@_author: snark_city
@_date: 2015-08-31 22:17:29


usury means charging interest on a loan; that's what banking *is*.
have you ever lent a friend enough to buy a home, expecting them to pay back only the principal, at whatever speed is comfortable for them? if so, you're nice but stupid. if you lent the money, but expected it back at a specified time, with interest, you're a bank.
even if the best cryptocurrencies available didn't have technical problems, they can't solve the moral/ethical problems of human behavior -- they will not "make the world a more equitable and fair place for everyone". so far, education, literacy in particular, is the most promising "invention" we have.
@_date: 2015-08-20 12:04:21
the winking smiley is the hint that it's a rhetorical question. decentralization may be one of Bitcoin's "innovations", and it's a nice ideal, but in practice people tend to choose hierarchical systems because they're more compatible with our psych/emotional needs. and *that*'s what's hurting adoption.
@_date: 2015-08-20 21:34:41
we evolved from simpler creatures that developed the hierarchical behavioral preference (instinct) based simply on "might makes right"; our intelligence and ability to outwit the "stronger" or to become "independent from the herd" are quite recent developments. you'll have to give the rest of us a chance to catch up. ;-)
hierarchies also allow easy "emulate" and "blame" strategies, and humans are lazy, so they'll usually choose easy strategies.
not to mention that one of the negative consequences of higher intelligence and self-recognition is that ego often motivates more than rationality, as we can see with the recent core-dev-infighting; even when people want a leader, they cannot often agree on whom it should be.
one of the "technological" solutions is token-based leadership sharing, where the one taking a turn holding the "conch" gets to "talk". this, however, requires all would-be leaders to be competent, and if that was the case, they would all be smart enough to simply hyper-cooperate (what you prefer, call it consensus rule or whatever you like) without much formal "leadership" structure.
i'm also fairly independent-minded and like consensus systems, but it takes time to establish trust in other co-operators, and often a lot of personal effort to solve problems at scale. consequently, i'm happy to cede control of some things to hierarchical systems. for example, i pay my taxes, and let the gubmint worry about public projects, because i don't have the inclination to organize public projects in any way, yet i enjoy their benefits. i feel similarly about currency. most people don't know enough about even the most fundamental aspects of economics to comment on Bitcoin, and yet... even the most "respected" forums are awash in nonsense most of the time.
@_date: 2015-08-19 23:22:34


isn't leadership... centralization? ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-31 04:01:20
interesting stuff, i haven't wandered about in a datacenter before. thanks for the info. :-)
@_date: 2015-07-28 23:31:34


everyone holding believes they will "earn" something for nothing. sometimes the truth is ugly.
@_date: 2015-07-22 17:37:07
to make it better, the code that runs on the phone should be audited, and both the codebase and binaries fingerprinted on a sidechain, with upgrades / modifications only allowed if those mods are also fingerprinted. it would allow people who know nothing about Bitcoin to still use it fairly securely, and if they buy that instead some other smartphone for their next smartphone, it's easy to get into... preload the phone with some BTC, included in the sale price, and consumer adoption is ready.
...assuming the system itself itself is ready, which IMO, it isn't. \*shrug\*
@_date: 2015-07-28 23:27:17
there are security-optimized distros which can start you on a good path and then it's simply a matter of not doing too many stupid things to it. learn about each piece of functionality as you work on it, don't work on a bunch of things at once. you still have to trust the distro makers, of course, but that's about the best you can do.
take a look here for a start: 
for technologies, start with *ssh*, it's incredibly powerful.
@_date: 2015-07-29 21:01:14
true, and this would make sense to the average user *if* they didn't have to first invest in a loud, hot, expensive rig, and then continuously bleed value from hydro cost. yet independent participants are supposed to be the very thing that keeps everything honest. it's a tough sell to Joe Average.
what BTC needs most is a way to allow the non-rich to participate with moderate hardware. not sure that's a solvable problem, though... maybe tie mining to a user's DNA? but even then, people will figure out how to subvert the *one-account-per-mind* "rule".
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:57:34
$500 USD *in BTC* is what the crypto[locker|\*] knobs are asking when they lock your personal data for ransom, and if you think they're gonna be honest *after* they've invaded your personal space, good luck.
edit: i'm using "you" loosely here; substitute with "one" and all the relevant grammar fixes as necessary if desired. oh, and yes, the prospect of being an ass about things is the very thing that allows me to get up in the morning. ^/s :-D
@_date: 2015-07-31 03:13:21
agreed that that it's risky to let others do key provisioning.
by now, most people know to keep their passwords private, and so on, but security still isn't widely understood by the general public. even if one keeps their creds safe, there are still ways to get caught out with no CYA. for instance, people who don't understand confirmations and reasonable numbers thereof or who are simply impatient could get ripped off rather easily. the "power at the center" of a centralized system is what allows reparations when fraud is committed, regardless of the technology's capacity to do so. smart contracts might prove otherwise, and yet, if someone violates a contract in meatspace, who is there to appeal to? reputation is the only thing that will matter, and we've seen that it can be traded like any other commodity. in any case, if "group consensus ledgering" (of which blockchain is one implementation) succeeds, it will be absorbed by existing governments who will then direct its future.
at this point, what i would find interesting is a service wherein a tiny fake blockchain can be created among a small group of friends, and each step of the way through a transaction, all group members are appraised of the various mechanisms at work. by practicing with the mockchain, people could get used to the idea and be able to trust it *despite* all the, ahem, weirdness that has happened so far in Bitcoinlandia. it's basically Yet Another Clonecoin, but with "miniaturized" data structures, including simpler hashes and simpler ciphers, along with a nice blockchain navigator Web app. run *that* as a "full" node on an rpi and the public will start to get it, which is what Bitcoin wants, innit?
in meatspace, where fiat money is still number one, i've actually gone to a mint, and seen actual, real money, being *actually minted*. i understand enough about its production, and more importantly, the forces that stand by to protect its users from fraud, to trust it, despite the occasional corporate shenanigans. yes, fraud is serious, but it's also not related to the form of money used so much as the moral turpitude of the perpetrator(s).
in any case, you make a good point: if there are gazillions of full node service providers, it will just become another utility, and node operators will probably have to get licensed by the gub for fraud, insurance, etc, and it will just become another facet of society, maybe the One Common Currency. i still don't think electronic devices are reliable enough for this purpose yet; battery technology is still pretty weak. but we'll see. :-)
@_date: 2015-07-31 04:00:01


i see it more as a system that evolved slowly, building trust by delegating it to people who could use human intuition to guide its development, just as the Bitcoin core devs must use their intuition to guide development of the protocol. either way, it requires trust.


isn't government likely to introduce its own alt eventually? if it's a good idea, it'll happen. i'm in no hurry about it. i would encourage those who are, though, to make educating the public a high priority. i've seen a number of videos i consider not-significantly-helpful for the average user.
@_date: 2015-07-30 02:51:18


okay, but that party is beholden to its own interests, and you stated that...


...so this one party mentioned in the first quoted, that's you, right? and let's say i am the other, the average user -- interested in using tech, but not in how it works. after all, learning enough about it to be able to trust it, and not its culture, would take an age and violate the claim you made that...


now, if i don't know how it works, what reason do i have to trust you, a ghost on the Internet, to "keep my money safe"? -- remember, i'm not going to understand how it works, so "you do some computer magic that keeps my money safe" is the closest approximation i'll have to understanding the blockchain.
furthermore, there's no reason to think that the ecosystem will do anything different than any other area of human endeavor where capital could be leveraged against a problem: those with large amounts of capital will outperform others, leading to centralization (which supposedly is anathema to the design of the system); at the same time, "missing" regulations will be drummed up and installed, and BTC will be subsumed into the existing global economy, which is always touted as the "enemy". it may end up becoming the global base currency (*yay!* and all that), but it certainly isn't going to solve any of the significant problems we have as a planet. good learning experience, though, for everyone.
we are moving towards a society that wants everything done for it by machines; learning about BTC is the opposite of that, and all those i've ever talked with about it fall into three categories:
* astonishingly clueless youngster who wants to buy in immediately but of course has no money, and certainly more money than sense at that age
* immediately suspicious because it involves "believing in" something they have never heard of, which sounds preposterous unless they have some advanced math/sci education
* greedy^Wpassionate about somehow, anyhow making money from it, without having to put in significant effort
there are boosters who actually know what they are talking about, but even the core developers argue pedantically in public forums instead of simply making good decisions.
there are many obstacles to overcome. i'm nerdish, and even i don't really care that much if it succeeds or fails. it's a cool idea, but it isn't the revolution that is constantly pushed, which makes it sound even worse to innocent bystanders. \*shrug\*
@_date: 2015-08-19 21:26:56
okay, *are* you financially invested?
@_date: 2015-07-29 22:07:08
meanwhile, normal people continue to leave registrars for *meaningful* reasons, like sucky service... i'm looking at you, Network "Solutions".
@_date: 2015-07-31 04:05:34
fair points regarding the new social trends and the knock-on effects, and i agree that it will definitely be fun to watch it happening. :-)
@_date: 2015-07-30 20:28:30


the point i was making is that most people will just want to run a "light" network node (simply for creating transactions), leaving the mining to be done by conglomerates, leading to centralization of the "provers" of the network, which as i understand is considered "bad" (non-trustless).
...or is it possible to validate the blockchain without mining?
i'd want a network that allows nearly anyone to mine meaningfully, which means dialing down the difficulty, which isn't going to happen because of GPU, FPGA, ASICs, etc. so the "little guy" gets shut out of the most important part of the process, the part that distinguishes BTC from existing monetary systems -- independent, decentralized validation of the ledger.
as for chequing account, although the interest is negligible, so are the fees, because i leave a base amount of cash in my account and the bank waives fees for that -- and it's reasonable to leave a bit of money sitting there, because if i ever lose my income, that base amount is an immediately-accessible cushion against disaster.
@_date: 2015-07-29 21:45:20
...and then contract-kill the tattoo artist...?
@_date: 2015-07-22 17:24:51
this rubber hose should help...
@_date: 2015-07-29 17:42:51


indeed. :-)
you're basically talking about DIY writ large, and the DIY phenomenon is good in theory, but in practice, it becomes clear why banks, regulations, governments, etc evolved and are a fairly essential part of society: most people are simply unable to specialize in enough areas to be properly self-sufficient; without specialization, results are mediocre at best.
consider home renovations: the advent of "big box" building supply stores has inspired a generation of DIY enthusiasts, most of whom absolutely simply cannot produce quality work; in fact, some installations are not just not up to code, they're downright unsafe. why does "the code" exist? it's because specialists have determined areas of risk, mitigated what they could, and declared the rest prohibited. this is not done to restrict freedom, it's done to stop idiots from harming themselves and others (or infrastructure).
now consider banks: they have regulations too; in fact, the regulations are so complicated, that's one of the reasons the banks have become "big faceless corporations". on top of that, they also need help from the insurance industry, with more regulations, because some people will default on their loans, attempt fraud, theft, etc.
if people could be trusted completely, we could forego a lot of this economic infrastructure, and then banks would shrink in size (staff), and seem "friendly" again. still, none of that has to do with the nature of the currency in use. fiat or Bitcoin, problems tend to stem from borrower/lender behavior (ie. fallible humans).
why did the author of that article you mentioned believe we'd need editors and publishers? it's because they provide *credibility*, which nearly everyone almost certainly takes for granted most of the time. you say "just as bloggers are not journalists", and you're right: they're not -- they are less skilled, and less credible. an average blogger sucks balls compared not to any specific journalist, but to the *standard of journalism*. a journalist can be discredited by deviating from those standards; a blogger, OTOH, doesn't even have any credit to begin with. any fool with a few bucks for a used PC can start blogging. so why should an intelligent member of the public give them much credence (except for any claims they make that can be independently verified)?
now let's talk about kickstarter. again, it's a cool idea in theory, but look at the caveats: if someone creates a campaign that looks amazing, collects a bunch of money, and then faffs about, creating nothing except marketing hype, and finally just disappears with the money, *there is no recourse* for those who contributed in good faith. that's freaking ludicrous, and can only exist on the fringe of an existing major economy. start adding consumer protection to kickstarter, and you end up with more or less what we already have from existing companies: massive start-up costs, insurance, regulation, etc.
there is no magic bullet for anything. Bitcoin is an interesting idea, but the fact that it ultimately depends on humans to behave rationally precludes it from being the "cure" for our "defective" existing monetary system. at best, it will just become Yet Another currency, and at worst, a whole bunch of people are going to feel silly and betrayed (but will have only their greed to blame). the worst part of Bitcoin is its culture, and there's no solution to that.
if people want actual QOL improvement in these lazy times, it will take the public demanding accountability first of its government, and then, with the help of government, its corporations. funny thing, though: if someone has stocks in Fooco, are they really going to demand that Fooco execs become financially, ecologically, etc responsible at the risk of lost profits and lowered imaginary stock values to that very shareholder? not bloody likely. ;-)
i'm not trying to bring a fart to the party, but when you look into how large scale systems of human behavior work, you realize it's very rarely the tool that's at fault, and almost always the user. so in the end, quality education is still the best hope we have for improving anything.
@_date: 2015-07-14 18:52:24
the answer is yes. you *have* seen the Internet, haven't you? :-D
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:56:06
i think you missed the point, so i'll repeat it, but i'll add some details: the form of currency used is not the slightest bit related to the nature of the primary business banks provide (lending).
consider how much money you have right now. exchange it for "equivalent value" in BTC. i bet you still can't afford a house, or maybe even a car, outright, because regardless of the currency the item is priced in, it's expensive. so... where will you get that money? you will borrow it, of course. from whom, though? not 100 random people who just feel like being nice, i promise you. you'll get it from someone who's *business* it is to lend money on interest. and for the sake of simplicity, we call it a bank. it might take the form of a 100 random shareholders in a credit union, but that's not significantly different, except for the degree of profit -- every business needs its revenue to exceed its expenses, or it ceases to function.
Bitcoin is a cool idea, but it won't solve Earth's most significant financial "problem": human greed. take a moment and think about it: if Bitcoin ever truly catches on, the rich, who understand money better than most, or can easily hire those who do, will co-opt it, figure out how to make it do what fiat-and-friends do now, and things will stay Just As They Are.
the one thing that has increased consistently over time, and provided consistent improvement in QOL for many, is education. so go learn you some economics. ;-)
@_date: 2015-07-28 23:36:29


they might, but they aren't really focused on money transfer -- otherwise companies that specialize in it, like Western Union, wouldn't exist.
now, arguing that Western Union sucks, that's something else. i have neither personal experience nor significant domain knowledge about WU, and consequently, no comments about it either. \*shrug\*
@_date: 2015-07-30 02:13:24
nice. are you running a purpose-built rig that happens to have the right form factor, just CPU-mining (is that even worth), or? i thought the provider might be nervous about extra heat, but maybe they are... \*sunglasses\* ...chill.
@_date: 2015-07-21 11:57:10
hochelaga? :-D
@_date: 2015-07-22 17:18:19
hahahahahaha! $500 USD, eh? i wonder what that's for... :-D
OP, sorry for your [data] loss -- if you want the BTC for what i think you do, just realize: why would a dishonest person suddenly become honest? at least you will have learned that backups are valuable.
@_date: 2015-07-29 02:49:13
no worries. if you have a specific question about something, like "which SSH key do i bring to my remote server?" or the like, try PM and give me at least 72 hrs to reply, i'm only around sporadically.
@_date: 2015-07-29 20:57:04


clandestinely or legit-mode (eg. you rent the resources, or you own the datacenter)? just curious.
@_date: 2015-07-30 02:06:35
as we drift further and further into exclusively-digital multimedia storage and distribution, the biggest implication for commerce is the obviation of scarcity caused by computers' virtually limitless capacity to make perfect copies of a work for next to nothing.
even if you use adequate crypto tech, in the end, there's an output "signal" (video, audio, PDFs, what-have-you) designed to be consumed by a human, and the quality of this signal, even if not as good as the original, is high enough fidelity to serve as a "master" for making any number of further copies to distribute without cutting in the originator of the work. what's more, in many cases, the original signal can be perfectly preserved.
various efforts have been made to patch this weak point in consumer digital media. one of these is HDCP tech, but consumers [rightly] shunned that poorly-thought-out scheme because it encumbered honest users even more than would-be pirates!
this weak point for digital multimedia "scarcity" (and its consequent market) remains easily exploitable enough that it renders any form of security innovation, even blockchain-like stuff, effectively meaningless.
tl;dr: [click here...](
@_date: 2015-07-28 17:20:08


you do realize that banks provide loans, and the large and complex financial infrastructure behind them, which has nothing to do with the form of currency used, right?
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:20:34


umm... okaaaaay. moving along... :-D


that nutsack is the product of generations of greed combined with generations of legislation that allow the already-wealthy to leverage their capital against society's better interests (to wit, further extraction of wealth from society as a whole). the form of money the nutsack used is not relevant; most financial "bad behavior" is legal, and illegal scheming doesn't depend on the form of money, or even the existence of a paper trail; it only requires disincentivizing auditing of said trail.
suppose you did something naughty, and an audit looms: you offer the auditor a bribe of $100000 USD to "fix it", and he agrees; you go on to live a fun, prison-free life (for the time being).
now, imagine in the future, BTC comes to replace USD, but the situation is otherwise the same: you offer the auditor some BTC equivalent to $100000 USD, and he "fixes the books". how has BTC solved the problem?
secondarily, imagine nutsack's great-grandparents started a loan business (similar to a bank), but they were honest and forthright, charging only enough interest to make a fair profit, and spending zero dollars on coke. maybe nutsack's grandparents then started life high on the hog, got used to being rich, developed their greed, and started insisting on more profits. repeat with nutsack's parents, and finally, here's nutsack, born with a silver coke spoon in his mouth, taking over the family biz, actually contributing very little to society aside from the "service" he provides by aping his parents' behavior.
now, once again, swap out USD for BTC... a mom and pop business, if it can grow, will become a wal-mart, not because the form of money has any bearing, but because it's human nature to want ever-increasing wealth, power, prestige, what-have-you.
BTC is fascinating, mathematically and programmatically, but practically... it doesn't really solve a lot of problems. Ricardian contracts might turn out to be useful, but even those, i think, are oversold by their purveyors.