@_author: snarkconfidant
@_date: 2019-11-15 17:27:03
I agree with pretty much all of that except this:


Not only do I think it's likely, I think it's guaranteed.


That's because I can't predict the future with exact certainty, but I can generalize. The reason I put out those hypotheticals is because you acknowledged them as problems that BTC has. Human nature is to solve problems. I'm not sure it's wise to bet against people coming up with something better.
@_date: 2019-11-16 17:22:29
Venmo was an example of how easy the user experience \*should\* be. I wasn't saying that it's a BTC/crypto replacement. It's obviously a totally different animal since it's just a way to send fiat between parties. I was only citing it for ease of use.


The following are deterrents that discourage (or should discourage) new investors:
1. Difficult user experience regarding obtaining and especially securing bitcoin.
2. Already too much value tied up in the hands of relatively few people. This should lower new investor confidence. Why should I spend $8k on one BTC if my neighbor owns a hundred that he got for pennies by running his computer for a few months in 2010? Smells a lot like a nerd pyramid scheme (this is coming from nerd).
3. Single BTC already very expensive, and people don't want to own fractions. This also ties into 
4. BTC has a reputation of being wildly volatile and/or a "scam." This also ties into 


I should be crystal clear that I don't own any BTC nor do I plan to (for the reasons above, plus my general belief that it won't survive long-term). Maybe you'll think that I'm just spreading FUD, but that's not my goal at all. I'm open to owning some form of crypto in the future. It would need to derive its value in a different way, though - not just "who mined it first." And it would need to be much less wasteful of resources than mining is now. I would own and use it for the same reason that people currently own and use BTC - a way to transact peer-to-peer and/or store value in way that's borderless and secure from thieves and hostile authoritarian entities.
@_date: 2019-11-16 21:28:35
No, my bank account is definitely not secure from hostile authoritarian entities (e.g. good old uncle sam, if things took a wrong). And you're right, I don't currently have any problems I'm trying to solve. I'm interested in crypto for certain "what if" scenarios that could happen in the future.
@_date: 2019-11-15 21:27:36


Finding out about it is easy. But if something takes significant education to use, that's a problem. It needs to be easy to use. Nearly brainless. Take Venmo, for example. Somebody wanted payment via Venmo from me this summer. I'd heard of it but never used it. I download the app, typed in a few pieces of info, and I was good to go. Is BTC that easy to use/acquire/secure? I don't think it is. If something new came along that was as easy to use as Venmo and secure, it would be a huge advantage for that technology.


 Fair, I misread that.


 If it can, great. If it can't, then that's a problem. I'm betting on the latter. I think that there are many points of failure for BTC, and one or more of them will eventually take it down.
@_date: 2019-11-15 19:17:32


You already came up with it, basically:


Something "better" is something that doesn't require any of that, or it requires less of it, then. A system that has all of the desirable properties of BTC but doesn't need a grassroots effort, or specialized education, or high user risk tolerance would be better. Right? Basically, you're saying that nothing will make BTC obsolete because BTC's problems are social. But what if something came along that solved those issues as well? It would be better.
@_date: 2019-11-15 15:01:03
Yep. It \*could\* be a good store of value long-term, but it's a terrible form of money. For money to be useful, people need to want to spend it. That's why low-level inflation is a good and necessary part of money. It encourages people to spend/invest it rather than hold it, because it just devalues as you hold it. Bitcoin HODLers wishing for the moon want the opposite. HODLing actively works against bitcoin being a good form of money. Nobody wants to let go of something that could be worth more in the future. Will it be good long-term store of value? That remains to be seen. Personally, I'm not bullish on specific tech long-term. The nature of tech is that it becomes obsolete over time. Even if the basic idea remains the same, specific tech eventually gets replaced by the latest-and-greatest.
@_date: 2019-11-15 16:14:27


Yes, and I was agreeing. Why so combative?


Good. Some do. Many of the posts in this very thread are about BTC being a good/great/perfect form of money. Again, you seem to think that my response to your post was a criticism. Not the case.


I'd recommend mutual funds for that. Or property. Those are sensible non-inflating long-term stores of value. BTC is speculative. You don't want your non-inflating long-term store of value to be speculative unless it's a small fraction of your total non-inflating long-term assets.






Which is literally what I said. "Will it be..." is asking about the future. **Has it been** a good long term store of value? Yes, for some people. Especially those that have been in for some time. But I didn't ask "Has it been..."


Oh, okay. Cool. You do agree (as long as you're the one stating it).






So what's preventing something new from solving the same problems that Bitcoin solves, but better? What if it also solves *more* problems than BTC? What if it also solves some or all of the social problems you mentioned?
@_date: 2019-12-11 19:40:15


Buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-11 18:12:09






The former ensures that the latter never happens. Small, slow inflationary pressure is what keeps fiat going forever because it incentivizes circulation over hoarding. One penny in 1800 equates to somewhere around $2.35 today according to inflation calculators -- but nobody is panicking about that huge change because it happened over the course of a couple hundred years. The same will be true a couple of hundred years from now when someone does the same comparison. The real danger to fiat is the collapse of the backing entity's power (which absolutely could happen during the next couple hundred years), not inflation. Slow, steady inflation is fiat currency's friend.
