@_author: snaynay
@_date: 2019-07-19 09:18:02
Fuck lambos. I want a McLaren.
@_date: 2017-12-07 20:49:09
Try [Jersey]( in the channel islands... :D
If its a [personal thing]( ran off your own money, then you can easily declare your earnings as tax exempt. Only if it becomes a regular thing would the taxman care.
@_date: 2019-03-04 17:11:40
My vote goes to Trogdor the Burninator.
@_date: 2019-11-05 11:56:20
Fellow island dweller! A lot of our finance industry sends people out to Bermuda and Cayman. Always been a bit of a curiosity to visit those islands one day.
@_date: 2019-11-05 10:00:36
You will only get hit with FX rates and you can pick the best places I suppose...
@_date: 2019-11-05 10:07:50
Sometimes, I'm glad to live where I live...
Up to 20% income tax, flat 20% landlord income tax, 0% corporate tax, 0% capital gains tax, 0% inheritance tax, etc. 5% gst on purchases/imports.
@_date: 2019-11-05 10:00:08
You can't really spend US dollars in the UK or EU though.
@_date: 2019-12-18 22:15:29
I apologise for using "fixed ratio". The wording should have been a relative ratio. 
I've explained, the angles do change, but it's simply a relative view.
No matter what your X and Y is, the resulting angles A, B and C in correlation to a shorter or longer X or Y is marked and sampled as a trend. The trend for D is calculated based on small sample trend of B/A=C/B=D/C. I did that math above and aimed to prove *consistency* between a shorter or longer aspect ratio. If B/A is 0.2, then all of them need to be 0.2, but the graph will be pointlessly wide.
Put D along X/Y and your have a line that predicts a new maximum ROI from the current low (Y). The time required (X) is (assuming) an eyeball guess based on a trend of low to high taking about 300-400 days longer each phase.
@_date: 2019-12-18 15:44:46
He's using a graphical pattern for prediction, yes, but it does not rely on aspect ratio at all. Just the numbers you use (75/50/33deg angle and the resulting 0.67% ratio against X time).
If you squeeze X and therefore the aspect ratio, the angles will be higher with higher ratios. Lets look at yours and the math:
69/83 = 0.83
52/69 = 0.75
40/52 = 0.76
Now, I've [stretched one]( and had another go:
39/65 = 0.6
23/39= 0.58
14/23= 0.6
I would say that between accuracy of the the drawn lines in the original graph, accuracy of MS paint's ability to accurately skew aspect ratios, and human error of trying to line up a small, semi-transparent photograph of a protractor over pixelated images to have a rough stab at the angle is enough room for numerous minor errors; especially when the original graph is more like an attempt to show a trend that has happened and the real numbers are probably just "close enough" to give that clean approximated trend.
@_date: 2019-12-19 02:50:13


That variance you are talking about is certainly numerous minor mistakes ontop of an already "this is close enough to prove the point" type of numbers. You are arguing semantics over geometry principles. If B/A=C/B=D/C, you can stretch or shrink that graph and have the real number anything, but the three lines are proportionally correlated to each other. Always.
If you plot x=y and x=y\*2 on a graph where X and Y axis are of equal value and length, you get two lines; 45 and 22.5 degrees. If you then half the X axis (aspect ratio) so value 10 on X is the same length as 5 on Y then you get 67.5 and 33.75 degrees... but those two lines are sill x=y and x=y\*2 respectively.
Secondly, I'd re-read his post. I'm pretty sure he took the piss out of you.
@_date: 2019-12-18 12:01:47
Not saying I agree with the graph or prediction, but you squeezing the aspect ratio does nothing to affect it. The method of prediction still works; the angles are arbitrary and length of the lines mean nothing. More a guesstimate of when X over Y will crossover. 
That graph is major market bottom to next major market bottom with a fixed time and log scaled price as ROI for each of the big phases of BTC; phase 1, 2, 3 and now predicting 4. The line is market bottom to market top for each phase. This time taken from low to high is what matters. [This is all he as done]( (not at all accurate!), just each section as it's own scaled graph to compare each section/phase directly against one another.
The graph simply predicts that it'll take about 4 years to go from this Feb 2019 low of say $3100 to it's new all time high of about 3100x10\^1.3 (aka $60,000 or so); which is actually quite a conservative guesstimate given the historic trends. We can all expect a long lull and a bear to this new ATH throughout 2022.
@_date: 2019-04-11 13:43:49
Barr stated the whole (redacted) report will be available soon. I think he means publicly too.
@_date: 2019-12-18 17:51:49
It's completely irrelevant on the scale, I've just done the math right there. I was simply proving that changing the aspect ratio maintains a fixed ratio between angles of those lines.
He may have used an aspect ratio that makes nice numbers to see and visualise on purpose. That's fine. The historical data and predictive stab at the next line is fine because that is in direct relation to the ratio of angles at your chosen aspect ratio. If X is shorter, then the angle you mark is higher and ratios are proportionally higher, but the calculation of the X/Y point is still the same.
There is a lot of hyperbole in a guess like this, but the graphs integrity is solid.
@_date: 2019-12-19 11:14:16
1. The angles of the lines in relation to each other are consistent, separated by a basic equation. If the angle changes, they all change appropriately. The constant is the measured angles. Any inconsistencies you found were addressed.
2. I said right when I entered this stupid debate I'm not arguing the validity of the prediction, I'm telling you the lines are sound and your aspect ratio change has zero effect because of constraints related to measured angles. Argue the pattern or validity of the trend all you want, that doesn't remotely affect the argument.
3. I did the math and the measurements with that fecking protractor earlier in this chain. I followed the rule and mathed my way into the angle of the 4th line in both your example and a second example using the simple rule. You can then measure that angle and it's basically bang on. All as I'm doing is saying the relationship between the angles is the same regardless of aspect ratio, therefore the outcome of the prediction is not affected... The issue is one minor anomaly out of 8 measurements, which I addressed. Unfortunately you measured that one, stopped, then ran with your findings as an unsound argument.
4. I checked the guys account. No, he took the piss out of you and bailed from the conversation. You even gave him gold...
@_date: 2019-04-09 08:54:12
Also got one. I'll report as well.
@_date: 2019-09-02 08:53:50
If you are serious, start here and follow the links to the lawyers. I'm not sure of limitations about a non-resident setting up a business. Also, how your local tax situation works matters greatly. The US can be a bit shit for example.
Jersey works as an "offshore tax haven" to some by allowing investment on the island, the building of considerable wealth then being taxed on return. Many counties don't charge capital gains tax on money earned over X number of years ago.
@_date: 2019-09-01 00:33:54
Check out Jersey. Zero capital gains.


You could liquidate 50BTC every day and pay nothing. At some point, you might want to prove your acquisition of such BTC was in fact a personally funded punt at the market. If your acquisition of the coins was via a bot that you manage/maintain/develop, they'd certainly request that it run as a legal vehicle. In such a case, Jersey also has zero corporate tax. However, being "paid" from your little BTC business will end up with a 20% income tax.
Amusing side fact; beyond Jersey/British, Portuguese is next largest ethnic demographic into the island.
@_date: 2018-04-08 11:25:33
Take your time and don't rush.
@_date: 2018-12-18 17:45:26
No, that's just biology, nature and empirical evidence of the world around you.
I don't claim to be a scientist or well versed in the technical details of biochemistry or psychology or whatever, but direct correlations of increased testosterone with aggression, competition and even sex is extremely well documented. Couple that with the very well known fact that not everyone lives with the same stability of mental state, a prime example might be Narcissistic Personality Disorder, then you may very well end up with someone who has potential to cause some chaos.
The simple point is currency is just an arbitrary resource. The more you simplify the resources, the more likely the resource is to be controlled by a single actor. The simpler it is to take/control, the more likely that event.
@_date: 2018-12-18 18:25:53
And my ex-boss would've thrown you under the metaphorical bus if it benefited him in any shape or form. Not even financially. If you even had the potential to challenge an aspect of his business from inside or outside. He's now doing time for indecently assaulting a child (sexually). That man had his needs well met, and a private yacht... but likewise it's just anecdotal evidence.
What if someones needs simply required indecent or implausible things? Things that are not easily traded without an exchange of tangible, accessible resources? Or even things that are simply only taken?
I thoroughly understand economic disparity when it comes to incarceration rates, but still we do have prisons for a reason. Some people are simply not capable of civility for whatever reason. Some cave to dark desires. Some crumble under tough situations and some are simply gaming the system. Hypothetically, without money or some form of tangible resource... how would one manage people you'd keep in a prison?
@_date: 2018-12-18 15:35:42
Take away money and you'll have power struggles. People will fight over control of resources and people. 
Animals (including humans, especially males), can and will be competitive to vie for social standing, status, sexual fitness, resources or territory within a small group or vs the many. It's a huge part of the natural behavioural patterns of all living things and humans are not excluded.
Money is an interesting concept where a person has at least the possibility of gaining enough arbitrary wealth to climb up the resources ladder. Arguably, it makes us a bit more more civil and fair. Just look at indigenous and uncontacted tribes around the world.
@_date: 2018-12-19 00:07:55
No, the man was actually quite a nice guy to chat to, insanely passionate and dare I say quite a visionary and got things done. Amusingly Bitcoin was one of his major side ventures and how I got interested. The guy was full of life and a massive philanthropist and activist towards the public growing an interest in general technology.
The problem with the man was he enjoyed the game. He used his success to leverage more success. He trampled on people to rise to prominence in our little world in a matter of years. It's even believed by other ex-employees that his rather out-of-character case was mere fabrication as retaliation to his growing power locally and how many people he stepped on to get there. He entered a world of other people playing the game. If you've ever been involved in big-money client relations discussions, you'd see all character profiles, hierarchies and habitual tailoring these companies play on each other to gather work and contracts. It's like those corny detective movies... who to talk to, what to say, how to act, what they do know, what they don't know, etc. It's essentially a high-stakes game.
Yachts are simply purchased by rich people to become part of rich people networking circles and travel to destinations yacht owners go to. Same as corporate cycling clubs, just for those even higher up the food chain.
@_date: 2018-12-18 16:19:32
That's pretty naive. People are hardwired in the brain to do what they can to beat you or become the prime sexual partner. Not out of a social construct, but genetic biology. Humans are inherently tribal as a common mammal survival habit. We make groups and argue about it simply through cognitive bias over logic. A fairly unique point with humans is we join whatever groups accept us and groups we feel part of, be it multiple social circles or supporting sports teams.
Take away all the money and live an ideologically pure community and some knob will come along, tie you up, burn your homes and fields then plunder the women. He'll become some form of leader and offer sizeable scraps to his loyal companions whilst providing the minimum for the rest. He'll essentially form a tribe and fight other tribes. He'll get all the food, sleep, comfort and sex opportunities. He'll do whatever it takes to control his position for as long as he can until someone else takes it through whatever circumstances.
Hyperbole story, but competitive/dominant people will take over in any situation they can. They'll subordinate others and stop you living your idealistic life... 
@_date: 2018-12-19 00:41:34
Very few people in society will agree with you. It's pure ideology based on very narrow perspective of human desires.
Everything we enjoy is built upon incomprehensible man-hours and only exists because scale and adoption. Without an effective way to make all that happen, even pure essentials you take for granted like basic tools, building materials, gasoline, or just moving something heavy long distance takes the combined work of countless strangers through countless companies over countless years of development.
With a "just help each other out" you'd soon be stuck living in rotting shells for homes, eating the three different foods you can find/make/grow in your house and try not to die before you hit 30 from injury or diseases we have since eradicated from our cultures. 
If you think anything you said is remotely plausible, let alone that people would even dream of it, or that people would even pull their own weight is just delusion. Pure, pure delusion of the grandest scale. Scientology is more plausible. 
I'm going to take a wild assumption you are American. Go travel. America is a fantastic country but it's full of culture bubbles and so many mentally backwards places even remote areas of Siberia are probably more cultured.
@_date: 2018-12-19 14:24:16
What I do, and what I love to do is heavily focused on just how incredible humans are at pushing the standards and technologies of the world around them. Systems, automation, communications, refinement and boutique etc. I thrive on taking a specific, nuanced business challenge and building a system tailored to an entities needs. But you don't do this for free. Earlier this year we had a project that was estimated at 800 man hours and billed as such, but went 4000 man hours over. Some significantly small projects are so elaborate that people don't just spend countless hours on without a tangible return. This was just extensions to product. Think of a big project. Millions of man hours. Am I going to waste hundreds of hours build a farmer a system to maintain his whole enterprise? What can he do in return for me that remotely compares? 7 years of fresh milk?
I made a machine that programatically cuts 3D parts out of steel to \~0.01mm of precision in my garage. Isn't that just mad? Ever heard of electrostatic speakers? I want to make some. Amazing that I live in a time where someone in another country can manufacture all manners of high quality materials and products, ship it to my house in mere days after I spend 5 minutes on my phone browsing the internet (wirelessly!) whilst ordering a nice Japanese ramen takeout using natural ingredients shipped from the other side of the world. I then can enjoy a quiet evening absorbing near endless amounts of information at my fingertips. 
The only way any of the countless amount of people involved in making these few named industries tick is a fiat currency where my hard graft is rewarded relatively linearly between effort/skill/specialisation/usefulness and I can then trade it to others for their work as I see fit.
The only people who don't see this are people who don't comprehend the sheer scale of time and effort behind every single thing you touch. Without the ability to mobilise small armies of people towards a venture you will simply degenerate into a bubbling mess of poverty and inaccessibility, decline of public services, decline of education, decline of civility and who knows what else. See how quick Venezuela fucked up and think that's only half-way towards communism.
@_date: 2018-12-19 14:56:06
Go grab a bunch of other ideologues, a couple of thousand bucks each and buy a large plot of land in rural America. Go setup your fantasy world. I'm sure it'll be great.
Meanwhile, I'll watch SpaceX's plan to improve space travel and watch the capitalistic side of China take on mega-projects the world has never seen before or hop on a plane to Australia to simply remind myself that Kangaroo's are a real animal. Or just, you know, be involved in the progression of humanity and technology and simply fight against those who attempt to abuse power and position where possible.
@_date: 2018-12-19 16:16:22
Reading back I didn't mean the tone to look narky; holiday whiskey I suppose.
Honestly, if it's what you want then do it. But I, along with many others simply don't think like that. Not out of conditioning or brainwashing or anything. When you pose an ideological perspective, you can't assume that it is right or better or the thing to do and even worse to drag people into it.
@_date: 2018-12-19 11:16:07
I implore you to revisit your views. You may enjoy the idea and may have a few people who'd agree with you. There may even be a small group of people capable of living that way. But it won't extend beyond a village or town.
The vast majority of the population wont. Not because we aren't free. But because what you propose is completely impossible in human nature as an extended society, it won't work. Humans have a cognitive bias towards fairness, not equality. They will treat someone fair, but recognise when someone isn't pulling their weight or when someone is overachieving. 
Every time communist ideals are pushed to the front of politics and sold to the masses, human nature kicks in, the country rapidly declines, kills *many millions* of people and is scuffed off by the same idiots as "never tried pure communism". Because it doesn't work, it's a predictable outcome. I said this at the start of the conversation, some prick will ride in, burn your shit and call himself the leader. Him and his posse will bully the people with nothing and remain in control. Except in reality it's worse; it'll be people like Mao lining dissenters up and executing them in the *millions and millions* whilst the other *tens and tens of millions* die from famine.
To even coy with the idea of communism is even worse neo-nazism because at least nazism actually turned the country into a highly efficient machine and greatly improved the lives of the German people... until Hitler's "grander plans" started. Communism simply destroyed it's own countries and killed many multiples more people than all who died in all countries due to WW2.
It's like people read Marx's Communist Manifesto without any shred intellectual criticism and fall hook, line and sinker. But hey, some people practice the procedures in Hubbard's Dianetics and others think the earth is flat.