@_author: sneakattack
@_date: 2018-01-23 06:58:19
I'd like to see people apply these methods to past data points attempting to predict other past data points. Such as running such simulations on 90's-00's data to predict 2010+ prices (other stocks/assets). In this way we can start to get a feel for just how unreliable predictions are (or yield surprising results?).
I'd wager most predictive models fail because you can't anticipate socioeconomic events or how those events impact markets.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:12:55
That's what it's sounding like, people should be concerned about this, I think I'll just wait for FairX.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:30:54
Read to the end of the article. "Microsoft does not allow users to buy products with Bitcoin directly but asks users to add a predetermined amount of dollars to their account balance, for which they can pay with Bitcoin."
Microsoft's "add money to account" page has the Bitcoin option there.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:55:27
They'll receive rewards still through transaction fees, but will it be enough? It's debatable.
Maybe bitcoin changes to proof-of-stake in the future, Ethereum is working on that change today, much lower energy requirements.
One way or another, when the time comes, a system will have to exist that gives incentive for validating transactions. There are many solutions out there, various coins are being created to try them out, by the time we get closer to the problem being real we should know what kind of change (if any) makes sense for bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-31 02:59:26
It's not going to replace fiat (any time soon), so you can stop worry about that. But it does allow the ability to make anonymous purchases (to an extent), international purchases and other things like that which are extremely hard to do with fiat. It's just another asset class, like derivatives and stocks and so on, that's all you really need to know about it - you can invest in it, trade it and use it to buy things.
But you really don't *need* to buy Bitcoin, so relax.
@_date: 2017-12-31 04:08:35
Wow! Didn't know that existed...
@_date: 2014-01-06 22:00:28
Whether or not I use one or another payment service doesn't mean I don't understand Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:16:33
sigh. the thing that sucks about crypto currencies is that you're going to be re-explaining every tiny detail of it to every new curious person who learns of any kind of problem which exists.
not that being curious or wanting to learn is a bad thing, but a person can only do that so much before they're exhausted with trying to maintain sanity at large.
just imagine what's going to happen when fox news starts reporting about bitcoin dilemmas, then trying to get youtube users to calm down.
the markets are going to be a wild place for quite some time still...
@_date: 2014-02-12 18:05:20
It's not bullshit, it's the truth. If you want to understand something then take the time to understand it.
@_date: 2014-01-26 16:42:07
More of a delegate currency in my eyes than a payment processor. Bitcoin is a currency, USD is a currency, and we've convinced service providers to take on the responsibility of exchanging currencies. If anything service providers are the payment processors. Used to be that people handled currency exchanges on their own (e.g.; travel to another country and you'll be converting some of your USD to local currency). The worlds governments likely will not perceive crypto currencies as a threat because ultimately banks operate on fiat currency and at some point these crypto currencies will always be converted to USD (or some local currency) and be taxed as income, etc.
So all of this is done largely I think in effort to raise the value of BTC in the markets for investors. A lot of people think they're treating BTC like money and they're really not. I don't think that ultimately using BTC for all transactions makes a whole lot of sense. I'll be buried alive for saying that here. Hell, even I'm in it for the investing/trading side of things for the most part. So keep on spending BTC @ TigerDirect!
@_date: 2014-02-10 14:58:52
Yes. If not worse. The quote system is terrible, doesn't even do the job right. Worse yet Cryptsy is inaccessible at least half of the time I need to use it, and when it does finally work it still doesn't work. I hate logging in successfully only to have a trade submission fail because of that damn 503 gateway error.
I finally called it quits, it took a few hours just to submit three withdraw orders when I was doing it, but I did finally get out.
I'm just going to wait for legit market makers and a legit exchange to show up.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:44:15
I support cryptocurrency, but...
You do have to wait for transaction confirmations, and one or two just isn't enough.
Depending on what country you are in and what country the merchant is in, Bitcoin might not be an option at all.
Price volatility is an absurdly large problem if you ask me. Everyone's treating cryptocurrency like stock to get rich, and that's not at all the characteristic of good money. Today I buy a drink for X, tomorrow X would have bought a car, that turned out to be a very expensive drink. That's simply not a good thing *for money*.
between 2000 and 2013 there was roughly a +/- $0.50 fluctuation in the 'value' of the USD.
Bitcoin in just the last couple years? +/- $100's+.
Will Bitcoin ever stabilize? Maybe one day, but no matter how you cut it, it's not stable today, not at all - and that makes it more difficult to spend if you ask me.
@_date: 2014-01-07 17:51:47
You shouldn't be concerned with returning 1BTC if the consumer spent 1BTC. You sell fridges for $x, period. Today 1BTC converts to $x, tomorrow $x converts to 0.8BTC. This is a fair exchange, '$x' worth of BTC transferred both ways.
This is not a new problem, it is the risk the consumer takes. If people want to adopt a non-native currency, then the volatility of currency exchange is now a part of that consumers life.
This is how it already works in foreign markets. Travel to Europe and back, exchanging the same amount of value, you'll wind up with more or less dollars when you come back.
You've rediscovered an old problem. Typically it's the consumers job to convert their currency, not your job, that's the only thing that changed; who has the responsibility of exchanging currency?
You are in effect providing an additional service to win more customers. You have to play the risk management game.
Of course some service providers will help you burden the risk to some extent, like bitpay as people mention. Do the exchange, give a time stamp, the value was equal at the given exchange rate. Your policy only has to make the consumer aware, in loud bold letters, that their refund will be subjected to market conditions. Also offer the USD as a refund option.
@_date: 2014-01-07 16:59:22
lol, and now you should click the link.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:56:30
An ideal 0 change would be great, you can always trust that kind of money. Living in the world that we do there will always be some volatility. The concept here is to minimize the volatility of money value as much as possible. Keep in mind that there was a change from $0.83 to $1.30 in a decades time. A single Bitcoin in a fraction of that time has swung from less than $1 to $1,000. It's the difference between 50% over a decade and 1,000%+ in a few months. Arguably that's quite drastic, which is why Bitcoin is not really great money right now, and more so a speculative investment.
So, I'm not saying USD is perfect, I'm saying that today Bitcoin is drastically more volatile than our traditional USD money.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:31:04
I almost forgot about escrow, I definitely see escrow services as being a critically important tool for all crypto currencies.
@_date: 2014-01-06 19:47:55
With cryptocurrency there's no FDIC/insurance or fraud security at all. Under any circumstances where you can use traditional currency/credit you should prefer it just for the security.
A hybrid approach may be ideal depending on your concerns, or we need to find a way to address those concerns with cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2014-01-06 20:28:56
Scams hit all places possible eventually. I'm not familiar with Bitpay, but if they're in a position to be exploited, someone eventually will catch on, just a matter of time as always.
@_date: 2016-06-20 21:34:40
If you suck at writing contracts, is it the governments fault, or yours? The government enforces contracts. The government doesn't know what kind of contract you will create, or who will sign them. How do parallel situations in real life handle the same problem?
I don't think there's anything 'new' or 'bleeding edge' about this entire situation when you remove context and look at it in abstract. I'm sure all of the lawyers that eventually run across the situation will recognize the problem from legal situations.
Someone wrote a contract that says "I will pay you when you perform action X" and some smart ass decided to "perform action X" until the money was gone. The contract writer would be shit out of luck if the courts were presented that case (edit; or maybe not, given the comments below :).
This all assumes the article is technically correct of course.
@_date: 2017-11-27 04:03:07
I don't get the impression that many BTC traders have much market experience, this is their first foray into something which resembles the stock market I think. I also think most people lost their way on this which is the real issue, since when did BTC become about getting rich USD?
So let's just say when people en-mass choose to sell something you are not guaranteed to make your trade at the same price that everyone else is. In a dump only the people who initially sell *realize* peak value from a stock. That's really the crux of trading stocks, virtual vs realized gains. It's so easy for people to feel secure in a rising asset, such a tragic emotional trap - you get to the point like now where people sincerely believe value can rise infinitely - in reality you are currently at your most vulnerable, you just can't see it.
This is the recipe of a pump-and-dump. Legitimate stocks (and entire markets) go through it in cycles, it's common at smaller scales really, you get used to seeing hype run its course after a while.
It will happen, because it happens every time, always. It's not real to first-timers until it becomes visceral. After a while you learn to expect it. It takes a good bit of experience to override your emotion when something like this happens.
Wall Street buying into something seems like the best thing to ever happen, but they look out for themselves - not you, and you'll see what that means soon enough.
This entire subreddit sorely misunderstands how many people are buying BTC for no other reason than to get rich, the truth of this rise in USD value has little to do with 'belief' in the underlying technology. I know the technology is great and makes sense, but there's nothing in satoshi's Bitcoin whitepaper that says a blockchain token has to be worth infinite USD$ in order to function.
Measuring 'belief' or 'value' of Bitcoin through a currency exchange market is a fundamentally flawed concept in my opinion and in the end this will only do more harm than good in the eyes of the general public.
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:55:46
I know the 51% attack could allow double-spend'ing to occur, but I don't see how it's possible to commit fake transactions. That's not possible under any scenario.
If you somehow "shoved" some fake transaction data into the system you'd wind up never able to validate transaction, nothing would happen. You don't need to commit a 51% attack on the block chain to try that out. You can right now attempt a fake transaction on the existing blockchain, it won't work because you'd never be able to sign the transaction correctly.
A "fake" transfer of bitcoin has nothing to do with hash rates or 51% attacks. The attack your looking for is cracking private keys for the given address, which is computationally impossible so far as we know, at least for targeting a specific address because the key space is so vast.
I did just come across The Large Bitcoin Collider; 
Apparently it works too... 
@_date: 2017-11-27 03:58:02
I don't think it's possible to short a crypto-currency... how would that even work?
@_date: 2017-11-30 01:44:44
@_date: 2013-12-17 15:36:48
"government-licensed and regulated status..." - which leads me wonder, from what I've read the rep's weren't exactly excited at the prospect of kicking out money making clients. So their hand is forced? ... by the government?
@_date: 2013-12-17 02:40:22
You're reading this wrong, Chase isn't telling anyone that they can't objectively do business with some company, that's obviously not possible. What Chase doesn't *have* to do is have you as their client. If Chase decides that they do not want to do business with entities which have any relationship to BTC then they are in their right to do so. As a client you agree that Chase has these rights when you open accounts, etc.
Now... how Chase responds to clients protesting their decisions, that's something else entirely, especially if their bottom line is affected by the protesting.