@_author: snorting_dandelions
@_date: 2014-04-16 20:42:55


No, it's not like that at all.
Rather it's like living with roommates and everyone pays a certain amount of their money into one big pot in the kitchen, so everyone can buy basic stuff for your apartment. And then sometime down the road, they see you using the toilet paper that got financed from that pot, and see you use the ketchup financed from that very same pot, or maybe you're drinking some milk that was bought from that money. And then they ask you to either refrain from using their shit or start paying into the pot.
Nobody is gifting you a damn thing. You're taking advantage of other people, at least be honest enough to actually admit that.
@_date: 2014-04-17 04:31:47
Maybe they didn't. Maybe everyone bought their own stuff, and then they sat together and came to the conclusion it's actually cheaper if everyone pays a small amount and they share their stuff with each other. And then 3 out of 4 roommates started collecting their money in the pot mentioned above.
Anyway, what's the difference. You're using their stuff, so pay up. Or stop using their shit and keep the money.
I'm sorry, but you can't possibly think "Well, it's okay to use taxfunded stuff without paying for it, because I don't agree with taxfunding, so it's totally okay to use it for free!!11"
Well, *I* don't agree with grocery prices. Doesn't mean I can just steal their shit. "Oh, no, officers, you see, I don't accept the agreement between Walmart and me, so I'm allowed to just take all of this stuff for free. They're just gifting it to me, they can't want money from me after gifting me all of this awesome stuff".
I'm sorry, you just have to accept you're that crazy inconsiderate roommate who takes other people's stuff without reimbursing them. You're the bad guy in this story, not "statists".
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:52:18
Amazon web services is a server hoster, a pretty big one at that. You'll run across them pretty often in the internet.
Reddit hosts their content on these servers.
Akami is a cloud service.
@_date: 2014-08-15 14:16:51
It's legally property.
But does this really matter? If I scammed a car out of someone, I couldn't defend myself by saying "Well, I didn't scam him out of $20k, I only scammed him out of a car"?