@_author: snruxxns
@_date: 2017-02-28 05:09:17
If this was what he intended then he could have just proof-of-burned his coins.
@_date: 2017-03-17 11:41:24
Sorry, I meant 's thread [here](
@_date: 2017-03-18 06:19:24
The translation provided is inaccurate. I see nothing mentioned (or implied) about hash power. 区块 translates as block not pool.
Indeed, the exchanges that have signed this letter are all second rate. They think they're clever, but have not even understood some basic logical problems. The situation during a fork is more complicated than they think, but the outcome is much simpler: Big blocks will definitely win, small blocks chain die.
~~The arrangement of this group of idiots, the complex situations that will arise during a fork will catch them by surprise.~~
The arrangement by this group of idiots will leave them unprepared for the complex situations that arise during a fork.
After some time, when they have thought it over, this piece of agreement will have the same outcome as the previous agreements signed ~~by~~ between bitcoin exchanges, gone with the wind. The smart exchanges have not signed (the agreement).
@_date: 2017-03-28 16:19:05
I don't have nearly as many coins. And they are on an exchange, so no signature.
But on the off chance that this works, I'm sorry I'm going to undercut you.
I offer 1.1 BTU for every 1 BTC.
@_date: 2017-03-17 11:47:26
A &lt; 50% mining cartel could also be problematic because they alter the dynamics of the present incentive mechanism.
@_date: 2017-03-20 16:21:55
Personally, I see this as a healthy development towards compromise. Taken in the context of the recent announcements by Bitfury, it is clear that their primary motivation is rational self-interest in the form of transaction fees (and not the CCP conspiracy theories I see thrown about).
This is a tension that has to be addressed as long as miners are an integral part of bitcoin (that is unless we move towards PoS). Even with a PoW change, we are merely kicking the can down the road, and the same issues would arise again. After all, miners need to remain profitable to survive. And transaction fees are increasingly important as the mining subsidies eventually dry up.
Perhaps someone can convince them that the blockchain is the final arbiter of bitcoin transactions and crucial for ensuring that counterparties on 2nd level networks remain honest.
@_date: 2017-03-18 10:09:15
I don't believe it's malicious because he posted the original source and it would be simple to refute (as I have). Still, it is completely unproductive to have a discussion based on what I consider a very poor mistranslation.
I could have probably worded it more fluently but I chose to be as literal as possible to the original text.
@_date: 2017-03-17 03:56:38
In my understanding, UASF does not preclude a cartel of adversarial miners from vetoing soft-fork proposals.
As has been frequently mentioned, UASF could result in a chain-split upon activation. I believe there is a strong likelihood of such an attack being mounted by well-funded adversaries to "test the waters". Nevertheless, It has been rightly pointed out that such a scenario would speedily resolve itself once it becomes clear that a significant majority of economic actors has thrown their weight behind a particular chain.
Therefore, I believe a bigger problem stems from the ability of miners to censor transactions.
Consider the scenario where a group of miners band together and declare that they will censor all segwit transactions. In other words, they will refuse to extend any block containing segwit transactions.
This is guaranteed to succeed if the miners have &gt; 50% of the hash rate, and would be rightly construed to be a form of 51% attack.
Furthermore, such a threat is credible even if the adversarial miners do not control a majority of the hash rate.
Since there is a non-zero probability of the minority hash rate being ahead for a finite number of blocks, neutral miners are forced to weigh the extra fees from segwit transactions against the likelihood of blocks being orphaned. This is partially mitigated from the fee discount conferred by segwit.
The problem could be further compounded when merchants drop support for segwit transactions due to lengthy confirmation times and additional risks of double-spents.
@_date: 2017-03-17 09:41:34
My concern that miners are able to veto segwit by censoring transactions wasn't addressed in the AMA so I'm reposting it here.
















@_date: 2017-03-18 06:38:28
No your translation is inaccurate as well. It says the chain with big blocks will win.
@_date: 2017-03-20 15:47:36
The translations are largely accurate except for this part.


The malleability loophole is what's preventing change from happening. This bug inadvertently became the main obstacle preventing developers from creating new functions. Without removing this bug, 2nd layer protocols are difficult to implement. And to fix this bug, that is to implement segregated witness or other similar proposals, the support of the mining community is required.
@_date: 2017-04-01 11:27:34
I think it is pretty much agreed that even with segwit + LN, a block size increase has to happen some time in the future. As I understand it, the major disagreement is over 1) when it should happen 2) whether there is sufficient research to show that it is safe.
With this in mind, I think it is a leap of logic to assume that having a precedent for a hard fork would somehow make bitcoin more susceptible to future hostile takeovers. Every eventual (hard or soft) fork will be evaluated based on its technical merits, and would have to gain general acceptance by the economic majority. So in the current compromise the most controversial aspect of BU (emergent consensus) has been intentionally omitted.
I can't speak for the motives of both sides, but by at least actively exploring the idea, you show that you are willing to make a good faith effort to negotiate. And if it is rejected by the other side then you can justifiably call their motives into question.
@_date: 2017-04-04 14:08:09
Actually he was extremely popular with the poor in the rural North and was ousted in a military coup because he threatened the political and military elite.
Money laundering and fraud was the excuse given for the ouster.
@_date: 2017-04-15 12:18:42
Actually I agree with him (to an extent).
Judging by post histories, some of these threads are being used by litecoin users to promote their altcoin.
[Case in point](