@_author: snupicel
@_date: 2017-11-02 12:52:53
Why do you assume I’b buying into bitcoin because of regret? I’m buying into it because I believe it to be a big part of future money. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:53:36
Thanks for all this information. Can you please further explain why mining conglomerates make money off appreciation of bitcoin? I was under the impression the reward for mining is on a stable decrease until there's nothing left to mine.
@_date: 2017-11-02 18:05:51
Seriously, thanks for all this insight. So what are you doing in this game?
@_date: 2017-11-01 12:29:08
Relative new-comer here. I have some cash to invest in some bitcoin and I want to do it now and hold for some lengthy period of time because I believe in the future of Bitcoin.
However, I'm having a hard time understanding this fork and figuring out if I buy some BTC now, if they will be safe during this fork. I have a private Electrum wallet. I'm not properly understanding the mechanics of this fork thing, more specifically, how it will affect my wallet and my coins.
Say I plan on holding on to the coins I buy for at least a year. Can I just buy some coins, store them in my Electrum wallet and just forget about the fork? It won't affect my money at all? How will the split between the future 2x and original btc affect me? What if 2x wins and is the new btc? Do I have to do anything in order to keep my coins? Do I need to decide which coin I want to follow and somehow convert my coins to that currency? (if it's 2x)
Also, is there a possibility that if this fork goes awfully wrong, the value of the bitcoin will be severely negatively affected?
Any elucidations on the above will be greatly appreciated. I want to make an investment and I'm aware of certain risks involved but I want to make sure I'm making an informed decision and not simply throwing money away because of some impending market/security disaster I can easily avoid.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:19:51
I have a paper wallet for about a year now with which I used to buy stuff on the black market. I use it as a currency in that sense but I'm aware I'm not using it as a REAL currency as I'm not getting a haircut with it because I can't, especially where I live (Romania).
And yes, I want to make a larger investment in it, but it didn't occur to me that I'm actually aiding in preventing the currency from becoming what I sincerely want it to be, a currency. It makes sense. Thanks for pointing that out. 
I would like to spend it in the future without checking to see what the price of what I'm trying to buy is in other, more stable currencies.
I have a lot of belief in this technology but now that you mention all of this, its future seems pretty gloomy, judging by this very high volatility and what people in the community are saying/doing about it and with it.
I guess it would be useful if we had active proponents preaching about the technology and what it can offer to everyday people for everyday stuff.
@_date: 2017-10-30 22:35:02
I’m already doing that. Part of that research is asking random people on the internet as well because in the past I have often found most valuable insight from really unexpected places/people, so I’m poking every chance I get, so to speak. But I appreciate your advice, thank you.
@_date: 2017-10-30 10:49:35
So what should I do with my 10k and growing dollars I was thinking about just keeping in my back account? (I live in Europe and work for a guy in US who's sending me sweet dollars)