@_author: snurt
@_date: 2018-07-29 23:01:58
I love it - you are totally bought in to the propaganda.  Makes me optimistic I can start my own cult or left-wing authoritarian party like today's GOP.  Can you please give me your email so I can send you come-ons for stealing from you just like the current administration does?
First, Trump lies 6-8 times a day, every day, publicly, so why would you possibly believe him about "no tariffs" when he has actually put in place TARIFFS?  Look at what he does, not what he says, like you would with any other pathological liar.  Tariffs you pay for out of your own pocket just like any other TAX - cause that's what a tariff is, a tax on YOU.  Second, can you please be detailed on these "massive tariffs" from other countries?  No, you can't, because they don't exist other than as a fever dream by Trump.  They are tiny as anyone who looks at the REAL data knows, as opposed to listening to sucky propaganda channels like Fox.  Only places with "massive tariffs" are nutjob left wing authoritarian places like Brazil, Turkey, Venezuela and...the US since Trump took over.  
Pretty much every REAL conservative HATES the socialist policies of Trump and his gang.  We want economic growth and makers to be rewarded, not takers to be able to chisel at what we create for the country like this corrupt administration and their fellow travelers are doing with their idiocy.
Your support for this socialist administration is just you cutting your own throat and surrendering to enemies like the Russians.  
@_date: 2018-07-29 21:10:09
HAHAHAHA.  You think a nutcase klepto like corrupt-o-rama Donald, an economic ignoramus - mercantilism anyone? -  who is a paid agent for the Soviets us going to save you from "authoritarian leftists"?  That's hilarious!  He's the "authoritarian leftist" you are terrified of, look at all the socialist moves he's pulling like crazy-ass tariffs or trying to dictate to private corporations how they should allocate their capital.  You got any more richly developed wacky fantasies to share with us?