@_author: sobehax
@_date: 2013-06-01 22:51:29
There (is/was) a company called Whispersystems that makes security products.  I think they are/were working on an app called Whispercore that did full disk encryption.  I think they were bought by twitter and I don't know what happened with them after that.
@_date: 2013-06-05 12:28:16
This is a valid concern, which is why you should keep a backup of the private key associated with the wallet app for that phone somewhere offsite at least.  So if the phone ever fails then you can recover the coins with the private key.
@_date: 2013-06-08 22:29:46
I'm going to have to disagree with you.  It's not hard to get them just expensive.  As long as you live in a big city you can find 10 or so ppl (maybe more if you live in Austin SF NYC or somewhere with lots of tech savvy ppl) who will meet you and sell you some for a modest fee.  Also this method is far less traceable if you're worried about privacy.  Also sometimes cities will have Bitcoin user groups with avid supporters who might even sell you some bitcoin for cash at market cost just to help 'evangelize' it.
You can at least buy enough this way for some pocket change (up to $100 or so)  Anymore than that and you probably WANT the protection that comes with slower transfers.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:32:58
I've heard ppl on xda-developers.net use the term soft-brick and hard-brick.  Hard-brick is usually unrecoverable.  I also think it's a bit confusing.
@_date: 2013-06-08 22:48:18
I have to disagree with you on the hoarding.  It is bad for bitcoin because while those horded coins will inevitably be dispersed during periods of panic or downturn, this will only further exacerbate the price volatility and continue to keep merchants (that don't want to pay fees to ANY middle man, CC company, Bitpay or otherwise) away from Bitcoin.  And if there is one thing that Bitcoin badly needs now to continue expanding, its an influx of many new merchants, NOT more speculators and hoarders.  And while bitcoin needs merchants, they don't need it (they're perfectly willing to stay with USD if need be), so must entice them with promises of lower fees as well as fraud protection.  But they will not be willing to lose price stability to gain those things.
I know... because it's exactly what's keeping me from accepting them in my business.  Once I see more price stability in BTC, I will accept it (w/o Bitpay in my pockets), until then, it's the sidelines for me.
@_date: 2013-05-20 20:29:53
You don't need them.
Anyone can use a smartphone if they wish, you just increase somewhat the risk of having stolen bitcoins.  But like everything in the computer security field, it's really a risk assessment of the tradeoffs.  Basically the question is: is my convenience of using a smartphone worth the possible lost of bitcoin, and what is that likelihood based on the other apps I run/is my phone rooted/etc?
There are however some things you can do to have your cake an eat it too (kinda).  Like use a cold store (hardware wallet/other offline device/whatever your fancy) for most of your money and only transfer what you think you will use for that day or week to the phone.  I keep no more than $25 in BTC on my phone (rooted/and ROM'ed with a rom I have NOT reviewed EVERY LINE of the source code too *GASP*), if I need more I transfer to it as needed.  If I receive too much, I transfer the surplus off to elsewhere within minutes.  It's VERY unlikely that you will be somewhere and NEED to spend more than $25 bitcoin but NOT have access to your computer or web wallet.  Then if (worse case) you're hacked and someone steal's it from you, you just found out you were compromised, can fix it easily, and it cost you very little to know that (considering what you could have lost).  Think of it as payment for someone pentesting you.  :)
Just as keeping your bitcoins spread in multiple wallets is becoming a "industry best practice" (sorry for the marketing buzzword) so is keeping very little in your phone at an given time.
Nonetheless, if you REALLY must secure at all costs, here's an excellent set of tips on how to REALLY secure your bitcoins from another pro (or at least a great way for us sec pros to laugh at ultra paranoid tinfoil hatters):
TL:DR = Nothing is unhackable... comp sec is risk assessment (as is life, deal with it)!
@_date: 2013-06-01 21:59:39
You are wise to trust unrooted more than rooted.  If only those of us with Verizon but want Google wallet to work, or tethering with our grandfathered unlim data plans, or need this rooted app to work, or need that rooted functionality, etc...  didn't need to root, then we would all be in a better place securitywise.  Unfortunately, the world isn't perfect and Verizon isn't a benevolent company that doesn't ~~try too~~ force monopolistic practices on their customers.
@_date: 2013-05-16 18:01:47
They also take Bitcoin as payment as well as have talks about it.
@_date: 2013-05-25 00:58:12
It is interesting how this does seem to fly in the face of conventional economic thought.  But one thing to consider is, would the spending still increase massively if all the spenders thought that it would continue increasing in (at least) the immediate future?  Or were the spenders simply hoarding (from previous days/weeks/months) until the point they thought they could get max value for it and then all spend at nearly the same time (assuming they all have a general feel for where the short term price ceiling is).
This days destroyed graph tends to strongly suggest the later.  That deflationary currencies are in fact hoarded until the point when a large enough group thinks the price will not continue rising.  This almost immediately turns into a self fulfilling prophecy, causing strong downward price corrections, followed usually by smaller but still big upward recorrections.
At any rate, it's good for Bitcoin the more we are all trading it out there.  It certainly helps to disprove that a finite supply currency can't work long term because too much hoarding will grind it too a halt.
@_date: 2013-06-01 21:55:54
us != most mobilephone users,
us == tech and bitcoin savvy reddit users
@_date: 2013-06-16 02:46:34
Groceries, fast food, gasoline... basically everyday items, not the gimmicky crap I never buy but can already get for Bitcoin now anyway.
And I wanna buy it directly and no have to use Gyft or another middleman either.  I have the only middlemen I need right now, Mastercard and Visa.  I'm not willing to trade those middlemen for other middlemen.  Bitcoin was suppose to free us from all that.
@_date: 2013-05-24 02:06:02
Ahh the internetz... Never before in history has so much talk been devoted to the transfer of one HALF of one cent (or less).  I'm so glad I have devoted this much of my night reading these comments lol.
Pick those nits geeks!
@_date: 2013-05-19 21:56:14
No prob.  It was for me for sure... especially when I forgot to backup!  :D
Lucky for me I take Nandroids about every 2 weeks just in case.
Also if you wanna test on another phone before you do the rerom, you can always take you existing file from phone (via adb push/pull) to a different phone also running Google Auth and login to one of your bitcoin sites and see if it works.
@_date: 2013-05-20 12:36:30


Whatever it is... I'm thinking it's less easy and straight forward than just copying a file.  Google really ought to just build in a way to import and export an encrypted version of that database from one instants of the program on phone to another, instead of a non standard way of backing up things like writing down codes and such.  Even if it isn't that hard to follow those directions, in can certainly be confusing since it's so different than backing up other programs.
As for Titanium, It probably works too I guess.
@_date: 2013-05-19 22:19:24
Lol, not sorry, I had wiped the cache and davlik-cache before the flash so even if it was possible to recover the data from the disk in place, it probably would have required some flash memory recovery tools I didn't have.  But more likely the original data was wiped out when the new ROM overwrote the old.
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:19:26
Not necessarily.  When that day inevitably comes, Gavin Anderson and crew can simply up the default fee on the main program, and very likely the other clients will follow suit.  Then they just sit back and let the "tyrrany of the default" beat down the "tragedy of the commons" (since we're using phrases here).
Of course informed users can always decide to lower their fees from that.  But they are just dooming themselves to longer wait times (since most will leave the setting be) and possibly having transactions never get recorded at all.  Thus they will (grudgingly) be forced to go higher to match everyone else... miners stay happy... life for bitcoin moves on.
When Bitcoin needs it most, Gavin's crew can be amazingly "persuasive" at gently nudging (ie violently shoving) Bitcoin in the direction they need it to go so it can survive.  ;)
Ironically the biggest effect I think this will have is to further discourage micro-transactions since those will be charged a higher percentage of their overall amount in fees.
@_date: 2013-06-01 22:14:19
Good points there.  I kinda am hoping to keep the best practices to something that most regular users would be willing to do.  I think the full disk enc for the phone might be a bit over the top for most, but the idea of keeping adb off and phone pin locked isn't bad.  I'll add that one.
@_date: 2013-06-03 01:51:11
Cheapest way:
* Using your own wallet app on a phone or tablet and calculate the correct amount of tax based on your states laws.
* Then send your bitcoins to your BitStamp/CampBX (or other online exchange of your choice) account where you can sell them for USD
* Finally get your money ACH'ed to your bank (via wire transfer/Dwolla or other means).
Easiest way:
Use a payment processor like Bitpay (it automates all this for you for a fee comparable to what a credit card company would charge).
Another thing to watch out for if NOT using a payment processor is you have no protection from volatility.  But that's becoming a bit less of a problem these days with the price settling down and not jumping everywhere.
@_date: 2013-06-15 16:09:47
I get all my bitcoins from a friend of mine who is a miner.  He bought/mined all of his back when they were around $20-$30 and so only charges me fair market price.  I realize how lucky I am, but also realize how all this, everyone wanting their cut, is slowly strangling bitcoin by not letting newbies in without steep fees.  Some accept that, but most just turn away in disgust and call it a ponzi scheme (and from some of their points of view it might as well be).  I'm hoping in the future, bitcoin meetups in cities arount the US can organize groups of people who will buy/sell/trade bitcoins at fair price with others to undercut those selling on localbitcoin.com for extortion percentages or fees.
@_date: 2013-05-19 22:22:24
Think of it as sort of a Ghost image (or VMware snapshot if you want) of your phone.  Learning how to take and restore from one of those is the first thing to learn if you wanna start messing with your phones software/OS.  Mess enough and you will 'brick it' (render it unbootable).  Fortunately, it's very easy to 'unbrick' (reinstall OS) an Android in nearly all cases, if you take the time to read directions online of how to do it.