@_author: socialprepper
@_date: 2014-05-21 06:16:02
Political Bitcoin fundraising using 501verify.com or the Facebookapp 'Bitcoin'.. :)
@_date: 2014-05-21 16:52:58
Thanks for asking .

The posting features work. Allowing users to post/edit/delete fundraising efforts and sharing those post to Facebook , Twitter and LinkedIn. Some of the fundraising post are private and some are publically listed.
Submit post  

View listings to donate 

Most users are scanning the users qrcode to donate to fundraising post that have been submitted. Those listings are grouped via categories such as religious or medical for example.
We do not handle the donation , but list the payment information the organization/person submits as their method of accepting donations. 


The 'donate to any 501 approved non profit'  feature that is not ready yet is the feature that allows users to donate to any of our 1.3 million IRS approved non profits , as we are working on the testing that feature with delivery of receipt. 




Hope that helps and again thank you again for asking. 
Let me know if we can help answer any other questions you may have.


@_date: 2014-04-25 19:45:19
Submit a free post it on  or 
The platform can  even help with tax exempt fundraising  
A new bitcoin fundraising platform.
@_date: 2014-05-21 06:36:53
Just launched 501verify in beta currently, 501verify.com as it is also powering the bitcoin facebook app. "Bitcoin" . . it has over 6 k users after being live for only a few months.
The links are to organizations we support.
It requires logging into Facebook to use.

We verify those organizations that are have 501 status with IRS.
Those organizations go through a vetting process .Once they are verified to be IRS approved to accept tax deductible donations .We place a verification seal next to their post. This re assures donors that the post is submitted by a valid organization such as a 501(c)3.

Of course , others can just scan the qrcode and donate if the wish. Fundraising particpants may opt to share their listing to their feed,  their friend , Twitter or LinkedIn.

Soon ( being tested now ) a donor will be able to go to   and choose from 1.3 million organizations to send a instant donation to and receive a receipt for their purposes such as tax deductions.

We are looking for a designer to improve the user experience.

Thanks for your input as it will help us improve it !
It has been developed/bootstrapped with no funding.
We hope it helps organizations with their fundraising campaigns as we will be striving to improve it we grow.

Input and suggestions are welcome. thanks !




@_date: 2014-06-06 06:10:41
Its is just the beginning for Bitcoin.

PACs may accept Bitcoin donations up to $100 worth with the use of one-time linked addresses that are provided to the potential donor after “best efforts” to verify their donor eligibility. 

Our platform keeps PAC's fundraising campaigns compliant with the Federal Elections Commission. Another great feature of 501Verify is charities can fundraise for free.

@_date: 2014-02-09 06:19:35
Yes, They also have distributors planning to launch a few hundred Playcoin Kiosk over the next few months. Playcoin is also leasing banner ad space of their kiosk to approved companies that accept Bitcoin or is a Bitcoin company. All local business that accept bitcoin are welcome to advertise , you may contact Playcoin @ the bottom of their website , http:playcoinentertainment.com . They are accepting preorders for ATMs as well . Pricing begins at 10K for the basic model.
Playcoin is also leasing banner ad space of their ATM/kiosk to approved companies that accept Bitcoin or is a Bitcoin company. 
All local business that accept bitcoin are welcome to advertise , you may contact Playcoin @ the bottom of their website ,
  .
 They are accepting pre orders for ATMs as well .
 ATMs already scheduled to launch in China and Central/South America 
Yes, it includes a Playcoin POS system called Bitplayer for users to order or rent digital entertainment. Playcoin is excited to be preparing our launch in China to include Macau area .
@_date: 2014-02-01 05:44:55
    Just visit  or   for updates on Kiosks as well as upcoming pictures. 
Submit distributor request online as well for more details or questions you may have.
@_date: 2014-05-21 05:44:55
The company name is Playcoin Entertainment. 
LinkedIn is 
We don't not handle the funds that are donated to posted campaigns. We vet the non profits for tax deductible donations with over 1.3 million non profits in our system.Anyone can post a fundraising campaign listing. We charge nonprofits a fee for us to make sure they are verified 501with IRS for tax deductible donations. 
email kevin[ for further details :)
@_date: 2014-06-04 06:29:07
The Facebook app 'Bitcoin .  has up since the end of last year. we average over 1k a month in new users. We created the presence outside of the Facebook  environment to expand the platform. 
At that time is was featuring a funding post area to share to social networks.

After we expanded outside of the Facebook platform into a web presence we call 501verify.com .We developed a system that would constantly query all the IRS registered 501(c)(3) organisations and verify their status to receive tax deductible donations. Being that the blockchain offers open source transparency  , we use that as one of many methods to enable donors may donate bitcoin to over 1.3 million nonprofits in our system. The donor receives receipt for tax purposes and the organization receives their donation. We are working on videos and such to help with learning the platform. We are completely legal and with in regulations. We have retained the top legal experts in the bitcoin industry to make sure of it. 

This platform is one products that Playcoin offers. The other is the BitPlayer ( bitcoin enabled ppv and ondemand) . Which we have partnerships with companies like Brightcove.com and Mindpix to integrate our product into their CDN .  

I programmed the platform myself , I am a 45 year old honorably discharge veteran that has been programming for almost 2 decades. We have a few job listings on coinality for marketing , design and programming positions. We have interviews all week. 

So if you would be so kind as to give us ideas to improve the platform , we would be glad to have your input. Send it to kevin As for my typing , coffee only does so much when your boot strapping a startup. We just hope that some donations can help our Veterans as they start posting the stories . 

We will be publishing a press release very shortly 
( I have a candidate that I have found perfect for the job to compile it , coinality is amazing ! ) . 

Thanks for your honest perception , and email me ways we can improve the platform so you would recommend it to others . 
More about myself @ 
Thanks !

@_date: 2014-05-21 05:10:02
Check out the bitcoin fundraising app in Facebook called 'Bitcoin'.   or it's sister website 501verify.com  . Share with Twitter and Linkedin, your wall and send to friends in Facebook. Hope it helps your fundraising needs  :)
@_date: 2014-05-21 14:51:16
Being that we have 6 k users testing and using the platform in a matter of a few months , we realize that this platform is a very useful tool for those raising funds to include bitcoin.
message us with any connects or request to improve your experience as we serve the communities fundraising sectors.

Thanks again and hopefully wellness, political , and all other organizations can benefit from this platform.

Help us spread bitcoin fundraising and adoption to communities that really need it :)
@_date: 2013-08-18 06:54:15
check out 
The facebook app 'bitcoin'.
Receive donations by having your BTC qrcode posted on your wall and your friend's feed.
Friends can scan the qrcode and send btc from their mobile btc app, plus share the btc post in their feed with their friends. 
NO middle man , secure safe and private. Great for FUndraising, donations and crowdfunding. 
Remember , now that the Fed Judge considers btc a currency , U.S. gov agencies can regulate anyone that receives btc , takes their fee and send the btc to the intended receiver of the btc. They are considered - Money Transmitters like exchanges. Regulation he**. 
@_date: 2013-08-18 06:44:10
Not really the same thing. Now that BTC is considered legally money by Fed Judge , BTC regulations will kick in as we have already seen begin. Any organization that passes or transmits currency is considered a money transmitter and will be regulated almost like a bank..like exchanges for example. If some one acts as a middle man handling a btc transaction , in the U.S. will be considered a money transmitter and regulated by SEC and other regulatory depts. 
The app  allows not only a organization to be listed to receive BTC from anyone that is listed in the app , but also allow the user to post the user's lsiting with BTC Qrcode on their wall to be scanned by a bitcoin app and receive btc.Of course the posting is seen by friend's news feed and can be shared to others.
We do not utilize exchanges as our mission is to bring awareness of BitCoin to Facebook users and allow them to donate to a cause if they choose. Friends can scan the Qrcode in their news feed or in the listing within the facebook app using their bitcoin app to read the qrcode and send. 
We do not handle or transmit the BTC when the btc qrcode is scanned.
This is most secure and cheapest way to send btc for donations, fundraising or crowdfunding.
Thus we do not have to worry about the feds or regulation of money transfer , etc. we can just help enable users post their btc info to accept donations in the easiest form..scan btc qrcode with app and let the app send btc. Safe , secure and cheap. NO MIDDLE MAN. No Hacked networks , No electronic transmission of currency to be regulated. Just happy users of the app. 
That is the apps goal. btc awareness , not profit. :)
 