@_author: socialnjustiswareor
@_date: 2018-05-03 19:49:19
Still more valuable than BTRASH 
@_date: 2018-07-24 19:44:25
I love bitcoin, and I think it has a great future ahead.  I just don’t really understand posts like this.  There isn’t any reason to celebrate.  Crypto isn’t like pro sports or something.  Why are people treating it as such?  We all know how quickly things can change.  Getting “emotionally” attached to a coin is not a good thing.  I know that a lot of the guys/gals who have been around for a long time (well before last years crazy bull run) support and cheer for bitcoin because of what it can do, not because of what it is worth.  There is nothing wrong with that; you believe in a technology and are happy to see it becoming a reality.  I’m totally with you, as I’ve been involved with BTC for 6 years now.  Back then, I was only buying bitcoin because of what it could do, not as an investment.
The thing is that this space is now full of people who could care less about true financial freedom, they just want to make money.  We all hate “shills” (especially those who are named R. Ver, wait, that’s too obvious, I meant Roger V.), but to be honest, this post is technically shilling.  Bitcoin is currently the best crypto for buying and selling things (at least that is my opinion).  If you believe that as well, why would you feel like you have to post something like this?  (No offense OP, I’m just using your post as an example. ). 
I don’t know what it is about it, but “rooting” for an asset like it is your favorite football team just doesn’t make sense to me.  
@_date: 2018-07-24 21:23:24
I get where you are coming from.  It’s perfectly fine to support a legitimate currency (especially bitcoin as it is the gold standard).  I just think that this type of post can be misinterpreted, and result in people being skeptical about bitcoin.  I guess I feel like we should let the coin speak for itself, as it is what got us to where we are.  Again, please don’t take this personally, but I think that this kind of thing is almost like stooping to the level of the cryptos who claim to be the next big thing (but in reality are just cash grabs).  
It also bothers me when people say “this will be the next Bitcoin.”  How the fuck can something new be better at “being bitcoin?”  It’s like saying “that quarterback is going to be the next Tom Brady” while Tom Brady is still playing like he’s in his prime.  It’s an idiotic statement.  
With you being an experienced member of the crypto world, it’s your responsibility to ensure that the community stays on the right course and focus on maintaining the original concept behind bitcoin and how it can change the world for the better.  Fanaticism and cheering for/against specific coins could paint the wrong picture for people who are just entering the space (or those who will enter in the future), and could be detrimental to the integration of crypto into the average person’s life.
Of course we have to expose the scams and identity the legitimate projects so new adopters don’t get screwed and abandon the crypto world, but I think it has to be done in a way that is unbiased and objective.  Displaying an emotional attachment and/or blatantly rooting for a specific coin(s) is the opposite of that.
Please don’t take my comments personally.  I agree with you about bitcoin being in a league of its own; I just think that we need to be more careful about how we show out support for the coins we believe in.  If bitcoin was 3rd on the list of coins by market cap, I would still feel the same way I do about it being the best crypto currency.  A list is just that, a list.  It’s always bothered me when people say “my coin moves up to   People are more concerned with price and position than fundamentals and potential.  It our job as experienced adopters to eradicate that kind of thinking, or at least try.  Your post isn’t “bad”, I just think it might be sending the wrong message to beginners/outsiders.
@_date: 2018-04-03 19:33:23
Exactly what I was thinking; still good for bitcoin though 