@_author: sockpuppet2001
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:20:30
Hitting this pain when things are small means Bitcoin stays small forever, unless you later change the block size in an FFM... 


the market - suddenly new supply is magically brought online, and a minor
Economic Change Event occurs.
More generally, the post-Fee-Event next step has not been agreed upon.  Is it flexcap?  This key "step  is just barely at whiteboard stage.
So choosing to hit this pain when things are small just creates a second problem down the track. What are the core-dev's plans for step 
@_date: 2015-06-29 14:09:11
Is purse.io really working the way he describes now, or are those discounts still coming from people scamming Amazon with stolen credit cards?
Can I use purse.io without being involved in fraud?
Edit: They claim [75%]( of payments come from liquidating giftcards, so at least 75% is legit, but it's still unclear to me whether only using items shipped by amazon guarentees you avoid fraud?
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:40:56
Damn, now I don't know whether to upvote you or downvote you, but yes, switching to sort by Best restored my faith in the people that still suffer the m0d dictat0rship here.
PSA: append "?sort=confidence" to urls when linking threads.
@_date: 2015-12-17 21:22:18
The sub wasn't censored because the community was turning toxic, it was censored because the mod had very strong feelings against resolving this particular issue with a fork^[[1]]( . One person being able to censor discussion of a proposed solution using the janitorial fig‐leaf of "altcoin" *on every major bitcoin forum* dialled the toxicity to 11.
You're putting the cart before the horse.
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:27:44


1 MB just happens to be a magic number that creates decentralization? The cost to add a transaction to the decentralized ledger has been dropping as computers and networks get faster.
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:59:14
People on reddit froth at the mouth more than Manchin whenever bitcoin is mentioned, and they don't need a dime from JP Morgan to do it. Does JP Morgan even care?
He probably thinks he's fighting the good fight. 
@_date: 2014-01-08 07:49:38
Yeah, that was his handwaving non-answer I was referring to.
Switching to a system of mining fees would make it an entirely different coin economically, and when i hear "we could just delay building on top of a 'cheating' block", I don't hear a solution to the conceptual problem PoS mining suffers from, I hear a proposal that's hard for me to evaluate without details, to fix one predicted symptom from the conceptual problem.
What determines a block as "cheating"? If the cheating block doesn't make it into the consensus history (the blockchain) then how are you going to penalise its stake? In a decentralised network, not all the nodes will know or agree about details outside of the blockchain.
Peercoin isn't useful yet - by buying it we're making a bet on its future, but there's no damn details (without learning the code)! I love the idea, but people have already explained why they couldn't find a way to make PoS work, and peercoin's response is 8 words - "delay building on top of a 'cheating' block"? 
(though still a better bet than the state lottery)
@_date: 2014-01-22 15:20:56
The person receiving payment needs to check the funded value of the coins they are handed, but the person spending them can use the face value. 
For small-denomination coins, I know *I* will be funding them with the face value - it completes the coin, allowing you to build a total the same way we're used to with fiat coins.
(Not sure I'll be putting 100 mBtc on the contribution-perk coins though)
@_date: 2014-02-10 11:29:42
I think in the example where you access the bank account from overseas, the bank always declares it for you - which is why you only have to declare when it's cash.
A legislative possibility is they say all bitcoin is always considered "overseas", so the requirement to declare kicks in whenever you try to buy more than 10k of bitcoin from an overseas seller.
That's a nice tidy way to make bitcoin fit into the existing legislative landscape, but I don't know whether it would fulfil the original purpose of the declaration requirement.
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:40:05
Your MV=PY argument assumes bitcoin is the entire available money supply, bitcoin + altcoins make up a fraction of the economy's M.
Edit: which perhaps could be stated as bitcoin is only ever chasing a fraction of the economy's Y. The bitcoin economy could stop growning once it's saturated the subset of markets it is suited to.
And the club of rome limits to growth predictions continue to be on track: [Turner compared real-world data from 1970 to 2000 with the business-as-usual scenario. He found the predictions nearly matched the facts](
@_date: 2014-03-17 12:57:31
Very interesting. I didn't know about Gridcoin, but have to admit I'm a little skeptical since PoW-for-blockchain-security shouldn't be useful - by design. I will have to read more.
Edit: Found a more detailed description:


subsidy from 6-150 depending on how high your boinc utilization is. For example, if you
are using 75% of your processor over the average sample duration, and running a few
threads that take up some memory, your score may approach 90. This would yield a 1.5*
subsidy, or 135 GRC. Full boinc utilization of 100 yields 150. You can see the current
boinc utilization by going into the mining console from gridcoin-qt and looking for the
BOINC utilization level. 
So individual miners can effectively choose to exchange some of Gridcoin's blockchain-security for BOINC work, and still recieve a similiar mining reward.
@_date: 2014-02-04 04:14:40
I didn't miss your point - it's why I said "just for fun" communities aren't as good for fostering innovation.


BIP-22/23 (pools don't dictate the block, prevents 51% attack), BIP-70 (user-friendly transactions), P2Pool etc. There will be [heaps more]( but I haven't followed the protocol stuff much.


Twiddling variables in the Bitcoin code to make a coin different and then rationalizing why the new values make sense afterwards isn't innovation, but when innovative alts come along (and they do) then your points will apply to those coins and the communities. I can think of at least 3 cryptocurrency niches that Bitcoin isn't suitable for, but then neither are copycoins like Doge.
It's a truism that the community is technically where innovation comes from, but the history and nature of the coin plays a role in the kind of community it has. People in the thread you replied to weren't discussing a community arising around a genuine innovative altcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-04 03:02:20


I only come here for the innovation - it's what keeps bitcoin news interesting.
Trezor, Piperwallet, stealth addresses, BIP-70 (heck, any BIP), Numisalis NFC coins, darkwallets, Robocoin, Lamassu, coinjoin etc. 
I swear some cool new thing gets invented every week.
If you want to learn about cryptocurrency then Dogecoin is great, and hands-on, but copying the bitcointip bot is not innovation. A community that doesn't take itself seriously is fun, but doesn't innovate. After you've mastered the basics, all the interesting stuff is happening over in bitcoin land. 
And the Dogecoin "just for fun" thing seems to be stretching thin too, read - half the commenters now are in it for the hope there's lots of money at the end. Some fun is still there, but the "friendly community" is starting to *feel* more like what we've seen before with other alts. The more serious they get, the less appealing Dogecoin is as the quirky new introduction to cryptocurrencies or as a fun/friendly way of tipping over the internet. 
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:56:20


If Ulbricht manages to win, American citizens win too.
(it's a mighty big "if")
@_date: 2014-02-10 12:14:31
MtGox is using a transaction ID number to keep track of transactions, but the number isn't always preserved with the transaction, and it's been [known since May 2011]( that this number isn't *yet*  reliable.
Reliance on this ID is causing their problems, and in the press release they pretend the issue is some bitcoin problem they've discovered rather than their custom software lacking the currently required and documented workaround that they were even nagged about.
@_date: 2014-01-08 09:42:05
That potential problem in BTC is already being headed off (e.g. [P2Pool]( [Getblocktemplate]( etc), in contrast to the one in PPC which *feels* like it's brushed under the rug. I prefer the head-it-off early approach.
But you raise an excellent point, there's plenty of risk either way. I guess I don't mind missing the PPC boat, if it's seaworthy its price should only rise to 100x an acceptable transaction cost, and I can jump back in after getting a good explanation of how PoS is going to be robust. I'll be keeping an eye on it.
@_date: 2014-08-28 04:35:46
Nah, your mom shouldn't even have to know about bitcoin addresses, and this is the plan with BIP70 - the "payment protocol".
[Introduction to BIP70](
Once this and cheap malware-proof wallets (like Trezor, but cheaper) are ubiquitous, then Bitcoin will be just about ready for the general population.
@_date: 2014-01-30 22:56:39
The coin has to be opened to spend the value, you can tell from looking at them whether the private key has been accessed, and NFC lets you know the coin is real.
@_date: 2014-02-19 06:37:38
[He's doing both](
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:17:16


Yeah, I sold most of mine and won't be buying more until this PoS tragedy of the commons problem is seriously addressed. I'm unconvinced by the handwaving platitude of "if it becomes a problem then we'll think of something" - this problem is conceptual, not an implementation detail to be adjusted later.
But I applaud peercoin for attempting something genuine, and hope workable solutions exist. By trying, ppc may bring new insights.
@_date: 2014-01-12 12:13:05
Depends how much money you're talking, for life savings I'd agree with your bank solution. Normal banks don't offer insured bitcoin accounts yet, but [a bitcoin vault underwritten by Lloyds]( is already available ([and another]( and hopefully they'll get cheaper with competition and a good track-record.
Keeping a Trezor at home would be fine for smaller amounts, and simple.
@_date: 2014-01-14 12:12:39
The whales who haven't already sold/diversified will only get to unload those bitcoins *once* - being an early adopter doesn't grant you a privileged supply of more bitcoins, obtaining more will cost them what it costs everyone else.
When you look at what bankers in the existing system cream off the economy *every year*, the bitcoin whales look like tiny temporary "one-hit wonders".
@_date: 2014-01-07 06:21:40


Physical bitcoin works outside the city, it doesn't need an internet connection or phone line and is as fast as exchanging cash. The bartender question was an example of where conventional bitcoin can't compete against a physical cash due to speed and convenience.


[Existing attempts]( have the public key hidden inside such that the coin has to be damaged to retrieve it. For this method to become viable as cash, the cost to extract the key without leaving obvious damage (or to make counterfeits) should be higher than the backed value of the coin. The physical-bitcoins can then be spent like cash or redeemed for their face value by opening them.
Other possibilities could involve trusted issuers of physical notes who will redeem upon request, but this option seems distasteful - much more trust involved and it would compete against government cash at a disadvantage, with no real recourse against counterfeiters available beyond copyright laws.
Perhaps someone will come up with something clever involving multisignatures or scripts etc, but I'm guessing the simplest safest system will be small denomination amounts with the private key obtainable by a process which destroys the note.
Edit: [clever wood idea]( [small denomination NFC coins](
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:23:49
You could "melt" it down to make [coloured coins](
@_date: 2014-01-26 04:35:47


that's good.
People won't realise all implications of "decentralized", because of the internet they may just think it means the global asset register will survive a nuclear attack.




"uncontrollable" might scare people away, but is part of the irreducible core.
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:22:26
Gold shows that a deflationary medium of exchange need not be "doomed to a deflationary spiral", so the question becomes what's different about Bitcoin that dooms it to a deflationary spiral.
Different people give different answers, but those answers illustrate the qualifiers that need to be attached to any claims of bitcoin and deflationary spirals.
@_date: 2014-01-22 15:38:26
I should add that my claims and opinions about Numisalis coins are in no way official, but Jake has posted often, so you can get it straight from the horse's mouth:
* **[Original annoucement and description](
* [Got a call from Paypal this morning about my Bitcoin related Indiegogo campaign...Not horrible!](
* [Casascius planning to start selling coins again!](
* [Bitcoin Forum - Numisalis: Physical Tradable Bitcoin](
@_date: 2014-01-22 15:05:36
The coins are sold with unfunded addresses, which avoids the legal trouble. Casascius [is also switching to the unfunded coin model]( for the same reason.
Normally the unfunded coin model would suck, but due to the rfid tag, Numisalis coins can have their balance instantly confirmed wirelessly using an app on your phone. I believe the rfid tag also allows you to verify which mint produced the coin (but he hasn't gone into technical detail about NFC verification).
@_date: 2014-01-22 07:48:11


No, which is why the article is misguided, or a beat-up:






-- [source](
@_date: 2014-07-16 12:34:22
Long rambling backstory:
Most of the world doesn't live in the United States, and your home country doesn't have to get very small before most online shopping happens in overseas stores. I'm in this situation, and it's normal here to shop online overseas. However, a huge chunk of the market is walled off because credit cards are so insecure that many merchants refuse to accept payments from overseas credit cards.
I found the link (a Google search returning 1.7 million hits - most of which appear to be stores walled off) while trying to provide some sort of evidence that I wasn't inventing this problem, as I have a feeling some of the vocal types claiming Bitcoin is pointless live in America, earn US dollars, shop online at US stores such as Amazon and ebay etc, and can't fathom why any normal person would want bitcoin over a credit card which has never failed them.
But keep the use-case in perspective: If I really want it, with some searching I can usually find another store that will sell it. It's also not so bad these days as I've built up a good idea of which sites to go to to get most stuff (I imagine that's true for most people). [The credit card companies are working on it]( and I get the impression Western Union in this country is actually becoming usable and cheap (perhaps - I should look into it - I've always ignored it so don't even know whether walled off stores are offering it). WU wouldn't be as easy as sending bitcoins though.
@_date: 2014-01-03 04:43:00
Bitcoin needn't be limited to electronic transactions. Physical bitcoin allows it the advantages and disadvantages of cash - allows it to move into niches monopolized by cash fiat.
Don't be put off by existing physical bitcoins being too much like novelty collectables. The security needs some improving, and the minting has to be cheap enough that the cost of notes/coins are close to the bitcoin backing value, but after that happens a new door is opened for bitcoin.
Off-blockchain transactions also aid in Bitcoin's scalability and privacy.
(Not really directed to OP, since physical bitcoin isn't mature yet, I'm just suggesting readers stop deriding the idea of physical bitcoin)
@_date: 2014-07-14 04:25:32
Probably worth getting a laser printer too - if you plug a Mycelium entropy into an inkject then the bitcoins dissolve if they touch water.
I left a piper-printed wallet in water overnight and can confirm both ink and paper were fine.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:44:12


Perhaps the exchange could provide two totals, "Reserves" and "loaned coins". 
* All customer accounts list how many coins are kept in full reserve, and prove those coins are part of the exchange's reserve total.
* Customers who have allowed coins to be lent would see that some of their coins are proven to be in the "loaned coins" total, and are not in the "Reserves" total. The customer cannot withdraw these coins until the loan expires.
* The exchange proves it holds the entire reserve total, and with a seperate set of bitcoin addresses it shows how many of the loaned coins can be covered by coins still in borrower accounts.
People who have loaned coins accept the risk and reward for doing so, but know that only the coins they allowed to be moved into the "loaned coins" column are at risk.
In addition the loaned coins total vs how many of them can be covered by borrower account balances on the exchange might be some more market data.
I don't know, it's late, I should be asleep.
@_date: 2014-01-12 11:26:39
* [Trezor]( should eliminate security problems for average users.
* [Piperwallet]( is already available and makes secure offline paperwallets as simple as pushing a button, but this still requires a user who's willing and able to understand paper wallets - a complexity I hope bitcoin won't require of casual users in the future.
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:44:34
Couldn't the "consortium of good miners" requirement be avoided with a two-step process.
After Bitcoin protocol and software is updated:
* Wallets post intermediate transactions to the blockchain, which sign a new destination address using the private key of the source address, but do not reveal the public key, so the transaction does not [yet] prove it was signed by the owner of the source address.
* after xx confirmations of the intermediate transaction, the wallet can reveal the public key for the source address, and add that to the blockchain. The new Bitcoin protocol moves the coins to the address specified by the earliest correctly signed intermediate transaction.
(obviously the destination address is one made with the new stronger cryptosystem bitcoin is moving to - the two step transaction is only needed for coins that haven't transitioned)
Edit: OK, haven't yet thought of a nice way to get transaction fees in there - it would be good to not have to purchase some newly minted mBtc in order to extract your existing balance. (transaction fee needed to protect blockchain from spamming attack)
Edit2: Yeah, announcing a hash sounds better
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:32:03


That assumes unlimited growth on a finite planet, which is not possible in our current economic system. A steady state currency might sit badly in this young infinite-growth economic system, but it might not be the currency that is broken.
Also, if bitcoin is not the only legal tender there is no reason why prices always have to fall - it's *not even* legal tender.
@_date: 2014-07-16 18:34:02
Just to be clear, no insult to Americans was intended. I mention Americans by name because they have less need of global transactions, and places like Reddit where bitcoin discussions break out tend to be heavily skewed to an American demographic.
It's not like I frequently consider the shopping habits or cross-border relations of people in countries I've never delt with, either.
@_date: 2014-02-08 10:35:06
I'm so split. Amazing work, powerful, but why sexualise the heroine so much? 
The boob jiggle at the end caps it. It summons to mind the worst stereotypes about who bitcoin is for.
@_date: 2014-03-17 12:36:48
It's bitcoin related because the age of ASICs should be a boon for BOINC - just something to think about.
Until I see an altcoin coin that's genuinely worth having lots resources pumped into it, I figure this is a good alternative. Each to their own of course.
Altcoins are a positive thing, but the heavy emphasis on riches tricks people into a new kind of gambling habit disguised as something else, then burns the proceeds on excessive blockchain security.
You could mine coins and be generous with them, like doge - supposedly, but plenty of [BOINC projects]( can take real advantage of all that RAM directly. 
^((Of course if the electricity comes from fossil fuels then it's perhaps not the best idea)^)
Well, looks like some overzealous mod has killed it.
@_date: 2014-02-13 12:00:21
Bitcoin fees don't need to increase, they can decrease.
Bitcoin can handle 7 transactions/second, while VISA processes 10,000 transactions/second. Lets imagine that after 130 years, bitcoin has scaled to where VISA is now - blocks in the year 2140 would each contain about six million transactions (10 minutes × 60 seconds × 10000 transactions per second).
Miners are currently paid 25 btc per block, which is about $20,000, so if blocks contained six million transactions then transaction fees need only be a third of a cent to pay miners $20,000/block without any blockreward - assuming bitcoin became no bigger than VISA is now.
I think 130 years is enough time for computers and networks to advance to point of handling larger blocks ;)
Though of course, 40¢ transaction fees would make an even more secure blockchain.
@_date: 2014-02-08 11:18:52
Love the purple hair :)
And yeah, every movie in the 80s had the obligatory topless scene wedged in somewhere superfluous, but doing that these days (where the plot doesn't require it) makes a movie look silly or cheap.
Edit: And the original wasn't so explicit anyway.
@_date: 2014-06-27 00:08:58
I trust Amazon more than I trust the payment provider.
I get bitten by one but not the other. I'm an international customer, which means delivery time is two weeks if the seller is prompt and everything goes smoothly. Paypal closes my ability to raise a dispute after 40 days (IIRC), so by the time it's clear the seller can't be trusted, it's too late to do anything. It's not as easy as in America to reverse a credit card charge either - they tell you chargebacks are only for when you didn't make the payment (i.e. not for when you got yourself ripped off). I have never been protected by using a credit card.
Last time something from Amazon didn't turn up after 6 weeks they just send another one, then eventually two turned up.
Many stores won't even sell to overseas credit cards.
If you wish to purchase from an american domestic store and you happen to live in America and have american money, then perhaps the advantages of bitcoin are not so great.
@_date: 2014-07-01 14:13:00
And yet the option to fund ProtonMail perks using bitcoin is "email us" and buried where nobody will find it unless they already know about it.
@_date: 2014-01-21 16:24:44


(aminok may know this, but I want it to be clearer to newer readers who may be worried)
The bitcoin address does not provide the public key, so even if the public-private key cryptography is broken, an attacker still cannot obtain the private key to a bitcoin address. To get the private key from an address, both the hashing function *and* the public-private key cryptography would have be broken, both together and without any warning. But hashes don't break that way - the public key is 45 bytes longer than its hash, leaving any attacker with a perfect compromise of the hash still guessing at 360 bits worth of information.
However, if the public-private key cryptography is broken without warning, then it's still problematic - any coins kept in addresses which have been reused become vulnerable to theft (because the public key was revealed by the previous outgoing transactions), likewise any attempt to move coins after the compromise but before the fix might result in those coins being stolen. Reusing addresses is discouraged and your wallet avoids it automatically, but it can be useful so there are sure to be plenty of coins sitting in reused addresses.
@_date: 2014-09-07 02:57:10
Bitcoin Stealth Addresses [use cryptography]( to allow you to publish a single "address" that payments can be made to without anyone else being able to see the transactions to that address, or balance of the address.
They are a recent development so I'm not sure there's any authoritative link, so I'd just point to Google if stealth addresses sound like what you were thinking about.
Zerocoin is another cryptographic technique, but will probably be implemented as a sidechain or altcoin rather than as part of the bitcoin blockchain.
@_date: 2014-01-31 04:29:44
It's a continuous chunk of plastic that has to have a cardboard insert removed from inside it, so the kind of tampering required is going to be obvious to anyone, and the low denominations of each coin put a low ceiling on how much effort you can expend to delicately tamper with each coin (I'm imagining 5 or 10 mBTC at current prices).
If you have a plastics factory, the NFC signature could be resealed inside a newly minted fake coin, but again the low denominations mean this should be a money losing proposition.
The low denominations of Numisalis coins also mean you would not lose much money to such a scam if someone found a way to make it profitable - like cash, you'd only use it for small transactions.
@_date: 2014-02-10 10:01:45
Asking someone to "break a $20" for you (or even a shop handing you change) is tumbling your money in traditional currency - as someone else now has the banknote with your serial number on it, and there's no record of what serial numbered note you now hold. But as you say, the cash was most likely anonymous anyway, so the tumbling is probably incidental rather than your intent.
Edit: Also, regarding use of "laundering", money laundering is the process by which [illegally
obtained funds are given the appearance of having been legitimately obtained]( (and US law uses a similiar definition) - crime is part of the legal definition, but we're on a slippery slope where any sort of financial privacy is starting to be conflated with "laundering". Bitcoiners should avoid doing this, even call people out on it - journalists already have to learn and ask a lot to write articles about bitcoin, if they learn this distinction along the way we may see fewer casual references to bitcoin being used for money laundering. Afaik anonymous transactions are not laundering - unless the money was dirty, and failing to meet banking requirements aimed at reducing money laundering still doesn't make you guilty of 
*laundering* per se, if that makes any sense.
@_date: 2014-08-25 10:41:42
Tell us more. Is that a guess?
[oniontip.donncha.is]( redirects to oniontip.com, so it at least looks to be from [the guy]( who's behind [the github respository](
@_date: 2014-03-13 12:05:31






I doubt that. It takes months to get a reasonable grasp of bitcoin, and nobody is going to waste months learning the fine details of something they've already judged to be a tremendously bad idea that will bite everyone involved.
It's not fear that keeps economists from putting enough research into bitcoin, it's initial assumptions. 
It doesn't help that most of the journalists didn't bother to understand it either.
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:28:26
bitcoin's quantity increases slowly, and gold has a hard limit (though  we will never reach it).


Then perhaps your qualifier would be that bitcoin is doomed to a deflationary spiral if it becomes the only legal tender.
@_date: 2014-08-21 12:08:59
I like the precedent - Maxfieldo has shown that you don't have to be a programmer or well-connected businessman to create new bitcoin products.
@_date: 2014-02-18 22:51:30
[Read what he's already said]( because he knows most of the points being posted by r/bitcoin, it's cost vs benefit where he's often unconvinced.
This is the guy who said:


and 




but also the guy that said


@_date: 2014-07-16 16:17:48
shopandbox.com could be useful, but purse.io [looks super dodgy]( (read the comments) and I assume brawker.com must face similiar issues introduced by the lack of security in credit cards?
Update: [purse.io responded - they're supposedly on it](
@_date: 2014-01-22 13:04:23
The private key is printed on cardstock inside the plastic coin, so it should be safe from x-ray - just a matter of ink.
With effort and access to a plastics factory, a coin could be opened, it's private key swept and its rfid resealed inside a newly minted counterfeit, but the intent is low-denomination coins - eventually with face values equivalent to a few dollars, and that undermines the viability of a counterfiat operation. Plus the counterfeit operation wouldn't be able to source enough funded coins - they can't just purchase them as new coins are empty.
The contribution-perk coins have a high face-value, but I don't think high face-value coins are as useful, or the Numisalis goal.
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:32:07
Not yet, but [Numisalis physical bitcoins]( are designed for commerce (instead of being expensive collectors items). Though it looks like his project is unlikely to meet its funding goal :/
The merchant would need a computer (or cellphone) to confirm the coin's authenticity/value, but wouldn't need a network connection, the occasional USB stick would do - for example, if the merchant hadn't updated the blockchain in a month it would only mean they refuse any coin that had been "minted" in the past month.
[^more ^info](
@_date: 2014-07-16 15:23:11
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:30:39
Or could be a $600m new form of online gambling which keeps playing out over and over indefinitely, because many people drawn into it just can't stop. Sustainable like a casino - "perhaps getting in on this new grumpycoin will get me the returns that would've been mine if I'd cashed out of *blah*coin a little sooner".
@_date: 2014-06-13 06:06:47
It would mean they can change the order transactions are processed in, or delay the confirmation of any transaction they felt like picking on.
So they would have the ability to do a denial of service attack on bitcoin, and the ability to "undo" their own payments by spending their coins a second time and then swapping the order of the transactions (a doublespend).
@_date: 2014-08-20 16:35:02
For a $119 physical memento, couldn't you ~~etch the private key in steel~~ glaze the private key in ceramic or something so it survives a house fire?
I get that securely hoarding bitcoin isn't your intent with this, but with the amount of money going into metal pieces, ~~not etching or engraving the private key~~ not being fireproof seems like a shame.
Great looking design.
Edit: PrivateBooty points out etched metal is a bad idea.
@_date: 2014-01-19 22:22:09
Bitcoin is an uphill slog against constant vitriol and hate - something about it makes doubters become passionate and venomous, and trying to follow Bitcoin while ignoring all the hate/ignorance/ridicule can get wearisome.
It probably wasn't intentional, but Dogecoin disarms those people. It's hard to get worked up and spew serious arguments against a jokecoin that doesn't take itself seriously.
Emotionally I admit it feels like Dogecoin is yet another ridiculing of Bitcoin and another useless alt, and I'm so over both of those things that it's harder for me to fully appreciate the humor, but it seems like Dogecoin is achieving great things (for everyone), whether intentional or not.
Anyone know if Dogecoin implemented scrypt better than Litecoin?
@_date: 2014-08-08 04:53:16
If the past is anything to go by, he'll get to say "I told you so!!" ... more than once.
How many times has the press reported the death of bitcoin now?
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:34:14
This bill makes it "alternative currency", *not* legal tender.
It clarifies existing law to make clear that bitcoin isn't violating it.
Edit: I worded badly, the bill doesn't classify bitcoin as "alternative currency" - it doesn't classify or say anything about bitcoin specifically. The bill places limits on some existing legislation, so the legislation can't be used to prohibit alternative currencies ([see here]( I meant "Not prohibited in California" isn't the same as "legal tender in California"
@_date: 2016-01-15 08:21:05
Wow! That's the best solution I've heard. It solves the problem of there being a "lazy-default" forum that automatically centralizes by new-entrant network effect.
@_date: 2016-01-18 01:32:28
Agreed, but what you're overlooking is that when supply is inelastic - and with block space we're talking an elasticity of zero - prices can swing wildly and unpredictably from small changes in demand.
Right now, natural traffic variance means the block limit is occasionally being brushed up against, and any lingering transactions still get cleaned up during slacker times, but once sustained demand *passes* supply and people have to enter a bidding war to determine who can't move their money, fees are going to get real interesting. The price will go *as high as needed* to force enough people to walk away from bitcoin that there's space for those remaining (demand destruction). 
The questions are... 
* will this economic-change-event start before SegWit relieves the pressure? 
* if so, will it last long enough that those forced out never come back? 
* will Core still be delaying a blocksize raise when demand is approaching the 1MB SegWit limit?
@_date: 2016-01-30 00:54:15
The obsession with 2MB before SegWit instead of 2MB following SegWit is to avoid the ecosystem being destroyed by a hard capacity shortage while the layers OP talks about are still being rolled out. These layers will need the hard fork *anyway*, doing it first avoids risking the existing ecosystem, but makes the rollout riskier. Due to his position, OP is most concerned with smooth elegant rollout, and not the existing ecosystem.  Thus the ecosystem moving over to Classic.
If OP hadn't just posted a false dichotomy with a strawman :( you'd understand why the other side wants an immediate tiny hard-fork.
@_date: 2016-03-06 03:30:27


* The limit becomes a central economic lever regardless of whether core devs intend to use it as such.
* The Core roadmap will remain devisive to the community as long as it retains that economic lever, with a small group effectivily being in control of it. 
Conjecture and conspiracy theories about core's intentions isn't the problem, it's a symptom.
^(*Edit: OK Seems I have to spell it out, the problem is that a lever will exist (whether or not core intends it*)^*)* ^(*, and a small group will effectively be in control of it. Conspiracy theories and distrust of core is a symptom arising from that, rather than being the cause/problem. People sense the playing field unleveling.*)


Good quote, I note the word "users" though, not a tiny unanswerable group. The ruckus with other clients at the moment is users attempting to take that limit out of the hands of a tiny group. 
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:57:53


No, he didn't. As long as the max block size is kept much larger than the bitcoin economy, it doesn't manage or affect the bitcoin economy, it just limits oversized block attacks. Core want to leave the old size limit in place until *the real bitcoin economy* becomes constrained by it, when that happens the hard limit mutates into a lever for managing bitcoin's economic activity. Before they switched to a narritive about consensus and risky hard forks, core developers were expressing interest in having this economic lever and using it (see my previous link), this is why people get nervous when the Core roadmap is all about leaving limits in place that are low enough that "consensus" from core devs is needed to adjust economic activity. An inner circle of core developers is going to become the Alan Greenspan of Bitcoin ^((*edit: regardless of whether this is their intention)^).
Satoshi intended the limit to be raised before the bitcoin economy approached it, see quote above.


I originally wrote "those who would follow in his footsteps", but changed it to "followers" to keep the word count low. I mean he did not forsee the future caretakers wanting to abuse the limit in this way.
I agree the question shouldn't be about what Satoshi would say, but you were suggesting uncertainty about intentions where there isn't any.
@_date: 2016-03-06 07:23:10


You can't add quadratically more transactions, blocks that attack the nodes will be orphaned by the miners.
@_date: 2016-01-20 01:33:17


Would Blockstream really abandon their $21M of VC funding in order to develop on a chain that has no commerce happening on it? They could still be playing hardball/Chicken. Time will tell.
@_date: 2016-03-12 04:00:34
Both "sides" are engaging in disinfo campaigns and panic-mongering, this sub only removes half of it.
The reddit system may be an underlying problem.
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:35:44






The blocksize debate in 3 sentences. He nailed it. 
The spam limit is quietly being repuporsed into a centrally adjustable economic limiter, with good intentions, but without any BIP or consensus.
@_date: 2016-01-19 03:08:46
Oh FFS. The core devs can build SegWit and Lightning Network on a 2MB bitcoin just fine (Classic will pull in Core improvements, and hopefully vice versa), and none of the sky falling predictions about centralization will be caused by such a cap adjustment. 
Guess it really isn't about blocksize, but wanting complete control.
If they do quit then Blockstream will find replacements or lose VC, but I'm going to assume it's a bluff because I think those guys are better than that - and I would hope at least a little personally invested in creating Lightning Network.
@_date: 2016-03-06 07:18:12
The recent spam-flooding was taking advantage of the block limit to clog up the mempool. The attack the block limit protects you from (instead of exposing you to) is different. The CPU difficulty to check a transaction can be made to grow quadratically with transaction size, eventually you can consume more than 10 minutes of CPU in a single block, so a 1MB limit was limiting the amount of CPU such an attack could consume. This has been fixed already by the alt clients, but SegWit will also fix it.
And yes, if the miners all have direct connections, they can keep their orphan rates down. Neither solution is black and white, but we have a few years to solve the node issue.


With no limit it only takes one other miner to reach for the fees those 2 pools are leaving on the table.
@_date: 2016-03-06 06:17:41
There's no secret plan
@_date: 2016-03-12 03:10:21
Toned it down or run out of targets? Ideology bans aren't the only problem here, the automod bot is shadow-hiding any comments containing links or phrases suggestive of wrongthink. Sometimes I can't even guess what tripped it and caused a post to be shadow-hidden. It gets annoying having to log out every time you post a comment here.
@_date: 2016-03-07 05:02:15


Because the network has to be ready to propagate blocks larger than 1MB before trying to initiate a switch, and extra classic nodes defang the DDOS attacks.
@_date: 2016-03-06 06:30:52
It doesn't matter if it's not Core's reasoning - they don't have to be nefariously plotting anything, the problem is that if nothing is done then the lever will come into existance *whether or not core intends it*, and a small group will effectively be in control.
People sense the playing field unleveling. In some this manifests as conspiracy theories, but those are just a symptom of the problem.


There are plenty of good reasons for the Core roadmap, so yes, the lever is not necessarily the reasoning. However, lets not pretend several core developers haven't made statements supportive of using the lever. That doesn't mean it's the reason the Core roapmap doesn't remove it, but it does illustrate the concern is real.
@_date: 2016-03-01 23:03:49
I didn't mean to imply it has been centralized yet, that's where we're going if an inner circle of software devs is deciding when the economic limiter is adjusted and by how much.


This isn't really true, there's a lot of misinformation being spread in order to prevent people doing that, plus bluffs that important groups of devs will stop contributing if people run varied software, plus the forums being controlled, plus DDOS attacks on people who try to depart from the party software, etc. 
All that stuff is to be expected in a game of money, but it's disingenuous to pretend it's not happening.


Core do a good job. This is a fine example of that, thanks for pointing it out. 
@_date: 2016-03-01 22:16:26
The spam filter was for spam, and is not what prevents the Tragedy of the Commons.
The risk of oversized blocks being orphaned because they weren't relayed fast enough or were ignored by too many nodes, is a natural pressure and is why the fee market doesn't require any hard limit.
The actual speed and capabilities of the bitcoin network set that pressure, not some centrally controlling committee of developers.
Once the real bitcoin economy becomes constrained by what was once a spam limit, that limit becomes [a lever for managing economic activity]( Currently I'm against that - it feels like putting Core into the position of Alan Greenspan, but perhaps I'm wrong - problem is nobody makes good arguments for central control of the economic activity, instead we get these proxy rationalizations of it, such as the spam filter being needed for price discovery.
@_date: 2016-03-06 06:43:27


Correct. The end goal is to remove the lever altogether*. Gavin has also stated this. A 2MB hard fork is a compromise to Core (who have genuine scaling worries) which doesn't get rid of the possibility of a lever, but it does buy a lot of time, and if the hard fork is forced by the ecosystem then there will be multiple clients in use and won't be such incumbant power to overcome next time the lever approaches.
*Unless someone comes up with a good decentralized way to govern it.
@_date: 2016-01-08 04:40:13
[Statement  ← the change in question
Which for some reason isn't listed in the "commits" or "files changed" of the linked pull request, perhaps because the change has been included already.
@_date: 2016-03-06 07:01:24
* You make the protocol immune to oversized transaction attacks (previously we relied on the the block limit for this), this has already been done.
* You give nodes control over what size block they will pass along. This gives decentralised control of the lever to the ecosystem - if miners create blocks too big for the network to carry they end up orphaned, which is expensive, so miners must keep their block sizes conservative.
* They are implementing some sort of signalling system into transactions, so we might be able to get feedback from users and nodes to the miners.
* Miners keep doing what they do now.
This might cause problems in a few years time, that's unclear without a crystal ball, but we have years to address these, if they even eventuate.


They can do that already, and it's how the fee market is currently created - decentralized. It doesn't give them central control unless they centralize and act in a bloc, in which case bitcoin is suffering bigger problems - the 51% attack. Miners mining small blocks isn't the threat, it's the cost of full nodes becoming too high for small players to bear that's the long term centralizing worry.
@_date: 2016-01-26 14:35:20


The bitcoin clients taking "the simple approach to increasing the Bitcoin blocksize" do not have this "major problem". The problem was solved a long time ago, as Core are well aware. So that "million dollar paragraph for big block supporters" was some carefully worded misdirection muddying the water. 
There might be fewer people falling for and spreading this ignorance if Theymos wan't sheltering them from learning about the other side.
SegWit is a good thing whether a block limit is 1MB or 2MB. Must this become about those evil big-blockers.
@_date: 2016-03-07 07:46:43


[jensuth said](


So, by not implementing that feature they decentralize power, putting the ecosystem in charge of whether the latest changes are acceptable.
@_date: 2016-01-14 23:06:01


That would be fine too - oversized blocks will just be orphaned by the miners, at great cost to the attacker. Such blocks wouldn't even propegate over the existing network.
The hard limit was never there to affect the *functional* size of blocks.
@_date: 2016-03-06 04:19:48
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:57:55
Nobody wants to throw out SegWit.
Big blockers want 2MB followed by SegWit, Core wants SegWit followed by 2MB. It's OK to leave the max transaction size at 1MB until we get SegWit. You get SegWit transaction sizes either way.
I am refuting the FUD that there is a major problem with taking the simple approach to increasing the Bitcoin blocksize, where bitcoin becomes exposed to a time-to-verify attack. I am not diminishing the value of SegWit.
@_date: 2016-01-24 00:38:18
SegWit will not meaningfully extend throughput in April, as the wallets/services still have to implement it, followed by the [non-SPV] users upgrading. And for Lightning Network, it will [take years for the network part to establish](
(I *fully* support Lightning Network, it's an awesome cryptocurrency game changer, but it's not relevent to time frames of the roadmap in contention)
@_date: 2016-01-30 03:19:59
The worry isn't high fees directly, the problem is that paying higher fees still doesn't create any more transactions, so when people must start a bidding war to determine who isn't able to move their money anymore, the fees required will become chaotic - unable to be reliably estimated by services and wallets, transactions will end up stuck in the mempool, existing startups will become known as unreliable services and potentially fail, the mempool will grow so large it will crash all those full nodes running on underpowered computers like rasp pis. Chicken little's will run around saying they can't get their money out of an exchange so it must be doing a Mt Gox, the sky will fall etc.
Or none of that happens... *it will probably be all fine!* But nobody knows. Just like doing the hard-fork first will also *probably be all fine*. Different people are differently affected by the risks associated with each path, so weigh the risks differently. You think hitting capacity limit problems before SegWit can make a difference is nonsense FUD, they think it's nonsense FUD that doing the hard-fork earlier will affect bitcoin's decentralisation or resistance to censorship.
Never acknowledging or investigating the risk created by the path being advocated for is why all these arguments just yell past each other. 
Interesting link.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:26:24
Raising the maximum block size (before SegWit has been implemented) needn't involve allowing larger individual transactions. 
More specifically, the maximum block *data*-size is not an ideal way to be controlling the *CPU* limit for individual transactions.
So understanding that these are separate things gives you many options: xt limited the transaction time-to-verify [directly]( but the most trivial pre-SegWit solution is to raise the block limit to 2MB while not allowing individual transactions to be any larger than before (1 MB).
^(Edit: Since many are misreading this, the above solutions illustrate that the people proposing to simply raise the block size before segwit has been implemented are not going to suffer the "major problem" that is implied with doing that. However, I believe SegWit should still be implemented afterwards as it provides many benefits, and I was not arguing against that. One of the extra benefits is allowing even greater transaction verification flexibility.)
@_date: 2016-01-15 08:35:13
true, but it's not enough to just fix the moderation policy here. As long as the main public forums such as \are centrally controlled, it's toxic to the community and the future of the project.
^([I posted this before but it was immediately shadow-censored without explanation, this time I've removed the link to evidence which Theymos has evidently added to the killbot to ensure you won't see it and become corrupted by it])
@_date: 2016-01-26 10:27:09


When it comes to C++ programmers, I trust the ones who call themselves "mediocre" over the ones less humble.
His choice of words are not a good argument here.
@_date: 2016-01-23 01:08:12
DDOS attacks, censorship, repository sabotage, delisting businesses from bitcoin.org, personal smear campaigns... if these plucky but loveable characters succeed in the face of such incumbent behavior the script could be made into a movie.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:11:30
Yes. My first response was unhelpful for bringing the sides together. I've edited it, though it may still be too harsh.
@_date: 2016-01-15 04:52:07


Lets hope not, something like that would kill 1MB-block Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-01-14 23:12:50
You seem to be suggesting that if we raise the hard-coded limit to 1GB, then large miners will immediately start mining 100MB or 1GB blocks. It doesn't work that way.
History also illustrates this - block sizes have only recently nudged up against the existing hard-coded limit, via organic growth of bitcoin usage. 
(I assumed you were worried a 100MB or 1GB limit would open bitcoin to 100MB blocks being mined as some sort of attack, now I assume you just misunderstand mining. If you raise the hard-coded limit to 1GB, we might see block sizes as large as 1.2MB, then eventually SegWit will bring that down a bit)
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:18:06


No, he actually said as much:  ["We can phase in a change later if we get closer to needing it."](
I guess he didn't forsee followers deciding to repurpose it to [centrally manage]( bitcoin's economy for the "greater good" of heading off possible future node centralisation (while other solutions remain).
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:39:20


true, however the other miners might not cooperate with such a block, the nodes don't have to pass along blocks they don't like, and:


@_date: 2014-02-10 06:07:19
Is there any issue with tumbling coins for privacy - i.e. anonymizing your own funds which are **not** proceeds of any crime, nor being used for any crime/tax evasion?
This one is more out of curiosity: When taking domestic or foreign currency out of the country, you are supposed to declare it if over a certain threshold. This doesn't seem useful with bitcoin because it's already borderless, so will there be an intention to apply such rules to bitcoin, and if so, what would determine whether bitcoin was "in the country" to begin with, in order for it to be taken "out" of the country?
@_date: 2016-01-20 03:59:57


I love the idea of Lightning Network and hope the politics don't torpedo it, but Lightning Network doesn't currently exist and nothing like it has even been tried before. Lets get Lightning Network *established* before switching the vision of bitcoin over from a more general platform into a settlement layer.
There will come a day when the payment-network reins must be taken over by something like LN, but right now - when nothing else exists - Bitcoin can and should continue to be general use. 
^(Edit: Cheers, it's excellent that work is coming along nicely on LN code, but the *network* doesn't exist yet and nobody knows how well it will work out, how much blockchain traffic it will create,) [^or ^how ^many ^years ^it ^will ^take]( ^(to establish.)
@_date: 2016-01-26 12:52:07
How about beginning with that first line of logic
*Increasing the block size will make existing businesses safer from any economic change event — even if you don't believe that there is danger, it will at the very least render those fears silent; thus, it makes sense only to do longer timeframe improvements after first raising the block limit.*
Are networking improvements for 2MB blocks* really more important for the safety of the network than the importance of avoiding months of dropped-transaction/fee chaos for the safety of the ecosystem? 
Why? *That's* the logic we need to understand - the risks the roadmap glosses over.
Regardless, thank you for shining more light on the thought process behind the roadmap.
\*even if the block limit was raised first, blocks wouldn't grow much bigger than 1.3 MB before those networking improvements deployed. (this note is for all readers)
@_date: 2016-01-30 13:50:27
Delay until another layer is ready to take some of the load, such as Lightning Network.
That way the fee event becomes an incentive to migrate toward the more suitable layer, rather than prematurely ending whatever purpose you were using Bitcoin for.
(I also think the fee event inevitable, and not a bad thing -- provided there are alternatives to the main chain when it happens)
@_date: 2016-01-20 22:14:50


This is avoided by limiting individual transaction sizes to 1MB.
(There are better ways^[[1]]( , but this explanation avoids speculative objections since nothing changes in transaction capability) 
PS: great job with that node.
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:26:34
Yeah, if time-to-verify is the worry, then having a block-time-to-verify limit seems a better idea than trying to impose one indirectly through a block-data-size that's then ill-sized for other purposes.
@_date: 2016-01-26 16:45:28
AFAIK The Chinese miners were not against SegWit, they said they didn't want such a large change being rushed, as the consequences for a mistake getting through are large. 
Core are rushing SegWit because their roadmap has Bitcoin's transaction limit stuck until they've released SegWit, wallets have implemented it, and users have upgraded to those wallets and started using it.
I can't judge whether Core are rushing responsibly or not, so I don't mean that word as a value judgement, perhaps they are merely prioritising it highly, I'm just saying that is what scares the miners, not SegWit itself. They would be happier for Core to use time bought by 2MB blocks to relax the SegWit schedule.
@_date: 2016-03-04 00:43:27


You know that isn't true, because [you've made that appeal to history before and been corrected before]( If you want to help Bitcoin, keep the arguments honest.
@_date: 2016-03-06 07:25:24
Surely we don't need to bring 51% attacks into this?
The current block limit can't protect bitcoin from a 51% attack by the miners.
Removing the block limit doesn't suddenly make you more vulnerable to 51% attacks.
@_date: 2016-03-01 22:51:38




Yes, this is a much better/honest debate. Centralizing control in order to fight node centralization is not an optimal start, but as you say, solutions are currently unclear.
@_date: 2017-03-09 22:53:55


The miners were always supposed to have that ability, the blocksize limit wasn't introduced to cap genuine economic activity.
@_date: 2017-03-10 00:46:43
You're posting that a lot. It fails on its first counterpoint, a distribution of EB values isn't necessary, e.g. ViaBTC's [guide]( from months ago shows that a further raising of EB could be similarly synchronized if they wanted to do it. The "AD6" in the blocks signaling BU suggests the miners are doing something like this.
But consider reframing what this "attack" really is... [there is no spoon](
@_date: 2016-01-26 21:40:18
Any idea why Coinbase don't like it? I haven't been following them.
@_date: 2016-01-25 16:30:41


The fee and dropped transaction chaos for 6 extra months will merely fuck every business that was stupid enough to build themselves on top of Bitcoin before Core unilaterally pulled this fee market stunt without any sidechain or LN existing to adapt over to. 
The "fee market" can happen, but later - once alternatives to the main chain are available.
@_date: 2016-01-19 22:06:13
Yes, none of the *pragmatic* objections raised against 2MB blocks have been intellectually honest*, it has no effect on their snow man, so this must be a control thing(?) and not about the 2MB limit change at all.
^(* home internet nodes and the great firewall can handle 2MB blocks - though *actual* blocksize wouldn't reach near that size before SegWit anyway, large DOS attack-transactions are trivially avoided, miners are fine with it, a protocol hard fork was already inevitable, digging in heels instead of helping makes forking-pain predictions self-fulfilling, etc. The only honest objection I've heard is "we don't think it's needed yet".)
@_date: 2016-01-24 00:15:22
Large blockers know what core is thinking because they already said all that in their roadmap.
Large blockers believe the *order* in which Core proposed to make these changes may subject bitcoin to a potentially disasterous economic change event, and centralization due to fee spikes limiting who can use it. Core used to call this a "fee market" and said it was desirable - despite there being no Lightning Network or sidechains in place to take over the existing load. Core have stopped mentioning the fee market now but the big blockers still suspect Core wants the economic change event, or at least is not interested in avoiding it, and have merely gone silent over it.
So repeating the known doesn't help, what large blockers don't know about what the heck Core is thinking is their projections for the period before their roadmap meaningfully extends throughput, and how they weigh the risk of the economic change event.
(Theymos deletes the informative referenced big-block explanations from here and leaves all the childish ones, so \readers tend to be uninformed on the topic)
@_date: 2016-01-26 16:06:23
From your other post I can see we are miscommunicating.
Bitcoin clients which take "the simple approach to increasing the Bitcoin blocksize" will later adopt SegWit, so SegWit will solve it for big blockers and small blockers alike.
But before big-block clients have adopted SegWit, they will **not** be suffering from "A major problem" that's "The million dollar paragraph for big block supporters".
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:49:28
If you don't want source code, what do you want? A quote from Core?
@_date: 2016-01-19 07:45:09
True. Altcoins don't generally have much need for LN scale, e.g. not much is gained by having a new P2P way of spending your Dogecoins, but an altcoin could be a good testbed. I imagine a lot of the LN node software would't even have to care what the settlement coin is.
@_date: 2016-01-26 21:04:25
I personally can't tell if SegWit is rushed, I stated that in the last paragraph.
I was explaining the position of the miners, [*they* fear that SegWit is rushed](










[emphasis mine]
said the miners were against SegWit, but I don't believe they are. Their stated "security concerns" are not against SegWit per se - both boil down to the roadmap order and schedule for deploying SegWit.
@_date: 2017-08-31 14:15:01
Selling Bitcoin keys was [already deemed money transmitting]( No fiat was involved either, the problem was he couldn't prove that the person who paid him bitcoins was going to be the same person he sends the coins to.
@_date: 2016-12-06 23:30:58


It seems to be missing something fundamental: people aren't against SegWit, they are against the decree of SegWit-only scaling, the problems created by trying to softfork SegWit, and some are against the general idea of favouring soft forks. There are ways SegWit could be introduced, it's going to be hard to find developers against something people aren't generally against.
The guy also gives a link to his article "People who argue that introducing SegWit as a soft fork is “too complicated” are concern trolling", and reading that makes it clear he doesn't understand the issues.
@_date: 2015-08-19 04:54:45


There's plenty of time to do this. 
75% of the movers and shakers of bitcoin aren't going to switch to BIP101 unless it's needed — it won't just kick in on Jan 2016. 
Continue being conservative, there may be years before bitcoin hits real block‐size problems. Spend more time fleshing out ideas, and propose a solution you find more agreeable. If you succeed, that solution will be adopted and BIP101 dropped.
If, however, the conservative approach continues to fail and eventually Bitcoin starts hitting serious block‐size problems, then I imagine consensus will quickly switch to the BIP101 backup plan. You do want a backup plan right? The conservative consensus approach hasn't worked for this issue yet, surely we're not going to bet everything on this approach  turning around?
Spend more time working on a conservative 3^rd option, less time handwringing over BIP101.
@_date: 2015-08-14 16:27:38
Not bad. It took more than a month before someone remembered that there's always money in the banana stand.
@_date: 2015-08-19 15:07:00
I can tell the model you have of how it works still isn't right, but not knowing how you *think* it works, I don't know what needs correcting. I suggest more reading about bitcoin before drawing conclusions about long term problems.
The system's maintenenance cost stays below the blockreward+fees because individual miners stop mining when they can't make a profit, which causes blocks to take longer than 10 mins to be found, which causes the mining difficulty to adjust downward, which makes it more profitable for the remaining miners. Being profitable is the cap on the costs of minting and processing transactions.
The transaction fees are buying security, so [once the blockreward fades away] the network gets stronger/weaker in proportion to the number of people using it and paying transactions fees.
@_date: 2015-08-21 04:34:23
It's the users that set the fees.
Let's assume there will be multiple miners, because if there isn't then bitcoin has bigger problems that what the fees will be.
With multiple miners competing, some or all of them will include every transaction that pays more money than it costs to include in the block — the cost of mining the block doesn't factor into that decision. To leave paying transactions on the table is throwing away money, worse — you're giving that money to competing miners. This should keep the fees low. Alternately, if the desired block size is smaller than the number of transactions then the highest‐fee transactions are picked first, but in neither case is the rational decision affected by what it cost to mine the block.
If *every* miner colludes to raise prices then your scenario might happen (only one would have to dissent to pick up all the money the other miners would be leaving on the table), but bitcoin offers little value if it can be centrally controlled, so collusion risks destroying the income the miners depend on to pay off their huge capital investments, and driving up prices would also risk destroying the system the miners need to pay off their huge capital investments. People aren't always smart so I can't say it can't happen — bitcoin is still an experiment, but it seems far from inevitable.


I'm still not sure what this means, why does keeping low fees mean more resources and centralization? If the fees won't pay for it, then less resources will be spent on mining.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:05:15
This money isn't being used for a prison break, it's being used so she can fully and properly avail herself of the justice system and the system of laws you hold dear. She will spend time in jail for her actions, you don't need to worry about that.
@_date: 2015-07-21 07:04:31
Good question. Is there anything on the horizon for hobbyist miners, or are ASIC speeds still skyrocketing?
Something under $500 that wouldn't run at too much of a loss? (electricity is "free" if you'd use a electric space heater anyway)
@_date: 2015-07-16 15:29:07
The address mine went to has had 5 transactions into it spread out over a couple of months. About a day after each tranaction the money moves, but each transaction was swept to a different big-pile-o-bitcoin. So it probably take a day or so to find out what the final address is. 
But the big piles of bitcoin look like the bowels of Bitpay - they go to lots of addresses with round numbers like 600btc, so not sure what information can be gleaned once the "final" address is known.
@_date: 2015-07-05 08:00:23
Cheers. Looks like their last update was [1st May]( and their website is down, but they raised $12k so perhaps they are working on the program right now instead of publicity &amp; website etc. I'll keep an ear out.
I was hoping for something that also leverages that social aspect that Patreon does, but allowing subscriptions is the important thing.
@_date: 2015-07-16 13:42:22
Donations will be doubled (up to $60,000). Bitcoin accepted.
@_date: 2016-02-24 23:40:45
Limiting transactions with an arbitrary constant in the protocol is exactly deciding that stuff by a central committee of developers.
It was intended to be removed, now it has been repurposed to meddle with the fee market.
@_date: 2016-02-25 21:53:19


Once the real bitcoin economy becomes constrained by the spam limit, that limit becomes [a centrally controlled lever for managing economic activity]( This is a far greater change to bitcoin than a hard fork to keep the limit above the level of economic activity. Economic activity isn't close to what the network can handle. 
[It will be years before Lightning Network is a viable payment network]( and the problems with routing and every channel requiring parked money means it might not *ever* become what it's being sold as - though I'm certain it will find many great uses. I'm a fan of the idea, but I don't want to bet the house on something that probably won't turn out the way we expect.
@_date: 2016-02-24 23:36:43
No, they don't. 
The risk of oversized blocks being orphaned because they weren't relayed fast enough, or were ignored, is a natural pressure and is why the fee market doesn't require any hard limit. 
The *actual* speed and capabilities of the bitcoin network set that pressure, not some centrally controlling commitee of developers.
@_date: 2016-02-07 13:08:12
They only sell the headless model Piper Wallet now, which is a shame because the model-B is an awesome little box being able to print cold wallets AND provide extra utils like Shamir's secret, all while air-gaped with hardware RNG.
Perhaps the Trezor killed it - there's lots of little features Piper Wallet could still add, but it looks like they've stopped further R&amp;D.
To add to the thermal paper topic, I confirmed myself they are water proof, and they claim they are rated for a [20 year image life]( mine are still looking good as new, but I made copies of them anyway (with a scanner/printer/copier with no HD).
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:15:07
You know that parameter wasn't in the protocol when Bitcoin was bootstrapped, right? 
It was a temporary change added in 2010, you don't have to defend it out of historical reverence or sense of protocol purity. Its time and purpose has passed, let it go.
If not let go - if the spam limit is kept so long that the *real* bitcoin economy becomes constrained by it, that spam limit mutates into a lever for central economic planning. Some people [argue they should have that lever]( but this is a wholly different purpose - having a central economic lever should be introduced and argued for in a new BIP, it's a rather large change to Bitcoin's economics and governance. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:50:22
The miners maintain a ledger, they record/witness public transactions - they don't make transactions with anyone. A money transmitter is a participant in two transactions, as is an LN hub. One also has an audit trail while the other does not.
I don't think FINCEN will buy into the "just like miners" argument, but perhaps they might, we don't know yet. I imagine individuals (i.e. not a business) might get a pass.
I doubt professional hubs are going to be spared AML/KYC because controlling things like that seems to be the government's very intention with those laws, it's hard to argue with a straight face that an LN hub doesn't transmit money.
@_date: 2017-09-27 01:46:00
Selling Bitcoin keys was [already deemed money transmitting]( No fiat was involved there either, just Bitcoin, the problem was he couldn't prove that the person who paid him bitcoins was going to be the same person he sends the physical coins to - sending the coins to a different person would be money transmitting.
A lightning hub will take payment from one person to give money to another - the gov's definition of money transmitting. The ability of a hub to use TOR to flaunt money transmitting laws is a different topic.
@_date: 2017-09-27 02:01:52
A normal Bitcoin transaction is between two parties (sender &amp; receiver) so doesn't need AML/KYC. Money transmitter laws start to kick in when you are receiving money from one person to send to a different person, [this applies to Bitcoin](
@_date: 2017-10-15 02:58:10


That's what Wikileaks was using it for. Their mission was to bring important issues and egregious abuses of power into the light that the world needed to know, and the abusers of power were freezing their ability to use currency and strangling the organization.
Wikileaks never got into Bitcoin as a get rich scheme, the schadenfreude is well earned, though I guess your point still stands that RoI is not how Bitcoin should be being publicly portrayed.
@_date: 2017-10-15 06:19:16
FWIW I appreciate these replies
@_date: 2017-10-15 05:07:41


Unfortunately, these are co-opted and gate-kept now
@_date: 2017-10-15 03:14:08
Great post BTW, TIL about the timeline connection with Mike Hearn and Assange's talk with Eric Schmidt.
@_date: 2017-10-15 04:52:57


How is a 2 MB upgrade an anti-science brigade? The science says a stable layer1 fee market can't happen with unpredictable traffic and a 1MB fixed block size, and the layer two solution we are holding out for is a network of money transmitters thus will be regulated by AML/KYC (an antithesis for people who truly love Bitcon). It's likely hubs will become too expensive to route around if fees are successfully made high (in addition to the parked capital requirements of channels), and it doesn't exist yet, so established Bitcoin use-cases are already bleeding off while anti-science types wait for a predictable fee system.
What is anti-science about allowing more people to start/keep using Bitcoin while layer 2 solutions are being figured out?
@_date: 2015-09-21 06:23:33
A [bitcoin patreon](
Something that both allows subscriptions, and provides the social networking aspect. Ideally decentralized.
To depend on Patreon, a controversial creator has to hope nobody ever starts up a smear campaign against them. Bitcoin also means patrons can have whatever level of privacy they desire. 
@_date: 2015-09-29 07:36:03
I wouldn't presume he considers it an alternative — I don't have any viable alternative and finding all the major bitcoin forums centrally controlled and censored still made me disengage in disgust and go elsewhere.
Finding a viable alternative is a problem for another day, it can only happen organically. There's better things for you, me, and Andreas to be doing with our time than helping centralize bitcoin.
(yes, I do still take a peek here on rare occasions, usually from in case anything big has gone down)
@_date: 2017-10-15 05:30:48


We're getting off topic, but that simply isn't true - if it were you would be able to tell me [Blockstream's VC sales pitch]( Perhaps that OpenBazaar guy is telling tall tales, but we don't know, because people with influence in this project are **not** open and transparent.
Edit: I mean how the sales pitch actually went - your link (below) perfectly dovetails with the comment I linked to. I wasn't the one making claims about everyone being open and transparent.
@_date: 2015-09-18 12:17:38
A group of member banks around the world could take turns signing blocks, creating a system where they don't need to fully trust each other but don't need a central clearing house either.
But while decentralisation is bitcoin's crowning acheivement, I think it actually has a few other advantages, and perhaps banks want to make use of those:
* Open innovation. Anybody - the general public - can create interfaces, applications, or inventions that make direct use of it, or build on top of it.  
* [Worldwide speed](
I can think of many more, but even those two may be unrealistic for banks due to regulatory burdens that bitcoin doesn't have (by nature of bitcoin not being an organisation and not being government money). I can't make useful accurate guesses without knowing what banks can already do and in what ways they are restricted, but if they could have created a global ledger before now then they probably would have. Look to what services bitcoin allows that banks don't currently provide well.
@_date: 2015-09-06 03:05:33
Nah, you don't need to pull the sticker.
[Here's a picture of the back of a coin]( taken randomly from Google image search.
In its window you can see 1Ccj3ngX, which  is enough information to identify the address in the blockchain. For example, [you can type it into the search box here]( and [view the current balance and history of that coin](
Congratulations bitcoinmuseum, your 2012 coin's address is untouched.
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:03:05
Electrum wallets [pick servers that are following the longest chain]( so they will be unaffected in that scenario, though not the scenario where BIP148 causes a reorg. Haven't looked into whether Mycelium is the same. Businesses that used BIP148 without making it clear to users would deserve any wrath they face.
Regardless, I don't doubt there will be short-term chaos and long-term repercussions if the BIP148 game of chicken comes to a head. Especially if there's a reorg after chains diverge.
*[Edit: I assumed BIP148 already had miner support - the paragraph below doesn't make much sense unless BIP148 gains some miner support]*
Luke won't capitulate, and if miners don't capitulate then BIP148 is going to cost miners real money, we just don't know which miners will end up eating the loss (or, as you allude, it might be all if it harms Bitcoin), and it won't have cost Luke Jr a dime. I have no idea whether the outrage of the miners at being attacked like this will override their financial desire to avoid risk. Kowtowing to your attacker must burn.
@_date: 2016-05-19 08:48:59
There are loud idiots on both sides of any controversy, focus less on the idiots.
From comment voting patterns (as opposed to ragey posts) I'm pretty sure most people on r\/btc support on-chain scaling *and* exploring Lightning and sidechains. The problem is the idea that they must pick only one: many people think Lightning solves a different problem than the on-chain functionality, and also believe Core will favor one at the expense of the other - I'm pretty sure that sub will be cheering for Lightning the moment the main chain is scaled and they no longer feel they are sacrificing Bitcoin's main functionality to support it.
(to save you checking my history, these days I try to participate in r\/btc more than here. Every time I post here I have to log out to see if bots allowed the post to be visible)
@_date: 2017-05-18 06:42:29


Go easy on the out-grouping. If you go to the very top post stickied in this sub called "Newcomers please read", you'll see exactly the same "erroneous selling points" you are attributing to clueless bad guys.
People are not trying to throw out the main purpose of Bitcoin, the big blockers believe either that continuing to scale the main chain until layer 2 networks are established is better than breaking it now in the hope of recovering via layer 2 later, or that Satoshi's plan will work. It's hard to accuse *Satoshi* of throwing out the main purpose of Bitcoin - he envisioned networks getting faster and PoW being paid for by growth in the number of transactions, rather than fixing the number of transactions and growing the fees.
@_date: 2017-05-18 04:33:22
Not just Luke Jr, I notice there are many front page posts on this sub lately promoting a client which will cause a controversial chain split. The previous heavily-enforced ban here on discussing clients that might lead to a controversial split is what caused the creation of the other sub.
I saw a mod pretend it was only linking to binaries that was against the rules (*wink wink*), but this sub was never that lax before and now even the binary links stay ([example sitting at  on the front page](
@_date: 2016-05-13 07:45:19








PSA: "Codes of Conduct" are political tools designed to inject politics into open source, they are **not** written to improve a project's community - that's just the cover story.
The main "CoC" was written to make open source developers answerable to twitter armies (mobs of useless people who have no sway in open source otherwise), which is why they harass maintainers to adopt it. Another popular one employs political signaling words to make it clear the project is a left-wing progressive space (IMHO it's better to have developers of any political persuasion feel welcome - i.e. have everyone contribute and feel welcome).
None of the CoCs help the open source communities, but they superficially read as though they're about diversity and nice things no decent person would be against. I had to watch the proponents of these CoCs in action before I could believe how malicious they are, so go easy on people who are vocal against CoCs, those people are not anti-diversity etc, they've simply seen through some bullshit and know where it leads.
@_date: 2017-05-23 15:01:18
hmm, yes, I stand corrected. And I didn't realise BIP148 had no miner support and instead they assume ordinary SegWit miners are on board - wow, UASF wouldn't even start.
@_date: 2016-05-07 03:27:12
@_date: 2016-05-13 12:56:31
This account's been active in this sub for 3 years
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:37:02
Ignore downvotes - the old school bitcoiners were driven off this sub by the owner, now it favors a particular view, but here's what happened:
[Satoshi always intended massive main-chain scaling]( e.g.


Read the white paper, Bitcoin was always designed to scale that way. The 1MB limit was not added to limit scaling and was added with the intention of being removed before it prevented scaling.
Revisionists try to pretend this stuff was never clear. Never once did Satoshi advocate fixing the number of transactions and growing the fee instead, it was always Satoshi's plainly stated plan to grow the number of transactions, paying for PoW that way. Layer-2 developments as well.
The original bitcoin client has been taken over by people who don't believe in Satoshi's plan, they believe with new information and new techniques there is a better way to do cryptocurrency - perhaps a direction even Satoshi might approve of if he were still speaking, but it requires heavily limiting the main-chain. So the debate is between people who want the new way and people who see usurpers co-opting Bitcoin to harm its central functionality in order to support their not-quite-equivalent ideas, rather than running Lightning Network alongside an also-functional main-chain, or going and making their own coin with the limited-mainchain economic system they desire.
Your question might be unclear though, by "the scaling issue for transactions per block" were you asking the question of how many transactions should be in a block, or another issue such as quadratic hashing attacks?
@_date: 2016-05-13 07:51:03
Bitcoin isn't a normal open source project - forks get undermined.
Core supporters and devs have put a lot of effort into disparaging and undermining competition. So much effort that people cannot even be informed on the topic if they get their info from this sub, or any of the other traditional Bitcoin entry-points.
It's disingenuous to pretend this is a matter of contributing code.
@_date: 2016-05-25 00:52:33
How does xapo obtain the keys? [Does it work like purseio?]( is it a loss leader?
@_date: 2017-05-23 09:28:43




I don't know whether BIP148 will fail, but here's what I imagine a fail scenario *might* look like:
Miners angered by BIP148 have a meeting and stop signaling SegWit in August. With a small minority of miners supporting BIP148 and a two week difficulty adjustment period, the BIP148 chain seizes up - averaging 1 block every 50 mins, which also drags the difficulty readjust time out to 10 weeks, it may even be attacked (every time a BIP148 miner finds a block, the other miners build an empty block alongside that orphans it). The ecosystem, not interested in being on a stuck chain for ten weeks, keep doing daily business on the majority chain with the existing consensus rules until the BIP148 miners can't stomach the mounting losses any more and switch back. Nobody else cares whether a bunch of non-mining non-economic nodes are off on their own chain.
@_date: 2016-05-07 09:08:57
That's very US-centric thinking.
The idea is to have nodes in locally owned datacenters *all around the world*. If your resistance plan is trivially DDOSable nodes, you have no resistance.
@_date: 2015-02-09 13:53:33
A simple to deploy "Donate" button that leverages the BIP70 payment protocol without being tied to any payment vendor.
That should make donating so easy and fast - click donate, click confirm. No addresses to worry about or anything technical - Bitcoin will shine.
Problems to overcome include a need for backend servers and [possibly] setting up certificates. 
(It's been a while since I had a look, so a project like this might already be started)
@_date: 2019-05-02 13:47:37
Yes, the guy [made $15 million]( by pretending to be Satoshi, and people wonder why someone might pretend like that.
@_date: 2015-02-09 05:15:45
Bitcoin doesn't use Dual_EC_DRBG, or secp256r1, the topic is fascinating:
[NSA Backdoors and Bitcoin:](


Also, Bitcoin isn't predicated on the crypto never becoming obsolete. Bitcoin addresses aren't the public key, so if/when a crypto weakness is found and a hard fork is required for migration, only reused addresses will have been vulnerable - which is why bitcoin tools avoid reusing addresses.
@_date: 2019-05-01 08:53:46


No, Craig faked the email back in 2014, for reasons that had nothing to do with getting out of a 2019 lawsuit.
The interesting thing about the email being used as evidence to dismiss this lawsuit IMHO is it suggest his lawyers were fed Craig's fake story and documents and are now discovering the nature of their client.
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:18:39
That's backwards. It's the value of bitcoins that puts a limit on the amount of natural resources people are prepared to spend to "mine" them.
"Mining" is not some fanciful way to create bitcoins based on how much busywork people have done, it's the act of running and securing the Bitcoin network, a cost all payment systems have in some form (Visa, paypal etc). To encourage people to do this, any newly minted coins and transaction fees go to the miners, but the miners are not interested in putting more energy in than what they expect to be paid for.
@_date: 2013-12-05 11:53:37
Digital media degrades, and files in the cloud wink out of existence without warning. Paper lasts decades and isn't susceptible to malware like keyloggers, while digital files require regular attention to survive.
Also, BIP0038.
@_date: 2013-12-24 00:57:14


Perhaps his lawyer convinced him to plead guilty?
If he's already planning to plead guilty to some of it, and had kept all his bit-eggs in one basket, there's no reason not to try flimsy legal arguments in the hope of getting it back.
@_date: 2013-12-23 08:10:50


Is this a growing resignation?
Economists have a problem - they might know best what makes a good currency, but it's the unwashed masses who will choose, and it seems that people without economics degrees are deciding money is supposed to hold its value.
So it doesn't matter what theory economists think can be applied here, the experiment will be run, and we'll find out whether all the unstated assumptions this argument depends on actually turn out to be valid.
@_date: 2013-12-18 05:20:50
Most people who tried to get into mining by pre-ordering ASICs from companies like Butterfly Labs ended up making less money than they spent.
@_date: 2013-12-23 11:19:34
The cryptolocker guys will be aware of this possibility - as 123felix said, it's no secret that every bitcoin transaction is public, so what they will be doing is mixing or tumbling the coins.
Imagine if you had extorted a $20 note from someone and you knew others would be tracking that note to find you. You could ask someone to change it for two $10 notes, or you could have a group of people each throw $20 into a pile and then each grab $20 from the pile. The cryptolocker guys will be doing the digital equivalent of this with their bitcoins.
However, people will try to track the extorted money anyway, and if the cryptolocker guys don't know exactly what they're doing they might screw up and reveal themselves. 
[Here's a story of a similiar attempt](
Though we have to be wary of the cryptolocker guys making some deliberate "mistakes" which frame someone innocent, while they get away with the money scot-free.
@_date: 2013-12-23 23:46:57


This act really shows how bitcoins can easily be sent or received *even through a TV set*.
@_date: 2013-12-09 14:22:05
Obviously a matching receive-card is an optional touch, but if you choose to get one you'll notice their website doesn't offer receive-cards that are matched to wallet-cards - the problem being that if you're not getting a passphrase protected card then bit-card.de generate the key, which means you won't know the address to specify on the receive-card.
When I did it I emailed them and asked, they said to just send them an email when I ordered, so I wrote "match to wallet card" in the receive-card's address field, and wrote an email after completing the order.
@_date: 2013-11-14 11:01:45
Not just one, China will either ignore the US one or create their own with their own criteria, and Russia etc. Soon we'll be sharing the blockchain with different government "colored" coins which can't be exchanged with each other (govcoin exchanges being mired in red tape), can't be sent overseas without filling in paperwork, can't be used underground, etc.
But there'll still be a kind of bitcoin unencumbered by all that, one which flows easily around the world and requires no permission. Really the govcoins will be the tainted ones - perhaps you'll be able to use government tainted coins to purchase off Amazon and you won't be able to do that with real bitcoins, but that's what we have already. Address anonymity means individuals will still be able to accept real bitcoins.
Alternately, someone heavily invested in bitcoin might preemptively patent everything they can about tainting coins and put the patents in a trust with the express mission of lending patents to anyone wanting to sue people who pursue this idiocy.
@_date: 2013-12-18 13:15:58
Not sure this is what you're after, because my target already knew some of the ideas behind bitcoin, but the wallets I sent overseas had a partial [explanation on the back]( and I also sent the following:








Until you know what you're doing, there are two rules for spending bitcoin from paper wallets (the plastic cards are still called "paper wallets"): 








(now with hindsight I like my first sentence :))
@_date: 2013-12-18 11:19:48
Wikileaks has meant voters can be informed on many issues for the first time, they even helped Snowden evade capture. The Banks tried to destroy Wikileaks, freezing all assets and strangling off it's funding. Bitcoin let me and others circumvent that, it also lets me send money overseas without fees. 
I got into bitcoin because I like this new shift in power. I'm not an angel investor, I'm not here to get rich, and this crash isn't going to be any hit on my finances.
I don't know if I'm being rude here, since aznsacboi (OP) seems to have been smart enough to decided against arguing on the internet, but here's OP's deleted reponse:


and OP's deleted response to Free__Will was:






@_date: 2013-12-16 05:36:03
Unfortunately km3r was posting [old]( data, while population growth estimations [continue to be revised upwards](
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:24:12


Which opens it to the Tragedy of the commons, as people PoS-mine all forks in parallel.
Perhaps PoS and PoW can be intertwined in such a way as to avoid that problem and secure each other, but until peercoin does it (or another alt) I consider it a dead coin walking.
(Trying to extract my peercoins from cold storage after realising this also opened my eyes to the utter lack of tools, software, and documentation etc. behind peercoin, but that's a lesser and more fixable complaint)
PS: if anyone hears of a PoW+PoS intertwined experiment, let me know.
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:58:48
Fully agree on Trezor and escrow.
Just wanted to clarrify I'm not suggesting non-techy people use Bitcoin-QT v0.9, but that once the protocol changes are established I assume the other wallets will update and support it and then the merchants will too *(I might be wrong)*, so a transaction would be more like your wallet prompting "Bloggs Shoe Co. requested 180 mBtc, would you like to send it? Yes/No". Refunds also wouldn't be such a mess.
I mentioned the block limit because [this discussion]( was triggered by a 879 KB block which *is* close to 1 MB, and it sounds like there are other changes that will need to happen before the block size limit can be raised.
@_date: 2013-11-23 04:15:18
People connected with investment banking will take in more money in a year than Bitcoin early-adopters can make by cashing out.
It's nice that the value's going up, but sitting on bitcoins isn't going to get anyone to the top of the pyramid or out of middle class, for that you'll need to be part of the innovation - provide something so useful you are one of the bitcoin household names as it becomes more widely adopted.
A lucky guy struck it "rich" and was able to buy a small apartment... how very middle class. It's not a new pyramid so much as a frontier that Bitcoin offers. (so go out and put a stake somewhere)
@_date: 2013-10-31 15:44:45
Dammit, bitcoin is being tarnished by association with money launderers and drug money *again*.
@_date: 2013-12-21 01:55:16
This is the answer.
But I still hold out hope that some kind of PoW/PoS entanglement scheme can be figured out that avoids the peercoin problem, as it would allow niches that PoW-alone can't fill*. This would make peercoin more like the digicash or ecash of PoS cryptocurrency :/
I give it lots of credit for trying something new though - getting people talking about PoS, and not being just another clone coin.
*For example, bitcoin's security comes from the network being more profitable to join than attack, which could rule out use as a reserve currency since outsider political profit may well be worth more than how many bitcoins can be obtained by attacking vs joining the network. Steady-value currency instead of steady-state could be another niche.
@_date: 2013-12-18 22:51:26
Often when I see people undertaking heavy bitcoin evangelism to the masses, I wish they would just wait at least until v0.9 is released and established, so non-techy people's first impressions of using bitcoin aren't so negative.
The core base isn't going anywhere and we don't have to grow the adoption curve ahead of the technology - we're already pushing up against current transaction limits.
@_date: 2013-12-12 14:50:10


That makes me smile.
@_date: 2013-11-25 11:34:07
Bitcoins aren't secured by CPUs or GPUs anymore, so use your CPU/GPU to run whatever distributed science project you think is useful, there's no point using them on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-18 12:34:42
["bitcoin, like wikipedia, is one of those ideas that can never work in theory.. only in practice"](
@_date: 2013-12-09 02:44:22
I've sent someone a [wallet-card from bit-card.de]( with a matched [receive-card]( and a URL to view the balance on the wallet-card. So they can put the wallet-card in a safe, and people can send to the receive-card.
(I also added brief instructions to avoid newbie pitfalls - only ever spend from the wallet-card once and to transfer the entire amount when you do)
This system only lets them receive bitcoin, but they don't need to install *anything* or learn about it until they want to spend it, and the cards are pretty enough to be interesting and cool in a low-tech kind of way.