@_author: socratic_paradox
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:24:46
Holy shit thank you so much!
@_date: 2017-12-04 21:17:54
Yeah, I figured it became like this this year. I know about crypto since 2011 but let's just say that I wasn't ready for it yet , but now I want to go in because it has much more potential than what we've already seen (and that is huge). I wish to find a proper place to ask about intermediate level crypto questions, but I'm pretty convinced I won't find it here. 
Could you please tell me sites/forums/subs where I can find relevant info about cryptos in general? Would really appreciate it.
Edit: better yet, is there anywhere I can find the things you described in OP? 
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:21:55
Thank you. I've subscribed to this sub in the hopes of learning more about the intricacies  of cryptocurrencies and which is better and why but all I'm getting is people blinded by btc success this year and clickbaits. Few to none relevant information was acquired when subbing this page at all. Was it always like this?
@_date: 2017-12-11 02:27:35
Anyone can think like that, even me, and in fact a lot of people do. The real question is: where can one learn how to consistently profit with only investments like a Wolf?
@_date: 2017-12-11 03:41:42
Great tips, but where do I study all this? I've figured I need good planning and strategy but I feel I still lack some fundamentals. As a begginner, where and how to become a consistent achiever and make investing my job? I fully understand this is not going to happen anytime soon but I need to start somewhere.
@_date: 2019-02-22 13:02:13
It always amazes me how cult-like Bitcoin adopters have become. Like, no matter what happens they will always believe Bitcoin is the biggest invention since someone discovered how to light a fire.
I mean, don't get me wrong, I think the blockchain technology still have ways to go and I like the potential independance it can give people from the government, but seriously if you analyze this rationally you're going to understand that first, complete unregulation (freedom) from banks and government might not be so good OR feasible, and that bitcoin is just one of potentially infinite solutions that blockchain can create, and it probably won't be definitive.
Personally I think Bitcoin still have ways to go too, and that at worst it will be a great experience that may in the future change the financial and monetary landscapes, but I also think a lot of people are betting a bit too much on this. Sure, I do think it's price will rise again, but it doesn't take a genius to see that mass adoption and usage of Bitcoin or cryptocurrency in general is simply light-years away, and for a simple reason: the average person doesn't even have the basic requirements (let's not forget the average of person of the world have difficulties even creating an e-mail or log in Facebook) to start to understand Bitcoin/crypto, much less adopt and use it. They don't have the necessary basic knowledge, nor the financial mindset for it. Crypto is such a complicated topic that not even people with these basic skills have trouble grasping it and only an infinitesimal part of the adopters (which are by themselves not much) actually understand how crypto works, and understanding is essential to mass adopting.
So yeah, maybe the children of the millenials can actually do something out of crypto but all we can do is seriously speculate for now. 