@_author: sokoleden
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:08:51
But now, there is an danger to keep an eye on. Once you sell, you could have the feeling, to get back your bitcoin you lost, actually sold. This is dangerous, because it creates a stress situation, where people start to act emotionally driven, and start making mistakes.
My best recommendation is, take some time off from the crypto market. In this time try to accept the fact, that your have given away your beloved bitcoins, and realize that you wont ever get them back, at least not the one you holded for so long and then sold. Maybe you will hold some new ones in some point of time, maybe not, time will tell.
After your time off, try to take a new fresh unbiased look at the coins, as if you havent ever holded any crypto, even not one bitcoin.
Make up your assumptions, make your investment plan and your unbiased decision. For example, if your investment plan/idea says so, you should not have a problem if neccessary to pay for bitcoin 2 or 10 times more, than you have sold them, if you think you could get more in return. But if the bitcoin-party is over, and this thing will go under water (i dont expect that, but it is a real possibility), then buying bitcoin for half or a tenth of the price you sold them, could be a bad idea. Just for the sake to satisfy your feeling, that you gave your bitcoins away.
Your have achieved a mayor milestone in freeing you up from debt, but look now optimisticly forward and try to continue to make good investment decisions for your future. Dont make your (for now) successful past make you mistakes.Look ahead and find good investment opportunities and realize them.
Sokol Mihajlovic Germany
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:57:39
And will work (???), when they got installed in 2-5 years, maybe even longer, cause in bitcorecore things move sloooooowly measurable in aeons.
@_date: 2017-12-02 15:43:02
In Germany more and more doctors offices are opened at airports or nearby of airports. From all over the world people fly in for treatment, also from the us, because it is better and cheaper. 
You get everything, even doctors treatment, if you can effort to pay for. Whether all americans can effort to pay for health treatment???
@_date: 2017-09-17 15:02:02
The US Government is not legimate authority to decide which amount of BTC is to be taxed or not or how to. It is the same for example when the US Government would make a law and a regulation for the russian rubel and the Kreml how to tax their citizen. Or people on the Mars, if there were any. Thats simply not their business, we live in the cryptoworld, which is and always should be outside the reach of us Government law and the enforcement entities.
The US Government does not provide any useful services for the cryptocommunity (the actually slow down the development), so that they dont have a legitimate right to charge or to tax or get sth. out of it.
Technically we should keep our privacy, so even if they want to tax they simply cannot do that.
@_date: 2017-09-29 19:28:38
Imao, it is just a matter of time (i think less than 15 years) before the US Dollar will be less than one satoshi worth.
People say, uhuhuh Cryptos are not backed by something uhuhuhuh ....
but, actually that is not true, they are backed by energy for the ProofofWork (or PoS) and (!!) much more important by the ingenuity (did i speel it right?) and by hard work and unleashed creativity of the developers and the supporting community!
... and the US Dollar? mhmh?
... is backed by actually nothing, exept for the FED and the whole US economy garantee for it, but do they garantee? 
Well yes they do, but garantee for nothing. US Dollars (and every other fiat crap which can be converted into US Dollar hot air) are as valuable as monopoly money, means next to nothing.
Most people still think today, that Bitcoin and other crypto are "the hot and dangerous stuff" and US Dollar is safe (lol). The only safe thing about the US Dollar is that it will loose value and fail, like all fiats do, always, 100% of all cases in history.
There is nothing special with Bolivar compared to other fiats, exept for the point of time and speed this "shitfiat" (my creation lol) did go under water.
People say, uhuhuhuh, how much Bitcoin has gone up in value compared to shity US Dollar, a few tausend times over 8 years, but ....
one Bitcoin is still one Bitcoin,
maybe the US Dollar has just lost some value...
one can see it that way too.
Sokol Mihajlovic 
Germany 
