@_author: solardensity
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:30:44
Just give away all your freedoms; who cares? If there's children to be harmed, then by golly let's just let big brother take care of us. I never said that the first amendment was more important than incarcerating child rapists, the reason you guys bring up child rapists is because it's the worst conceivable crime you can imagine, but at the end of the day Child Rape isn't an enormous problem that's out of control.
 I understand it's something that should be punished very very harshly and that it most definitely is a horrible act that only truly despicable humans could commit, but when you start compromising your freedom to try and stop whatever your emotional issue is then you are just a sheep who is a bitch to the government, sorry.
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:09:24
White nationalists on the same level as ISIS boy I wonder what your political leaning is... 
Couldn't be that Ross was filling a need that everyone wanted. We need the precious* government to come and save the day right? You're gargling too loud, get back in your lane you have no idea who or what was using SR and until you have physical proof you're saying nothing. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:30:59
Because you're so daft you don't understand the nuances of the conversation. You're focusing on pointing fingers rather than discussing the matter at hand. Child Porn had absolutely ZERO to do with what he said and for whatever reason you decided it was a good idea to claim he was okay with it. 
You are adding absolutely nothing to this conversation of value, simply pointing fingers at people for no reason.
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:41:02
Again you're pointing fingers and quite frankly the fact that you can't understand the subtle points I am trying to make just shows that you only have one thing on your mind and it's not civil discussion. Look dude, we should be given freedom first and foremost and the people who use that freedom to do bad things should be punished for sure, but if you think that we should have no ability of freedom because child porn is a thing that exists then you are part of the problem. If you don't value the things that made America a shining beacon to immigrants all those years ago, then what do you value? Anti-Trump Rallies? lol
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:15:23
This guy is talking about protecting our first amendment rights and you're talking about child pornography wtf is wrong with you? 
@_date: 2016-03-03 06:45:58
Thanks so much, I think I get the general idea now. Still pretty interesting to think about! 
@_date: 2016-03-03 06:20:17
Thanks for your response! 
Yeah it seems kind of weird right? I mean by that notion, some portion of people are always getting screwed, granted trading work for Bitcoin will help alleviate the problem, but any stores of value as far as USD go would be more or less obsolete. 
It's like me trading a lighter for fire, why would I do that when I have a lighter, the obvious better choice? 
Whomever is the last person to trade Bitcoin for USD is still giving USD, a now completely phased out currency, for bitcoin, which has value, but then what does that person do with the usd he procured from that trade? 
@_date: 2016-03-03 06:47:23
Yeah that makes sense, it's weird to imagine a world without USD, but it's definitely possible! 
@_date: 2016-03-03 06:01:41
Well both to some extent yeah? If I have a million dollars under my mattress, and the economy is converting to Bitcoin, wouldn't that million dollars be completely worthless because as a nation we've decided that Bitcoin is better? Who would trade Bitcoin for a million dollars? That would be foolish
Edit: So for arguments sake let's say everyone in the US is on Bitcoin now and I'm the last person with USD, who in the right mind would trade me for Bitcoin? That doesn't make sense?
@_date: 2016-03-03 05:53:51
So at the point that Bitcoin becomes more valuable than the US economy, what happens to the left over money? Do we just burn it? Nobody will trade Bitcoin for it because that makes no sense? 
Thanks for responding :) 
Edit: what I mean is there's always going to be at least some money left over regardless, are these people screwed if they wait until the last possible second to convert? 