@_author: solarcrypto
@_date: 2019-02-26 09:04:24
Your summary is factually incorrect.  Can we stop with the FUD?  You may not be a fan of BitLicense, but these bills aren't nearly as evil as you state.


This is a complete and utter misunderstanding.  The text of AB 1489 is here: 
AB 1489 is intended to regulate "virtual currency business activity" which in lay terms means bitcoin exchanges or payment processors.  A business simply accepting bitcoin for payment is not subject to the regulations.  Nor are individual owners of bitcoin.  This is not the Great Bitcoin Confiscation of 2019; The government is not coming for your bitcoin - at least not yet.
Section 3102(a)(25) defines "virtual currency business activity" as "Exchanging, transferring, or storing virtual currency or engaging in virtual currency administration..."  Which sounds really scary except that "exchange". "transfer", and "store" is defined in the same section in such a manner as to describe the activities of a bitcoin exchange, not the typical bitcoin user.
If there's any doubt, look at Section 3103(b)(7), which explicitly exempts the typical bitcoin user: "This division does not apply to activity by any of the following... (7) A person using virtual currency, including creating, investing, buying or selling, or obtaining virtual currency as payment for the purchase or sale of goods or services, solely on the person’s own behalf for personal, family, or household purposes or for academic purposes."
You may not like the legislation, but don't make it out to be what it isn't.  


Again, totally missing the mark.  The bill is concerned with sales and use taxes relating to "tangible personal property".  Bitcoin is intangible property, similar to stocks and bonds, and is not addressed by this bill at all.  It appears the purpose of this bill is to require retailers using online sales portals such as Amazon Marketplace ensure that California sales tax is appropriately collected.  Again, it may be something you don't like, but it's not bitcoin armageddon.
For reference, the text for AB 147 is here : 
Apologies if my reply is worded strongly.  I think u/gonzobon is correct in that there should be a high bar for stickying topics and this in my opinion doesn't meet it.  If as a community we over-react to incorrectly interpreted legislation, we dilute our arguments and credibility when the real anti-bitcoin bills pop up.  It's counterproductive.  If you are against the legislation, at least argue on point, and not by crowd sourcing misinformed opinions.
@_date: 2019-02-28 21:43:45
No offense taken, as I certainly got a little pointed myself.  I do appreciate your calling attention to our discussion in your top comment.  As I said above, I value a respectful debate, and our sidebar has certainly helped me understand your point of view better.  I hope it helps others as well.
Thanks for putting all of this on our radar.
@_date: 2019-02-26 22:13:05
You accuse me of arguing based on my "OWN PERSONAL VIEW OF WHAT THE PROPOSALS IDENTIFIED MEAN."... and you are not?
Earlier you said "So a Licensee could be ANYTHING AND ANYONE." and I pointed out that is not the case.  If it were, you can bet I'd be fighting this tooth and nail.
Similarly, I have no intent on debating whether bitcoin is tangible property - it's expressly defined *not* to be in the legislation you're referencing.  If there's ever a bill that would define bitcoin such that these proposed regulations would apply generally to bitcoin ownership as you claim, you can bet I'd be railing against it too.


I may be, but based on some of the other comments here, it appears I've informed this debate at least a little.  Those calling their state assemblypeople to oppose these bills should do so by making cogent arguments against it, not using inferred falsehoods that may result in their efforts being wasted.


Because I read your summary which said they're "proposing to ban all private (non-custodied) ownership of bitcoin."  That's not a fine point, it's a BFD which rightly freaked me out...  Until I read the legislation and determined that was not at all the case.
Because I find you're making counterfactual arguments, I'm less likely to believe your next call to action at face value.  In pointing this out, I'm actually trying to help you here.
Because when and if there is legislation that actually does come for our bitcoin, I don't want the reaction to be "Yawn. Yeah, don't worry, those guys said the same about AB 1489 and 147, and it was nothing of the sort."
@_date: 2019-02-26 09:51:04
No, you need to dig a little deeper.  The bill defines "exchange", "store", and "transfer" in a bunch of legalese, but it's meant to apply to the sorts of activities that bitcoin exchanges and payment processors do - that is, for example, exchanging bitcoin for dollars, storing it on my behalf, or transferring some bitcoin from your exchange account to my exchange account because one of us told them to.
Put differently, it's meant to regulate businesses (like Coinbase or BitPay) that take custody of your bitcoin and move it around for you.  It doesn't apply to you personally nor the retailers that you spend your coins at.
You may or may not like the idea of governments regulating bitcoin exchangers or payment processors (but let's be honest, every time an exchange turns out to be a fraud, don't a good bunch in this sub wish for more oversight?), but as I said in my post above, we should argue against the bill on point, not incorrect interpretations of it.
@_date: 2019-02-26 18:55:00
Thanks for your reply.  I value a respectful debate.
I understand your position that BitLicense type legislation is an abomination that must be defeated.  It's a battle I choose not to fight, but for you and others that wish to, I am simply suggesting that the battle be undertaken based on the true scope of the laws, which as I stated above, applies to businesses like exchanges and payment processors, not individual users, holders, or retailers who merely accept bitcoin as a form of payment.  I think the thread title "legislators launch an assault against bitcoin ownership" is misleading in that regard, though I may even concede that point on the argument that BitLicenses tend to curtail exchanges, which might tend to make it harder for someone to get their hands on bitcoin.  But, it does *not* as you stated in your summary, "[propose] to ban all private (non-custodied) ownership of bitcoin".
Even the NY BitLicense does not (Source at [1] below):








In response to your points:


Section 3102 does not exist yet because *it is part of the proposed bill*:  "(9) “Licensee” means a person licensed under this division."  
"This division" as stated in 3103(a) "governs the virtual currency business activity of a person..."  So the licensee isn't "anything and anyone", it's specifically virtual currency businesses, and *not* individual owners or retailers, as I discussed in my earlier reply.
This may be a carbon copy of BitLicense, but it applies specifically to businesses like bitcoin exchanges and payment processors.


I did not.  I merely pointed out the key limitation in the same portion you quoted:


Bitcoin is not tangible personal property ("personal property which may be seen, weighed, measured, felt, or touched, or which is in any other manner perceptible to the senses" [2]).  So nothing in AB 147 applies to anything related to bitcoin, not even someone who is solely in the business of selling bitcoin (that would fall under AB1489).
As a separate note, AB 147 seeks to regulate retail businesses in the context of collecting the appropriate sales and use taxes.  I don't think anyone is suggesting that it's seeking to apply sales taxes on sales of bitcoin itself.  I would be screaming bloody murder too if that were the case.


The specific term used is "marketplace facilitator", which is defined in Section 6041 of the bill text.  Despite the implication that "marketplace" might be a bitcoin exchange, it again boils down to those dealing with the sale of tangible personal property, so not applicable to bitcoin.


I went after your summary because it was factually incorrect.  Oppose the bill because it harms small bitcoin businesses and stifles innovation, or limits bitcoin adoption.  Not because of a false premise that it's going to regulate personal use of bitcoin, which is explicitly exempted.
Why are laws like this being proposed everywhere?  For the same reason that stock exchanges and banks got regulated.  Where money's involved, greed invariably kicks in, and people get defrauded.  And then they complain to their government...  But I digress.
If it appears I'm nitpicking terms like "market" vs "marketplace", its' because definitions are central to interpretation of legislation.  A bill could start out with "for the purposes of this division, 'bitcoin' means an unborn baby kitten."  And then, nothing in the bill would apply to actual bitcoins, even though the word bitcoin was all over the text.
If you want to oppose BitLicense type legislation because it harms bitcoin related businesses (as opposed to businesses that simply use/accept bitcoin), go for it.  Just please do so based on accurate interpretations of the legislation.  Otherwise, you may as well argue that AB1489 kills unborn baby kittens.
[1] From   Unfortunately, the DFSNY took down the PDF text of the BitLicense.  It's here in pieces for anyone curious: 
[2] As defined in Section 6016 of the portion of the CA tax code AB147 applies to.  
(Edited for formatting.)