@_author: solarpoweredhuman
@_date: 2014-01-27 18:34:40


Yeeeeeeeeah, that's not the way the law works.
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:43:12


You need to explain *why*.
I'd *like* to be wrong about this but I don't see how I can be. How can the price rise if there is no* inflow of new fiat money into the BTC ecosystem?
\* Compared to the volumes happening today.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:01:01
If the major economies of the world outlaw bitcoin exchanges then bitcoin is effectively dead in the water as far as being a useful currency.
All that has to happen is for it to be used regularly for money laundering to a large enough degree to concern major governments and it will start attracting a lot of unwanted attention.
Before disagreeing, consider that these governments are made up of the sort of people who describe the Internet as a "series of tubes". It's easier for them to ban it than to try to figure it out.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:45:52


See also: Tax evasion.
Banning bitcoins is pretty much impossible. Making them useless by taking down the exchanges is pretty trivial.
@_date: 2013-04-27 16:59:31
If the US economy continues to recover gold is going to drop a *lot* more as people dump it to invest in things that give an actual return on that investment. Even after the last drop gold is still really, really high from a historic perspective.
@_date: 2013-04-27 22:32:22


Correct! Except you are looking at it backwards.
Which is the "main" currency between USD/BTC or EUR/BTC? Right now (and for the foreseeable future) the fiat currencies are the main currencies.
Why? If you buy something with BTC that BTC will need to be converted to fiat at some point during the supply chain for nearly every product.
Sure, you can buy a car with BTC now but that dealer needs to convert BTC to USD to pay Ford (and all their other expenses). Likewise if you pay for hosting with BTC the hosting company needs USD or EUR to pay for electricity, salaries, and equipment. This is also why BTC prices for most items are tied to the current exchange rate between BTC and the fiat currency where the seller is located.
Knocking out the exchanges limits the ability to convert between BTC and fiat. If this happens the minor currency of the pair (BTC) will lose value rapidly as people try to unload it to get the main (hard) currency of the pair (USD, EUR, JPY, etc). This is exactly what can be seen every time a country tries to artificially limit their currency vs hard currencies.
If at some future point BTC becomes the main currency in BTC/USD and EUR/BTC pairs the exact opposite will happen if exchanges are taken down. We're not there yet, not even *remotely* close.


All the computing power in the world does nothing against regulators revoking an exchange's license and shutting down its bank accounts. Exchanges that need the current banking system are the weak link. Fix that problem and Bitcoin becomes pretty much indestructible and unstoppable.
@_date: 2013-04-13 12:36:06
Yes, definitely subpar overall. No doubt there are some exceptions. Japanese developed software in general is really, really bad.
@_date: 2013-05-31 04:37:56


The definition of *anything* is pretty simple when you don't have a very deep understanding of it.
@_date: 2013-04-27 17:01:50
My opinion is that the US economy is going to continue its slow recovery and gold is going to drop dramatically in value over the next few years. 
@_date: 2013-04-27 23:30:08


You keep saying that but have provided no evidence to back it up. Just believing something doesn't make it so.


If by "harden" you mean a massive drop in BTC value and losing the ability to easily convert between BTC and fiat then I guess so. If you mean something else then I'd like to hear in detail what you think it will do.
@_date: 2013-05-31 15:21:27
I think his definition of money would probably end up as something along the lines of, "Well I can't really define it concisely, *but I know it when I see it.*"
He's going on about "tweaky elitist dicks". I'm pretty sure he's trying to say it's easy to define what money is but that "tweaky elitist dicks" needlessly complicate it.
@_date: 2013-04-27 20:52:39
Removing Bitcoin exchanges would drive the price of bitcoin way *down*, not up. It would drop like a very, very large rock.
Look what happens to currencies when governments place restrictions on them and limit people's ability to exchange them for other currencies. The government may pretend their fixed exchange rate is real but on the black market currency exchanges the currency will be worth far less.
Edit: It would just take the US blocking BTC exchanges and making it known that they would be pressuring other large economies to do likewise. The panic selling while everyone unloaded their BTC as fast as possible would be insane.
Edit 2: It probably wouldn't even take that much action from the US. Just expressing "concern" about BTC and starting to investigate its "legal status" and other such bullshit would probably cause a lot of panic selling. It's never happened so no one knows for sure. It's easy to imagine it happening though.
Edit 3: Not sure who downvoted you but it wasn't me. I rarely downvote and never downvote people I'm having reasonable debates with.
@_date: 2013-04-27 17:17:19
That depends a lot on your perspective.
Japan has been languishing economically for the past *20 years*. Japan's GDP in yen for 2012 was barely different from 1993 when I first arrived here. [Source]( During that same period the [US economy grew by 2.37x](
After 20 years of economic stagnation some drastic measures are needed.
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:24:14


Yes, useless in comparison to what BTC has the potential to be. Small scale use on something like Silk Road is meaningless from an global economic perspective.
@_date: 2013-04-27 17:56:16
If all major economies shut down Bitcoin exchanges (money laundering "concerns" etc) then that will effectively shut down Bitcoin. Yes, mining can still happen and people can still trade BTC for goods (if anyone is willing to take them) but without being able to easily convert to/from fiat it will effectively be over.
@_date: 2013-04-27 17:32:23
No new gold entering the market is only a problem if there is demand for more gold than is available.
As the economic recovery continues the demand for investment gold is going to drop. Production of course has been running full-out for several years. Put the two together and I see a very big price correction coming and would not be surprised to see gold drop as far as 2006 prices. Even 2006 prices are pretty high really.
@_date: 2013-04-27 20:40:13
A war on bitcoin is not needed when shutting down exchanges is all that is necessary to keep BTC from becoming a mainstream currency.
It (probably) can't be stopped from being a black market currency but it's just taking the place of cash which is already untraceable anyway.
@_date: 2013-04-28 07:36:34


You can be certain you've lost a debate when you have nothing to say and just result to meaningless ad hominem insults instead. Thanks for the chuckle.
Edit: Changed the quote from one word "psycho" comment to his much more eloquent (lol) string of insanity.
@_date: 2013-04-28 01:02:53


Kyle Bass (like many before him) is way out of his depth when talking about Japan. Here's a counterpoint from earlier this year. It's long but worth reading if you're interested in the actual situation in Japan:
Another year has passed.  Another year without Japan seeing its economy slam to a halt.  No bond market rebellion against high levels of government debt, nor any panic of consumers in the streets.  In fact, life in Japan continues on, on the surface seemingly unchanged from last year and the years previous.
Despite the insistence of pundits and widely-quoted hedge fund managers that Japan’s economic demise is near and getting nearer, in fact the real changes in Japan, as always, are far more subtle and Japan’s economic management may prove far more effective than many expect.  In SSJ’s annual look at Japan’s economy to start the year, the focus is on deconstructing the continuing insistence of some of the world’s most well-known and successful hedge fund managers that Japan’s end is nigh.
Let us turn particularly to hedge fund investor Kyle Bass.  While we don’t generally focus on or respond to individual pundits or commentators in these pages, we’re making an exception.  Many readers have heard of Bass or have read or seen his interviews, as he is a favorite of the mainstream financial press, not only because he runs a very large and successful hedge fund, but because he likes to offer some truly entertaining quotes ? those of the type that interviewers love and do their utmost to seek out.  “Investing in Japan is like picking up a dime in front of a bulldozer,” Bass has said.  “Japan is like a bug in search of a windshield.”  “Last year they sold more adult diapers than kids diapers in Japan.”  “Japan is the most xenophopic homogenized population of any developed nation in the world.”  Bass offers other colorful quotes, but readers get the idea.  He can be entertaining.
As entertaining as he might be to some, nevertheless his oft-repeated analysis of Japan’s situation has numerous flaws ? exactly the sort that might be expected from someone who evaluates numbers on a page without really knowing anything about the country itself.
To be fair to Mr. Bass, we use his presentation on Japan’s economy offered at the Americatalyst conference in late 2012, and shown on video easily found on the internet, as the basis for showing all that he has left out of his analysis.  Bass has long seemed overly taken with Japan’s government debt which may have recently increased as high as 243 percent of GDP, depending on estimates.  “That’s [also] 25 times the size of central government tax revenue,” he reminds his audience.  “They will have a bond crisis in the next two or three years.  It will be a big one,” he states with assurance.  Even as Japan added more and more new debt in the period 1998-2005, Bass contends, the effects of falling interest rates on its much larger horde of existing debt caused overall interest costs to fall.  So now, “they spend ten and a half trillion yen on interest, when their overall central government tax take is only \42 trillion.  So they spend a quarter of what they take in on interest, and that’s [at a time ? now] when their debt is free.”
At its core, Bass’ thesis is that for any country as deeply in debt as Japan, where at least current deflation offers acceptable if not spectacular real yields to debt investors, introducing inflation will force the country to default on its debt.  Especially in Japan’s case, when rates even moving to two percent on 10Y JGBs means a near doubling of their annual interest outlay.  So, with the election of Prime Minister Abe in December and the twin engines of subsequent money-printing and fiscal stimulus now the policy, Bass has gone on record to say that this only convinces him that the timeframe for Japan’s debt troubles to start causing problems has only accelerated.  Meaning, it will be even sooner than it otherwise would have been.
One of Bass’s arguments is that Japanese government bond rates will rise, or ‘back up’, quickly, causing Japan’s JGB holders to sell them off en masse, accelerating the rate rise even more.  Japan cannot afford to pay the interest that would result, so it will have to default.  “It’s the most obvious thing I’ve ever seen in my career.  It’s just a question of when,” he insists.  Fueling his view is Japan’s disappearing current account surplus, which until recently brought in more capital from abroad that could be used to buy more JGBs.  It is now turning consistently negative.  And then there’s Japan’s retirement fun-ding guarantees to its population, which it can’t even fully fund today, much less when retirements peak in coming years, he feels.
Well, this might have some plausibility if JGB holders were all professional bond traders like Bass, sitting in front of screens all day watching the rise and fall of bond rates.  But they’re not.  Even if bond rates do rise eventually as Bass predicts, the rise will likely be slow, not fast, as the institutions that hold JGBs perceive them as their most core asset and will be reluctant to ‘dump’ them in any scenario.  The government would also provide all kinds of carrots and sticks to limit the magnitude and timing of any such sell-off.  Japanese households too, will not exactly be able to cash in their JGBs overnight.  The full influence of Japan’s government will be to tell the people that all is not so bad ? and the Japanese are, despite a recent fall in the regard they have for elected officials, still likely to give them the benefit of the doubt, especially in turbulent times.
But let’s assume Bass gets his expected JGB ‘slaughter’ and that interest rates skyrocket as he predicts.  Japan’s government bud-get will be finished due to the much higher interest rates and the difficulty of funding a deficit that is already larger than annual tax receipts.  Right?
Well, he forgets that a declining yen could drive a formidable turnaround in exports, bringing in much needed capital.  And he forgets, as has been previously pointed out in these pages, that Japan has the largest net capital surplus of any country including the US and China ? beyond $3 trillion.  Check that capital account there, Kyle.  When the yen declines, the value of remittances and repatriations from all those foreign holdings (dividends, interest, profit) denominated in foreign currencies will actually rise and improve its current account.  And he forgets that inflation in the country can improve wages and profits and growth (at least nominally) as well as the ‘velocity’ of money generally.  So the rise of inflation might by definition force households to spend ra-ther than hold onto their cash, providing a growth boost.
In addition, Bass looks at charts without knowing the country or observing the real economy (he boasts of having dinner with a senior Bank of Japan official on a recent visit).  Japan still has the full menu of structural changes to implement, and is only just beginning that implementation.  The Bank of Japan has put excess reserves into the banks, but so far banks have been unwilling to lend large amounts except to property.  Indeed, unlike other countries, many of Japan’s top non-financial corporations ? whether in beverages, IT technology, or what have you ? have significant real property holdings.  By re-inflating the property sector and having corporate loans flow to companies using their property as collate-ral, companies are already beginning to be far less capital-constrained.  Witness the resurgence of the REITs and foreign institutional interest in Tier 1 Japanese land, office buildings and apartment complexes.
Japan has also been tightening its tax regime.  While everyone has heard of the consumption tax increase scheduled for implementation in 2014 and 2015 if the economy performs well enough, in fact there have been other tax reforms that are likely to yield greater windfalls.  In a footnote to the little-read Japanese fiscal  2012 government budget document published late in 2011, Japan promised “future radical reform of the taxation system,” and it has  already started.  Japan is for the first time asking citizens to list their property and assets in foreign countries ? a requirement affecting Japanese citizens’ holding of property as of December 2013 and which are required to be reported for the first time in the spring of 2014 (these pages will focus more specifically on this topic in an upcoming issue).  While not taxed yet, establishing who holds foreign property and establishing penalties on those who omit their holdings or misstate their value ? underlies Japan’s government’s future ability to reap additional income and estate taxes.
These pages have previously discussed Japan’s potential for privatization.  Bass’s analysis does not at all include the value the national as well as regional and municipal governments can gain from sales of their immense holdings of assets including NTT, Japan Tobacco, JR Railways, Japan Post, state oil exploration companies, JOGMEC stakes, JAPEX stakes, RIKEN stakes, DBJ stakes, refining assets, telecom assets, property, tokushu hojin (look it up Kyle), stakes in banks like Aozora and Shinsei; and parks, sanitation, retail, eldercare facilities and more.
(continues below...)
@_date: 2013-04-28 05:49:20
A dreamworld eh? That's cute and definitely very original. I love how you back it up with stated reasoning and balanced arguments, just like many of your other replies.
@_date: 2013-04-28 00:02:21


Actually it's not. Look at the value of BTC before exchanges came online and after they came online and made buying/selling BTC relatively easy. Remove the exchanges and things go back to how they were before, probably very quickly and very messily.


At no point have I ever said that anyone (government or otherwise) could turn Bitcoin off or even control it. In fact I have said the opposite several times.
What they *can* do is shut down the exchanges with relative ease. In the US this could be done with securities, banking, or "money transmitter" regulations, all of which are nightmarish. In Japan the regulations are if anything worse, even PayPal can't offer personal fund transfers in Japan.


You're assuming that given the choice between BTC and fiat that most people will choose BTC and thus drive up demand &amp; BTC prices. This is incorrect as BTC is not yet able to stand on its own without fiat currencies, yet fiat currencies can (and do) stand on their own without BTC. The result is that people who need fiat (pretty much everyone at this point) will have little choice but to sell their BTC resulting in a substantial drop in demand and value. Merchants will also stop accepting BTC if they can't convert it back to fiat to cover their expenses and pay suppliers.
Edit: To put this another way, removing the exchanges would do *nothing* to reduce the number of bitcoins available for sale. It would however greatly reduce the amount of cash available to buy bitcoins as people will no longer have easy to use (and fund) trading platforms to buy with. The result is a forced decrease in demand for bitcoins without any decrease in supply. Less demand, same supply --&gt; price goes down. People trying to sell to get back to fiat would just put more downward pressure on the price.
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:30:07
As expected you have nothing to refute my points. Loosen the tinfoil hat a bit, it's cutting off the blood flow to your brain.
(BTW, I enjoyed your throwaway account comment that you deleted. Your rants are entertaining but I'm a bit concerned about your mental stability.)
@_date: 2013-04-28 16:58:15
Japan needs moderate inflation. It's been stuck in a deflationary spiral for most of the time I have been here (2 decades). Moderate inflation is not a bad thing as long as it is accompanied by at least equivalent salary increases.
@_date: 2013-04-27 23:15:27


You're welcome to disagree with me but your disagreement has no impact on the correctness of what I have written. Exchanges are an obvious weak point in the system that needs to be addressed (if it can be).


You have completely misunderstood my standpoint on BTC. I want BTC to succeed and am worried about what I see as a very big problem with the way it is set up currently. I don't have a solution to that problem but I can see that it needs to be fixed.


I am not American and would never wish to be.
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:40:34
Having worked with Japanese-developed software in the past I'd say you'd be damn lucky to find that Mt.Gox engineers have the same level of tech competence.
@_date: 2013-04-28 08:21:46
Here are my points in the shortest possible way I can write them:
BTC is not magically immune to the basic principles of economics. If fiat inflows are dramatically reduced BTC will fall in value. If the ability to convert from BTC to fiat is publicly threatened panic selling will ensue. These are not my opinions, these are statements of fact based on simple economics.
To stop these events from potentially taking place you need a way to move between BTC and fiat (in large volumes) that can not be controlled through the existing financial system.
If you want to become the next multi billionaire start working on figuring out such a system. It's something I spend time thinking about but have yet to come up with an answer for.
@_date: 2013-04-28 01:06:05
(...continued from above)
And there are also things Japan can do that it hasn’t’ even started on doing.  A pharmaceutical company in Japan spends money wining and dining port industry executives and officials.  Why?  Because officials regularly get away with substantial inconsistencies in what they charge similarly-situated companies trading goods into and out of Japan.  When Japan gets to a point of implementing real oversight over such large industries and auditing their own tax and fee collectors, they will find a windfall of opportunities to impose penalties and bring a more consistent implementation to their tax regime, resulting in trillions of extra yen in revenues every year.
Nor has Bass accounted for the fact that Japan’s recent first-in-decades current account deficit is the result of having to import oil and gas to replace nuclear power, which generated over thirty percent of Japan’s electricity before the March 11, 2011 earthquake and tsunami.  With a likely return to nuclear-generated electricity in some amount, those are yen that will no longer be spent on importing gas and oil.
The lower yen will also stimulate Japan’s tourist industry, long a focus of Japanese government efforts to stimulate the economy.  The tourist and airline industries have already been actively promo-ting travel to Japan with Japanese government financial support.  When Japan gets seven million annual visitors and a much tinier Singapore welcomes twelve million, imagine how tourism might grow if the yen is twenty, thirty or more percent, cheaper.
As we reported last year (SSJ, April and May 2012) and confirm elsewhere in this issue, Japan is also likely to allow casino gambling as part of the effort not only to promote tourism, but to keep its own rich gamblers who have been tempted to fly to Macao, Singapore, and other locales, at home.  That will be even more likely if budget problems occur, because the tax windfall would be substantial ? on the order of tens of billions of dollars a year in this nation where pachinko is larger than auto manufacturing.
Japan’s household and corporate sector have a lot of cash that can be taxed and/or invested when the country creates a pro-per environment for capital to be put to work.  Japan’s household savings rate may have fallen to nothing, and the government may have an enormous debt level.  But its households still have more than \1500 trillion in bank account and postal savings and insurance. And neither its households nor its corporations have debt levels anywhere near the levels of households or corporations in the US or Europe.  There is also substantial undisclosed personal wealth in the form of jewelry, precious metals, coins, art, artifacts etc., a fact these pages have reported on in the past but which doesn’t merit a line on Bass’ Japan spreadsheet.
And Japan’s big holding of US treasuries, will it not be sold off if Japan really gets that desperate?  In which case, what will be the effect of such sales?
So Bass in his calculation sees a one-dimensional dynamic.  Inflation will bring a bond market rout as bond yields climb, JGBs are dumped, and the government is forced to default.  But the failing in his analysis is that the entire sequence of events is not linear and cannot be modeled.  His expectations for Japan take no account of how inflation and/or a weaker yen could affect privatizations, the capital surplus, or the pace of economic growth; or how any of these could postpone or fully eliminate the dire consequences he sees as inevitable.  They take no account for structural economic and social policy changes Japan can make to retirement and pension law, immigration, labor, tourism, or tax policies over time.  No account for changes in how taxes and social policies could be enforced or even decentralized, allowing prefectures and municipalities to sell their own (municipal) bonds in a few years, for example.  No accounting for the fact that the 240 percent ratio of debt to GDP he so often cites uses ‘gross’ debt, and when you net out what various Japanese government entities owe each other, Japan’s net debt is actually about half that figure.  In the longer term, neither is there any accounting for how technology (robotics) and medicine (improved lifestyles and productivity) and energy-savings technologies in production (in which Japan arguably leads the world) might help hold off his ’inevitable’ economic disaster.
One thing we do agree with Bass on, is his statement about not falling for ‘anchoring biases’: “Don’t let these anchoring biases get to you, where the press constantly repeats something and it becomes axiomatic over time.  You have to really think about what’s going on,” he advises.  Very true.  Bass should act on his own words when it comes to Japan ? Japan’s debt poses real concern but there are both short and long-term factors which can delay it, mitigate it, even render it wholly insignificant.
For readers of these pages, mostly senior managers of and investors in companies with significant Japan orientation, the important thing, we believe, is to always keep in mind that real productive assets, such as companies with growth potential generally, as well as those in Japan with unappreciated and undervalued assets, are worth investing in.  Our knowledge of Japan’s companies, CEO millionaire families, size, substantial wealth, and significant untapped technology all contribute to our view that Japan may actually be relatively better positioned for a debt crisis than any other developed nation.
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:09:20
Expanding a bit on the taking down of exchanges: Look what has already happened in Canada. Exchanges that aren't considered to be properly licensed have had their bank accounts frozen and closed. 
Without access to the banking system to send/receive funds there is no way to operate a useful exchange. Currently Canada does allow Bitcoin exchanges to get licensed but if they revoke those licenses (and stop issuing them) there will be no more exchanges in Canada. The same thing could happen in *any* country with financial regulation in place.
With all banking transactions tracked, and every transaction over $10k automatically reported, it is not possible to run any sort of reasonable exchange under the radar. Yes, you can do p2p meetups and buy/sell bitcoins and this is fine for relatively small transactions. The problem is that this won't scale and that will severely limit the usefulness and value of Bitcoins.
To be clear, I don't want this to happen to BTC and I am planning to increase my BTC holdings over the coming months. I do believe in the currency's potential but I am reasonable about it and understand that it can be effectively neutralized should the major (G7) governments decide to do so.
@_date: 2013-04-27 20:23:03
If you can create an entire black market economy that exists solely using BTC then exchanges lose a lot of their importance.
At the current time that does not exist. You can buy things on Silk Road using BTC but those sellers are converting their BTC to USD or EUR to buy more shite to sell to you. If *they* aren't doing that conversion then the distributor above them will be. Illiterate poppy farmers in Afghanistan aren't going to be taking BTC payments anytime soon.
There's also the issue that not everything can be bought on the black market. What happens when you want to buy something like that? Back to the exchange problem again.
As long as fiat money is required at any point in the supply chain of any product you want to buy the exchanges remain the weak point of any crypto currency.
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:19:42


I think you need to read up on money laundering laws and treaties. If BTC is declared to be enabling money laundering (true or not) then most banks won't touch anything to do with BTC with a 100ft pole.
What happened to [Banco Delta Asia]( is a good example of this:
In March 2007, the U.S. Treasury ordered U.S. companies and financial institutions to cut links with the bank on account of allegations concerning BDA's business with the government of North Korea
[T]he bank remains under U.S. sanction and is therefore unable to conduct business in either U.S. dollars or in Hong Kong dollars. The sanctions are said to have intimidated other banks from doing business with North Korea and disrupted the country's system for transferring foreign exchange. Macau has responded by stepping up enforcement of anti money laundering laws.
As I said in a separate reply, I don't want this to happen to BTC. However if BTC gets big enough to be considered a threat to the existing financial system it *will* get a lot of unwanted (and probably unwarranted) attention.
@_date: 2013-04-27 19:53:55
That sort of acronym isn't generally considered to be a word.
In any case, they were fined $1.9 *billion* for money laundering last year and the investigation is ongoing into other accusations.
Here's another example for you: Citibank in Japan. They've had major restrictions placed on their Japan operations by the Japanese government because they didn't follow the Japanese money laundering rules properly. If they continue to fuck things up they'll likely lose their banking license.
So, your point was...?
@_date: 2013-04-27 22:45:38


If that were the case it would have already happened. A couple of exchanges in Canada have already been shut down for "improper licensing" and it's unlikely they will be the last. I think one of the smaller US-based exchanges shut down recently as well, also due to losing their bank account. If Japan decides to shut down MtGox things will get interesting fast. (Japan has some of the strictest banking laws in the world so I won't be too surprised if it happens.)


Admitting to tax evasion is not a smart thing to do, there is always a chance of it coming back to bite you in the ass.
Person2Person transactions are fine for smaller amounts but not workable if you wish to move 10s or 100s of thousands of dollars (or more). This probably doesn't apply to you (no offense) but there are many who hold that value or more in BTC.