@_author: solmundr
@_date: 2019-03-23 14:30:11


Every society is different, so direct comparisons can be trickier than it seems at first glance; perhaps China is organized in a close-to-optimal way for its people and culture.
 That being said, there are denser populations with less crime -- and "Western-style" governance. I don't know if "well it's a big place that needs safety" can justify everything, especially when it's not the safest big place.
Apologies if I've misunderstood your point.
@_date: 2017-04-15 07:55:35
I have no idea what's right, and the whole debate seems extremely hard to call from an "uneducated hobbyist" perspective like my own; but here it looks like provided an explanation as to why the paper is wrong. Isn't that a starting point for dialog? Are his points argued against elsewhere?
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:21:04


Why not? There's no reason to tie "one bitcoin" to "one dollar", or whatever. I don't know where the price will stabilize, but I wouldn't be too surprised if it stuck around $70. (I hope, of course, to be proven drastically wrong as it stabilizes at $1,250...)
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:48:06
I saw that bitcointip thing and signed up, and it gives you a small amount to start with... so now I look at that increase just from two days ago, a huge percentage even if only cents at the moment, and bubble or not I'm having fantasies of becoming independently wealthy by growing my bitcoin balance. Let a man dream, dammit! 
Now, if only there were a way to fondle my bitcoins...
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:54:43
That comment seemed oddly heated for such a mild discussion. I'm not sure how bizarre or paranoid it is, considering the track record of governments in general and some governments in particular. The obvious example of why this is relevant is Cyprus -- as different as that country may be from Canada. More than that, just consider all the trouble the "financial establishment" has gotten us into over here in America; I do have my doubts that it is impossible for all the movers and shakers in Canadian banking to cause trouble for the average Joe.
If you even *have* Joes up there.
Nevertheless, I don't think securing one's money from the government is high on the list of the average Canadian's priorities, so it's probably better to concentrate on the advantages to merchants and consumers alike re: no charge-backs... but that doesn't mean the OP ought to neglect to mention how Bitcoin gives back some "power to the people/individual", because that *is* a big thing.
@_date: 2013-04-03 04:13:25
You make excellent points, but someone recently posted a [link]( to two articles arguing that bitcoin use is increasing in kind with bitcoin price. That said, I am a bit reluctant to actually use my own bitcoin, for the reason you state -- though I *will* use it, and am, in small amounts.
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:28:25


Mine has changed tremendously, and so have the lives of my most of my peers. If you're engaged with technology at all, the Internet has probably had large effect on your life, directly or indirectly; it's had a pretty big effect on the entire developing world, come to that, so maybe there aren't even as many exceptions as I first thought. Considering both personal and large-scale banking now vs. 1990, for just one relevant example.
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:35:32


Well, that contradicts what you said in your original comment. The Internet *has* drastically changed how we do business anyway, though -- you're pointing out differences, then waving them away like somehow they shouldn't count because "the same [type of] people are making money." That's a pretty odd criterion in the first place, but you also neglect to consider volume: do you think any mail-order catalog could do what Amazon does? (How would I even run across the more obscure catalogs?) How about Amazon MP3? What about game sales, considering online multiplayer is the biggest part of the industry now? Have you considered the worldwide move to "e-banking"? Even small businesses here are doing everything online. Etc., etc.
 (That's all without directly considering how the ability to access, search, and share huge databases has impacted such disparate areas as genetics, finance, and porn -- and I don't consider it simply because it's too huge for this lazy poster to do justice.)
@_date: 2013-04-03 19:56:00
Norton is pretty bloated (it uses a lot of system resources), and while I can't speak for how good it is nowadays, a year or two ago it was practically worthless in terms of keeping up with viruses etc.
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:00:31


I think it's going to slowly climb right back up there, though -- Bitcoin is just too useful to abandon, at least until/if something better comes along. (I'm hard-pressed to think about what *could* be better, as "e-cash", unless the problems with scaling Bitcoin are more serious than I know.) I was briefly entranced by the quick climb to $266/BTC and thought it might continue to explode like that, but even before it plummeted I did [say]( I didn't think it would fall to below ~$70, and it recovered even more quickly than I'd hoped.
Now I'm just waiting for it to hit a price that can turn my ฿.22 into lots and lots of drugs. (It's always been my goal, because I smoke quite a bit... but yes, I am also hoping there might be a tip or two left lyin' around. $100 in the blink of an eye with a reddit bot! I can't believe such a thing can even *happen!*)
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:44:53
*Thank you!* I'm getting so excited about this bitcoin stuff. I remember thinking, after that big hack a while ago, "I should get some now while they're cheap; maybe they'll make it to $30 or more!" I wish I'd listened to myself... but now my bitcoin wealth is growing, little by little. :D
@_date: 2013-04-05 00:07:26
These points are *really* important, IMO. I hope the OP sees this.
I've talked about Bitcoin to a lot of random people whose engagement with technology ends with Twitter and Facebook. These points that zephDub has listed are probably the **three main criticisms** I've seen leveled at Bitcoin -- and these are great, simple, accurate ways to show those who are starting from square one.
I've found that explaining the technical details generally means nothing to people who aren't already into it to some degree, but a simple comparison like "it's exactly as secure as online banking" is a reliable, solid reference point they can store away and reason with.
@_date: 2013-03-28 20:40:57
I hope I'm not too late, but I won't be too upset if I am, 'cause we're long past 10 replies. Thanks in any case!
@_date: 2013-04-04 18:02:11
I think third-party services like blockchain.info are good for people who don't have a lot invested in bitcoins and don't need or want complex or time-consuming security measures. I probably never would have got into Bitcoin if it hadn't been so easy to use. Don't forget that ease of use is very important to the general public.