@_author: solomon108
@_date: 2015-08-17 23:59:51
These are a few suggestions: Take control of your retirement savings etc. Turn your assets into precious metals. Closely follow the progress of cryptocurrencies such as Ivugeo Coin, BitCoin and others. 
Bitcoin Exchange 
Follow the progress of precious metals. Expect gold to climb to unprecedented heights. When you see the signs of gold's downward motion, sell and buy whatever cryptocurrency looks set to be the market leader. 
Keep in mind, Bitcoin is not backed by gold, Ivugeo is. I don't own either but I am watching the progress of both. As recently as yesterday the idea was floating around that gold should be given no more than an industrial value. Today Ivugeo emerges as a ”gold standard”. But that doesn't mean Ivugeo will beat Bitcoin.
And now for some bad news - but remember, a mine field is only dangerous if you don't know the way through - It is expected that the supermarket shelves will be empty by noon on the 15th of September 2015. Please stay out of the way of the crowds racing to the stores on the 15th! Calmly begin to stock up on emergency supplies today. Stock up on plenty of WATER, fill the bathtub, fill every empty container you can find. Stock up on canned/tinned soups especially lentil soup and vegetable soup. Stock up on soap, brown sugar, salt, medicine, reading glasses, candles, matches, PET FOOD, (don't forget your best friends), your pets count on you to protect them. If you can afford to stock up on emergency supplies for a period of about three to four months you should be covered. 
Stocking up on emergency supplies and taking steps to protect your assets does not mean you've become a tinfoil-hat conspiracy theorist. It means that you're being realistic.
Above all, please, be calm. If the change-over goes smoothly, you can trade your precious metals for altcoins. And a store of emergency supplies can only be a good thing. If uninformed people panic, and the Greek and Chinese scenarios play out, these simple precautions will be the smartest moves you've ever made.
@_date: 2015-08-17 23:49:30
It was planned years ago to replace the existing printed currency with a new tTdigital currency called cryptocurrency. If you have never heard of cryptocurrency you should learn now, because cryptocurrency is poised to take over the global economy in a few weeks. 
Yes, I said, in a few weeks. In fact, those who are in the know consider cryptocurrency to be the new gold standard. Just off the press today: “Ivugeo Coin — the Gold Standard of Cryptocurrency Is Here”.
Ivugeo is a cryptocurrency backed by gold. Other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Litecoin, Peercoin, Primecoin, Novacoin, Digitalcoin and Stablecoin are not backed by gold. Cryptocurrencies are also called altcoins. While there are now 83 altcoin currencies, Bitcoin’s market cap (at over $10 billion) is the highest. 
Google the latest news about Bitcoin: 
“Bitcoin Poised To Redefine Wall Street”. 
“DailyTradingProfits Taiwanese Company Brings Bitcoin to 10,000 Convenience Stores”. 
“CEX.io Launches Bitcoin Exchange Service in Latin America”. 
“Helsinki, Finland has made the news as the official home of Europe’s first bitcoin ATM”. 
“Australia Ready to Treat Bitcoin as a Regular Currency”. 
“Japanese E-Commerce Giant Rakuten Begins Accepting Bitcoin in US”.
“American Bitcoin giant Coinbase, is ready to launch its services in the United Kingdom.
“The Isle of Man initiative believes regulation can push Bitcoin towards the mainstream. 
“JPMorgan Star Blythe Masters Leads Digital Currency Startup”.
“London takes the lead in Bitcoin innovation”. 
“Goldman a Lead Investor in Funding Round for Bitcoin”.
“The next generation of currency - Bitcoin Store”.
If you missed the Bitcoin boat, you may want to check out some of the other altcoins. While, there’s no guarantee that any of the other altcoins will perform as well as Bitcoin, there's also no guarantee that Bitcoin is going to remain the altcoin frontrunner. 
Bitcoin is not backed by gold. Ivugeo Coin is backed by gold. By following the gold standard, Ivugeo Coin ensures that the value of its currency remains intact. Ivugeo exchange is under development and will be launched soon along with the introduction of silver standards. 
Look at this headline again: 
“Bitcoin Poised To Redefine Wall Street DailyTrading Profits”.
Such a major shift cannot take place without shifting the ground under your feet! The dollar is a thing of the past. Paper money is a thing of the past. If you're still holding on to paper money, it's time to get rid of it. If you don't get rid of it now, you are going to be ruined. Look at Greece. Look at China. The U.S. is next on the agenda. And within hours of the U.S. the rest of the world will follow. And no, I'm not advocating that you buy altcoins; I'm suggesting you turn your worthless paper money into precious metals while the different altcoins vie for the position of market leader. 
Adopting an attitude that a financial meltdown can't happen in the United States is foolish. Empires rise and fall. And countries that were once wealthy do go broke. The Greeks truly believed it couldn't happen to them, until it did in 2009. When the stock market resumed trading in Athens a week ago, shares in Greek banks crashed 30%. But not all Greeks suffered. Those who were forewarned made fat profits. 
The Chinese population felt as safe as houses one month ago. Then $3 trillion were wiped off Chinese stock markets in the space of 3 weeks. But not all Chinese are suffering. During any financial crisis, a small number of people in the know make colossal profits. China's elite comprises a clutch of eight families with very close ties to the global elite. I lived in China for decades, so I know.
The next country set to crash is the United States, and the crash will be heard all over the world. 
The United States is going to wake up on September 14, 2015 to a financial disaster that will dwarf the combined disasters of Greece and China. 
The whole world is going to be hit by the fallout. If you're British and you think you won't be affected, wake up and smell the fertilizer. Because if you don't wake up now you are going to be slaughtered. 
If you're Norwegian you probably feel sheltered from the financial woes of the rest of the world, because the Norwegian krone is not pinned to the dollar. Oil will be used to force Norway to enter the new crypto-economy. 
Norway has the world's biggest Sovereign wealth fund, and the Norwegian Krone is not pinned to any other currency, so the Norwegian Bank thought it would be unscathed. But Norway has to align with the crypto-economy, so the bottom has fallen out of the price of oil.
In the United States it is predicted that stock markets and banks will close their doors at noon on 14 September 2015 and it is not known when they will reopen. By Tuesday 15, September 2015, we will know where we stand, but tragically that may be too late for some. 
To break away from an entrenched economic system and implement an entirely different system, is going to be a wrenching experience. But it will not cripple you financially if you prepare! 
The Chinese financial crisis was orchestrated to trigger the global collapse of the current economic system, and the implementation of a global digital economic system based on cryptocurrency. Greece was caught unawares. Most Greeks still have no idea what destroyed their countries economy. But the small number of Greeks who were prepared, gained fortunes. Greece was followed by China and China was also unprepared.
Capital exodus from China reaches $800bn as crisis deepens China reverts to credit stimulus after attempts to engineer a stock market boom failed horribly. 
Please heed this wake-up call! 
A new form of economy cannot be implemented without first tearing down the existing economy.
The financial collapses in Greece and China were engineered as part of the plan to replace the current global economy with a new crypto-economy. 
The emergence of a crypto-economy can only come about through the collapse of the existing global economy. 
Greece's financial demise and China's financial demise were carefully orchestrated to introduce the global crypto-economy. Don't ignore the warning signs. 
China's stock markets plunged even further today, intensifying fears the country was tail-spinning towards the biggest financial disaster since the 1929 Wall Street crash.
 
China's capitalist nobility were completely shielded from the financial meltdown because they were involved in the planning stages. Chinese who were not involved but who saw the warning signs will emerge from the turmoil as a new wealthy, elite.The next economy to crash will be that of the United States. And the sound of the crash will be heard all over the world. Are you one of those who will ignore this warning?
If you're English, Scottish, Welsh, Irish, you are not safe! Protect your assets! When America falls the whole world will shake. 
If you are a Norwegian you feel certain your countries economic policies have got you covered. But Norway has to align with the new digital economy. Norway is heavily reliant on oil. 
It's harder for Norway to deal with plunging oil prices than a global financial meltdown. 
The Norwegian Krone is not immune from the new crypto-coin. Norwegians, protect yourself.
Everyone, everywhere, please protect yourselves. Do your own research. Stay informed.
Take steps now to secure what you have worked for your entire life. 
Continued below.