@_author: solquin
@_date: 2014-03-14 21:17:00
The reason bitcoin has value is because the demand for it rises faster than new coins are mined. If more people want to buy your bitcoins tomorrow than today, and we don't mine enough to fill that demand, then your bitcoins will be worth more.
The problem Buffet sees(possibly accurately) is that as demand rises, lots of smart people are going to note that getting in on the ground floor of a Bitcoin style entity is very profitable.  Since it is relatively easy to set up an alternative coin, many will spring up(we're already seeing some of this).  Given the high price of bitcoin and the initially low price of the alternate currencies, some of the new ones will catch on.  Since these coins act fundamentally the same as bitcoin, just with their own exchange rate, their cheaper price will divert some demand from Bitcoin to the alt-coins.  This reduction in aggregate demand for Bitcoins will reduce Bitcoins price. 
This is bad for people who are buying bitcoins to make money by selling them after they appreciate, but good for cryptocurrencies.  The major problem bitcoin has, currently, is that it lacks one of the basic qualities of a currency: it is a reliable(read: stable) store of value.  Buffet has previously commented on this.  If I'm a vendor, one of the major reasons I might not want to accept Bitcoin is that in order to feel safe, I need to immediately exchange my Bitcoins for a stable currency.  But if I'm doing that, I'm probably pretty tempted to just charge in that currency and cut out the middle man.  If I just bank my coins for a while, they may change drastically in value.  If I could safely just hold on to my Bitcoins and exchange them for my other currencies of choice at my leisure, or buy things myself, for basically the same amount I could have on the day of the sale, that's much more convenient.
If there's hundreds of bitcoin clones out there all competing using things like security and ease of use features, the market cap of cryptocurrencies will spread out over the various coin flavors. The best varieties will be worth more, and Bitcoin probably will always have a name-recognition advantage that boosts it's value. But in general, this will reduce the price of each individual currency but will also stabilize the price of each.   
@_date: 2014-03-21 19:07:58
I've never seen one of these.  What can I do at these?  Can I put in cash and get bitcoin transfered to my wallet?  Can I pay bitcoins and get cash?  What fees apply to those trasactions?  How is the "converstion rate" determined?