@_author: solutiondenied
@_date: 2018-03-16 06:19:39
Yes, there would be no worries for most people in a short time.
Gold was nationalized even in the USA for smaller reason than worldwide EMP attack. There are no winners of this alternative. If the economy is destroyed even the most rich people would live much worse than middle class now.
The best use of gold ingots would be probably using them as a weapon.
@_date: 2018-03-06 15:29:39
i do not recall telling them that
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:24:07
Your situation in 12 month's time will be regretting.
@_date: 2018-03-16 05:51:20
Fiat is destroyed by EMP. Fiat is from over 90% just electronic money. Even if the bills and coins survive, then the reallocation of the 90%+ monetary property would be so massive that a new money would be issued to avoid social unrest.
Most of bitcoins would survive with offline backups. Mining would be disrupted, but probably would be possible to start over again.
@_date: 2018-03-16 01:05:30
That is exactly why some people (like Osho) have certain sympathies for Hitler.
Most people do not do anything, just repeat the social order around them. It is even worse. And without those people even Hitler would not do anything.
@_date: 2018-03-16 19:53:42
What is happening with bitcoin is variance so far. You can think it is ridiculous, but it is true. I am being paid in crypto and I pay in crypto.
I was talking about Argentina in the past or Venezuela. About running inflation or even hyperinflation. When those things happen the cryptoswings are justified, because the risk and volatility of the fiat currency is simply higher than the  swings of crypto plus there is not certain depreciation of that crypto compared to fiat.
I pay my employees for years and so far they are ok with that for obvious reasons. I am ok with that as well. Yes it can go down much more than you say and it can go up much more. Or tomorrow we will see another credit crunch and bigger depression than in 1929. Those are risks of the life and some people swallow them differently. Whales have much less incentive to tank their currency than "independent" central banks which are in fact under the pressure of governments. I am taking that risk and my employees as well.
So far so good for us. I understand that for you it is ridiculous and after all for majority of people it is, because they are not in crypto. Still the amounts of insiders grow. Now even my bankers are starting to hodl (not transacting still though).
@_date: 2018-03-07 11:41:47
Exactly. Regretting or feeling bad of missed opportunities is the drive that forces me to do better. Also I bought at 200 and 180 then at least. But life is just a chain of failures.
@_date: 2018-03-16 04:23:42
Why should a capitalistic megacorporation invest into a new technology and push it with high costs? It is not a realistic estimation. And even if it were then it makes no sense to be dependent on it. The best that can come from Starbucks and BTC is another short term rally of speculators.
Bitcoin has to penetrate the grey markets and failed states. Areas where common money is hard or too costly to use. Opportunity costs which are credit card fees from one coffee is not high enough to justify the costs of the switch.
@_date: 2018-03-16 21:42:23
That is maybe true on collective basis (there is no evidence of it in modern economy).
I can assure you that as hodler I am spending. I am spending less and much more carefully, but I am spending. E.g. I am planning to spend 5-10 M for properties and build there a mansion afterwards. I could buy it now, but I am waiting until next halving.
As you are aware there are two camps in economy: one says that money is neutral in spending (the crazy right winders) and second say that central banks can play with inflation and money supply forever without adverse effects.
I think the truth is in the middle. I think it from the theoretical standpoint, but I observe it on my own psychology as well. I am not spending now as much as I would otherwise, but I definitely will spend it.
Either way, the bitcoin is not here for overall good. It is not a change for better system. It is a selfish self-interest that will either win or lose, but it will not be a win or lose for a better system overall. Bitcoin really does not give a fuck about macroeconomics or whether Keynes was right or Austrians were right. Bitcoin is not a tool for economic policy. It is something that will negate it (in case it succeeds).
So, even if you do not agree with me and you are sure that deflationary economy is a disaster: Take bitcoin as a nuclear weapon. Nuclear weapons also do not bring anything good to people. But once they are here, they stay and they change the policy and wars. Many things that were possible before nuclear weapons are now simply impossible. The same situation will happen with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-16 13:05:34
You are right. I forgot that no one has blockchains carved. 
@_date: 2018-03-16 18:50:17
People convert to and out of crypto in bulk/bigger payments. Once it is in crypto the anonymity can be achieved at additional costs which will hopefully go down with time.
For example I pay my employees from cold wallet. They convert when they need to pay their bills just once. The costs are bearable.
Yes, now it is not that much needed and they want to be paid in BTC because it is easier for them and for me as well and it is cheaper because of taxes. But in case of some economic disaster like Argentina over a decade ago, this setup is not bad. People will not lose purchasing power during the few weeks after conversion and they are even able to save money even when their home economy is in shit.
@_date: 2018-03-16 07:43:02
Really? The banks are making offline backups with any transaction? How?