@_author: somalova
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:53:18
I've been in this for about a week, so I am new too. But here are a few things I've been noticing. 
* Fear. Fear is the driving force behind all these trends, outside of actual news or facts (announcements, partnerships, adoption). Fear of missing out is what causes people to buy high, as people attempt to chase an already missed train that is accelerating into unknown all time highs. Fear is also the thing that causes people to sheepishly sell as the price drops as this high results in a natural correction, or price drop. 
* Speculation. No one knows what the hell is going on. All this technical analysis stuff is all coincidental, unless they are pairing the trends with actual facts, mentioned above. trying to "time the market" is extremely risky. You will possibly make some small profits, but also cut yourself short in the long term. 
* The dips are a natural part of the crypto markets. Do not be alarmed. This is why so many people state HODL, and those that have weak hands sell.
You will learn to develop your own philosophy on the crypto market, just like I have my opinion on crypto community as a whole and this volatile market. Keep a level head on your shoulders and remember to breathe and stay calm. Don't be one of those users that posts in the subs asking, "should I buy or sell?" There is enough of that shit right now, and its frustrating to see because it takes away from actual discussion. Find a project you believe in, invest money you can afford to lose, and hold onto it. Don't let FOMO or FUD trigger you to do something stupid, like panic sell/buy. Be reasonable. 
I think crypto will explode over the upcoming months. Dips are inevitable, but I am confident that it will be net positive in the end. Again, this is my opinion, but crypto is so young and awareness is spreading rapidly. 
Hope this helps, from one noobie to another. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 18:40:11
No problem. I've lost all kinds of sleep and my studying became an issue because I let fear dictate my emotions earlier this week as BTC rose, and the alt coins dipped. I was afraid. This happens to everyone, but I hope that when it does occur to us we can use our head and make rational decisions, and not let our impulsive emotions get the better of us. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:42:05
What is with the price difference between trade view for BTC and coin base? Tradeview currently states BTC is 13.3k, while coin base states it is 14.3k. 
Any explanation? 
@_date: 2017-12-18 00:59:41
What time does CME futures begin trading tomorrow?
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:38:31
dude is trolling. 