@_author: someguy123_
@_date: 2014-10-16 13:38:02
I don't think so. Banks hand out accounts to minors all the time. I've heard of this in the US, and have seen it in the UK.
Here in the UK, legally you can get a joined to your parents bank account at 11, and a personal not-linked-to-your-parents bank account at the age of 16 and use it on Amazon (which has no minimum age, only 13 minimum for commenting) to buy anything you want. The only catch is that every retailer has a different age requirement, Amazon is the only retailer I know of which has no age requirement, most (including PayPal) require 18 years old, nevertheless there are a few such as Amazon who quite happily allow those of any age to use their service legally, as long as they have a card.
The ages vary based on the bank, but I do know most banks here quite happily provide accounts to those under 18, even 100% individual accounts which aren't related to their parents.
Here's an excerpt from [HSBC's]( (a UK bank) website:




And another from [Barclays]( which has separate accounts for those 11-15, and those 16-17:










From this, I know that as a financial institution, at least in the UK, Coinbase could probably offer accounts to minors, which would give them an advantage over other payment processors, since minors would be legally able to use Coinbase unlike PayPal which requires you to be 18 (despite the fact that people in the UK can get a card at the age of 11)
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:45:58
Well, previously there was actually a problem with the RNG used by a certain android Bitcoin wallet which caused some peoples keys to get compromised.
Not certain if it was Android's fault, or the Bitcoin Wallet itself.
@_date: 2014-09-09 09:27:48
Some people claim it was probably a miner putting in satoshi's email as a joke on the checkout page, and the site never actually verifies that he owned it, but just sent the invoice there. 
@_date: 2014-05-18 22:58:45


I'm building for this project, but I'm wondering, would I need to open source it from the start, or after the "best platform" is chosen?
I would prefer after, as this would allow me to offer my software to someone else. If I have to open source my software from the start, and I don't win the bounty, then all of my efforts were in-vain, and the resale value of the code that I have written effectively drops to zero.
Another question is, how do you propose funding works? I believe the most decentralized model is for a user to post their address in a "Bitcoin Address" field, and users send directly to their address. We show the progress towards x amount by checking the blockchain, either through the Bitcoin Daemon, or an API such as Blockchain.info. On the other hand, this opens up risk of fraud.
To help combat the fraud of an escrow-less system, I will implement "account verification" similar to BitJam where the funding page would show "User's Facebook verified", "Government ID (passport, drivers licence) verified" etc.
I'd love to know 's opinion on how funding should work so that I can build my software appropriately.
Sometime in the next 7 days (hopefully) I will have the platform built to the basic requirements and open to public beta testing.
@_date: 2014-09-09 10:19:59
Added.  Thanks. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:46:18
Tl;dr; Yes. Electrum generates them securely unlike brainwallet.org
@_date: 2014-10-16 11:02:03
As of yesterday. (I'm not coinbase)
Check your emails if you previously had an account with them, I got "Good news - Coinbase is now available in the United Kingdom!"
@_date: 2015-05-23 11:39:50
The point is, if you re-use a terrible password and the website gets hacked, they (may) have your password. They can then use that password to get into your email, paypal, facebook, or even other BTC sites. I use a password manager so that I have unique passwords for every single site, with a few strong memorable ones (e.g. for email, and the password database); this way if any site gets hacked, the most they get is my password for THAT site, not for any others.
@_date: 2015-05-26 00:14:36
And it appears to already have been hacked in some way AGAIN. There are 3-4 satoshis on the forum, and the trust ratings are all weirdly mixed as if the DB was tampered with
@_date: 2017-01-24 09:16:53
spoilers: WIREX isn't a US company. In any case it'd be HMRC, but they haven't done anything stupid like that yet (since the UK refuses to regulate BTC, thank fuck)
@_date: 2017-01-21 08:15:36
I've had similar experiences with their customer support, ranging from them sending my card to the wrong address TWICE IN A ROW, sending me a completely blank card which looked like I printed it myself, and they seemed to forget about my verification request for over a month until I contacted them. The week long response times for customer service are ridiculous.
At the *very least*, they have resolved each of those issues eventually, and offered me a free replacement for the completely blank card (which came within 48 hours of pressing order).
On the other hand: [AdvCash]( is pure smooth sailing. Their site is slightly clunky, but the service is great. I've contacted their support just twice so far, and both times were out of business hours. They still replied within 1 hour both times (compared to Wirex who take up to a week to respond if I'm lucky). 
AdvCash were slightly anal with the verification, however they happily checked my verification every single day (even on sunday) whenever I tried to re-verify. (again unlike Wirex who took over a month...)
The only reason I even signed up for Wirex was because they offer a GBP card (which AdvCash doesn't). I now use my Wirex for physical/local online purchases since I live in the UK, and my AdvCash for anything else where possible.