@_author: somewhatinformed
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:25:47
Dude don't invest more than you can afford to lose. This is straight up gambling right now and if your on credit you definitely cant afford it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 23:23:10
When big money got involved with bitcoin and then spent money peddling it over media to casual investors with a couple thousand to invest. Then boom hype train to the moon.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:35:51
Alright so everything your mentioning that would increase bitcoins value is merely the fact that others are investing into it? So the fact that the currency is realistically worth less than last year doesnt matter? Less businesses accept it compared to last year and the fees make useless and worthless technically. Im just trying to understand if most people understand its a giant bubble and are just gambling with when it will burst and are trying to see how far they can take it?
All Im seeing here lately is a bunch of redistribution of wealth between investors and no REAL value being generated through the strengthening of the currency.  Its like one big decentralized ponzi scheme. Once these new investors run out everyone buying in right now will be left holding coins they cant spend at any business and cant pawn off to a noob investor because all the noob investors already invested there last dollar. All they can do is look at some numbers on the computer screen and a dwindling comparison of value to the USD.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:23:07
Its weird because Bitcoin is a currency and people investing right now aren't investing at a realistic valuation of the currency. All that's happening right now is the redistribution of wealth between investors which is fueled by the influx of new investors. But when they stop coming in then nothing will prop up this bubble and we will crash down to bitcoins real value. Which is super low even compared to last year since its practically unusable and way less companies accept it as payment. The only 2 things that realistically add to its price is usability which is shit and mining which even in a perfect scenario would mean a value of 4k which I still think is too high.
In a decade when bitcoin can be used easily and most companies accept it as a stable and reliable currency I could see the valuation we have now but even then it could be longer than that.
@_date: 2017-12-31 18:55:45
Yah apparently after all these years of using bitcoin for its intended purpose as a currency I have been doing it wrong! Shouldve hoarded them on my harddrive like my family pictures from the 2000s. Hmmm this articles logic makes me think those may be worth something now. Brb gunna go sell em for $1m!