@_author: someeasyadress
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:44:03
I remember my teacher talking about it too. He even said that sometime in the future the way we think about money is going to change. He didn't know how tho :)
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:09:08
As a long term esports fan, bitcoin adopter, frequent SC2 spectator and with a great interest in esports as a phenomena, I have some points I have to make..
First of all, great idea sponsoring a professional esports team! It will definitely help spread the word in a positive manner, if done the right way.
What most people don't take into account here is the value in individual professional gamers, not teams as a whole. Yes, Axiom is a great team to sponsor if you look at their results lately, obviously. But that doesn't mean that results and top placements in tournaments necessarily makes the team nor their players the best to sponsor.
The professional Starcraft scene has since early stages been DOMINATED by Koreans, and for a long time during its early years it was only played in Korea as a professional sport. This has made the Koreans, with their tradition of esports (and Starcraft in particular,) better players then the rest of the world. That is just fact. It has also given birth to a rivalry between the west and Korea, and people watching tournaments thrive on that rivalry. When a foreigner meets a Korean in the later stages of a tournament, it gives way better stream numbers than if two Koreans meet each other (which usually is the case.)
So if you look at just the results, yes, it's one of the best sponsor partners you can have, but if you take popularity in he western world into account, Axiom doesn't come close in fans as other teams like Liquid or Mousesports and their players.
If you'd want to spread the word globally, sponsoring an Korean-only-team may not generate the best marketing results, partly because they tend to prioritize leagues that take place in Korea (best competition and most prestige), and also because that there's (unfortunately) a huge language barrier between them and the western world. Most Koreans I've seen interviews with need a translator available to get understood, and if they don't (there are some), they wouldn't be able to talk about bitcoin in a way that makes it easy to understand and makes it become more accessible.
There's more to sponsoring than just results and stream numbers. It's about popularity and what your business partner can do for you OTHER than results. The best player or team rarely has the highest stream numbers or the best results. When there are only 4 players left in a tournament and they're all Korean, people from the west tend to lose interest.
I'm not saying don't do it, TotalBiscuit is a great personality to sponsor and he has a lot of nerdpower, but at least take my points into account before deciding. I think most people that has perspective on esports would say this is a fair point when it comes to Koreans and elite teams.