@_author: some_dude_
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:38:21
Apparently my first edit didn't take. It was early 2008, not 2006. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:39:01
If you're going to reply spouting off conspiracy theories i don't know why you would expect someone to reply back seriously. There was a stated reason for why the stimulus was proposed, voted on, and passed. If you're going to float some other 'read between the lines' reason, you should probably cite some sources.


So conspiracy theorist that doesn't understand basic economics. Cool. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:17:11
2008, you're right.
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:52:49
[Economic Stimulus Act of 2008]( I was a bit off. It was a $600 check for single filers, and a $1200 check for joint filers.
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:16:25
It was in 2008. The economy was stagnating and every taxpayer was given a stimulus check of around $400-600. The idea was that people would spend it on consumer goods and it would stimulate the economy. What everyone did with it was put it into savings or pay off debts, so it didn't have the intended outcome. Economy crashed a few months later. 
@_date: 2018-01-04 01:38:06
People like to think that in organizations like the CIA, there are no good people.
I have an ex that worked for the CIA for like 5 years (started after we broke up). She's still probably the most honest and ethical person I've ever met. A sociopath in the CIA can do a lot of damage from a high up position, but i'd still venture most of the people working there are honest humans trying to do right by their countrymen. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:17:03
It was in 2008. The economy was stagnating and every taxpayer was given a stimulus check of around $400-600. The idea was that people would spend it on consumer goods and it would stimulate the economy. What everyone did with it was put it into savings or pay off debts, so it didn't have the intended outcome. Economy crashed a few months later. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 01:31:53


The criticism I've generally heard from the libertarians isn't so much against having _a_ monetary policy, it's more that the people in charge of putting policy into action aren't elected officials that are accountable to the people. To them, congress should be directly in charge of monetary policy, rather than pushing the policy making off to the FED chair or Treasury Secretary.
I'd have a hard time taking someone seriously who tried to argue that we shouldn't have _any_ policy when it comes to our nations money supply, and isn't an argument i've heard someone try to make before. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:45:40
Monetary policy as a blanket concept, like a nation having a policy in general when it comes to money? No one has a problem with that. It's like saying "what's your problem with healthcare policy."
Having a policy isn't a problem, but the specific policies being put into practice could be very problematic. I'd venture to guess if the we implemented a policy of 25% inflation year over year, or of 10% deflation year over year, you'd have a problem with either of those policies.
In those cases, asking "What's your problem with monetary policy?" wouldn't exactly get at the core of the issue, would it?
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:38:57
The original comment you replied to did just mention Monetary policy as a broad concept, but that was in response to someone asking how monetary policy affects their day to day lives. The critique of specific policy was a few comments up from that. The comment you replied to wasn't saying monetary policy itself was good or bad, just how it affects the regular person. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:27:19
Yeah textbook definitions are nice and all, but for the last 100 years any country that has called themselves 'socialist' has been run by an authoritarian dictatorship trying to control the economy. So that's what socialism means now.
If you want to talk about democratic control of production by the workers within industry/ profit sharing/ employee ownership.. find a different word, because that's not what socialism means to anyone anymore. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:53:08
Bro, do you even meme?
@_date: 2018-09-27 01:21:57
Good distinctions but still doesn't really address my base point.
Your right to self defense isn't respected when it comes to law enforcement. Castle Doctrine laws don't protect you from firing on an officer during a no-knock raid on your house. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:48:38
Bro, that's not socialism anymore. Socialism is authoritarian control of the economy by a dictator.
@_date: 2018-09-26 23:38:54
Where did I espouse an opinion on whether lives are saved or not because of firearms? That has nothing to do with the actual premise i posed. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:43:02
If the rate of inflation is 2%, then the halving rate for the value of the currency is at around 35 years. Someone who has been alive for 70 years would have seen the value of the dollar drop by 75% in their lifetime, assuming a static rate of inflation based on current monetary policy. 
With variances in policies from admin to admin, someone in their 60s could very realistically have seen the value of the dollar drop by 78% in their lifetime.
@_date: 2017-12-28 00:34:24
The problem there is the vast, vast majority of people who talk about 'socialism' don't know anything about what socialism says. "If enough people think something, that means it is true" has been the operating model for our society for the better part of a century.
Doesn't really matter how much I know about socialism. The people you're going to be arguing against on those points are the people from shittown, USA who only know what they've been fed through propaganda. 
@_date: 2018-09-10 23:22:41


Bloodshed is itself a problem, not a solution. Technology is itself a solution, though technology as a solution to one problem can cause new problems.
@_date: 2018-09-26 22:51:40
Self-defense laws don't tend to do a lot of good when the people you're trying to defend yourself from are the people tasked with enforcing said laws. 
@_date: 2017-12-17 02:05:24
Or have an 18% chance to lose it all..
@_date: 2017-12-04 19:52:19
The literal economic definitions of inflation and deflation are measures and changes in the money supply. CPI is just a way to measure the effects of inflation or deflation. You can have deflation in the money supply and rise in consumer prices, and vice versa. They're different mechanics.
@_date: 2018-09-26 23:56:58
I don't think i'm the one missing the big picture... You're talking about a full on revolution against the state. That has nothing to do with what i'm talking about (and likely wouldn't work out the way you're thinking anyway). 
Police seize property and wrongfully imprison civilians every single day in the US. Taking up arms against the police is not going to work towards your actual self defense. If you shoot at a cop, you're done. The legal framework and institutional structure are 100% against you.
As far as the state recognizes, your right to defend yourself stops when you're trying to defend yourself against an agent of the state. You have no rights to self defense against the police when they're overstepping their authority. 
@_date: 2018-09-26 23:37:33
Walk me through this logically..
You're stopped in your car by a cop. The cop tries to seize cash you have in your car, you shoot at them, they shoot back, you die. Or..
You shoot at them and kill them, you're wanted for murder of a cop.
How does you having the right to have a firearm actually help you in this situation?
@_date: 2018-09-26 23:26:19
What is this supposed to mean?
How you opt to attempt to defend yourself doesn't really matter when the people you're trying to defend yourself against have legal, institutional support. 
The people confiscating gold at Venezuelan airports are government officials. Shooting at them isn't going to do you any good. 
In America, if a cop tries to seize your money, shooting at them really isn't going to do you any good. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:19:20
I asked you what you think liberal means. Don't deflect.
@_date: 2018-08-28 23:15:43
The fort is an internal store of value, it doesn't have anything to do with our system of currency anymore. If it had 10x or half the amount of gold in it as we've been told, that doesn't affect the value of the dollars in your wallet in the least.
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:54:05
Socialism is not collective ownership, it's workers ownership. It's producers owning the means of production, and the profits which they produce.
Capitalism is someone else owning the means of production, renting the labor of the producers, and keeping the profits for themselves.
If you own and operate your own company, you're a socialist.
If you own a company and hire other people to operate it, then keep the profits they produce, you're a capitalist. 
Individual ownership of property and private ownership of property in this context are two different things. Someone owning the house i rent is private ownership of property. Me owning my own home is individual ownership of property. Socialists can be individual owners of property. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:05:05


Currency is just an exchange mechanism for goods and services. If people are trading goods and services, there will be currency. Regardless of the underlying economic system. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:17:45
Our tax policies and legal structure around corporations make that the dominant model, all the incentives are towards investment of capital rather than investment of labor. Someone making their money from money they already have is taxed at nearly half the rate of someone making the same amount of money from their labor in pretty much every bracket outside the 6 figure range, so the vast majority of wage laborers are at an automatic systemic disadvantage. 
A government policy truly embracing 'real' socialism would eliminate the income tax completely.
Regarding corporations, while every company operates a bit differently, there's a reason nearly every large corporation has the same or similar organizational/ departmental structure, and that's because the framework of legal compliance makes that structure the default best practice. Employee owned companies that wouldn't want to waste overhead on non-producing departments are hard pressed to compete in the same ecosystem.
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:20:38


This is the point i'm taking issue with.. what political beliefs are _you_ ascribing to self-identified liberals? You seem to be implying that political liberals want more government regulatory control as a base premise.
There is not a (L)iberal party in the US, so there is no explicit platform to ascribe to the label of 'liberal' even to those who describe themselves as liberals.
If I, my friends, or my family identify as 'liberal', but don't hold the political belief that government regulation is by default a good thing, that would be at odds with the belief that you're projecting onto the label.


This here is a loaded statement. An assumption of the 'nature' of someone because of a word they use to describe themselves, without going into what they believe that word to mean and why the label would be an accurate descriptor. There are very wide ranges of beliefs even of people who describe themselves as liberal. Making a blanket statement like this as to the _nature_ of people who use that word as a descriptor puts you onto some really shaky philosophical ground. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 01:22:07
China hasn't been paid in dollars, they own bonds. Bonds are loans that are paid back with interest. If you buy a EE savings bond at $50, in 30 years it matures to $100, that $50 difference is the interest owed on the bond. When China holds treasury bonds, they're holding a debt that needs to be repaid in dollars, not the dollars themselves.
When we sell China a US bond (using my $50 bond example), we're the ones using that initial $50. China gives us $50 with the promise we'll repay $100 way down the line.
The 'printing money' you're talking about, just means we can issue those bonds at will. We don't need $100 today to spend $50, we can issue as many bonds as we want, essentially unlimited (with inflation of the supply of dollars diluting their value being the only real concern), under the assumption that debt will be repaid some day.
If we stop making those interest payments on those bonds, people will stop buying them, and then we _will_ need to have money upfront to fund domestic programs.
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:47:32


This is just patently untrue for pretty much any corporation that doesn't already operate this way. Walk into an interview and say you'll forgo a paycheck for equity vesting in the company, you'll get laughed out of the room. 
Telling people they're 'free' to do something doesn't matter when it's not functionally possible to do that thing. The dominant model of our economy is that laborers _must_ sell the fruits of their labor to receive a paycheck, which they need in order to survive.
@_date: 2018-08-16 23:36:38
That's not semantics, that's an intentional obfuscation of terms. You can make the semantic argument that money = debt as in every dollar in circulation is a debt liability to someone, a government backed promise of exchange, but that's not functionally valid when talking about our national debt or the debt ceiling.
We do have bonds issued, and those bonds have a dollar value that needs to be paid as interest on the bonds as they mature. The debt ceiling isn't just the amount of money in circulation, that's what the M metrics are which rarely directly coincide with the national debt. The national debt are interest liabilities that need to be repaid, either by collecting tax revenues or by printing unsecured money which would dilute the value of the currency through inflation.
When the government threatens shut-downs over "increasing the debt ceiling", the increase they're talking about is our self imposed credit limit. We have outstanding liabilities that will continue to increase as bonds mature, and our liability will continue to raise regardless of if we raise the ceiling. Not raising the ceiling is basically just saying we're not going to take on new debt, which we'd need to pay our existing liabilities.
Sure, that money _can_ just be printed, but that's an economic nightmare for people using that currency. We issue bonds to raise money to not directly dilute the currency supply, and we use tax revenues to repay the debt to not dilute the currency supply. 
Now you can also make the argument that we don't ever actually need to repay the national debt, and it could potentially increase perpetually into the hundreds of trillions, and that's fine as long as we have a thriving tax base producing enough revenues to make our interest payments on bonds. The principle debt wouldn't ever need to get repaid. I personally think that's a dubious argument contingent on there never being a recession, but I'll at least acknowledge it as a valid argument to make. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 01:47:35
The ignorance is in how these terms have been propagandized in our culture to mean things far apart from what they were intended to mean.
In doing so, you're removing the ability of people to label a specific concept, because the label they would use for that concept has been twisted to mean something else entirely. You're taking the only word that exists as a simple meme for that concept, and using that word instead to describe a multitude of other concepts that we already have words for.
Collectivism is collectivism. We already have a word for collective ownership of property, that's not what socialism is. Authoritarianism is authoritarianism. We already have a word for central management and governance, that's not what socialism is.
When you conflate those concepts with socialism, you're removing the ability for someone to express the idea that people should own the fruits of their own labor, rather than have the fruits of their labor owned by a 3rd party.
Whether that 3rd party is a feudal lord, a nation-state government, or a corporation, the effect is the same. Socialism is the distinction from that, from labor being rented and the fruits of that labor being owned by the people renting the labor.
I don't disagree with why you're saying Venezuela is failing, but I am going to disagree with calling Venezuela socialist in anything but name. The state owning and operating everything is not the same as an individual owning their own labor. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:21:28
I love when people can be so spot in with one description, and so off on another in the same comment. Your description of a social democracy is spot on. 


Socialism is a mode of production where the means of production are owned by the producers, not by the state. The state claiming ownership of the means of production is the opposite of socialism. 
Central management of trade and exchange by a government is authoritarianism, not socialism. There's nothing stopping producers from engaging in free market trade when they own the profits from what they produce. When a 3rd party, be that a corporate entity or a government, steps in to stop producers from owning the fruits of their labor...
That's not socialism. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:52:54


Why would this be the case? Even taking the most generic possible definition of liberal, the dictionary.com definition:
Open to new behavior or opinions and willing to discard traditional values.
By that framing, anyone supporting bitcoin would be liberal by definition.


In our current discourse, self-identified conservatives throw around the word 'liberal' as an insult, labeling anyone they disagree with on any topic a 'liberal' do discredit their opinion without listening to the merits of their arguments. 
I've been accused of using 'liberal logic' just because i asked someone for sources on an outlandish claim. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:18:50
Depends. The concept of non-profits could still exist within a socialist model. Would depend on the intent of the organization and how their workers wanted to operate.
@_date: 2018-08-15 17:43:38
I never made a distinction between legitimate or illegitimate violence. Whether you view protection of property as a legitimate use of violence or not, the fact remains that without the threat of violence to protect property, capitalism cannot exist.
Socialism on the other hand, can happen through voluntary association, or through violence. You're fixating on authoritarian command economies and ignoring the social democracies that exist all across the western world that are far less violent than the United States.
If you can't look past the cold war propaganda and actually understand what these concepts are intended to mean, you're never going to be able to productively participate in these kinds of conversations.
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:26:08
"Democracy is probably the worst system of governance, except for everything else that's ever been tried."
@_date: 2018-08-02 00:06:19
"Pure" socialism doesn't conceptually exist. Either something is or isn't socialism. "Real" socialism is workers owning their own means of production, owning the profits from their own labor. Anything other than that is not socialism.
There's lots of debates about how to achieve socialism, how to get workers to own their own means of production. Marx's idea was to take up arms and seize the means of production with force, then give it back to the workers. Any country that's ever tried that route seized the means of production with force, but then never actually gave it back to the workers. They keep the profits from production for the ruling class and keep the workers in poverty. Many people refer to this as 'State Capitalism'.
Democratic Socialists' idea is to use the machinery of democratic government to reallocate the means of production back to the workers. Any country that has ever gone that route ends up using the government to nationalize industry, but again never actually give the workers ownership over the fruits of their own labor. At best, they use the profits from the labor of the workers to fund social service programs. But that's still not socialism in anything other than name. They're still falling short of the actual core concept. 
"Real" socialism incorporates the most basic incentive structure of human nature: Work harder, produce more, reap more profit. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 00:59:11
wtf do you think 'liberal' means? 
@_date: 2018-08-03 17:28:34
Socialism is producers owning their own means of production, owning the fruits from their own labor. Collectivism and central management are different concepts only loosely based on the premise of socialism, they are not socialism themselves.
Socialism exists up and down the American economy at some level in pretty much every industry, and none of them have anything to do with violence, or centralized state authority.  
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:18:16
Words mean things, labels don't, especially when labels are being used by opponents. Liberal has a meaning. Calling someone you disagree with a liberal as an insult isn't a valid position, especially if what you're criticizing has nothing to do with being a liberal. 
If someone is self identifying as a liberal and doesn't themselves subscribe to liberal beliefs, that's a separate issue to be addressed. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:37:35


Socialism existed as a concept long before Marx and Engels, and long before the soviet state. The soviets took an extremely right wing authoritarian interpretation of what socialism aimed to accomplish, and used their propaganda machine to get their populace to believe what they were enforcing by state dictate was what socialism was meant to be. Then the American propaganda machine took that same framing to run with and rail against. Both sides used the same framing to corrupt the idea of socialism and that's now the concept you're calling socialism.
We already have words for everything the soviet government did, and very little of that had anything to do with socialism. They rebranded the word, and now apparently we're stuck with that brand.
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:03:16


So... Socialism?
@_date: 2018-08-02 19:35:42


And to this point, I'd agree. The only thing i'm disagreeing with, is that state ownership = workers ownership. There's nothing within the core concept of socialism that precludes individual businesses from operating independently without central management by government. I'd even say that's antithetical to the core concept of socialism. The only people who say otherwise are the governments dictating that type of central management, and the people trying to argue against the evils of central management and labeling it socialism.
At the level of an individual business being owned by the workers within that business, there is nothing precluding those businesses from being able to trade the goods they produced on a free and open market.. Unless the government tells them they can't. That kind of state authoritarianism is antithetical to the core concept of socialism, it is not socialism.
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:53:37


A worker owned co-operative is a socialist mode of production. Those can and do exist all through the US economy at varying levels of success.. real socialism exists right here in America. So does capitalism.
Our tax structure pretty explicitly favors capitalist enterprise over socialist enterprise, so capitalism is the far more prevalent model for companies in the US. The companies that operate as socialist do so out of moral/ ethical directive. That's not really a possibility for companies that are duty bound to their shareholders to always increase profitability. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 23:05:39
I wasn't aware price controls had anything to do with workers owning their own means of production?
@_date: 2018-08-16 02:35:33


You have a fundamental misunderstanding of how government debt and the tax systems operate. 
If you can't accept the possibility that what you're saying is completely inaccurate by any honest interpretation of what the words you're using mean, we can't move any further in this conversation. 
@_date: 2018-08-08 18:56:32




Pick one. 
Also capitalism is violence by function. Even in the most libertarian ideal of capitalism, the role of the state is to protect property rights. Property rights are protected by the state through threat of violence. 
Even in an anarcho-capitalist model, rather than the state having a monopoly on violence, you have competing private violent interests protecting property. Without violence or the threat of violence, there are no property rights, therefor no capitalism.
You seem to be confused as to what each concept actually means. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:57:40


This is far more socialism than the government taking a cut of your labor wages and using them to fund social service programs.
If you have equity in the company you're working for, that's socialism. If you have equity in a company you've never stepped foot in or put an ounce of labor towards.. that's capitalism. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 17:07:56


Literally the only reason i find UBI at all palatable as a solution. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 16:55:51
Taxpayer funded social programs are not 'socialism'. They're welfare capitalism. Those programs are put in place to keep capitalism afloat. Taxpayer funded healthcare is not 'socialist' healthcare, doctors and nurses owning the hospitals they work at would be 'socialist' healthcare. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 23:37:58
What do you mean by legalized? Outside of a few authoritarian exceptions, most countries allow their citizens to hold crypto if they want... 
Not exactly sure what you're asking here.
@_date: 2018-08-02 21:44:18
Fundamental misuse of the term socialism. If you can't get past that, we can't have a conversation about what is and isn't socialism. 
@_date: 2018-08-16 23:23:44


If you don't understand what people are talking about when they talk about socialism, you probably shouldn't participate in these conversations. You're exposing your ignorance and the fact that you're getting all of your opinions from a very specific worldview.
I'd be happy to educate you on what socialism actually means, and the actual, valid criticisms that should come with it when arguing against it. But all you know is Venezuala and the USSR as your definitions of socialism. That'd be like me pointing at a failed state like Somalia and telling you that's what capitalism is. Unfortunately, these ideas or more complicated than you seem to be capable of understanding. 
@_date: 2018-08-17 00:45:11
Yeah your comment wasn't so much the one I was complaining about obfuscation of terms, it was more the other user that was just saying 'debt'. We can have the top level philosophical conversation where debt is money, credit is money, credit is debt, and all those terms are interchangeable in context, but that's not really the purpose of this conversation and using the word 'debt' that way isn't functional.
Functional Debt is an outstanding liability that needs to be repaid. Things like credit card balances, personal loans, mortgages are all functional debt, owed outstanding capital liabilities that need to be repaid. 
Within the framing of philosophical debt vs functional debt, I'd still say calling philosophical debt "government debt" isn't valid to the topic being discussed. The US government has functional debts, outstanding liabilities owed by the government that need to be repaid. The bonds vs taxes conversation is more about how the government is raising revenues to repay those outstanding liabilities in lieu of diluting the currency supply directly to repay the outstanding owed liabilities in dollars. The debt ceiling is just how high congress is willing to let those liabilities grow before they're repaid. 
I may be mistaken about treasury bonds being included in the debt ceiling, but interest on those bonds is still an outstanding liability that needs to be repaid, so would still be relevant to the core concern being expressed.  
@_date: 2018-08-02 17:04:33
We have systems of collective ownership in the US, and they're in no way socialist, they're explicitly capitalist. That is not what makes the distinction. The only way for a socialist company to exist in the US is to be privately owned and operated, and to internally be structured as an employee owned company, or where equity vesting of employees was the de facto compensation model.
We have publicly owned companies in the US, and those companies are legally precluded from having a socialist model. Publicly traded companies, where the ownership stakes in those companies are owned by people who have never set foot in the doors of the company, or put an ounce of their own labor into that company, are capitalist. Workers having ownership stakes in their own companies, workers being the shareholders, are socialist.
If you can't understand that's the distinction between the two models, I'm not the one that's ignorant. You've been propagandized into only understanding citizen ownership vs state ownership. That's a corruption of the term, not the actual idea behind the term. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 01:04:02
Literally everyone I know in real life who hold crypto are either liberal or libertarian. Republicans looking for alternate ways to store their money are by and large gold bugs and want nothing to do with crypto, in my experience. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 22:13:30












Much easier to go undefeated when you run your own promotion and hand pick every fighter you go against. Canelo was pretty much the only fighter this decade that wasn't 5 years past their prime when they fought. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:33:13
Life imitates art.
@_date: 2018-05-16 22:26:16
McGreggor is a decent MMA fighter, not one of the best (belts notwithstanding). He has good standup and great power in his left, but his bjj is purple belt level and his wrestling is essentially high school level. Him boxing Mayweather was pretty universally seen as a farce from everyone other than Mac fanboys and casual fans.
Them fighting in a boxing match was like a pro ping pong player going up against Andy Murray in a tennis match. Conor had 0 pro boxing experience going up against the most dominant boxing champion of all time. Everyone involved in that fight was laughing at the ridiculousness of it all the way to the bank. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 00:03:12
Fraud is a harsh word and not one I used. Mayweather paid his dues on his come up, but once he was at the top, there was a lot of hand picking of opponents. I'd never say he isn't a true champion, nor one of the most technical boxers in recent memory. It's just basing opinions of his status off his undefeated record that i find a bit dubious, especially later in his career. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 04:07:30
He's a legendary talker. Anyone who tries to say he's a p4p great are smoking something way stronger than I am. In one of the weight classes he's champ, there's two top 5 fighters that would very likely beat him, in the other, He'd be lucky to beat any of the top 5.
He got tapped by Diaz, barely a top 10 fighter in his class, and barely won their rematch, a majority decision, by literally running away the whole fight.
He's a loud, flashy, but ultimately incomplete fighter. I wouldn't even put him in the top ten of current fighters, let alone call him an all time great. 
@_date: 2018-08-01 22:59:40


Real socialism is tried all the time, all over the world, and all throughout the American economy, to varying levels of success. 
What we need to stop trying is having authoritarian dictatorships running national economies, which is not in any way, shape, or form.. socialism. Regardless of how those dictators try to brand it.
@_date: 2019-03-15 01:23:15
This comment is so full of banal platitudes being spoken as fact with no actual depth of thought, it's going to be hard to meaningfully address.. but here we go. 


I've never been unemployed. My employer sponsored healthcare coverage for most of my life was garbage. It was "In case i got shot" insurance. My monthly premiums were low, but any actual visit to a doctor beyond a flu shot would be utterly unaffordable. My case was not unique, I was nearly 30 before i got a level of employer provided coverage that was actually of any value.
You say "Generally have great health care" as a statement of fact, when the coverage i have now is pretty good, I am now very unique among my peer groups with the coverage i'm able to get. I have great health coverage, I'm an outlier for pretty much everyone from my extended family, high school, or college. If the majority of the country had healthcare coverage as good as what i currently have, I'd have a very different view of our current system, but that's just simply not reality. God forbid i lose my job and end up in a way worse situation.
Healthcare costs are still the  reason for personal bankruptcy in the US. 


The average family represents a 4 person, 2 adults and 2 kids, household making roughly $60k a year as a household. Families of that income level have at least 1 member gainfully employed with an option for employer sponsored health insurance. Like, there's actual metrics defining this stuff. How you can say "represents no one" in this context is laughably ignorant. Those families would have statistically better healthcare outcomes under the systems of countries that aren't the American system. Every family below the means of that average would also have better potential outcomes. People with double the means of those families would have better potential outcomes. 


It's not "free", it's debt free. They're paying double what you pay, but they're paying for their actual care up front at those rates. You're just paying your insurance premiums, not any of your co-pays or for actual care. 1 procedure and your costs are very likely going to blow their totals out of the water, even with insurance.


An in the US, if you can't afford what's considered an elective surgery, you don't get treated either. Life saving procedures you'll be able to get regardless of your ability to pay at the time of service, and you'll just get sued into bankruptcy. We have rationed care too, just instead of rationing by demand or age, we ration by income and wealth. 


I'm not going defend the UK system specifically, specially with the route it's taken over the last 5 years. But the fact remains that there are better systems of care that already exist and would benefit most American families more than our current system. 
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:04:50


By nearly every possible metric, the American healthcare system has worse outcomes and access than nearly every other country in the top 20 QoL, almost all of which have a 'socialized' healthcare system of some sort. 
The barrier to entry into getting the best quality healthcare in the US (which is the best in the world) is explicitly personal wealth. If you make less than $150k household per year, you have better potential healthcare outcomes from pretty much every potential ailment living in Aus, Can, or just about any European country.


You're arguing against a very specific implementation of a universal healthcare system. Not every country with socialized healthcare operates this way.


Assuming you can afford to pay for it, which is a huge assumption for a large swath of the American population.


This is an incredibly bold claim to make. Especially when our own CBO estimates put a Canadian style healthcare system in America as less of a financial burden on the expenses of the average family. And in that case, other than taxes, you have essentially zero out of pocket expenses for the vast majority of healthcare services you may need to seek. Under our current system, you may be paying a bit less in insurance premiums than what would come out of your paycheck in taxes in a UHC system, but you still have co-pays, deductibles, and a litany of other out of pocket expenses to pay on top of your premiums.
If you never get sick, never use healthcare services.. sure, the current American system is a bit cheaper for you personally . God forbid you get in a car accident.
The American healthcare system is fundamentally broken. The care itself can be great, but the mechanisms of paying for care and/or insuring healthcare services is abysmal. Arguing that America has the best healthcare system is just being either willfully ignorant, or a blatant ideologue blind to all evidence pointing to the contrary. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:10:46
Rights are only what you can do alone on an island. Once you introduce a second party interaction, you're no longer dealing with rights, you're dealing with society, and societies exist based on mutually agreed upon rules negotiated within the members of that society.
I'll agree when you have a 3rd party setting rules outside the free negotiation between two parties, without recourse for those parties to address those rules, you end up with oppressive structures of rule creation/ enforcement.
No 2nd party should be telling you what you're allowed to do alone on your own time, so long as you're not violating the rights of anyone else, just as no 3rd party should be interfering in the free negotiation between you and consenting 2nd party so long as the outcome of those negotiations aren't aimed at violating the rights of someone else. 
Those are premises we should be able to agree on before we even start the conversation of how groups consensually come together to produce goods and services. 
@_date: 2019-03-14 02:21:57


There's a joke here about calling out someone for claiming a No True Scotsman when the person they're saying isn't a Scot is in fact, German.


There's basically two types of people in America that call themselves 'socialists' today, and even among them, people choosing to carry that label are an incredibly small minority of the population at large. I'd be surprised to any poll with more than single digit results. Of the two, you have people like Sanders or AOC whose policies center around collection of taxes and distribution of benefits, with some heavy handed regulation on private markets. 
Outside of healthcare, they're typically not advocating for the nationalization of industries, and instead want steeper tax rates on the highest net worth individuals and corporations to fund social welfare programs for poor people. The more technically correct term for those people would be 'Social Democrats', people who want to use the will of democracy to direct our already existing structure of collecting taxes to address socio-economic issues. These people only call themselves 'socialists' because of a highly propagandized media narrative.
The other type are the tankies, people who actually do want nationalized telecoms, healthcare, energy, agriculture.. people who do want a soviet style takeover of the economy under the idea of 'we'll do it right this time.' 
Just as we already have a phrase for the political ideas of Sanders before the label 'socialism' gets lazily slapped on his policies, we already have a phrase for the political ideas of tankies. It's possible to thoughtfully argue against the actual merits of those ideas without pulling out a boogieman word. Neither of those ideas are 'socialism.'
When we're talking about the workers within an enterprise, owning and operating the enterprise itself, then we're talking about Scottish 'socialism'. Everything else is German. 
@_date: 2019-03-13 17:54:34
You can understand how modern monetary policy works and still fundamentally disagree with it in practice. The ability for central banks to inject liquidity into capital markets has kept the economy stable and chugging along, yes, but it's also artificially inflated our industrial sectors far beyond what would be possible with sound money policies, and our global industrial practices are pretty literally killing the planet's ecosystem.
"Only after every lake and river has been polluted, ever ocean fished clean, and every forest cut down, will we realize we cannot eat Money."
And that's to say nothing of the inequality created by policies where all injections of liquidity into the market happen at the top of the pyramid. Banks were bailed out for bad business practices while homes were foreclosed back in '08.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:51:20
Adherents to the Old Testament aren't Christians...
@_date: 2019-03-14 01:19:43
There's a key phrase here you used quite correctly that often gets ignored:


The contention that well read 'socialists' are going to make is that national collectivism isn't itself 'socialism', it's just an interpretation of how 'socialism' could be achieved. So Cuba, Maoist China, the USSR, Venezuela, were only socialist in name. The state claimed ownership of all property but never actually returned ownership to the laborers. Lenin called this 'State Capitalism', a stepping stone on the way to socialism, but they stopped at that step. 


The other contention is going to be that what we call 'Marxism' in modern discourse is pretty far away from Marx's actual beliefs, since he was an anti-statist and his version of seizing the means of production happened at the industrial level by the workers within that industry, not by the state to nationalize industry. 
@_date: 2019-03-14 22:41:17
Which is also a point that needs to be brought up when discussing 'limited government'. Government just means 'those who govern', and if we don't have a democratically elected nation-state government like we have now, there will still be people who govern. There will still be government.
That's why i feel it's important to have these conversations based on core concepts, and not using vague philosophical language. Workers are workers. Workers owning the means of production means the people doing the work to produce own the means by which they produce. 
Conflating that core concept to say "Workers are people, and the government is the representative of the people, so the government are the workers, therefor the government owning everything means the workers own their own means of production by proxy".. i feel is a really really dubious chain of argument to make. And that gets even more disingenuous when the government is a single party dictatorship with no actual recourse for the public at large to address (short of armed insurrection), as was the case in Cuba, China, and the USSR. 
@_date: 2019-11-08 23:51:24
I was sitting in a deli one afternoon eating lunch. The people sitting in the booth behind me, two well dressed men, expensive watches, nice suits, late 50s/ early 60s.. were talking about how they'd been told in church that Aliens were actually the anti-christ, and soon, 'aliens' would come down from space, give humans advanced technologies to solve the problems of humanity. They'd end wars, hunger, basically allow humans to live in harmony and want for nothing, but it would all actually be a ruse to make people think there was no god and turn their backs on faith, and once that happened and most of the souls of humanity were lost, they'd start the apocalypse. 
There was genuine concern in these men as they thought this was something they'd see near the end of their lives, and were going to have to talk to family about to make sure they didn't turn their backs on god when the 'aliens' come. 
Yes, people actually believe far crazier than you could conceivably imagine for yourself.
@_date: 2019-11-21 01:34:13
This is actually a great idea. Only thing would be you need to make sure the community store isn't loaning out more money than it actually has in the safe. Seem to remember a story of this being tried a while ago, and the person the community put in charge of keeping track of the funds in the safe ended up living like a fat cat, and when they went to check how much was in the safe, it was empty of real money and full of IOUs.
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:59:40
Posing a hypothetical scenario of 100% of your trades being bartering on black markets is not an honest attempt at a good faith question. 
Off-the-grid gold bug nutters still have to pay property taxes. The only two guarantees in life are death and taxes, and the enforcement of the latter comes with the threat of the former. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 23:07:57
Trying to reconcile the intrinsic value of gold against any assumed USD trade value is operating on an already overtly flawed premise. USD doesn't have any intrinsic value, there's no parity to be had trying to compare to a mineral or commodity. 
Intrinsic value of material goods has nothing to do with the trade value of that good, it has to do with the functional use of that good.  
@_date: 2017-11-07 23:16:27
Central planning means planning by a centralized authority. That would be, planning from outside an individual organization. A group of employees making decisions about their company isn't central planning, a regulatory agency making decisions about the industry is central planning.
An individual organization, whether decisions are made by a single owner, a board of directors, an employee council, etc.. if the decisions are made from within the organization, then it's not centrally planned.
Any economy, sector of an economy, or an industry can be centrally planned. An individual company acting autonomously is not centrally planned. 
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:49:51


This is a point you keep arguing, that i'm not making. Not once have i advocated for the government taking property from private citizens, or re-distributing it to other citizens. Stop perpetuating the straw man. 


How so, how do I control any of the value i create if the productivity of my labor is owned by someone else? The modern capitalist paradigm is that workers rent their labor to employers, and employers keep the productivity of that labor. The worker being more productive, more efficient, working harder, creating more wealth.. they never have control of any of the value they're creating. They don't own the profits from their own productive labor. 


Capitalism is a lot of things, lots of different flavors and ways to do it, lots of ways for non-state actors to privately control property. Socialism is just one of them. 
The current flavor of American capitalism is not at all about employee owned businesses, it's about faceless monetary investment. It's about valuing money more than the productive labor of the workforce. It's about taxing people who make money from money, less than they tax people who make money for working for a living. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 23:15:06
I'm not ignoring it.. but that's the monetary theory subscribed to by probably 90% of main stream economists currently working on public policy, irrespective of party. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:52:43
Capitalism, as a broad concept, isn't good or bad, it's indifferent. It's basically nature. Nature isn't good or bad, it's just nature, but there are parts of nature you could definitely call good or bad in specific contexts.
Paying sweatshop workers slave wages is bad. Profit sharing is good. They're both capitalism, only 1 of those is socialism. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:15:55
Profit sharing is socialism. Employee stock purchase plans are socialism. Employee owned businesses are socialism. 
I've not done a 180, those have been the basic premise of my argument from the beginning.
@_date: 2017-11-05 21:26:33


Through the implementation of libertarian socio-economic policies. Eliminate incomes taxes on labor wages, allow for sound money and competing currencies, reshape the tax system and regulatory structure to favor small business instead of large multinational corporations. 
Get the government out of the way and watch how people choose to re-organize themselves when they actually have the freedom to do so.
@_date: 2017-11-07 16:49:47


Yes, you did. You said "That means central planning, even at that scale."


No True Scotsman isn't the right analogy for this situation, I'm going to instead call it the No True Indian: India is a place that exists, there are real people there who are called Indians. Someone shows up to America, calls the Americans "Indians" because they think they're Indians. Now Indians are looking at the Americans and saying, "Those are not Indians, We are Indians."
At what point of people calling Americans "Indians" incorrectly do they actually become "Indians?" My argument is never. Indians are Indians, Americans are Americans, no amount of calling Americans "Indians" ever actually makes them Indians. And when you pull up a native American and say they're an Indian, when I tell you they're not Indian you don't get to yell "No True Scotsman".


@_date: 2017-11-06 22:08:29


You're already starting this from a false premise. Maybe your McDonalds doesn't ever become socialist. Maybe your workers come together and say if they don't get profit sharing, they're all going to walk out. Then you can either hire an entirely new staff and eat the losses from the downtime, or you can give your staff profit sharing. Maybe you decide to cut your staff and another McDonalds opens up across the street that is doing profit sharing, so no one wants to work for you anymore. 
All of those are voluntary actions on both sides, the workers, and the owner. The state has no bearing in this negotiation, there is no threat of force and all actions are completely voluntary. 


Did i ever claim to know how to run a business? I've never run a plantation either but i can still say that slavery was wrong. Step back from your false equivalencies there for a minute and try to stick to the merits of what i'm actually saying. 


In a lot of cases, yes. We've had departmental meetings, I listen to my workforce, we vote on actions that effect the entire department. If we needed to cut hours from the department, I'd ask for volunteers to get their hours cut, and if no volunteers, ask the department at large how we should handle cuts to hours, seniority, productivity, etc.. all criteria that could factor into the decisions.
I've worked under bosses that don't take the will of their employees into consideration at all, where all staffing decisions are made by dictate from the boss. Those were awful working environments and had horrid rates of employee turnover. You keep acting as if there's only 1 correct way to run a business, and that way is whatever you happen to believe. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 18:31:09


When did i ever say as a blanket statement that capitalism was bad? I've only ever said specific kinds of capitalism are bad. Cronyism is bad, and you agree. The things i'm calling socialism are good, and outside of rejecting the word 'socialism' outright, you're agreeing that the things i'm calling socialism are good.


How? If you're calling it a political system, and assuming it's the opposite of capitalism, then you're saying capitalism is also a political system. Neither are a political system. They're an economic framework. The economic framework is capitalism, and socialism is a style within that framework.


Even in that quote he's not talking about 'taking' control, he's talking about having control. Should citizens not have control over how they're educated? Should you have no say in the curriculum your children are learning? Should media have no accountability to the populace?
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:50:18


Sir (sorry to assume your gender), you don't know what socialism is. I've tried explaining it to you at length, but you're not listening. You're stuck in a specific mindset where the word socialism only means the propaganda you've been fed about forced re-distribution of wealth. That is not was socialism is. Never was, never will be. No matter how many dictators seize power then take their nation's wealth for themselves and their cronies and call it socialism. No matter how many times Fox News points at those dictators as examples of the evils of socialism, that is not was socialism is.


This is what I want to change. When a McDonalds franchise opens, I want the building to be owned by the employees, the fryer's, the oil, the fries, to be owned by the employees, and for the employees to be making the profit from selling them. There are government policies that can incentivize that structure over our existing one, but the government taking over ownership completely is something altogether different from socialism. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:41:29
You're making an important distinction there that i think a lot of people either miss or don't understand. We've had 'capitalism' for thousands of years in different flavors. Smith described the 'free enterprise' system of capitalism, which really boomed through the industrial revolution. 
Capitalism, as a blanket concept, can be just as awful as anything else you could imagine. Specific types of capitalism are the reasons we've had has much progress in the last century as we have. 
@_date: 2019-02-11 19:50:16
You have a very skewed understanding of the concept of 'value'. The qualifier you're missing is 'market' value. Things have value outside of their monetary value to exchange markets, which seems to be the linchpin of your comment.
An apple has value as a means of sustenance, regardless of the market value of the individual apple itself. The caloric content of an apple is intrinsic to the apple, even if a saturated apple market diminishes the monetary value of the apple, it's value as a means of sustenance hasn't changed at all, whether the apple was a penny, a dollar, or $5. That's what 'intrinsic' means. As long as the apple is edible, it has intrinsic value, regardless of any monetary value associated to it in an exchange market. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:13:02


Capitalism is the umbrella. As long as there is a concept of ownership at all, as long as people are exchanging capital for goods and services, it's capitalism. Regardless of the ways individual groups organize to produce goods and services.


Because it's not a political system. A parliamentary republic is a political system. A representative democracy is a political system. Socialism has nothing to do with politics, and can theoretically exist under any political system assuming the basic criteria of the theory is being met, that workers own their own means of producing goods and services. 


I'm talking about what we have right now, a state sponsored taxation scheme and regulatory structure the incentivizes a specific type of productive organization, the corporation. I don't want corporations to not exist at all, I don't want individual business ownership to not exist at all, I want the government to get out of the way, stop picking favorites, and allow people to organize themselves however they see fit.
@_date: 2017-11-04 05:20:18
And i'm arguing the semantics, that forced redistribution of wealth is not a part of socialist theory. Socialism is about the proper distribution of wealth in the first place, distributing wealth to the people who are creating it. Forced re-distribution of wealth by the state is a different thing entirely from socialism.
Venezuela can call themselves socialist all they want, but unless the workers within their economy own their own means of production, own the profits from the works of their labor, then it's not socialism. Venezuela can nationalize all the industries it wants, and re-distribute wealth all it wants, and there is a word for that. That word isn't socialism. 
You can call North Korea a democratic republic all you want, and point to the atrocities and human rights violations at the hands of their government all you want, and blame all those things on democracy.. but if the citizens are not actually voting on their laws and representatives, and if there isn't accountability for the will of their votes, they aren't a democracy. Regardless of what they call themselves. 
@_date: 2019-02-22 23:02:41
Modern Money Theory. Government spending just goes straight back into the economy. Trillions getting spent into existence will just infuse private markets with liquidity, better facilitating trade and help the economy as a whole grow. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 01:01:57


Not everyone.. workers. If i'm sitting at home all day and not working on anything, I don't own anything. If i'm working to produce a good or a service, I own the profits from my productive labor.


They own their works, their profits from their productive labor. If they're no longer working for the band, they are no longer producing anything they can claim ownership of, they'd still own anything they had previously produced, or could be bought out of ownership.
In the band where we had to kick someone out, they still got their cut from album sales of songs where they were a part of the recording. For touring gigs, we wrote out his old parts. He's not touring, so didn't own anything from the tour performances, and we just didn't ask him back to the studio to record anything new.


Any relinquishment of control of ownership from work already done, would be completely voluntary. If you're no longer working for the band, you have nothing new to claim ownership over, no new productive labor to profit from.
@_date: 2017-11-09 00:29:31


In this aspect specifically, I've thought this through to great length.
Have you ever been in a band? Ever recorded, ever gone to practices, performed on stage, toured?


These scenarios play out literally every day. Different bands handle them in different ways. 
I've been in bands where we had to cut the most talented member, because they were a personality conflict with the singer and drummer. Their attitude was bringing down the whole environment. We didn't have a frontman or single 'owner', we were a band, and made the decision to cut him as a band. I was actually the 1 person in the group that wanted to keep him, because he was the best talent, but i was overruled by the rest of the band and i respected the will of the group. It wasn't my band, it was _our_ band.
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:15:50
Your experience and knowledge are in equities and commodities trading, apparently. Are bitcoins themselves either equity or a commodity?
My experience and knowledge are in systems design. Just because i may have worked on medical systems doesn't qualify me to opine on medical practices. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:14:05


This argument could be made for literally anything to be a central authority. A single business owner making all the decisions himself is a central authority if this is the context you're using. 'Central Planning' is a reserved term with a specific economic meaning. You don't get to use it however you want because 'central' and ' planning' are words that mean things. It's a different phrase entirely.


Now you're back to arguing against points i'm not making. How a 10 person company and how a 10,000 person company choose to manage themselves are completely up to the company, I don't have to think it through unless i'm a part of that company.
If you want to go down that line, a 10,000 person company, can elect to have a CEO make all the business decisions for them, just like a single private owner can choose to hire a business manager to make their business decisions for them. If they don't like the decisions being made, they can elect to replace them or change the management structure, just like an individual owner can do.


Democracy is often called the same thing, where minority interests are victims of the majority. Are you going to argue we get rid of democracy as a form of governance completely?
@_date: 2017-11-08 17:15:44


Workers are still private citizens, they're not the state. Socialism is still capitalism. I've never argued against capitalism, I've only argued for a different flavor of capitalism than what we have now. What we have enforced upon us by the legal system and regulatory structure. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 00:59:53
Have any of the systems you've been calling socialism had authentic democratic control of production? Do workers within industries in Venezuela have authentic democratic control over production, or is an authoritarian regime nationalizing industries and exerting top down control over production?
@_date: 2017-11-10 02:13:23
No True Scotsman doesn't apply when the people you're talking about aren't from [Scotland in the first place.](
We call this the "No true, 'no true scotsman fallacy' fallacy."
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:50:44
Not sure what you're 'yikes'ing. That's about as coherent of a parallel as someone could draw to the discussion we've been having. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 00:42:48


This is your problem. Socialism is not a manual. Socialism doesn't have a way of determining those things, the members of the band would decide those things, and how one band decides to do it may be completely different from the way another decides to handle it.


No, to be socialist, the workers (read: people producing the product or service) need to be the owners. If my 4 best friends get together to start a band, we don't have to relinquish control to anyone for our band to still be socialist.
Relinquishing control is not, and has never been, a part of anything i'm arguing. If that's your point, then you've been reading the wrong conversation. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:31:15


That statement is pure propaganda, there's no functional validity to it. What exactly are you defining as freedom? Capitalism means private ownership of the means of production. Freedom is a completely different concept.


Central planning is not socialism. Workers owning their own means of production is socialism. Democratized workplaces are socialism, profit sharing is socialism. Central planning from a national government is authoritarianism. 


So anonymity is freedom? Is capitalism also anonymity?


There are centuries of deep political and philosophical theory, hundreds of books, essays, and papers written on Socialism.. and you appear to not have even the most basic understanding of what any of them say, and are just parroting Fox News talking points.
@_date: 2017-11-03 22:39:03


Yes, why would you not be able to? It would just be that the culture of starting a business would be finding people who actually want to participate in the business to share in the wealth it creates, rather than finding faceless investors to fund your business who take their cut of the profit without ever putting a days work into the operation of making the business successful.


Why do you assume the government has anything to do with any of this? Even in America for most businesses you still need to get approval via some form of licensing, that has nothing to do with either socialism or capitalism.


Even places that have called themselves socialist haven't had centrally planned economies outside of wartime. What are you basing this off of? What academic writing has ever said 'To achieve socialism, we must have a centrally planned economy?' Central planning of a national economy is not a part of the theory at all. 


And i would not call Venezuela socialist in anything but name, just as i would not call North Korea a democracy in anything other than name. Do the workers of Venezuelan businesses own their own means of production, or are they working for a flat wage in exchange for their labor?
Statism and Socialism are 2 completely different ideas.


I work in a heavily regulated industry. Anyone who tries to start a business needs thorough vetting from the state and ample licensing to do business. This is a function of a first world market economy, not socialism.


I'm challenging your understanding of words and the theory behind them. You're calling things socialism that just fundamentally aren't socialism. It's hard to even make an argument for or against if you're using a word in a fundamentally incorrect way.


Socialism is _workers_ owning their own means of production, profiting from the products of their own labor. You're claiming that the nation-state government claiming ownership over the economy and trying to centrally plan it is socialism. If you're going to make that claim, you need a logical argument to explain how the state claiming ownership over the economy is the same thing as workers owning their own means of production. I've not seen you even attempt to make or support that line of reasoning. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 02:20:52
The kinds of things you are talking about already happen every day. There are processes and a culture in place to handle those situations, already levels of individuals relinquishing the kind of control of their property you're talking about to others at every level of the economy.
Bands and individual artists relinquish control of their works to studios.
People relinquish control of their wealth to banks. 
Workers relinquish control of their labor to employers.
Voters relinquish control of their communities to bureaucracies.
We can argue the societal structures in place we have for conflict resolution in any of those scenarios, or any of the scenarios you've mentioned before. But that is a completely different argument to be had, and one where we'd probably agree more than disagree.
But none of that has anything to do with Socialism.
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:50:25
People tried their utopia, and they could call it whatever they wanted. North Korea is trying their utopia and calling it a 'democratic republic' while they're neither a democracy or a republic, they're an authoritarian dictatorship.
I'm not advocating for any of the ideas put into practice by Lenin, Stalin, or Mao. They were all bad ideas that failed miserably, and none of them had anything to do with the stuff written about on the theory of socialism. Even Lenin called his USSR 'State Capitalism'. The state owning everything does not = workers owning their own means of production and the products of their own labor.
Something in name does not make it that thing, especially when that thing is very explicitly defined as something else altogether. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 22:28:23


And people called indigenous Americans 'Indians' for hundreds of years. Regardless of how many times they were called that, and how many people called them that, they were never from India.
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:17:17
Please understand that 'government' doesn't necessarily mean nation-state government. Even if the scope of the federal government were drastically reduced, or completely eliminated, there would still be people governing others, there would still be government. 
At least with nation-state elected governance the people have a say in who is governing them. If we moved more towards and AnCap world, instead of a national government having a monopoly on violence to point guns at people and take things, you'd have competing violent interests pointing guns at people and taking things. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 00:12:06


If you're in a band that doesn't have a frontman, and your band self produces their music, every member of the band 'owns' that music. Every member of the band profits from that music. 
That is socialism.
If a single individual song writer, writes all his own music, hires studio musicians at an hourly rate to record the parts, then keeps 100% of the profits.. that is not socialism.
If a single individual song writer, writes most of his own music, but recruits other musicians to record and tour for points on album distribution profits, that's still socialism. 
If a studio hires producers and studio musicians to cut an album, and just has all the musicians and writers on salary where regardless of the albums success, they don't make anything more than their salary.. that's not socialism. 
4 real world scenarios that happen all the time. Socialism and not socialism working in tandem, competing against each other. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:53:06
I thought of the punchline for my previous post after you'd already replied, so i'll start by adding that instead of an edit:


























"Baseball" where swimmers are forced to bowl::
But okay back to your points:


That right there is not going to fly. The entire framing of my argument, every single comment has been that socialism has nothing to do with central planning. Those are two different concepts. Central planning of an economy has nothing to do with workers owning their own means of production. 


This is a legitimate and interesting question that i'll get back to later.




That's the thing, capitalist nations DO see this trend, capitalist nations are where this trend comes from (authoritarian dictatorships). Here is what keeps happening over and over again:
Capitalist nation faces ridiculous levels of wealth inequality due to crony oligarchs monopolizing industries. Resentment in the people who rally for change in governance. Some revolutionary comes promising change in governance, the people rally behind and put him into power. Once in power, revolutionary (now dictator) nationalizes industries previously controlled by oligarchs, and as the head of state, enriches himself and connected inner circle. People see that the dictator is just as corrupt as the old government, they try to revolt, are crushed brutally by the dictator. Typically wars break out, rinse and repeat for a few decades. 
^ This scenario has played out way more times than there have been nations claiming to be any specific type of ~ism. Socialism has just been the buzz word, the brand, the propaganda term for the last century to describe something that's been happening for hundreds if not thousands of years. Long before Marx ever picked up a pen and paper. 


You are talking about an action &gt; the state taking from one group to give to another, and calling that action 'socialism'.
That is a functional misuse of the word. Socialism is workers owning their own means of production. Employee owned businesses (which are semi common), are workers owning their own means of production. There are lots of ways this could be accomplished, but none of those actions, none of the processes towards getting to Socialism, are socialism themselves. A dictator nationalizing industry, the process of that happening, is not socialism. Once the industry is nationalized, it's not socialism unless it's actually socialism. If the workers within the industry all own their own means of production, own their own businesses within the industry. 
A government could bust up a monopoly, break up Standard Oil into 50+ smaller companies, and if those smaller companies are all employee owned.. that would be socialism. The process of breaking up the monopoly is not socialism. The state claiming ownership of the monopoly is not socialism.
@_date: 2017-11-09 01:15:41


Sure, that might happen. but,


That would be something he'd need to prove, and 'forming of the culture of the band' would be a hard sell in court, but none of this is a part of my argument in either case.
You keep assuming i'm saying there's 1 blanket way this would all be handled, like there's 1 blanket way it would be handled today. There isn't. Socialism is not a manual. 
When forming the band, individual band members could draw up their own contracts and agreements however they see fit, and there's no compulsion from any outside authority to have to sign on to anything everyone didn't agree on.
There are a thousand different ways this could be handled, and i'm not advocating for any 1 specific way. I know how i'd like to handle it, you may prefer a different. It'd be up to each individual to agree to the terms for the band they're participating in, and up to each band uniquely to come up with how they want to handle these types of disputes as a group.
@_date: 2017-11-06 21:10:37


No you don't. You've been told what socialism is, and you believe what you've been told. You don't actually know.


There is no validity to these statements. You're just saying things. This is the propaganda talking, you parroting your incorrect understanding of these words.


There's already a word for a system of 0 ownership. It's not socialism.


These are valid questions, that have been discussed and debated at length. But if your answer is defaulting back to 'the state' and you're assuming that's what socialism is, then you do not know what socialism is.


We have a state enforced economic structure that greatly disincentivizes this from happening now. Get the government out of the way and it frees people up to actually do this. That's what i'm advocating for, that's what socialism is.


Then it fails, just like any other exchange medium. If no one believes in it, no one will exchange goods and services for it.


Because you say it is? I'm saying it's not. I've spent a lot of time studying socialist theory, actually reading scholarly works from socialist thought leaders, reading their arguments, gaining and understanding for what socialism actually is and what it means. And i'm telling you straight up, the things you're calling socialism.. are not socialism.


No, Yes, and Yes. What does this have to do with anything? You're not even trying to argue with me on the merits of anything i'm actually saying, you just keep arguing against a strawman. You're arguing against a concept you don't actually understand, in the face of someone telling you that you don't understand it.
Statism is not socialism
Authoritarianism is not socialism
Dictatorships are not socialism
Those are the things you're arguing against, and i'm not advocating for. None of those things are socialism. Forced re-distribution of wealth by the state is not socialism. There are words for all the things you're trying to argue against, none of those words are socialism. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:24:09
Workers owning their own means of production is not a political system, any more than an individual owner exerting control over their employees means of production is a political system. 
Chomsky is an anarcho-syndicalist. He doesn't believe in nation-state governments, statist control over industry, or government officials seizing property from individuals. If you think Chomsky supports any of the examples of what you're claiming or calling 'socialism', then you don't know the first thing about what Chomsky believes.
@_date: 2017-11-04 00:25:26


This statement right here is framing the entire problem we're having with this discussion. You're telling me to learn some history when you apparently have no concept of what you're even trying to reference. Allow me to educate you for a bit before i even start getting into anything else you've mentioned..
In the early 20th century, there were huge populist movements around the idea of 'socialism', of workers owning their own businesses and profiting directly from their own labor, rather than renting their labor to an ownership class that controlled industry. They were trying to fight against wage slavery and take back the wealth that they were actually creating.
Several revolutionaries claimed to stand for the ideals of these social movements, rode the populist wave until they were in power, then completely reneged on the ideas they'd been espousing once they gained power, Hitler and the Nazi movement was a part of this. Hitler called his party the 'National Socialist' party to get the populist support of people who wanted socialism. Once the Nazis took power, the first people they came after were the socialists who had supported their rise, because they knew there was never any intention of making Germany a socialist state.
["First they came for the socialists"] ( is literally the first line of the poem about the Nazis rise to power. 
To get into the rest of your comment..
There is already a word for what you're calling Socialism, and that word is Statism. The idea that the state controls industry, ie: centrally planned economies. 
Socialism is a completely different idea. The Nazis were fascists, not socialists, regardless of what they branded themselves. The USSR was Statist capitalism, regardless of the word 'Socialist' being in the name. Neither of those systems of governance met even the most basic criteria for what constitutes socialism, which is _workers_ owning their own means of production.


This is what i'm trying to get through to you, what you're describing is not socialism, it's statism. Socialism is _workers_ owning their own means of production, owning their own businesses. An employee owned company? That is socialism. A company that does profit sharing? That is socialism. A company where the owners don't actually work for the company they own, where they take a cut of the profits from the productive labor of their employees? That is capitalism.
Neither of those have anything to do with central planning of an economy or nationalized industry, which is statism. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 02:27:34


I'm glossing over details because the details are incredibly granular and would vary greatly from one business to the next, or one industry to the next. As I mentioned in a previous comment, there's a century's worth of dense philosophical writings trying to refine and massage the details of various aspects of socialist business/ industry/ economy would work, from the levels of individual business operators up the scale to national/ multinational corporations and nation-state governance. 
We could go back and forth for hours on this and not even scratch the surface of details that would get you out of the very narrow frame of reference you're currently trying to use. I'd encourage you to do some reading from academic leaders of socialist thought, not manifestos from revolutionaries footnoted to hell by propagandists. 


And we're back to a fundamental problem with how you understand these words. Capitalism is an umbrella, there is nothing within the philosophical concept of Socialism that makes it at all incompatible with being under the umbrella of Capitalism. They are not ideas on opposite ends of some economic spectrum. A king owning all the land in his kingdom and renting the labor of his serfs as cheaply as possible is a kind of Capitalism. There are many flavors and ways to refine the ideas of Capitalism, the free enterprise system is among them, socialism is another. They can and do exist along side each other all the time.
What we have right now is a nation-state government backed by the worlds strongest military power, enforcing one specific flavor of capitalism the seemingly neither you nor I support. I want the government to get out of the way and let people organize themselves however they see fit (freedom). I'm just advocating for a different form of organization than you are. I'm all for letting them openly compete against each other without the threat of violence coercing one side. 


No, socialism says nothing of the kind. You are saying socialism says this is forced.






And now we're back to your definitions just being fundamentally wrong. American monetary policy is based off nearly a century of academic writing and study on... capitalism ::gasp:: Keynes, Freedman, Greenspan... these are capitalists, not socialists. 
When we have a monetary system based of people being able to create and circulate their own currencies.. you can tell me we have a socialist monetary system. Personally, I'm hoping for decentralized cryptos to be that future.
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:13:47
Legitimate question: What does 'democratic control over means of production' mean in the context you're describing it for Venezuelan workers within those industries?
Admittedly, I know very little about their legal system. My historical knowledge on this topic and more legitimate understandings are related to the USSR, Bolsheviks, Lenin and Trotski, and to Cuba from Batista through Castro. Those are positions i can more readily defend. For Venezuela i'm mostly spitballing. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:24:54


No it isn't, that's what you're saying it means. That's what dictators tell their followers it means, that's what Fox News pundits say it means, that's not what any scholarly writing on socialism has ever defined it to mean.
It doesn't matter how many times you call a native American an 'Indian', they weren't ever from India.


Fundamental misunderstanding of the terms.


Which has not ever been what i'm talking about. Much more likely, a group of owners would relinquish control to streamline processes, much like a board of directors or shareholders would hire a CEO to make business decisions.
I've never argued for an individual owner to relinquish control of his business to their employees, but that's what you keep arguing against. 
I've argued that employees should be the owners in the first place, and to choose how to run their business as a group. That could mean every employee has a say, that could mean the employees appoint a single leader, a 'central authority' if you will, to run the business. 
Who is making business decisions has never been a part of my argument, it's been what you've been arguing against. How 1 company chooses to operate vs another would be completely up to the companies themselves.
You're thinking of this like a single owner being forced to let his employees make all the business decisions. That's never been a part of my argument.
Think of it more like this:
A band. Group of individuals who came together to make music. No 1 person 'owns' the band, they are all the band (and there are different types of bands, some have a frontman that completely control every aspect, some make choices as a group, some are 'owned' by studios). There isn't 1 ubiquitous way to run a band. 
Right now you're arguing that the best way to run a band is to have a single front man who controls every aspect of the band. Have you ever been in a band where you could speak to this actually being an effective method of organization? Because a lot of successful bands out there would argue quite the opposite.


No man is an island, and it doesn't matter where the strongest piece is, because a chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
@_date: 2017-11-09 00:16:16
Bands are a business.. music is an industry.
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:18:05


This is your false premise, because Venezuela never became socialist, their dictator just decided to call them socialist. 


This is not socialism. After all this back and forth, days of this, you're still calling something socialism that is not socialism. You're arguing against a false premise, you're arguing a straw man. Stop it.


And again, for the 50th time, socialism and capitalism are not 2 opposite things, two different things. Capitalism is an umbrella term, there are many types of capitalism. Socialism is a type of capitalism. I'm not arguing that we get rid of capitalism, i'm arguing for a different type of capitalism than what we have now. That type is called socialism, which is not anything having to do with how Venezuelan dictators decided to manage their economy. 


Where did i claim that i knew how to run a business? I'm not saying i don't, but not once have i ever made that claim.


Some businesses are absolutely unethical and exploit workers. The base structure of our current capitalist paradigm is that monetary capital is valued higher than labor. I'm arguing for ways to fix capitalism, not get rid of it.


There is always someone in charge, i've never argued otherwise. People vote for their leadership all the time, then leaders make decisions. This is not at all incompatible with anything i've already talked about.


If you can't argue on the merits of what's actually being discussed, if you're going to keep arguing against points i'm not making, positions i'm not advocating, and an utterly incorrect understanding of words... then yes, i'm going to do it right back to you. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:34:01
Followup question would be: How are profits from their industries distributed to the workers? 
More specifically with something like, say, the oil industry.. If they're producing oil at $30/b and selling it on the open market at $58/b, how is the distribution of those profits passed on to the workforce? Do they vote on it? Are their government rules that dictate how much oil workers are to be paid regardless of overall profitability? Is there some kind of bond system.
Info on workers councils, labor laws, absenteeism, and minimum wages are pretty easily available online, but that more granular info is harder to come by.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:04:01


No it doesn't, state sponsored propaganda has lead you to believe that socialism is something it's not. 
Examples of socialism exist all throughout our society at every level of the economy, they're just not ubiquitous, and you've been conditioned by our culture to not recognize them as socialism.
Citations? Start with Chomsky's "The Soviet Union Vs Socialism", but i warn you, that gets much more dense and nuanced than anything we've discussed here. And if you couldn't effectively follow this conversation without falling into tropes and fallacies with every other comment, you're going to have a rough time.
@_date: 2017-11-09 01:38:51


Socialism is a type of capitalism. Nothing about socialism is stopping him from suing for his cut of the products of his works. Nothing about socialism is invalidating the legal system or anyone's ability to seek damages or make claims.


If the band members signed contacts defining what these processes would look like beforehand, then he's not relinquishing control of anything. They'd already voluntarily agreed to how these types of situations would be handled. If they didn't sign contracts beforehand, then they're basically in the same situation as a married couple without a pre-nup, and any dispute resolutions would go through the courts.
If a named partner at a law firm is getting pushed out by the other partners, how is that handled today?
If a partner in a marriage wants a divorce and the other doesn't, how is that handled today?
If both parties signed a pre-nup, how would those disputes be handled?
Socialism is not a manual. You're expecting me to say that socialism has all these answers to a million different unique scenarios, but it doesn't. Socialism is the philosophical concept of workers owning their own means of production, the profits from their own labor. None of that has anything to do with disputes on production or conflict resolution. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 03:22:26


Workers controlling their company is no more central planning than a Board of Directors controlling a company. That's not what 'central planning' means. 
At this point I have to assume you're just being intentionally disingenuous with this conversation. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 04:28:12


This is communism. That is a different thing completely. Your neighbors are your community. Unless your neighbors are your co-workers too, then you are intentionally trying to obfuscate the conversation. 


And neither of those things are central planning.


No you're not, you're indulging your own No True Scotsman. You're pointing at the Irish and calling them Scots, I'm telling you they're not Scots and pointing at the Scots, then you're telling me the people i'm pointing at are Americans. My goalposts aren't moving, you're watching the wrong game.
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:09:21


Yes because nothing ever got done and we were literally cave people until the 17th century.
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:12:18
Capitalism is an umbrella term. There are hundreds of different kinds of Capitalism. Some are great, some are awful. Socialism is one kind. 
As long as we are exchanging goods and services for capital, we have capitalism. The systems and structures we have in place to facilitate those exchanges are where the debate is to be had. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 22:27:20
And socialism is a type of capitalism.
@_date: 2017-11-08 01:30:17


If I as a singular person am making decisions for my business, I am the central authority where decisions are being made. I'm not missing words, you're playing word games. 'Central Planning' is a reserved term in economics, like 'Moral Hazard'. You don't get to have a discussion about economics using the term 'moral hazard' if you're not using it to mean specifically what that phrase means. You don't get to parse the rhetoric into its constituent parts. 


If it's 10 ppl being managed by 1 person, 10k people being managed by 5, 100k people being managed by a 12 person team... all of those management structures are centralized authorities within the company. That is still not what 'central planning' means.


But they have an idea and care about their own needs. They have a vested interest in the performance of the company, and making/ allowing decisions to be made that would benefit the company overall.


We're talking about running a company, not running country or a planned economy. If a private business owner wanted to hire Hugo Chavez as his CEO, there's nothing stopping him. If a council of employees wanted to hire Bill Gates as their CEO, how is that any different functionally?
What i'm not talking about, what i've never been talking about, and the strawman you're arguing against, would be electing a president of a country to run a company. Nationalizing industry or Statism have not once, ever, been a part of my argument. 


And there's an argument to be made that if the Federal Government hadn't instituted the national highway program, we very likely wouldn't have nearly as many cars, and thus, less people dying in car accidents. But, having a national highway program didn't 'nationalize' road building. The highways were still built by private companies, just with federal funding. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:00:09


Elimination of wage labor would be the ultimate goal, sure. The idea is that workers should not be renting their labor to an employer, workers should own the works from their productive labor, and the profit from those works.


And this really depends on how you're defining private property. He is not making an argument that the land you live on, the house you build is not your own personal, private property, or that the fruits of your labor are not your own personal, private property.
This is also a heavily contextualized example. He's talking specifically about why Soviet 'Socialism' in practice didn't live up to the basic principles of socialism. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 23:56:24


Sure you do, you always did. This is not, and I've never argued, that it's a single business owner being forced to relinquish control of his business to his employees. 
If the business you worked for was 'socialist run', you would have bought into the business, or were getting stock options, or some form of equity in the business.


If you're a partner at a law firm, bought in, and you want to move but the rest of the firm wants to stay.. what happens? 


No it isn't. I've been very clear what i'm talking about, and you keep reverting back to something i'm not talking about.


You have no idea what life experiences I have. You're assuming the way you understand to be the best way to operate a business is the only way to operate a business. In case you didn't know, most businesses fail. Most business owners go under in their 1st year. 
I'm not saying my way should be the way every business operates. I just want a level playing field to compete, and right now, the tax and regulatory structure of the country incentivizes a specific corporate model. That's what i want to change, not what you're able to do with your business if you're 100% self funded and want to play king of your castle.
@_date: 2017-11-06 03:21:17
I want an economic paradigm where wealth is going to the people who are working to actively create it. I want workers to own their own businesses, their own means of production, profiting from their own labor. What i'm describing is socialism. 
But that word is tainted for you. It doesn't matter what socialism actually is, how its been defined, debated and argued for over a century. The word has been propagandized to you, and apparently you're incapable of seeing though the propaganda.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:32:41
This problem was with an exchange platform. It had nothing to do with bitcoin itself.
That's like yahoo crashing and you blaming the concept of email. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:17:01


We already covered this days ago. Hitler campaigned on socialism to get the support of socialists in his rise to power. They did not get socialism. What we should hopefully have learned from decades of case study is, do not give a dictator power, regardless of what they promise you, because you're not going to get what they promised once they're in power.


Some workers do. All systems can and will be exploited. That doesn't mean we shouldn't try to mitigate the damage of exploitation.
You image is about 97% functionally and factually incorrect. Literally the only part this graphic gets right are the subsets of Leninism. You are operating from a functionally incorrect understanding of these terms and the philosophies behind them. This graphic is proof of that, I'd be interested to know the source.
This is how this conversation has gone:
Me - "Some sports are dangerous, I'd prefer people play baseball."
You - "You can't force people to play baseball"
Me - "When did i say people should be forced to play baseball?"
You - "Baseball is forced. Sports are freedom."
Me - "Baseball is a sport..."
You - "Then who throws the pitches?"
Me - "The pitcher"
You - "Why should a swimmer be forced to pitch?"
Me - "When did i say anyone should be forced to play any specific positions?"
You - "What about when they don't knock down all of the pins?"
Me - "There are no pins in baseball.."
You - "Who pulls back the curtain before they start?"
Me - "Curtain? You're talking about theater, that's not even a sport, let alone baseball."
You - "Why should theater performers be forced to play baseball?"
Me - "You're not even trying to listen to what i'm saying."
@_date: 2017-11-11 02:31:10
Thank you for the insight.


Except that it is a problem for the larger economy if the central government is creating enough to devalue the currency in order to keep up production. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 22:36:27
What do i lose? Everything i've actually said, minus disagreement with the definition of the word 'socialism', you've agreed to. 
Everything I've said was good, you've also said was good. The things i've said were bad, you've also said were bad.
This disagreement we've had was what 'socialism' means. What i'm saying it means, is what people who call themselves socialists say it means. What people who go to lectures and debates on campuses about socialism say it means. What the greatest linguistic thinker of our time says it means. What people who study socialism say it means.
You're saying none of that matters, and only the popular cultural interpretation of the word is what matters. I'm saying the pop-culture is uneducated on the topic and easily influenced by propaganda. That the cultural interpretation of something has little weight as to what that thing actually is, and if you want to understand what that thing actually is, you need to listen to the people who are advocating for it for the definitions of what they're actually advocating. 
If you're going to keep arguing that the culture is right, then we have to come to the conclusion that words don't actually have intrinsic meanings, that there are no 'real' definitions, and as soon as someone says something means something else enough times, as soon as the larger culture adopts that definition, then the old one is no longer relevant. 
^ I think there are huge implications to that mindset that you're not appreciating. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 01:45:39


And i'm not talking about collectivism. I'm not talking about communism or eliminating social or economic classes. I'm not going to advocate or defend those ideologies.


If you wanted to start a business and had a viable business model, you'd start it just like any other business anywhere else. Specific regulations or licensing required to do so would be up to the society you're operating in, but as long as you could meet the compliant criteria, you as an individual can do whatever you want.


If you're running your own business, you make the decisions. If you have partners, you make decisions together just like any other partnership.


Who makes decisions about pay rates under capitalism? Ideally in either case, workers should be free to negotiate their own compensation for time, but the wealth created by the business should be shared among everyone participating. People making sandwiches in a profitable sandwich shop would share the profits. If the shop isn't profitable, it goes under just like any other business.


By having the best available product, just like any other business should. If you have the best product that fulfills a market need, people will buy it. If you have workers that are able to make more money by producing better products, what better way to incentivize your staff to work harder and produce better products/ services?


This is a glaring mischaracterization of what 'private control of capital' means. You're contextually using 'private' to mean 'personal' and that's not how it functionally works. If you start a business and seek capital investors, you don't personally control the capital, other 'private' investors control the capital, and can cut it off if they don't see a return on their investment.


Missed this before, but ironically, Bitcoin is socialist money. The people producing the bitcoins (miners) own their means of producing the bitcoins, and own the bitcoins created by their works. You can personally run your own mining node and rig and 100% take any coins you create, or you can join a mining pool of other miners and split the bitcoins you create based on contribution. It really doesn't get more socialist than that.
As opposed to the American monetary system, which America being the worlds shining example of capitalism with the strongest economy the world has ever seen.. has a centrally managed currency. The people don't own their own money, the state does, and the people have to pay a premium (taxes) to the state for the ability to use and profit from the state owned currency. 
By your own definitions, American monetary policy would be more socialism than capitalism, and American monetary policy has been the most stabilizing economic force the world has ever seen. The world uses the American dollar as its reserve currency, a centrally managed, state controlled institution. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:51:42
A Venezuelan dictator branded them socialist. That doesn't make it socialist. I can record a metal album and call it 'Jazz'. That doesn't make it jazz. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:31:44


I'm arguing with how you're using the word 'socialism' to mean state control of industry. 
I've only ever argued that socialism is workers owning their own businesses. 
I've said several times that capitalism is an umbrella term, and there's nothing incompatible in capitalism with socialism. Socialism is just a different kind of capitalism, a different flavor. And that individual owners and employee based ownership can and do stand right next to each other in market economies all the time.
You've been arguing a strawman this entire time, with every post you've made. 


^ That's a phrase i've said at least 5 times in this exchange, yet that's the point you keep trying to argue. You are arguing against statism, and I've no intention of defending statism.
@_date: 2017-11-10 03:15:42


And socialism is a kind of capitalism. How many times do i have to repeat that?
All those things i mentioned were varying degrees of socialism, sure. But they exist as part of the base principle of socialism. There are hundreds of other flavors of capitalism that don't contain those ideas. 


Don't worry about what it sounds like, read it. Understand it. You're not going to get any idea of the actual content by reading the title. 
@_date: 2017-11-08 00:07:37
There's validity to even the best workmen sometimes blaming their tools. Ever watch any of those videos where pro skateboarders buy $30 walmart skateboards and try to ride them? Poor tools can make a great workman bad. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 19:12:59
Capitalism isn't the best system we have, it's the only system we have. The global economy is capitalist so anything an individual country tries to do (unless they go completely isolationist) is going to be under the umbrella of capitalism.
Socialism does not mean a central authority controls the money. That's what we already have in America with the FED, a central authority controlling the money. Socialism means workers own their own means of production. You have a hard sell arguing that the state claiming ownership of everything = workers owning the productivity of their own works.
What you're talking about is authoritarianism, not socialism. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 20:44:44


You're specifically advocating against the government actually creating anything. A government could create things. A government could employ people to take on productive tasks. A government could be funded through the free exchange of produced goods rather than steeling the productive labor of its workforce through taxes. You don't seem to want that.


And it enforces property rights and contract laws by pointing a gun at people. 
@_date: 2017-11-09 18:17:40
Understand that when people who call themselves 'socialists' get together and discuss the ideas behind socialism, they are not talking about state ownership of industry. They are talking about what i'm talking about, workers ownership of their own businesses, keeping the profits from their own productive labor, owning the wealth that their labor is creating.
You can link the propaganda about what people are told socialism is in our statist education system all you want.. 
@_date: 2017-11-11 01:04:03
^ This is what is called taking a quote out of context. You're omitting things from the quote itself to make it appear as if it supports your case.
This is a brazenly disingenuous way to approach a conversation.
@_date: 2017-11-04 02:52:56


You are making points against things that I am not arguing. This is called a strawman. I have not once said that socialism requires government regulation of anything, in fact i'm arguing quite the opposite, yet this is the point you keep trying to make over and over. 


How much is shared vs how much is reinvested into the business vs the criteria for distribution would all be up to the individual businesses and the workers within those businesses. How one sandwich shop chooses to split its profits vs a different shop are completely up to them. I'm not arguing for a government enforced standard, stop trying to argue against a point i'm not making.


Everyone who works for the business. The guy doing the paperwork, the people making the sandwiches, sweeping the floors, the people _participating_ in the operation of the business. 


No it doesn't, not anywhere. You are saying socialism says this is forced, because you have a fundamental misunderstanding of what these words mean.


Socialism - Workers owning their own means of production.
Capitalism - Private ownership of the means of production.
Workers are still private citizens, workers owning their own businesses is still private ownership. What i'm not talking about at all, but you are mischaracterizing at length, is state ownership and control of industry. 
If you want a deeper understanding of either of those, you're not going to get it from a investopedia or wiki article, just as you wont get a deeper understanding of boxing by watching a 30 second highlight reel. 
If you're going to this emphatically argue against these concepts, you need to actually know what the concepts are and mean. Read 1st hand academic sources, though leaders of the philosophy that are making dense and nuanced arguments. I'd encourage you to do that for both capitalism and socialism. Because you seem to not have a clue what either actually are, and are walking through the world looking through the lens of everything you like about the world is capitalism, everything you don't like is socialism, and that's all there is to it.
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:41:48
Bitcoin is regulated as F/X, but does it functionally have the same merits as another currency? 
People like you can look at the business environments of Australia and make projections as to the exchange rates of AUS vs USD over time. 
Even knowing the F/X world like the back of your hand, I'd have a hard time understanding how you're going to make exchange projections for BTC without a government backing and country's GDP market economy to reference for those projections. 
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:03:51




Let me put this another way: Satanism.
Google, Wikipedia, anyone on the street that you ask about Satanism is going to describe it as worshiping the Biblical devil, worshiping Satan, witchcraft, ritualistic sacrifices, etc... And all of them are wrong, that's not what satanism is.
Satanists, people who believe in and practice satanism, don't even believe in a Biblical devil, or the Abrahamic god, or any other religious deity. They are groups of political trolls that use the pursuit of established religious organizations to change legislation to point out their hypocrisy in regards to the principles of freedom of religion.
Now, there are some idiots out there that might call themselves satanists based on the common colloquial usage of the term, people who do actually worship the biblical devil. But those people aren't actually satanists and don't know what satanism is about.
You're ascribing a definition of socialism based on common usage, a propaganda term that's been peddled about to stop the actual ideas of socialism from taking hold. Tainting the word. Now, people hear 'socialism' and they think 'statism', state control of industry, central planning of economies, dictatorial regimes, all the bad things that no one is going to want to support. There might be some idiots that call themselves socialists based on this incorrect understanding of the phrase also, but that's not what socialism is. 
There's a reason why almost any discussion with a self identified socialist is going to end in "That's not socialism" when you point at the USSR and Venezuela... and that reason is because.. that's not freaking socialism. 
If you want to understand what satanism actually is, you can't ask random people on the street or read a blurb on wikipedia. You need to read LaVey.
If you want to understand what socialism actually is, you can't ask random people on the street or read a blurb on wikipedia. You need to read Engels, Luxemburg, and Chomsky.
@_date: 2018-11-16 20:16:36
Anarcho-capitalists are fascists that sometimes use libertarian talking points to express their worldview. Libertarians explicitly see the role of the state as being to protect the rights of its citizens, including property rights to uphold the capitalist economy. AnCaps see no role for the state, with property and rights as only what you can reasonably defend.
There's overlap in rhetorical framework and heuristics, but there's essentially no overlap in core philosophy. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:43:47
I disagree that the earth is round. Luckily reality doesn't care whether we agree or disagree with it. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:49:39
The meme is good, the mainstream interpretation is bad.
Hodl means don't trade your btc for fiat, don't panic sell from price fluctuations. It doesn't mean don't trade/ spend btc then replace it for fiat.
Hodl means use btc like a credit card. Have the fiat cash to make the purchases you want, if you can make the purchase with btc, make it and buy the btc back with the cash you had on hand. Your overall btc holdings are still the same, that's the point of hodl, not to put all your btc in a hardware wallet, locked in a safe, never to be transferred to anyone else again. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 20:53:33


Either you haven't looked into crypto utility at all, or you're exposing your bias on this subject.
This isn't some random btc post on this is the btc sub. I'd expect more out of people commenting here. 
If you want to criticize shortcomings in the functional utility of various cryptos, we can have a conversation. If your entire opinion on the topic is "it's all just criminals and gambling" then i've got no interest in trying to change your mind. You don't belong in this space.
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:39:03


I'd take serious issue with this statement. I don't want the government to be my provider of internet, I just want the government stopping companies that _do_ provide internet services from discriminating against internet traffic based on the source/ destination.
And on that same token, I don't want the US government to support bitcoin, I just don't want them trying to ban it. Get government out of bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:15:48


Except for, you know.. it does exist? Bitcoin is an actual thing, an actual technology, real written code that anyone can go download and look at. The entire transaction ledger is available for anyone to view. Does the internet not exist because it's not something you can physically hold in your hand? 
@_date: 2018-03-29 20:59:22
An obliate spheroid is still technically 'round'. You don't have to be a perfect sphere to be considered 'round'. 
"Shaped like or approximately a sphere" is the definition of round, which fits your own definition of the earth.
You're really picking the wrong swords to fall on. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 20:50:54
Your actual mistake is assuming libertarianism to be a Utopian ideology, it's not. They make no assumptions as to 'everything working out'. Rather, once the proper paradigm is in place, how things work out is the natural order of things. 
For libertarians, the role of the state is to protect the rights of its citizens from having their rights violated or from being oppressed by others. They just also see the state as the ultimate potential violator of rights and tool of oppression if it's left unchecked, and want firm rules, checks and balances in place to prevent the state from overextending its authority to oppress its citizens rather than protect them.
Where modern libertarians get it wrong and where they need to be rightfully criticized, is that they don't believe 'economic oppression' to be a valid concept. People using their wealth to create coercive circumstances for others isn't a point they even try to address. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:03:15
I have an app on my phone where i can just take a picture of the QR code on someone else's phone, type in the amount of btc i want to send them, then click send. For P2P services, it's just as easy to use as cash, easier i'd argue, because i never have to physically go anywhere to withdraw the cash. 
@_date: 2018-11-08 04:40:54
On a long enough timeline, growth always trends upwards. Zoom in on any of those ~30 year segments and while the general 30 year trend is up, there will be smaller boom and bust cycles in between. 
in 2007, most people had most of their wealth in index funds/ retirement accounts, and real estate. 1 market having it's own bubble popped had huge ripples through the economy at large. Nasdaq companies that had little to nothing to do with derivatives speculation or residential real estate saw their stocks tank anyways, and people invested into tech stocks saw huge amounts of wealth dry up overnight, jobs were lost, houses were foreclosed. 


While far less relevant, this is another point i've gotta take issue with.  Most people i talk to, including people in real estate, finance, market research, and capital management, think the economy is strong and another crash (that few saw coming in 2007 either) is completely outside the realm of possibility. I'm not nearly as convinced, and am trying to diversify my holdings as much as possible and minimize my overall exposure to anywhere i'm worried the dominoes may tumble. When i voice my apprehensions.. 'chicken little' is a term one person used. 
I see very, very few people with even close to as bearish an outlook as I'm voicing. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:46:01
You hold large amounts of cash to save up for large purchases, like a house. Even if inflation were near zero, what goodwould having a 6 figure bank account be if you weren't planning on purchasing anything with it? That money would be better serving you if you were investing in something yielding a return, or you were using it to purchase assets.
@_date: 2018-03-06 20:36:57


Bitcoin shouldn't really want the support of governments. Nation-state governments and banking institutions are pretty inextricably linked the world over. I don't ever see them supporting a system that's explicit intent is reduce the power of the very institutions you're wanting support from.
As blockchain tech becomes more widespread, countries, banks, and global financial institutions will come up with their own crypto-currency systems for their own purposes. Many have already started working on them.
This should never be the path we want bitcoin to go down in order to get wider adoption. I'd see a state backer of bitcoin as a net-negative in pretty much every situation. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:03:37


The ability for individual use cases like that is a broader utility in and of itself.
People in the 1st world with access to modern banking services aren't going to see a lot of utility in cryptos beyond what they already have readily available access to. People in developing nations, warring nations, or areas with extreme political and financial instability are going to be the real case studies for probably the next 5-10 years.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:57:56
The issue you're talking about is speculative gambling, and has little to do with the technologies themselves.
This is like criticizing the game of basketball because some players get caught shaving points. The PnD scams going on in the day trading world are not where the value and utility of cryptos lay. 
@_date: 2018-11-16 23:43:56


All political philosophies start with vague platitudes, and those are refined through argument, debate, and into implementation of policy. Liberalism starts with the vague platitude of individual freedoms, freedom of speech, freedom of association, freedom of religious practice. Every one of the presuppositions needs to be challenged to be able to form policy, that's not unique to libertarians.
Freedom of speech being a principle, the challenge of 'should people be free to incite violence through speech' is something that needs to be reconciled. Violent assault is a violation of an individual's rights, so inciting violence through speech is a violation of the rights of the victim. Coming to the conclusion that the state should protect its citizens against the incitement of violence through speech is perfectly in line with both principles. 
@_date: 2019-01-01 01:13:31
Shouldn't use the r word. It's offensive to people who want to champion the cause of the mentally disabled. 
@_date: 2018-11-08 01:57:05
Growth and contraction has been running on 12 year cycles pretty consistently for at least the last 35 years. 6 Years of growth, 6 years of contraction, repeat. The retraction from the 01-06 growth cycle caused a bubble to pop and the economy tanked shortly after. By 2010 we'd started seeing growth again already, propped up mostly by government policy. 
We've been in 9 years of consistent growth since, and only just this quarter are we starting to see signs of an upcoming contraction. Next quarter is going to be the writing on the wall. Whether we get a full on crash in the next contraction cycle is a question, but the wave we've been riding the last decade is about to break regardless. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:26:35
That's pretty much the opposite of standard economic theory. In a recession, government should increase spending to stimulate growth and investment. In a growing economy, the government should reduce spending and pay down debts to encourage savings. 
What we have now is the government running a deficit regardless of whether the economy is growing or stagnating. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:24:13
Because that's the way language works. Everything is space, and any further refinement from everything is 'a' space. Eco-systems could either be ecological systems or economic systems. Consumer finance is an ecosystem, and the everglades are an ecosystem. 
@_date: 2019-01-01 00:51:00


Lol what? When did i use one before you called me swine?
@_date: 2018-02-08 00:21:30
And what is that?
@_date: 2019-01-01 00:37:15


This is the misconception. Multiculturalism is you getting to keep your culture. You having the freedom to associate with others of your culture, having your own customs, celebrations, having the freedom to express yourself, either individually or through your culture.. so long as that expression isn't violating the right of others to do the same.
The leveling off all cultures into a ubiquitous monoculture would be cultural authoritarianism or 'cultural marxism'. That is the opposite of Multiculturalism.
America doesn't already have a monoculture. We have vastly different makeups of ethnic groups, migrant groups, religious affiliations, political leanings, all with their own distinct cultures and customs. The only values we all share commonly as Americans, are those enshrined by our constitution and its bill of rights. Freedom of association, freedom of expression, and freedom of religious practice being the very first right we are all meant to observe and respect. The natural effect of that right being observed in a country as diverse as the USA, is that the USA will be a multicultural society. 
@_date: 2019-01-01 00:09:10
This is the question isn't it? I know what multiculturalism is. I tried explaining to you what it was, yet you keep conflating it with 'Cultural Marxism.'
Now i'm asking you, what do you think Multiculturalism is? What do you think Cultural Marxism is?
I'm willing to argue within your own framing, but i can't assume your views on those terms. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 22:18:52


What is the fundamental flaw?
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:48:30


Before people called them spaces or ecosystems, they were still spaces and ecosystems.


Ecology and Economy are, to my knowledge, the only words prefixed with 'eco' that have system structures representing the ideas. If you can think of other use-cases for the term, by all means do so.
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:58:10
Fiat inflationary theory wasn't even a concept yet during the industrial revolution, and there was still explosions of growth in production...
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:42:53
I had a roommate during that poker boom that was paying his bills purely off of Full Tilt. He would sit at a 25/50 table with like $1k, would push all in on his first hand, take the blinds when everyone folded, and leave the table. Do this a couple times a day and make a few hundred bucks. 
He never got called in the 3 months he was doing this. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:08:54
People keep comparing the bitcoin bubble to tulips and beanie babies.. but i think it's much more like the Texas Hold'm bubble. A couple poker movies came out over a decade ago, then all of a sudden everyone was playing hold'em online on Poker Stars or Full Tilt. People who had no earthly business playing poker for money coming in droves and dropping their money into the pockets of others. Then the government gave those sites the banhammer and the online poker market dried up considerably. 
There was massive media attention toward the poker world and it brought in tons of average Joe's to the table. Once the online poker world got more heavily regulated, yeah there is still dumb money at the table, there always will be, but people who don't understand the game aren't participating nearly as much as they were at the height of the bubble.
Bitcoin (and cryptos in general) will likely go the same way. There's real utility in the tech and people who want to use it for the utility will always find value in it. It'll likely never be zero, but also likely won't ever get near the participation we saw this autumn. At least, not until a few major motion pictures get made where everyone is buying everything with bitcoin, then we might see another flood.
@_date: 2017-09-07 07:13:00
"Value" has multiple meanings and aside from someone's willingness to trade for an item or service, value is a synonym for 'useful'. Talking about having intrinsic value is talking about an intrinsic usefulness. Food is intrinsically useful because it can always be eaten even in an oversupply where its trade value degrades.
Gold is a bit of a stretch to say has intrinsic value, because it only has intrinsic value as a cultural commodity. Without human culture, gold is otherwise useless. However, gold does have cultural value other than as a currency, bitcoin has value (usefulness) _as a currency_ but has no other cultural or intrinsic uses.
@_date: 2018-02-07 22:51:39
"Liberals want things to change, conservatives want things to stay the same. It's a pretty universal law, regardless of the subject, that things change. Reality tends to have a liberal bias."
@_date: 2018-02-07 22:44:40


No they don't, there are 15 other states with worse poverty rates than CA, and CA is the most populous state with the largest economy in the country.
I'll admit it's overcrowded and overpriced, but those two things go hand in hand, and as long as you have an in-demand skill set, then your personal financial position in the state isn't going to be an issue.
If you can't keep up, you should move somewhere else. If cost of living and population density are your issues, go live in Mississippi or Louisiana, the states with the actual highest poverty rates in the country. 
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:30:41
Sorry for not adding the emphasis on 


Because apparently the statement confused you as it was written..
But the measures that put CA as the highest poverty in the country are relative rates, not absolute. They're putting the poverty level in CA at under $40k per year per household, and comparing that to poverty rates in other states of $20k per year per household.
You can cherrypick and manipulate statistics however you want to make a point, but someone living in Bakersfield making slightly below the national household average is not someone in poverty by any realistic measure of the poverty levels in MS or LA.
@_date: 2019-01-01 03:25:23


Multiculturalism means exactly melting pot.. Multiculturalism is an academically recognized phrase. 'Melting pot' is an allusionary term meant to illustrate the concept of multiculturalism.


These are conflicting concepts, a monoculture by definition is not a melting pot. And more to the point, when was the USA a monoculture, and what culture was it?


These are issues totally outside the scope of multiculturalism. Hate speech is defined as "any advocacy of national, racial or religious hatred that constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence shall be prohibited by law". This goes back to freedom of expression, so long as the way you express yourself doesn't violate the rights of others. Advocating for violence against ethnic or religious minorities is a violation of their right to not be assaulted or harassed. You also have the right to not be a target of violence or harassment.
When we're talking about how you as an individual get the freedom to associate with whoever you want, there are completely different standards that need to be discussed when talking about government policy or public accommodations. While i personally may not agree with the circumstances of the bakery case, i can recognize that has nothing to do with multiculturalism, or cultural oppression. 
Telling someone they must do business with people they disagree with is not the same thing as telling someone they're not allowed to do business with someone. Only the latter is oppression.


You're correct. You are born with rights, regardless of where you were born, or whether your government respects those rights. In the US, we expect our government to respect, at a minimum, the rights defined by the constitution. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:18:52
I'm probably a bad person to ask.. while i understand standard economic theory, i don't really subscribe to it.
If the general theory does hold though, outside of an outright collapse of the financial system, which would be relatively independent of inflationary monetary policy and deficit spending, we have a long while before we reach a point of currency collapse for the US dollar. Like 70+ years given current monetary policy, and i can't imagine the powers that be wouldn't change up policy to stretch out that timeline as long as possible.
@_date: 2018-02-24 22:32:00
And that right there is the thing. There are real, valid reasons to want all those things regardless of what the majority thinks. The real 'god forbid' would be when the majority is voting against those things, the things we all need. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:01:24
"Don't attribute to malice what can just as easily be explained as incompetence."
Sad reality is there's a lot of dumb people out there. Trolling is often my default assumption in situations like this, and I've been wrong more often than i care to admit. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 22:44:49
I was a MtG kid in the 90s so can't really verify your pseudomath in regards to pokemon, but i don't really remember, even at the height of its fame, pokemon cards being used as an exchange medium for goods and services.
Most of my high value Magic cards from back then have retained their value in fiat or closely kept pace with inflation since. So had my collection not been stolen years ago, that 25% of my weekly allowance would have still been a pretty solid investment. 
@_date: 2018-02-24 01:23:37
The idea is individual liberty. That democratic nation-state governance is nothing but a tyranny of the majority, and if you're not in the majority in a democratic society, that your individual liberty will be oppressed. It's one of the arguments for why the framers of the US constitution made the US a Republic rather than a direct democracy.
@_date: 2017-10-04 03:26:49


I don't recall him mentioning if he owed more in fiat than the current market rate of what he owns in crypto, that would be being leveraged. If he has enough in bitcoin to cash out tomorrow and pay off his fiat debts 100%, he's solvent, not leveraged. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:11:44


For most tribal cultures this actually wasn't really true. Stone age man lived in the same kind of equilibrium with nature as every other pack animal. The dawn of agriculture is when we started outpacing our needs with our wants, and the industrial revolution kicked it into overdrive. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 20:41:20
Cryptos have already shown they are capable of far more than that. The day trader gambling is a stain on the crypto world right now, it doesn't define it. The FOMO people trying to get rich off of crypto right now are inflating the prices and just making harder for people who actually should be getting involved in the crypto world for its real utility.
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:43:12
The idea that because _you_ are laughing at something, it's going to fail, is the same level of logical failure, and the pinnacle of hubris.
Email has utility. Most consumer email services are free to use, but there is still value in the technology itself. Cryptos have utility, regardless of the USD exchange rate. 
@_date: 2018-07-12 22:25:30
Because you're still missing the base concept that's being argued against, and no one is arguing against the point you're making. The point you're making doesn't begin to address the core concern the other people are voicing.
Oversimplified example:
Central bank creates $100, loans it to a bank at 1% interest.
Bank takes $100, loans out 5 $20 loans at 5% interest. 
5 individuals with $20 engage in commerce. Total amount of currency in the economy is $100, total amount of debt is $106.
The zero-sum game is the $100, that's the pool everyone is playing for in commerce. The $6 to settle all debts with interest and zero the pool, doesn't exist. That makes it a negative-sum game, not zero sum.
Each individual engaging in commerce needs to eventually generate a profit of $1 to pay back their interest. The total pool is still only $100, so in a best case scenario, 4 of the individuals are able to generate the $1 profit to pay back their debt with interest. 1 of the individuals is now working at a loss of $4.
The profitable individuals pay back their loans to the bank with interest, the bank makes $3 in profit, pays back $1 to the central bank, pays its employees with that profit, and the $1 by the central bank gets sent back to the government (your point).
Now, we have a bank that's made its interest payment, but is still owed $21 by the 5th individual who now only has $16. So he pays his interest out of the principle he still has remaining. Now only has $15, and the cycle starts again for the next interest period. This repeats until eventually the individual can no longer pay back the debt, and they default.
Every interest cycle there's still going to be the $6 that doesn't exist within the economy that needs to get paid, and as some individuals are more profitable and some continue operating at a loss, that $6 keeps coming from somewhere until a default happens. The game is never able to return to base, all loans and owed interest are never able to be paid in full, so the base is never able to return to zero unless the outstanding debt is liquidated.
That's a negative-sum game, not a zero sum game. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:12:41
It's not the government, it's the media. I've never seen a government policy release that didn't use the technical definitions of terms. People don't read dense policy, they watch cable news. It's the talking heads on CNN Money and FBN that have everyone conflating them. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 14:17:49
60% of the workforce could be automated away tomorrow and there's no new emerging industry for that workforce to move into. The only reason those jobs haven't been automated away is because the upfront cost of automation is still too large a barrier for most small business, not because the tech doesn't already exist. The tech will get cheaper over time, and that barrier will be reduced more and more. 
When automation hit agriculture hard, agriculture workers moved into trades and manufacturing. When automation hit manufacturing hard, the displaced workforce went into the lower wage service industry. When service jobs start getting automated in mass, there's no new industry ready for the displaced workforce to move into instead.
Trades will likely be the last sector to be hit with mass automation, but realistically there just isn't enough demand for the entire displaced service workforce to move into trade work. 


And this works all the way up until the point when the new advancement is the reduced need for labor to accomplish production. People who rely on trading their labor for income aren't going to have a readily available alternative this time around. 
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:13:16


No, this is economics, and you're still not actually addressing the base point. 
In my example, $100 of currency is created, but $106 in debt is owed. The $6 to zero out the debt completely does not exist as a part of the currency pool.
Until you can address that base point, you're just talking in circles. None of the points you're tying to make i'm even taking issue with, they just don't address the actual concern. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 01:48:28
Balance sheet balances for that lender. At the scale of the economy, it's not balanced. That's why global debt continues to increase, and if this system stays in place, has no mechanism for reaching equilibrium, while wealth inequality continues to spread.
When balance sheets don't balance at a large enough scale, the lenders get bailed out with the assets of the populace. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 17:48:30
The math behind UBI is the least of my concerns with using that as a solution to the looming unemployment problem. I'd agree that there needs to be some kind of ideas on solutions long before the problem actually presents itself, and currently UBI is really the only contender in that discussion regardless of feasibility.
My issue with UBI are the implications of the actual socioeconomic environment it would create. Regardless of how the math on funding takes place, where is that funding actually coming from? The best case would be its funded from corporate commercial profits, but we already have multi-billion dollar multi-national companies paying essentially zero taxes through legal loopholes, I can't imagine that's a problem that will be fixed any time soon, so that leaves whatever remaining workforce is left as a tax base funding the UBI for everyone else.
Now you've got an environment where those that have in-demand skills enough to remain employed, are funding the ability for those who are unable to find employment to still consume to keep the economy afloat. You're creating an underclass of people whose only economic value is to consume goods and services, having the ability to consume goods and services funded directly by those producing the goods and services, while the owners of the productive entities are still able to make a profit. The technicians, trademen and engineers getting taxed on their income so the rest of the population can buy the goods they produce, and the profits going to corporate entities still employing the taxable workforce. 
It turns into a corporate welfare system. Late Stage Capitalism to the n^th degree. 
UBI needs to be part of this discussion, but we need way more options for solutions. We need more and better ideas. 
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:34:06


This is what they're pointing out. When the central bank creates the money out of thin air, then loans that money out to other banks, the interest that needs to be paid on that loan doesn't already exist in the economy. Now we have a bank, and an individual, in debt, and the money to pay the interest on the debt doesn't otherwise exist.
With millions of banks and billions of individuals, that just turns into a shell game of solvency. Some debts don't get repaid, and are liquidated. But that liquidation barely ever cracks a dent in the overall outstanding interest. That gap keeps growing, and the small individualized corrections don't ever return the entire system back to base.
@_date: 2019-09-18 03:43:48


Hey man give those guys a break. All it will take to prove them wrong is the collapse of western civilization, and Climate Change will likely do that before hyperinflation so really they're just doing their best.
@_date: 2018-07-13 00:42:59
The physical coin example was the only one i made regarding physical forms. I even included an aside about bitcoin illustrating the exact same issue, and bitcoin is an explicitly non-physical form of money. It doesn't matter if the money is in your hand, or is numbers in a cloud somewhere, the premise is still the same.
@_date: 2018-07-26 14:25:38
You should probably find a better example than a machine that reduced the labor needs from a literal slave labor pool...
And even then, your example still doesn't address my actual point.
When farm equipment started being able to do the job of 20 laborers, those displaced laborers went into manufacturing. When manufacturing equipment started being able to do the job of 20 assembly line workers, those displaced workers went into service jobs.
Manufacturing existed long before agricultural automation, that sector was readily available to be moved into for displaced agricultural workers. Service sector jobs existed long before Manufacturing automation, that sector was readily available to be moved into for displaced manufacturing workers.
There's no new sector for displaced services workers readily available to move into. This is a new problem, with no real solutions on the horizon. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 00:16:14
There is a serious sticking point we're having here, because i understand what you're saying, and I'm not taking issue or disagreeing with anything you're saying. You keep making points that while being completely true as face value statements, don't actually address what I'm trying to discuss.
The problem is you're not understanding what i'm saying, what the concern that people are bringing up actually is... so lets try to scale this down even more: Explicitly physical commodity currency.
I have mined and minted 10 gold coins. 10 physical coins exist within the currency pool. You ask me to borrow the 10 coins, I charge you 1 coin in interest per week on the debt for the initial 10 coins. That makes the total liability 11 coins, yet only 10 coins actually exist. You can pay me all 10 coins back the next week, but you'd still owe me the 1 coin agreed upon in the terms of the loan, a coin that does not actually physically exist. Or you could pay me back the 1 coin in interest for that week, the principle you still have outstanding is 10 coins, and you'll owe me another coin the next week. So now we're at a total economic liability of 12 coins, but still only 10 coins actually exist. 
We continue on for 10 weeks, you paying me back the interest of 1 coin each week. Now, I've returned back to my original balance of 10 coins, and can loan those out to someone else at the same interest rate i was loaning them to you. You still owe me 10 coins though, and those coins still don't exist, so now you default on that loan and either pay me back with non-coin assets (negative-sum), or the debt is liquidated.
We can scale this up or down at any level.
We're in a bitcoin sub. There will only ever be 21 million bitcoins created. So if the outstanding interest debt for bitcoin loans ever exceeds 21 million, some parties are eventually going to not be able to pay back that debt in bitcoin, and either have to default on their outstanding debts or pay off the debt in non-bitcoin assets. That's negative-sum. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 15:01:54


As a % of the workforce, not nearly as many. Agriculture went from 40% of the workforce to 1% of the workforce. Manufacturing went from 30% of the workforce to 10%. The service sector is currently 80% of our workforce. Where do those workers go next?


Sentient AI would likely obsolete humans completely. The concerns i'm raising have nothing to do with sentient AI, not even necessarily AI. Dumb automation could cause the tilt i'm talking about, AI will just exacerbate the problem.


I'd love to see a scholarly source on this one.. at face value that's a ridiculous claim to make. 


Someone, sure. But likely, not the actual displaced workers. Displaced Commercial drivers aren't going to be programming the automated cars and trucks. Displaced retail workers aren't going to be stock robot technicians. Some of them maybe, but when a machine displaces 20 workers, the maintenance needed on that machine can be done by 1 person, not 40. 1 person to drive the tractor that harvests the field 20 people used to work. That's what makes automation cost effective in the first place, long term cost reduction from not having to pay as much for labor.


This is just blatantly untrue. Automation doesn't currently work for creative improvisational tasks. Logical reasoning can and is programmable. 
You're using a lot of equivocation in these statements without addressing the base concern i'm voicing. In every other instance of automation displacing a workforce, there's been a different labor sector readily available for that workforce to move into. Once automation hits the service sector in mass, there's no new sector for displaced service workers to go into.
Labor is subject to the rules of supply and demand. Not everyone can go into the trades, not everyone can work in IT, not everyone can become a software developer. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:45:48
I really don't understand the color coding.. I've got the exact same amount of BTC today as I did yesterday, but i see people all over getting upset for some reason. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 02:13:42
Spending unsecured debt as money increases the overall debt footprint. It becomes a perpetual growth of debt, exactly what we're seeing at a global scale.
You seem to be arguing that perpetually increasing debt at any scale ultimately doesn't matter because it all ends up being a wash anyways. 
I'll watch your video later tonight and see if it makes any better of a framing from what you're arguing. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 21:57:14
Depends on the context i'd say. Place is more specific than space generally. For example, if i were to tell you "You don't belong in this space" I'd be referring to btc or cryptos. If I were to tell you "You don't belong in this place" I'd be referring to this specific subreddit. 
Though, In the physical world I could say something like "You don't belong in this place" referring to the building we're in, or "You don't belong in this space" referring to the very specific location you happen to be occupying within that building. 
It all depends on the context. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 19:14:15
This comment is going to be very long, but i encourage you to read the whole thing.


Automation already exists, and the point i'm trying to make over and over, is there is no new sector for mass displaced workers to move into. With every other historical example of automation displacing a workforce sector, the displaced workers already had a sector to move into. This time around, there is no new sector to move into, the advancements that already are doing that displacement haven't created a whole new sector of jobs. This is a new problem without a real historical parallel. 


And this, right here, is my actual problem with UBI as a concept. It band-aides the issue of profitability without addressing the issue of unemployment.


Blatantly untrue. Electricity is one of the most cost effective forms of energy that exists right now, far more cost efficient than food energy which laborers need to work. The barrier to automation is the upfront cost of automating. Once the automation is in place, maintenance is far and away more cost effective than paying for labor. 


I'm going to give you a real world example of an automated system I was on the development team for that i can put actual numbers behind:
We leased the systems as a stand alone unit businesses could use, and while every customer ran their business a bit different, those only required minor production/ programming tweaks to customize for each customer.
Each unit placed would outright replace 5 employees, and the lease cost to the business per month was less than the wages they paid to even a single employee previously doing that job. Those systems could run 24hrs a day, 7 days a week, no breaks, and minimal maintenance. Our average service calls for those systems was 2 calls per year for repairs or updates, and service averaged 4 hours on a unit.
5 displaced workers for the cost of less than 1 is an immediate profit for those businesses without increasing their revenues at all. For every city we placed those units in, we'd need to hire a local technician to field service calls, but a single technician could alone support a city with as many as 300 placed units. So that's 1500 workers displaced by automation in a single city, with 1 job created to maintain the automation. That 1 technician was paid less than the employees displaced by the systems he was now servicing.
Our R&amp;D team was 10 people, and the automated system i'm specifically referencing was just 1 product in our portfolio of nearly a dozen products our team designed and maintained.
That example of 1500 displaced workers being replaced by 1 is just for a single city. We placed those systems all over the country.
As I already said, all of your comments are full of equivocation with very little actual substance, or technical understanding of what you're talking about. Read the above again and again for a real world example of what automation costs companies to implement, and how it affects their workforce.
If companies had to buy the robots upfront, that cost is the greatest barrier to automating away those jobs. Our company used a lease model to encourage automation, because that automation was _FAR_ more cost effective and profitable to those businesses in the long run, and therefor more profitable to our business the faster we could get the technology adopted.
That profitably really only comes to a head when the entire workforce starts getting displaced in mass and no one has money to spend anymore. Unfortunately companies aren't the best at looking at long term societal impacts of their business practices in favor of short term profits. 
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:40:32
You are talking about how the interest is being utilized, not how the currency to pay back the interest debt is being created in the first place.
If the central bank pays the $1 back to the government the second the initial $100 in currency is created and loaned, knowing they'll get that $1 back from the interest, that's an additional dollar of debt on the internal balance sheet of the Central bank. It will zero that out once the dollar is paid back from the loan, but the original dollar of interest debt is still outstanding until the bank pays back that $1.
The bank can pay out the $5 as soon as it loans out the $100, assuming it will be paid back the interest on the loans, but until that initial debt is paid back, the bank has an additional $5 of debt on its internal balance sheets until the bank has been paid the interest debt.  
Your above example is creating an additional $6 of debt which only exists on the internal balance sheets of the issuers of those loans while they're waiting for the interest debt to be repaid. The original $6 of interest debt still hasn't ever existed within the currency pool. 
The currency for the interest debt on the $6 hasn't ever existed, so somewhere in the chain, eventually a party is not going to be able to meet their debt obligation. That means eventually a party will default. That's not zero sum. 
@_date: 2018-07-26 13:59:21
And when automation really kicks off the tax base is going to shrink significantly and we're already nearing a trillion dollar a year deficit with a 4% unemployment rate. I've yet to see any kind of UBI proposal that would be tenable at a 20% unemployment rate or higher.
Even the most optimistic UBI concepts I've seen seem pretty ethically dubious, fiscal viability aside. 
@_date: 2017-10-19 08:18:25
No, but i knew about it when it was a card exchange. Hearing about their hack is what made me start paying attention to bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 01:13:15
Defaulting on debt can lead to asset seizure. That's negative-sum, by definition. 
@_date: 2018-04-26 22:39:51
Inflation is when the supply of a given currency increased, the prices of goods and services rising is a measure of inflation, it's not inflation itself. Likewise, deflation is a retraction of the currency supply.
Bitcoin is inherently an inflationary currency. The supply of the currency is increasing constantly at a set interval, and never decreases, it is never technically deflationary. Hoarding of the currency can cause functional deflation, as there's less active currency in the supply being circulated, so the demand for the coins themselves can go up and the dollar value goes up with it. That itself is not technical deflation.


In the only way that really matters, the actual supply of the coins themselves. The amount you can buy of any item with any currency shifts constantly. That's economic instability, not instability of the underlying currency. 
@_date: 2018-04-14 00:45:17
He's right. Atheism was originally a rejection of theism, not necessarily of god itself (as that concept evolved after the the term itself). I don't remember who gave the lecture but there's a very good video floating around somewhere talking about the linguistic differences in concepts between Deism, Gnostic Theism, Agnostic Theism, Gnostic Atheism, Agnostic Atheism, and the whole rest of the gamut of terms relating to how people understand their own systems of religious belief, or lack there of.
What people used to understand as atheism we now call agnostics. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 01:41:11
When talking about money period, those words have a specific meaning. If you're talking about putting more air into a balloon, then the same word is fair game. 
I've feel I spelled out pretty clearly why using those terms the way you're using them isn't functionally valid. If you don't want to address those points and offer a counter framing that makes some kind of functional sense, then I'm going to keep arguing that the only appropriate way to use those terms when talking about money, is in the context i'm using them.
There's an actual mechanic that causes prices to rise when a currency inflates, and there are thousands of other reasons that could also cause prices to rise that have nothing to do with inflation. The way you're using the term removes any kind of technical discussion about how currency supply works and how the prices of goods and services vary based on monetary policy. 
@_date: 2018-04-27 04:45:23


And people in general have a problem with knowing what words actually mean. We're in a thread specifically talking about systems of currency, the only appropriate use of the word 'inflation' in this context is its technical definition, which refers specifically to the topic at hand.
Supply chain problems causing the price of an item to rise temporarily has nothing to do with inflation in any meaningful sense. If you're not using the term to refer to the increase or decrease of the supply of the currency, you're watering the meaning of the word down to irrelevance. 
@_date: 2018-04-27 20:00:23
Here's why the way you're using those terms is stupid:
Using your framing, the price of a bitcoin rising in USD is "inflation" and the price falling is "deflation", but at the same time, the relative purchasing power of the bitcoin is either growing which would be "deflation", or it's shrinking which would be "inflation". 
The way you're using the term, bitcoin is both inflationary and deflationary at the exact same time. How is that a productive use of language? How is using the terms in those ways giving you any better of an ability to understand the underlying mechanics causing either the price fluctuations, or the purchasing power fluctuations of bitcoins themselves?
@_date: 2018-04-24 19:24:11


Bitcoin doesn't have any deflation, and the inflation is set in stone without a hard fork change.
The coin itself is pretty much the most stable currency concept in the world, it's the value of everything else relative to bitcoin that's so unstable it makes using bitcoin as a currency today unreliable. Fiat is far more versatile in that specific regard, as fiat policies can be changed with changing political or economic climates.


And freemarket demand by a lot of people is viewed as the gold standard for what should drive the value of a currency. 
@_date: 2018-04-24 19:29:49


No. Changes can be made to the core code, and any miners that adopt the change will be supporting the new code. S2X was intended to be such a change but was rejected by the btc community, so the fork never happened. Had it happened, we'd have a different bitcoin today than we did 2 years ago. There's nothing saying it wont be attempted to be changed several times in the future, and any of those potential changes could be mass adopted and we get a different bitcoin on the other side. 
It's all a matter of why is there an attempt at change, and will the new code result in a better bitcoin. If we see obvious shortcomings as more people adopt and we scale up, there might be legitimate need to make changes to the core code for it to develop any further.
If some other crypto figures out ways to do things better than bitcoin, there's really no reason why bitcoin itself couldn't just adopt whatever those differences were, depending on what the specific changes would be.
@_date: 2019-05-24 21:36:44
Sound is a word describing vibrations within a sonic spectrum. If something makes those vibrations, it's making 'sound' regardless of someone's proximity to hear the sound produced. If humans were all deaf, we may not philosophically understand the concept of sound the way we do now, but the phenomenon of sonic vibrations being created would still exist.
Just as if humans were blind, 'light' still exists regardless of our ability to perceive it. We use the words to describe the phenomenons, not our abilities to perceive or observe the phenomenons.
@_date: 2018-12-28 00:26:10
Within his wheelhouse, psychology, 95% of what Peterson says is right on the money, and 5% is kind of dubiously psuedo-scientific. 
When he steps outside of his wheelhouse and starts talking about economics and culture, much of what he says is just comically ignorant. He's the guy that brought the phrase 'cultural marxism' into public discourse. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:55:49
Using biblical phrases as an ad hominem. Your god would be proud.
@_date: 2018-12-31 05:47:49


As you frame the 'left' as anything you apparently view as bad. Cool.
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:32:53
"I think people should be thrown in jail for asking for verifiable sources."
Funny how when people decry the nightmares caused be Stalin, they advocate for the exact same methods Stalin used against his own detractors. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 05:40:12
It'd take me a while to find any specific excepts of what I'm referring to. The videos of podcasts he's on and debates he has are hours long to scour through to find 15 second soundbites, but the general gist would be that he makes broad generalizations about macro-economic principles that fundamentally misrepresent the actual principle he's referring to. 
He does the same thing with sociology, he'll use academic reserved terms that have very specific contextual meanings, but he'll use those terms in a general language sort of way to criticize principles that in no way are represented by the actual terms he's using to describe them. 
I'll try to find some specific examples to have at the ready in the future, but suffice it to say, i was first exposed to Peterson through his first JRE appearance and thought what he was saying was absolutely spot on, that lead me down the rabbit hole of watching every video i could find of him online, and making sure to catch his appearances on other podcasts as well. It was several months later and dozens of hours deep into his interviews and debates before i even started to notice where he was exposing his ignorance or being lead down some shaky logical pathways.
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:54:20
This kind of re-framing has been going on in American politics for the last couple decades, but the 'Hitler was a leftist' bit has really just started to gain traction in the last couple years.
It'd be almost comical if it wasn't scary. No one reads anymore, no one know what Marx and Lenin actually wrote about or the purge of the socialists by the Nazis, no one views these historical moments in their proper context, and everyone just believes what they're spoonfed by their chosen sources of media.
On the American right, everything that doesn't support their worldview is leftist. Everything that's leftist is evil, and only the right is good. This kind of manipulation is exactly the kind of tactics Hitler used to rise to power, and the American right is primed for a fascist takeover.
We just got lucky with Trump, that he's just a sleezy opportunist and not actually a fascist, and that he's too incompetent to actually get anything done. Next time around, we might not be so lucky. Or worse, the pendulum swings back so far as a response to Trump, we actually do end up with an Authoritarian Marxist getting elected. 
@_date: 2018-12-29 00:53:58
There's a ton to unpack here...


Cultural Marxism was a nazi propaganda phrase used to impose the belief that marxists (read: Jews) were trying to infect Aryan culture with their globalist worldview as a kind of conspiracy to undermine German society. As they were dehumanizing Jews, they were also marginalizing people of socialist/ communist beliefs as being part of the Jewish conspiracy. That's the root of the term and where it comes from. 


Multiculturalism is a social state. It's an effect of liberalism, the belief that individuals should have rights as individuals and that one of those rights is freedom of association and freedom of expression. In a country like the US where from coast to coast internally there are vastly different cultures, and that's exacerbated through international migration and people of other cultures coming to live in America, an effect of having freedom of association is that people will associate with others of cultures they're familiar with.
The opposite social state from multiculturalism is having a culturally homogeneous state. Liberal culturally homogeneous states tend to be primarily ethnically homogeneous states like Scandinavian countries (or Japan). Having a state imposed homogeneous culture is literally what Fascism aims to accomplish.
In an ethnically diverse state like the US, if you're going to follow the principle of liberalism, that individual rights should be respected, the natural outcome is a multicultural society. The only way to approach a culturally homogeneous society in an ethnically diverse state is through a Fascist dictatorship, and those tend to lend themselves towards ethnic cleansing.


To say you don't like multiculturalism in this context, I'd have to assume you just don't understand what multiculturalism actually is. If you have free association in a multicultural society, you'd be free to not associate with cultures you don't agree with. That's a far better situation than being forced to subscribe to any specific culture whether you agree with it or not.


State imposed cultural homogeneity doesn't have to be anti-semetic, just the most visible examples we have were explicitly anti-semetic, and this is pertinent because this is where the term 'cultural marxism' comes from in the first place. But the Nazi's aren't the only example of this. It happens at much smaller scales of Tribal cultures in Africa and the Middle East as well.


What are you defining as conservative beliefs? Because i may take some issue with this framing as well, but it's not the job of the state to protect your beliefs, it's the job of the state to protect your rights. You have a right to believe whatever you want to believe, but that doesn't mean you get to impose those beliefs on others who don't share them.


And again we're back to Japan being an already primarily ethnically homogeneous country. There's nothing wrong with the Japanese wanting to protect Japanese culture from getting washed out in their own country. That's not a possibility in America without overt authoritarianism imposing one culture over another. We're already too ethnically and culturally diverse. What culture would receive preference, and what happens to the people who don't want to subscribe to the preferred culture?


It's more the advocacy of cultural authoritarian methods. His criticism of 'cultural marxists' in this context is PC language policing of people who don't subscribe to 'their' language constructs. His advocacy of culturally enforced monogamy is the exact same method for enforcing his ideas, except instead of it being language constructs being enforced by the culture, it's how people approach their romantic/ interpersonal relationships. To me, that feels like far more of an overreach than criticizing people for using inflammatory language. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 23:48:34


Peterson was literally a registered member of the Socialist party in Canada, per his own admission. Unless he lied about that, and i'll admit i haven't personally fact checked his party affiliations. But i'm taking him at his word on that one, not anything i've read about him.
And his appearances with self avowed alt-righters on their own platforms is demonstrably true... not sure how you can even pretend otherwise.
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:04:31


First off, those are two separate worldviews. Second, how those views are actually implemented could be either right, or left.


This is only a valid framing if you believe the right is capitalism and the left is socialism. That's a framing i'm going to push back on.


~80 years or so, and that framing comes straight from Soviet propaganda. I try not to subscribe to propaganda.


From where the concept of the left/right paradigm actually comes from. The French revolution, where supporters of the Aristocracy sat on the right of the parliament, and supporters of the common people having their own voice in governance sat on the left.


Except for the standards of the original distinction and the ~150 so years of philosophical writings based on that distinction that followed. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 01:00:46


Everyone should be able to espouse an opinion on what they think should be done about climate change, we all have skin in the game. Only people studying climate sciences should be giving lectures on whether or not human activity is impacting the global climate.


The global climate changing is a verifiable fact. If you're going to espouse opinions that run contrary to established scientific processes, you have to have a scientific reason to back that opinion, and that reason needs to be verifiable as well. That's what science is.
If climate scientists are wrong about climate change, the way to prove them wrong is with science.


If i walk into Jordan's lecture hall while he's talking about clinical psychology and start blathering nonsense and saying he's wrong without any method of backing my 'opinion', then he should rightfully tell me to stay in my lane. If Peterson walks into my office and started questioning my beliefs in a field where i have legitimate expertise, if he doesn't have some legitimately verifiable reason to be espousing a belief contrary to my knowledge, then yes, he should stay in his lane.
You're basically spouting the same arguments as flat earthers and anti-vaxxers at this point. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 23:58:03
Cultural Marxism is a nazi propaganda phrase. It literally has no actual meaning outside of what was peddled through anti-semetic propaganda. Him choosing to use the same phrase with the same framing should be a read flag to anyone with even a superficial understanding of the history of the term.
The phenomenon he'd otherwise be referring to would be more accurately labeled 'cultural authoritarianism', as it has applications way beyond the scope of marxist thought. And worse, he himself uses the exact same cultural authoritarianism to push his own worldview (culturally enforced monogamy?).
If what he's actually referring to is the Frankfurt school's position on using manipulation of language to reframe public discourse through the worldview of Marxism, he's never articulated that as his intention, and reverts back to the buzzword catchphrase of 'cultural marxism'. That's either a glaringly ignorant position or he's being willfully disingenuous in his rhetoric, I'm going with Hanlon's Razor on this one and assuming the former to be true. 
@_date: 2018-12-28 00:34:37
The framing of your original comment was that people on reddit hate on him for giving self-help advice to young males. That's exactly the opposite of what he's being criticized for, as spelled out by the reply you were given. Psychology is his lane, if he stayed in his lane for his public persona, no one would care about what his stupid, uninformed opinions on climate science were.
But, he ends up on alt-right podcasts and PragerU videos spewing nonsense about topics he has no formal education in, where his opinions run contrary to what nearly every academic in the field recognizes to be true, and when taken to task about espousing those opinions in such public forums, he argues about what the meaning of the word "true" is as some kind of rebuttal.  Psuedo-intellectual is a good way to describe the public persona he's been crafting the last couple of years.
Giving self help advice to young males is by far his most admirable position in public discourse. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 22:54:55


Because Peterson is pretty much the only person in common discourse framing it this way. If you look through the last two decades of use of the term 'Cultural Marxism' before Peterson took it up as a catch phrase, you get steeped in Antisemitic conspiracy rhetoric. Peterson trying to rebrand the term is his cross to bear. 


And this is exactly what i'm criticizing of Peterson. Conflating multiculturalism with either of those other things is a fundamental misrepresentation of those ideas.


No it doesn't. The source says it's a buzzword used by propagandists to decry Multiculturalism. It's used as a way to invalidate to actual concept of multiculturalism by slapping a 'marxism' label on it, without ever actually addressing what multiculturalism actually is and means. And it's working on you.


I'm trying to. I tried explaining what multiculturalism actually means. You haven't addressed that at all yet and revert to the blatant mischaracterization of the term.


Because where the words come from is almost exclusively how they were used up until Peterson. And I'd even argue the framing Peterson is using for the phrase is the same as it's been used for the last few decades. He's just trying to shed the term of it's dogwhistle (charitable interpretation).
There's a better phrase to use for the exact same phenomenon without the baggage. I'm trying to use that phrase instead to discuss the actual issues. 


This right here.. Even using a charitable interpretation of the term Cultural Marxism, and using Political Correctness in it's modern public context, neither of those things have anything to do with Multiculturalism as an explicitly defined term. This is what i'm taking issue with. This is what i'm criticizing Peterson of.
So lets roll this back. You asked me to define Cultural Marxism and Multiculturalism to you.. define them back to me. Lets use whatever framing for those terms you understand to be true and argue within that framing. Because me trying to tell you what those terms actually mean isn't getting us anywhere.
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:06:52
Downvotes aren't really the intent, but otherwise yes.
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:06:05
I try not to pay too much attention to the blues these days. As long as we can all agree that bebop oppresses everyone. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 05:45:46
They're not dirty, people just use them wrong.
'Right' means in support of hierarchical institutions and systems of governance, with the extreme end being authoritarianism.
'Left' means in support of decentralized institutions and democratic systems of governance, with the extreme end being anarchy.
Communism can be left or right wing. Stalin's USSR was top down authoritarianism. That's explicitly extreme right. Calling Stalin a 'leftist' is an abuse of language. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 23:39:41


The reason why the two axis model doesn't make sense, and the communist/ socialist vs free trade is a bad characterization is because it completely ignores the idea that there are socialist schools of thought that value free trade and personal liberty. Libertarianism was originally a socialist school of thought itself, the word has just been co-opted. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 05:39:12
Did you actually read the page that you linked?
 "It is a Cold Warrior's way of decrying "political correctness" or "multiculturalism."


This phrase has no functional validity. Multiculturalism is an actual term with a defined meaning. I tried to spell out that definition to you, it has nothing to do with Marxism.
You asked me what Cultural Marxism was, i defined that for you as well in the actual context of the term. 'Cultural Marxism' is a conspiracy theory, not an academically recognized concept. That rationalwiki you linked spells this out explicitly with references.


Conservative just means being change averse. If you're putting any specific political belief on any given topic as being a 'conservative belief', we've got a pretty immediate problem with framing. 


'Cultural authoritarianism' means social enforcement of cultural norms. I know exactly what he means when he says 'culturally enforced monogamy', because he spells out what he means by that. He means social enforcement of the cultural norm of monogamy. In practice, this tends to be known as 'slut shaming'.


Maintaining a mono-culture is not the same thing as being Anti-multiculturalism. Anti-multiculturalism would mean stripping down an existing multicultural society into a mono-culture. You've got a really hard sell in trying to justify that as a valid worldview.


You asked for what phases meant. The only reference i even made towards Peterson in that comment was specifically about his own support of culturally authoritarian methods he criticizes of others when they don't support his worldview. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 22:39:45
Primacy of the individual is liberalism. Applications of liberalism can fall a lot of places on the left/right spectrum, which is why liberals tend to be centrists/ moderates, depending on what broad issues are more important to the individual. 
Those who favor the group could come from a variety of different schools of thought, from Tribalism, Collectivism, to Nationalism. Those views tend to fall on either of the more extreme ends. You'd be hard pressed to find Moderate Collectivists or Centrist Nationalists. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 22:32:52


Cultural authoritarianism isn't an academic term either, it's just a functional use of language. Multiculturalism is an academic term. Cultural authoritarianism would be the opposite of multiculturalism by any honest interpretation of what those words mean.
Cultural Marxism is a term coined by antisemitic propaganda. Marxism is a critique of the economic structure of capitalism. It has nothing to do with culture. Propagandists just slap the word 'marxism' on anyone they want to paint as a boogieman.
If you want to use Peterson's framing for that phrase, ditching the antisemitism and getting into the actual methodology he's criticizing of 'cultural marxism', the linguistically functional phrase to describe that methodology is 'cultural authoritarianism', which would be the opposite of multiculturalism.
You're trying to argue they'd be the same thing, they're exactly the opposite of the same thing. 
While we're parsing terms.. Political Correctness is a Maoist propaganda phrase. Cultural Marxism is a Nazi propaganda phrase. Multiculturalism is an actual term with an explicitly defined meaning. 
@_date: 2018-12-31 05:05:19
There's not much to the right of Stalin..
@_date: 2018-12-28 03:54:45
For most of the 'IDW', i'd agree they're not alt-right, most are center-left or explicitly left. Peterson himself was an avowed socialist for most of his adult life. None of that negates the fact that some of his talking points have been taken up by the Alt-right and he peddles himself around those circles now that he has an audience among them.
But the only whiff of Godwin that i could have even been accused of bringing into this discussion is pointing out Peterson's catch phrase, which comes straight out of Nazi propaganda. 