@_author: somuchlikeus
@_date: 2016-08-26 01:51:25
Can't tell if you are being sarcastic or not, but while it might be a bit antiquated, it probably does continue to serve some small purpose. They aren't trying to keep encrypted equipment out of the hands of nation states or the public. They are trying to limit an insurgencies (in some foreign country that we are at war with) ability to maintain secure real time communications in a failed state or something. These are the kinds of chips that can be installed in sort of "off the shelf" communications equipment that local public safety personnel, factory workers, or utility service workers might carry that is not dependent on any public infrastructure like cell sites and things. 
You see all the videos of ISIS using cheap Baofang Chinese HAM radios for tactical communication... equipment like that doesn't have encryption and if it is available in something cheap like that than it is some kind of MickeyMouse^TM encryption that the U.S. Military could crack in 30 seconds on the fly (usually ADP or ARC4, which are not very secure). 
I am very concerned about privacy and am absolutely opposed to all the warrantless wiretapping going on in the U.S. and around the world. I am a lot more concerned about the privacy that citizens have on the equipment that they actually use to communicate than any equipment that people might need after the military has started bombing every cell tower and telecom CO in the country... at that point things have already gone horribly wrong. 
@_date: 2016-08-25 22:55:35
Some encryption technology is still export restricted in the U.S. under  (ITAR) CFR 22 120-130, the International Traffic in Arms Regulation and also under the department of commerce. 
We deal with a lot of this at work. It seems that they are only really concerned about DES/AES keyloaders and chips that have a socket. They actually track every single keyloader and every single socketed chip sold in the U.S. and exporting them is a huge ordeal.
At this point I am not sure why. A few years ago chips capable of real time codec encryption really were something... but anymore there are software solutions that do the same thing so the restrictions seem sort of antiquated at this point. 
@_date: 2015-12-24 02:41:08
They weren't paying their dues.