@_author: sonicyellow
@_date: 2012-10-05 16:51:19
I don't believe you've presented simple logical grounds. 
Also, don't confuse relative valuation with intrinsic value. A $10 is worth more than a $1 *only* because the United States asserts it. Others believe it, and hence its valuation. If no one believes it, or have reason to believe it will be worth less to others in the future, you can have things like inflation - or hyper-inflation, which is a pretty amazing phenomenon. 
In your example, you presume many things about the valuer. But what of the Aborigine who comes across these bills, knowing nothing of our numerical system, much less English or fiat money? Would they somehow recognize, or be able to tell that one of the bills is worth ten times the other? 
@_date: 2012-10-05 16:29:17


lulz - That would be one valuable detecter! :)
@_date: 2012-02-03 21:30:01
Would they have to buy it in BitCoin?
@_date: 2012-10-15 12:39:40
Just because a lot of people believe something, doesn't make it true. Think of human history - the world is flat, Earth is the center of the universe, elements are Earth, Air, Water, Fire, etc. 
As soon as you must rely on agents to assert value (and nothing else), you've already admitted that intrinsic value doesn't exist. Those agents are the ones doing the valuing - there is no 'value' property within the money. The money has properties that are valued (in the case of fiat currency, it's a shared belief that it can be exchanged for goods and services in the future). 
Take a look currency exchanges: if the value was somehow inherent within the currency - or whatever it is - why would the valuation change relative other currencies and goods? 
The only difference between bitcoins and the US dollar is that one is backed by a government, the other is backed by math. At the moment, to the vast majority of people, the government is more trustworthy - but this will change (particularly with the Fed's nefarious closed-door dealings coming to light). 
Another thought experiment: why is it that confederate dollars are worth nothing, but US dollars are? What's the difference? Belief and trust by agents. That's all. 
@_date: 2012-10-05 16:27:02
Or rather, it has a value because people value it. You needn't even talk about monetary exchange to express value. 
Additionally, nothing is valuable without a valuer. That alone should tell us valuation is subjective.
@_date: 2012-02-02 17:41:36
This is an excellent idea. Just as the lack of alternative fuel stations prevents the ubiquitous use of alternative fuels, so too does the limited access to bitcoins limit its use. 
A similar business model can be found with Ebay stores who facilitate the selling of products for locals. 
The question remains, then, how to effect such a movement among precious metal shops? This will require a marketing campaign on bitcoin's behalf. Here's what I suggest: 
1) Draft a letter to coin shops that includes the following:
* Pitches the idea quickly and succinctly
* Address the common/popular concerns mentioned above 
* Explain how they can make money from it, increase customer traffic, etc.
* Include URLs to relevant getting started information, including, if someone was so inclined, a website specifically designed as a hub for such folks. It'd be especially nice to have a listing somewhere of the closest BitCoin Dealer/Trader to you. 
2) Distribute it amongst all your BitCoin-happy contacts and encourage them to deliver it in person (or mail it, whatever) to hopefuls. 
This would take a fair bit of effort - particularly if a bitcoin retailer hub were set up (which would be awesome) - but could work well. Cool idea.