@_author: sonja_chase
@_date: 2018-09-15 23:43:26
Isn't 4 months a pretty short time period to be comparing the two on? I'm not trying to defend one over the other, but you can see huge variations in any kind of cryptocoin over such short time periods. Altcoins have been doing really poorly lately and that can have an effect on the overall sentiment. People just don't trust them anymore because they think that they're too volatile. 
Which is true if you look at these charts...
@_date: 2018-09-19 18:42:05
Yeah that's a good point actually. Because they buy into it, they are supporting the idea. They'll never be able to control it like they can control fiat. It's not like you can go and print a whole bunch of bitcoins or adjust the interest rate on it. So if they want to get into it, it just means that they'll have to play by the rules of the game. And that game is set by the impartial blockchain, not by greedy humans. 
What if they created debt instruments that use bitcoin? Similar to the way you can have futures contracts on gold, or even a gold account and a credit card linked to it. That could still be a way of stretching it.
@_date: 2018-09-27 08:40:06
Yeah like any wallet. Travel around a foreign country? Carry a cheap wallet with your bookclub membership and $10 worth of local currency. Then if you get stopped on the highway by the local mafia, you can just hand them it and wish them a good day. 
The thing about Bitcoin is no one ever has to know that you have it. You can have $1500 worth or $1.5 million worth and you don't really need to let anyone know. You can just cash out in small amounts and spend it casually. 
@_date: 2018-09-18 21:03:50
That's why there's so much news about it. They want to try and push that boat out again for another ride. I don't know what all the fuss is about on this community, maybe everyone just wants to see another huge bull run like last year and this looks like a good enough reason to start it rolling. 
Of course, everyone would love to see their bitcoins multiply in value, but would you also like to see greasy bankers stuffing their palms with the decentralized P2P unit of exchange you fought so hard for?