@_author: sonopovero
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:52:48


Something like ... bitcoin at the moment?


Bitcoin is in no way immune to this. People will not be good with bitcoin and it's just a matter of time until bitcoin becomes one more item in a hedge funds' portfolio, if it hasn't already happened (although I believe it would eventually stabilize the price as the market would turn more liquid and efficient).


Bitcoin has potential to become a common currency, but is no way near there yet. Furthermore, on one hand people say it's a good value preserver (ie, don't spend it) and on the other hand expect it to be easily accepted for spending. I don't see these two arguments really supporting each other.


The learning curve for bitcoin is not any easier than getting into stocks. If you want to be safe that is. As with getting to know bitcoins, you need to do some research to get to know stock trading. 


With the companies that accept bitcoin, that is. Maybe one day there will be wide adaptation of bitcoins, but we are not even close to being there yet. 
@_date: 2013-11-20 18:01:14
1. Indeed. According to my research the safest and most profitable way of saving money are index funds, that have been shown to consistently yield about 10% a year returns on the average. This beats the fees the banks impose. 
2. What government should do is irrelevant in reality. What the government decides to do is what matters. I guess my point was that unless you're doing shady things the privacy aspect isn't a big deal in our everyday lives currently. How, would you think government could analyse organized crime with bitcoin if I may ask? I thought anonymity was pretty big deal.
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:49:02


I don't think this has much to do with asset bubbles. There are quite conservative investment strategies that are hedged against inflation and bubbles. 
Totally agree with the rest of your post. Although you could replace bitcoin with gold, silver, real estate or any other investing instrument that isn't affected by inflation.
@_date: 2013-11-20 13:01:42
Just a few quick points to get the discussion going:
1. There have been stories of bitcoins being stolen by hackers and even frauds such as described [here]( 
2. "Abusively regulated"? I see this as nothing more than rhetoric.
3. Unfortunately we are still far from this being reality. In my experience bitcoin is currently expensive and clumsy for money transfers. I see the potential, but not the evidence.
4. Inflation is not your enemy, in fact it keeps the money in circulation rather than being stored in banks.
5. Again, bitcoin has some risks, such as decision by government to ban all bitcoin exchanges. Furthermore, this argument is against the use of bitcoin as a currency: why would you buy anything with something that's expected to be worth a lot more in the future?
6. Bitcoin can be regulated by limiting its use in any legitimate business and limiting the operation of exchanges. War on drugs is world-wide, why couldn't there be a war on bitcoin too?
Bitcoin is currently going through another bubble. There is no question about it. Holding it for long term might or might not be a good investment decision. Remember that there's no free lunch and when you're selling at 600 dollars, someone else is buying at that price. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:58:21
* Everyone is only talking about the price
* Many investing in it don't know what it is
* Speculators jump in in hopes to time their buying and selling just right
* Success stories of the big sellers are hot 
* "Can't go down!", "Will hold value!", "Best investment I ever made!", "Big players are in too!"
* A tiny fraction uses it for its original purpose
Oh, this was the bitcoin subreddit, I was talking about tulips/real estates in Japan in the 80s-90s/technology stocks. Carry on, you're doing great. Maybe inspire your friends and family to get on board too!
Edit: one more (perhaps the best one)
* "This time it's different"
@_date: 2013-11-22 23:52:51
Pseudo-intellectual = someone who disagrees with bitcoin circlejerk. Nice.
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:36:42
1. Your money will be safe from thefts in a bank or in stocks. With bitcoins your currently as good as your own security or at the mercy of a wallet provider. 
2. To some degree I agree. On the other hand, regulation makes organized crime harder. Maybe under some oppressive regimes bitcoin can be useful for securing your money, but currently I don't see this as a big point unless you're buying drugs, laundering or hiding money or doing anything shady. 
3. It has been for me. I know how the transfers work, and that's not the big issue. The issue is actually obtaining bitcoins in one location and selling in another. I've found this to be either impossible or more expensive than the conventional means.
4. I understand your frustration. But there are a few things to consider here: 1. savings accounts are a terrible way to store money and 2. without inflation people sit on their money instead of putting it somewhere where it can make a difference.
5. What I meant here is that if your government bans bitcoins, what can you do with them anymore? How will you turn them back into your currency? You'll have to go to China, Russia or India for that.
6. It doesn't matter that war on drugs is a massive fail. War on bitcoin would fail as well. But it would really make it hard to do anything with bitcoin too, which is already a strong form or regulation.
To the downvoters: don't be a circlejerk. Make an argument if you disagree. What we should be looking for with these discussions is better understanding of bitcoin, not toot the same opinions over and over.