@_author: sophiagreen888
@_date: 2016-12-24 18:53:57
People invest in companies like Google, Apple, Microsoft, Twitter, Facebook because investors like tech, and investments like these don't take a lot of thought - they're something people want to have in their portfolio. Bitcoin is a platform for open permissionless innovation, and its Unique Selling Points are quite unbeatable. Up until now the dollar has been filling this void, but the dollar requires a bunch of intermediaries to help you get anything done with it - whether you want to store it, spend it, transfer it. As well as being inflationary. Subsequently, there have been real estate bubbles around the world, and the stock market has done pretty well over the last few years - people are always looking for places to store excess value away from inflationary cash.
Biggest events you could see around Bitcoin would be ability to store keys securely and reliably becoming simpler, disaster recovery mechanisms for key holders getting better (people making time lock transactions easy for people, so if keys are lost, money is moved to an accessible location after some amount of time), that sort of thing. I know, Trezor. Without an in-person demonstration, it's got a strange name, why trust that instead of Wells Fargo or Betterment... and, where do you keep it? Xapo should promote their services more.
@_date: 2016-12-24 18:40:54
I understand what you're saying, but disagree that this is why Bitcoin has value. Gold does not have value because people spend it, it has value because people hold it.
However. If you want to "spend" some Bitcoin, the best way to do that in my opinion, is in a scenario where it's the best payment option for you to use in that transaction. I believe it's the top option when you would otherwise be giving a gift voucher - Bitcoin can be redeemed for a multitude of gift vouchers, and unlike gift vouchers can appreciate in value until it is used. Many people give cash for this same reason. There's much less novelty to that. And cash is more likely to get spent on general expenditure, instead of something nice as you intended. And why give something that's subject to inflation/devaluation, when you could give something that's deflationary instead.
I know it's sad for merchants that people aren't using it. If merchants want customers to pay them in Bitcoin, I'm afraid they're going to have to offer us a discount, to cover our transaction fees buying it in the first place. This is fair enough - they're likely saving on transaction fees, a shop offering discounts to customers paying in Bitcoin is likely to get more customer loyalty than a shop giving a discount for many other reasons.
@_date: 2016-12-24 17:26:33
Rather than tell them about the rise in value (that's not the focus) better to tell them about things like, Bitcoin has never been busier, there's been lots of discussion of possible ways to increase capacity recently because it's been operating at near full capacity for months, and security upgrades in the last two years mean it's much more secure than ever before, and yeah, it's gradually been increasing in value for the last twelve months, pretty much a few percent every month - won credit of best performing currency this year, and the total value of all bitcoin's is now greater than 50% of all the world's narrow money (paper money, in more than 50% of countries - up to you if you mention this is because many of those countries use the dollar more than their own currencies).
@_date: 2016-12-24 18:21:15
In my previous line of work, I was aware of a many special offers, involving gifts and money (not pennies, often these offers were for amounts £10 - £100) attainable with minimal effort by most anyone. For the first few years, I brought these up with many of my friends and family. Only a couple did anything with the information, and eventually I helped a couple more go through the (straightforward) steps to claiming some of the better offers. I continued in this line of work for many years (and my friends are not extremely affluent, by no means!) but this didn't change.
If you take away from this that people are idiots, that would be understandable. But I disagree - having found myself in a position to contemplate this for years upon years, I am currently of the opinion that people have their interests, their hobbies, their lovers, families, friends, their crosses to bear, responsibilities, things to consider and people to care for, and a lot more besides. They're not idiots, they just have their own life.
I get it though - Bitcoin could be really great for them. The free gifts would have been for people too (I was sure to claim them for myself, partner and close family - they amounted to over £30,000 worth). Sounds crazy I know, but if you take a minute to pause and consider your disbelief, now you get an idea of how people feel, hearing about Magic Internet Money. Do you consider yourself an idiot for feeling that way?