@_author: sosojni
@_date: 2014-05-28 14:13:29
I don't get it...what's so "bullish on Bitcoin" in that text? They say that BTC is so strong it will affect payments and whatnot. All really good and positive stuff.
Or maybe i dont understand phrase "bullish on Bitcoin" correctly, as i'm not native speaker.
@_date: 2014-04-28 10:55:56
I agree with Op that this is BAD.
With everything else i STRONGLY disagree.
Let me explain myself.
Bitcoin's strength came from it's software (protocol). Not from hardware which run that (software) protocol. If Bitcoin wants to stay strong, it will have to start fixing problems on software level, not on hardware level. Additionally, Bitcoin idea was to keep it away from centralization and as close to common folks as possible. And as time passes, Bitcoin is failing at it's core idea.
Bitcoin's main problem is that it started to use hardware to fix problems that should be fixed on software level. Why did dev's chose to do that? Well...i won't point any fingers but anyone with any intrest in BTC should read list of companies associated with bitcoin dev's and you'll have your answer.
Blockchain size is software problem and it should not be fixed by hardware. It should be fixed by software. Auto pruning and or distributed blockchain size (torrent style) etc. There are MANY possible solutions.
Network safety? Again, software problem, that was "fixed" by hardware (ASIC). Instead of implementing software protection from 51% attacks and all other common mining problems like some other cryptos out there, they choose to "fix" it with ASIC. Now that same ASIC is creating aditional problems which again you are trying to fix with even more hardware.
Why would i spend my electricity and hardware + storage space and get nothing in return, when in that same time, few others (ASIC manufacturers) are making shitload of money on mining (what they ship to miners is already outdated hardware that they used for month or two anyway). Let THEM maintain network. 
And that's it...we just hit rock bottom of BTC problem. From moment when ASIC's were allowed (simple change in code would kill em off and would be warning enough for anyone else that would try to develop anything like that) BTC was pushed in this direction. Bitcoin is going to get more and more centralized on mining level and it wont be changed anytime soon.
Software solutions are all around. Just check out techical solutions from other coins. If BTC dev's continue to ignore it, it will run em over sooner or later. ASIC's are NOT solution, they are only short term remedy that will create even bigger problem (centralization) which could kill BTC off.