@_author: sososojacques
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:29:16
Being a distributed systems guy too, I understand your stance towards node.js, but I admit I disagree with what you say about Erlang. Earlier this week, with a couple of my colleagues, we also discussed about what it would take for us to implement a proper exchange, and when it came to the implementation language, it was mostly between Haskell, Java and Erlang.
I don't think I need to introduce OTP to you if you already shipped Erlang code, but you probably understand why it would be a good choice for this application. Hot swappable code is also something tempting for any serious application running 24h a day.
Other thing, a lot of the Erlang programmers you will find have to deal with serious problems where keeping the system running is critical. Telecom is an industry where reliability is not an option. You want to have this type of programmers with you.
Haskell, with its incredible performance, concurrency model, and, of course, type safety, make it a very serious contender. The Haskell compiler would do so much work for us that we could actually focus on the actual problem.
Java was a contender because it's fast, has an enormous amount of libraries and tooling and used a lot in the finance industry (well, you cited lmax yourself!), so finding talented and experienced programmers, or even consultants, would be totally possible.
**The rest**
C is... fast, and finding talented C programmers is doable, but shipping safe and secure C code is quite a big undertaking, so we thought we would rather write a few modules in C if necessary, rather than the whole app.
Node was ruled out as we realized that it does not provide any advantage over any of those three languages in this scope, even though we all actually shipped production code in node.
All of that to say, I hope you reconsider your decision and see Haskell/Erlang/Java as potential contenders. But still, if you want to go with Node, I'll be happy to help, as I totally agree with the rationale of the project!
Good luck!
@_date: 2013-04-15 23:26:25
I'd suggest you to have a database which would map an address to a number, or to a rememberable string (like old password generators do), so you could have short addresses your users can type.
Oh and, those nails! :)
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:44:38
I was about to troll about PHP, but this thread is so full of awesomeness I should not pollute it.
@_date: 2013-04-13 16:46:29
You're absolutely right. I didn't include it here, but I thought about Scala/Akka, and I admit this combo wouldn't be a bad choice for this.
I personally like Scala, even if is not as pure as Haskell, and the actor model saved me some time more than once. Unfortunately, I never had the chance to ship production Scala code, so my experience is limited to implementing data structures, and toy projects with Akka.
Thx for the info about JRebel being free for Scala users, I didn't know.