@_author: sotanghonboy
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:39:20
I believe that people feel like bitcoin won't work is because the traditional brick and mortar financial system of having physical banks is heavily embedded in our system and that anything new feels like a threat to what we comfortably know. Blockchain is not bad. It's not as "bad" as getting deposits from people then giving it to those who want to borrow money and getting some revenue once the borrrower pays it back. The problem here is that what if the borrower doesn't pay back, how are you going to return the money of the depositor should he/she wants tonget their money back? Use other depositors' money? Possibly. But that could mean that you also have to find money to oay back those depositors. We have a name for this, it's called "Financial Intermediation" -- making money from the depositing and loaning of money. Are you comfortable knowing that you hard earned cash might be with someone else righ now when you are not using it? With blockchain, you don't have that problem. You don't have to go to banks to store your money. Your money is always with you in your "wallet". If you're worried that someone might hack you because they might trace your address, don't worry. If you don't think that "e-money" doesn't work, try looking at Zimbabwe. Since their inflation rates are way up there, as in it's unfathimably high, the people having no chances of using cash just use e-money. They transact through their phones -- even with a Nokia 3210.
Blockchain works in such a way that every transaction is peer-to-peer. Imagine an email being sent to 10 people, in normal emails, you send the same email using one account. It's easier to trace because they all lead up to that one account. In blockchain, your "email" is sent to 10 people, but they don't necessarily trace back to one account because every email sent has a different address than the other. And imagine weaving through millions and millions of these just to find one guy.
As to the question of "perfection", blockchains, i.e. bitcoin, might be nearing the pinnacle of perfection in line with human achievement. You don't rely on anybody to store your money for safekeeping, it's practically safe to pay and recieve money, and it's electronic meaning you have significantly lesser chances of getting mugged in the streets for money. And if you worry that it's not real money because it doesn't eqaul to something like gold, don't worry because our money nowadays doesn't really eqaul to gold anyway. US Dollars used to be equal to one gold bar via post-WW2 meetings spearheaded by the US. But since foreign countries got tons of USDs to get gold, and the US couldn't give them no gold Nixon in the 60s said that USDs can't be used to get gold anymore. Blockchain can be regarded as a pinnacle of perfection in matters of finance, economics, convenience, etc. It's a spicy new concept and deserves a try. But as with all irriterations of objects used for transactions, it has it's low points. Barter doesn't mean that everybody like what you have to barter with, shells cracked easily, gold can be faked and took time to be measured, fiat money is now practically worth nothing, credit cards just buries you deeper into a debt hole. One would think that we as a species would solve all these with something new and Bitcoin might be it! As I said earlier, it is only nearing perfection. It is not without faults. Did you ever think about how bitcoins are produced? We have people called "miners". They solve lots and lots of equations just to produce one bitcoin. And with every equations they solve, the next one keeps on geting more difficult than the last one. This is how the supply of bitcoins is controlled. Now this is where the imperfection lies, the exploitation of miners. In China, they have a whole warehouse of people who do this nonstop 24/7. There are advances in mining that rely more on computers than people. But there are only a few who can move toward this meaning that there are a lot of minersbwho rely more on people. 
So bitcoin, in its current state, is like the Roman Empire -- a spicy new concept that everyone wants to topple down and is considered the pinnacle of perfection. But in it's inner workings lies imperfections that it wants to hide (i.e. Nero's depletion of the reserves for his own benefit). But, I wish that bitcoin moves towards more humane and ethical methods in order to not exploit people. The idea is a great one, it is just the make or break factor lies in how it is executed.