@_author: sote_cire
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:01:41
I don't understand how the Braess paradox plays into this debate, it seems like you didn't read the wiki entry let alone try to interpret the research that led him to the theory. 
The idea being that if you build wider roads, more people will drive on them, and if you narrow the roads, people will use alternate routes, and there will be some minimum time it takes to get anywhere because there is an equilibrium that makes all routes approximately the same. 
I don't see how this carries over very well to BTC/BCH. The biggest hurdle that we're facing is still adoption. Scaling plays into that, but we need more consumers to spend the currency, more businesses to accept it as currency, and more miners to come online. If increasing the block size results in larger blocks becoming full, GREAT. We've added that many more people to the network. Increase the blocksize again, more people will join! 
This isn't a "temporary fix" or a bug like you're suggesting, *this is how bitcoin was designed.* In 10-20 years, the amount of computing power, network bandwidth, and storage space that can be bought for $1 will have exploded Moore than it has over the last 10-20 years. 
The centralization argument doesn't hold water in my opinion. Storing and transmitting the blockchain will only become cheaper, even if the chain size quintuples. Limiting the blocksize now is only reducing the utility of it as a currency, locking people in the 3rd world out of the system with high fees, and harming its adoption as a P2P transfer system.
@_date: 2017-11-01 13:02:15
Some of the competing coins aren't even going after the same market as bitcoin (IOTA), and bitcoin is far from infallible. Regardless of whether you support Segwit/LN or larger blocks, fungibility is a huge issue that hasn't gotten nearly enough attention.
There will always be room for competitors with different value propositions.
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:58:03
I'm not 100% on this, but a lot of times during a case, the total weight (including packaging) is considered the weight of the substance, ie if you sell 5g of cocaine cut with 4g of baby laxative, you still sold 5g of coke not 1g. So it might be 2 pounds of fireworks including cardboard/plastic/packaging. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:03:40
I don't believe Bitcoin will ever completely resolve the flaws of capitalism. It's another tool in the box that we can use to hedge against some of the problems, but it's just a tool (even if it's a paradigm-shifting one).
The stock market may change, but I seriously doubt it will reverse what's already in place; it's more likely to just add another layer. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 01:12:49
...The value of stocks are more grounded in economic principles than the value Bitcoin or any other cryptocurrency. 
Company A has been selling widgets for 40 years and continues year over year to sell more widgets.
Buy stock in company A, ie own a tiny sliver of the raw materials, the finished widget, and the profits from selling the widget.
More widgets are sold each year = your % ownership becoming more valuable year over year
Why do you think Warren Buffet is so wealthy? Stock ownership and value investing are mainstays of capitalist economies.
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:15:34
I don't really know where to start, I think you should spend some time reading about economics. Even if you believe that it's all a pack of lies made to manipulate us, at least you'll understand what the "other side" is trying to say. 
There's a lot of history in economics, the concept of debt has been used for literally thousands of years. [Debts of bondage were used in ancient Egypt] ( and [debt relief is well documented in Athens, even the Bible mentions it]( 
We are definitely getting richer. We'll probably have to get poorer at some point to counterbalance all the progress we've made, but the amount of money the [median worker in 2017 made is about 35x ($350)]( more [than a worker made in 1900 made ($10.16)]( 
At the same time, a pound of rice has only gone up 10x, about [$.08]( to [$.80]( per pound. For every hour of work in 2017 you can buy 3x the amount of rice you could 100 years ago. 
This same analysis doesn't hold up for beef, actually the price of beef has increased 38x to the wage growth of only 35x, but the underlying point stands if you continue to look at the tables. An hour of your work today can buy you significantly more food than it could 100 years ago. Not to mention your work environment and living standard has improved greatly, and there's a plethora of products on the market that were unimaginable 100 years ago. [Child mortality is down from over 40% to less than 10% over the last century](
I know it's hard not to be cynical with the amount of paranoia out there, but to me the best defense is to understand more about where we are and how we got here, I'd really encourage you to take a deeper look at the history of economics. What we've been doing hasn't been perfect, and it probably never will be, but you'd have to have your blinders on pretty tight to think that we haven't been making leaps and bounds.
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:59:32
Yes, stocks can be overvalued and there can be some breakdown between the valuation of the shares and the actual value that the company brings to market, but it doesn't make the economics behind the concept of stocks any less valid. 
Bubbles happen because of credit and expectations of future earnings, but credit is also a mainstay of capitalist economies. If it was impossible to borrow money, many businesses would never have enough capital to buy the tangible assets (computers, warehouses, equipment, raw materials) needed to run their business.
This is part of the reason it's unlikely deflationary currency will ever dominate finance -- no one wants to take out a loan in a system where the principle value owed increases over time on top of the interest accrued. If the loan is not easier to pay back 10 years from now than it is today, it will smother the borrower and multiplicatively enrich the lender.  