@_author: sotoshiwizz
@_date: 2016-08-13 18:25:13
He does not have the 24,636 keys, I do!  The real Satish sent them to me in 2014, but I lost most of them in a hack. How do I show up when most of my keys are missing and what was put on a dongle is misplaced somewhere because an acquaintance got too close and I can't remember where I hid it. I am the founder of Bitcoin working with Satoshi, Hal, and (fucme)Craig Wright. Craig is exceptionally smart and scamming you. I would have preferred no one show up, but that is not the case with Mr Wright. He is bent on being Mr.Bitcoin, going all the way to patenting the blockchain in the UK. Mr. Wright was only a token tester in the early days of Bitcoin.  He only had 7 Bitcoin shells without guts and a letter from me that I accidentally sent him instead of the real Satoshi, that  mention I got hacked also and lost most of the keys. I have misplaced or lost a dongle with the proof of work keys, and the MIT open source license. Might still find it as 1 hiding place is really hard to get into to retrieve. It's not so easy to just reveal myself, as a lot of fake friends and others for good or bad could hurt me chasing me all over the world, wanting something from me. If he is Satoshi, make sure he sends a key to the Bitcoin foundation. The founder is going Blind, I don't need a new car as I no longer can drive and don't need a big house for tall me. Just comfortable living and knowing my almost last innovation after sharing some of the top innovations with Silicon Valley to leave a legacy long after I am gone.  I have the 2nd part innovation to Bitcoin, but with the low vision left I might never complete it.  Scared to do a video to out myself.
@_date: 2016-11-17 02:34:44
I have been hiding under a rock and usually read old posts.   We need everyone! I have a apology to everyone.  I am afraid to come out..(help)( my demons are ruining my reputation) My coins and sigs are stuck or ?   I only know 1 man who can help me and he i guess is stuck too for awhile.....Everyone is owed the truth on Bitcoin and why it originally and HOW it was built.  Bitcoin is not perfect and the founder isn't either. Not even coder literate? The founder has many flaws.  Bitcoin was built by a few people and commonly did not know each other personally. A peer to peer network.  Currently waiting for end of Jan. Before revealing more except to Gavin if he would ever call me? ?? Craig was a tester and was suppose to only be that!   I don't know as we separately worked on the project.  ssshhh, more some other year.
@_date: 2016-11-17 03:02:03
Nothing but watch the evolution of the platform.
@_date: 2016-11-17 04:08:08
On video for everyone or even quite possibly at the grand opening of the new $5 billion dollar spaceship in Cuptertino, that Steve Jobs and i discussed in August of 2007 in Scottsdale,AZ.
@_date: 2016-11-17 16:14:35
Yes, i just realized it: Crypto.  In the last 8 yrs i have lost most of my eyesight
@_date: 2016-11-17 04:39:16
He is not, but,,,,, Satoshi will never reveal true self. I am founder of Bitcoin and asked Satoshi to build it for me and follow a set of rules for main developers. Craig was a long distance tester only as far as i requested from Satoshi. The crptographic sigs and coins are stuck in a vault with a broken key and i only know 1 person to help recover them, but this gentleman is stuck by extraditions in another world. We talked theory back in 2007 and being the best recognized journalist for a covert hacker.