@_author: souljar
@_date: 2016-04-29 12:07:01
Could coin base provide a response here as well? Why wouldn't they respond to emails?
Seems scary to use them (or to keep using them) at this point if this is a possibility, especially if this isn't addressed now that you're here and questions are being asked publicly.
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:31:49
Part of my point was that, when people talk about the ability to spend Bitcoin and that as a validation for its utility or status as a currency, they mean specifically direct payment. 
Anyone can convert Bitcoin in to the local cash and spend that, we know this already. You're right that Bitcoin backed visas allow you to perform such exchanges "on the fly" and make it possible to spend bitcoin more simply (albeit indirect).
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:57:09
I mean technically you're spending the local currency when you do that. 
So what can you spend Bitcoin on?  Only a handful of companies accept it, many of those just for appearances.
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:54:33
Holding doesn't really help establish it as a useful currency 
If you hold Bitcoin you're doing it because of the potential gains. Not to buy anything today. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:06:50
I just meant there's a difference between places accepting USD visas and and places accepting Bitcoin. While that's true also for a Canadian dollar holder using  their visa in the US, you can still directly spend CAD very easily somehwere (Canada.) All currencies have the ability to be eaaily and directly spent.  
In other for something to be a currency it has to be two things: something you can use as an effective storehold of value and something you can easily directly buy products with. 
Right now Bitcoin is working on stability and realistically is far from something you can easily spend directly on most of the goods and services you want. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 14:00:11
That's not how it works though, is it?
Holding on for even longer, never spending any of it, doesn't really do much to help establish bitcoin as a global currency. It doesn't help convince retailers to accept. 
If you're holding Bitcoin you're doing it for the potential gains. Aka investment. 
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:06:07
You'd have to know that the majority of people that bought bitcoin bought low and sold high.
The price being high doesn't tell you that, and the assertion it does is laughing-out-loud worthy. 
As with anything volatile, you'd have to assume many have sold at a loss.
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:56:51
Are you aware if any activity in these areas now? Would appreciate a source on this if you have one. 
In your opinion, would ethereum be better for these things? 
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:42:49
You could keep naming benefits and costs that go into it, but that will never change the fact that it does not actually have any intrinsic value.
If the price of bitcoin fell to zero, you couldn't do anything at all with your bitcoin.
You could be the most pro bitcoin person in the world and still understand/agree with this.
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:33:21
Okay, what can you do with bitcoin if the price of bitcoin is zero? Give me 2-3 examples. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:53:26
I think you're missing my point. 
You're mentioning things that are characteristics of the currency because it's based on blockchain. These characteristics give the currency appeal and function, not value. 
A post-dated cheque doesn't have value because of it's features, security, and functions - it's *value* is the cash value assigned to it.  Without assigning any cash value to it (or with bitcoin - if people think it's worth nothing) then it has no other utility and it's value is insignificant/zero. 
The characteristics you mentioned virtually meaningless as a determinant of bitcoins price on any given day. 
And my original point was just that bitcoin is not like gold - it's value is entirely determined by people's opinion of what it's value is at any given time. There is no utility to bitcoin outside of trading (which, for example, gold and most other assets would still have) - that's not a criticism, it's a description. 


No one said that, no idea where you're getting that from. I'm not saying bitcoin will fail or that I wouldn't invest in to it, so perhaps you misunderstood me.
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:11:32


I think the point here isn't about copycats, it's that price of bitcoin went to zero you wouldn't have anything of use left in hand. If the price of the facebook stock went to zero then yes perhaps there still would be some software or IP of value, and you owned facebook stocks then would still have equity and pink slips/bankruptcy reorganization/zero stock bid options potentially. 


That's definitely not true. Just like the housing market, the prices can go up or down simply for psychological reasons alone - people can just get excited or panic, and to some degree this will always play a part. 
And you can be very pro bitcoin and all it's benefits, investing in it as well, and still believe all this - none of what I'm saying is a criticism, just trying to explain the nature of the situation as I see it. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 15:06:09
Not sure about this perspective. 
Bitcoin is not like gold in any sense.
Gold has real value and utility outside of simply trading it. It can be used for many things, from technological applications to jewelery. 
Bitcoin is literally based on nothing but our belief of its worth in trading it. It literally has no value or utility at all outside of Bitcoin trading. You can not make anything out of it - it is literally nothing. Yes it has a limited supply, and can therefore manage its inflation, however unlike with gold a  Bitcoins worth is entirely in people's minds - this is a factor in its price volatility. The limited of supply also increases volatility. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:58:07
That's not what I meant - sorry for the confusion!
I said the utility is in trading (sending or receiving bitcoin). There is no utility outside of that - meaning it can't be used for anything other than currency. In that, it is very much like a fiat currency and has no actual intrinsic value.
Yes bitcoins features may make it more appealing than some other currency, but that doesn't change the reality of it being a currency (that isn't backed by anything).
Check out the wired article in my previous message!
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:53:07
A correction is just when the market price is above or below "where it should be" (aka overpriced or underpriced relative to the actual value) for some time and eventually comes back down/up to "where it should be." Often the overpricing or underpricing can be a result of the piece growing too quickly or too slowly. 
Many people agree with bitcoins long-term growth prospects but feel that recently the price has been growing too quickly and that it is therefore likely to be outpacing the actual value, so we could see some sort of correction down to "where it should be."
A correction doesn't mean a crash, and it doesn't mean huge fluctuations - it's just a description of the movement of price being back towards reality (actual value.)
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:52:26
Okay, what's the value of a bitcoin to you if you could not trade it (if the price was zero)?
That's what it means when people say bitcoin does not have utility outside of trading bitcoin. 
I honestly don't think you're following the words I'm using. This part isn't really a debate. 


Features (security, technology) of a currency like bitcoin don't determine its price on any given day, as mentioned.
*If you think bitcoin or fiat currency have intrinsic value than you disagree with many people (even those that are very pro bitcoin.)*
Check out the following article if you haven't. Are they "so patently incorrect" also?:
BITCOIN HAS NO INTRINSIC VALUE. NEITHER DOES A $1 BILL [WIRED] - 
@_date: 2017-12-09 19:18:32


I meant trading, as I've been saying in previous messages. Typo corrected.
Bitcoin's value is entirely in trading, with no utility or value OUTSIDE of that. That obviously doesn't mean bitcoin has no utility - again, I said outside of trading. 
As already mentioned, the features of a cheque don't determine it's value. Just like the features of cash don't determine its value. Just like the features of blockchain don't determine the price of bitcoin on any given day. These factors are no the same thing as intrinsic value.


So unlike gold, pork bellies, stocks, and other assets the value of bitcoin does not come from intrinsic value because *bitcoin has no intrinsic value - just like fiat cash has no intrinsic value* (again, despite any regulations, supply limits, or security features etc. fiat currency still has no intrinsic value.)
Unlike fiat currency and bitcoin, many assets do have intrinsic value which helps to determine  price and which helps with stability as well.
Even software often has both utility and value if the company behind it shuts down entirely. Just like IP. Not sure what you meant by that example or what you meant by suggesting that I'm using old world thinking lol. 
I don't think bitcoin should be accessible for free, nor do think 'blockchain is cool and that bitcoin sucks' - not sure where you're getting many of these ideas about me. 
I'm just describing the reality of it's price determination and that it is actually not like gold, stocks, commodities etc (where this conversation started.)
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:50:29
Bitcoin isn't the concept of blockchain (universal, secure ledger etc). 
Bitcoin as an application of blockchain in the form of a digital currency.
As a currency, it only has value that people think it has - there is no market price basis or utility outside of trading it as a currency. 
@_date: 2019-03-23 14:21:24
I think it's just a joke about using the term love and pretending you're that in to anything when it's overstating/inacurate 
@_date: 2019-03-23 14:27:41
Lmao what?
You guys takes jokes way too seriously!
It's meant as a light laugh, and not to be taken so seriously - it's a comic strip! The point was a butt punchline , and the rest was just a setup
And all it even points out is that people can sometimes pretend and overstate their interest in things, when they have relatively little interest in that. That literally has nothing to do with preventing people from learning more, talking about it, participating in it, etc. Calling that "gatekeeping" is a bit extra 
@_date: 2019-03-23 14:23:28
It's prob just a joke man
It true about anything, people sometimes pretend and overstate their interest in things
I think it's meant to be a light laugh, and not some serious/pretentious jab 
@_date: 2019-11-11 21:15:39
I think it's pretty straightforward, like crime rates.
The simple point is, if you take the US for example, how much of all USD transactions made in a year are legal and how much of all USD transactions made in a year are illegal?
For bitcoin, the illegal transactions represent approximately 44% of all bitcoin transactions. If legal transactions grow, the percentage of illegal transactions decreases obviously.
@_date: 2019-11-10 18:19:10
bitcoin has no utility or useable value outside of making transactions. while gold can be used for transactions, it also has other real world uses outside of that, which it derives its value from. bitcoin is more like fiat cash currency in that there is no utility outside of making transactions.
@_date: 2019-11-12 05:25:54
Speculation is not illegal, but it's also not the acting as a currency . It's literally buying bitcoin only to hold and sell off in to your actual preferred currency.
Bitcoin is meant to take off as a currency, do we need to some growth in it being used as a currency to buy goods and services  ( uses outside of illegal activity and speculative investment. )
Bitcoin advocates should be looking for the same and concious of it's growth as a currency or lack there of. This is what we need. Pretending we don't is delusional.
@_date: 2019-11-11 20:07:29
I'm not sure if you're joking or not, but this is why people say that some in crypto game that are biassed to the point that they make really poor arguments that do more to discredit them than otherwise.
I said transactions. What you replied with is irrelevant, almost as though you're trying to ignore the reality by bringing up irrelevant points. Tell me **the proportion of cash transactions that are used for illegal activity.** In simple terms that means illegal transactions - buying illegal drugs, bribery, money laundering etc. Hint - it's nowhere close to 44% of all cash transactions, let alone 92% of all cash transactions. Without even looking it up, I think common sense should tell anyone that much.
@_date: 2019-11-12 05:29:07
Speculative investment is by and large people buying into Bitcoin to get rich - aka buy and hold and then sell off in to your actual preferred currency. 
For Bitcoin to be a currency it needs to be more than a speculative investment. We need to see a significant growth trend in terms of it being used as a currency to buy goods and services. 
I'm sorry if I was unclear about the above points before.
@_date: 2019-11-05 16:30:26
This really ignores two major and somewhat obvious factors - potential capital gains on rising property value over time and tax benefits (the gains on selling your principal residence can be tax free in some places, making it one of the best possible investments for many.)
@_date: 2019-11-11 21:54:04
What do you mean "tainted"? It's irrelevant and unrelated, and an attempt to mislead in my opinion.
We're talking about transactions. That's fine if you're not sure, but why avoid admitting that and instead putting up a misleading and irrelevant point?
And it would be all USD. It's not a competition, the point is that's the proportion of legal transactions on bitcoin need to come up - that's the difference between it and USD or gold. Furthermore, another huge proportion (in fact the majority) of bitcoin transactions are speculative investments. So actual commerce - legal purchases for goods and services - are very low. Advocates had hoped that aspect would have grown more by now, and they should still be aware of this and interested in that. So I say it's not the illegal activity or speculative investments that are the problem, it's the lack of much growth in people actually using bitcoin as an actual currency to buy purchase goods and services still. Stores may announce that they accept bitcoin to market themselves progressively, but when you check many have almost no sales being done in bitcoin.
Now if you're really concerned that the proportion of illegal transactions in USD (out of all USD transactions) is somehow higher than 44%, then I think that's an unexpected point of view that doesn't seem to connect with common sense in my opinion and is a separate argument. My point is actually that bitcoins legal transactions (especially outside of speculative investment) needs to grow in order for it to succeed, and it hasn't grown as much as people had hoped it would by now.
@_date: 2019-11-14 03:36:16
Bitcoin reality as a currency only depends on it's growth (or lack thereof) in terms of legal purchase of goods and services. Not illegal transactions of speculation to sell it off in to used to get rich. 
Honest advocates of Bitcoin want to see Bitcoin being used as a currency, and don't try to hide or lie to themselves about that situation!
We need to see Bitcoin have some growth in it's claim to be a currency - buying goods and services, not just people trying to get rich off the increase in value while they use another currency to buy goods and services.
@_date: 2019-11-16 18:23:47
Omg he stole your stuff and is brazenly wearing it in front of you?!
@_date: 2019-03-12 14:25:24
If you can buy water from someone then yes?
@_date: 2019-11-11 21:45:17


You seem like you want to believe that, without bothering to look in to any of it at all. lol


Why? Just because you prefer to see it that way? I don't think there's that much controversy surrounding the study, but feel free to go use any other data or study. It seems like common sense, and not surprising, to me!
Illegal means against the law. So people breaking the laws of the country in which they are required to obey the laws. Again, you can just look at the study - strange that you already concluded it's wrong without bothering with that step, and without any opposing facts!
@_date: 2019-11-14 03:33:01
No what I'm saying is you don't need to stretch, twist, or pretend.
What percentage of transactions are illegal ? If you think that question is the same as the same as if asking if the money was at some point used by someone who does drugs, you're just being illogical, biassed, and dishonest. 
Most money in circulation has been used at some point at a convenience store - that doesn't mean 100% of transactions in 2018 were at a covenience store ! LMAO 
Why hide from reality? Any honest proponent of Bitcoin doesn't want to live in delusion and wants Bitcoin to have growth in legal transactions vs illegal. Nothing wrong with advocating for that.
@_date: 2019-11-12 05:23:23
We can literally see every Bitcoin transaction. We know how many transactions took place in a year.
Nothing to do with seizures, which actually represent a small fraction of the total illegal transactions. It's pretty clear that they aren't going after every single last one, most people didn't think they would go after anyone and it took a lot of time and effort to go after those that they have gone after.
@_date: 2019-11-11 19:30:45


So no, that's not laundering money as far as the government or law is concerned.


The reason why cash transactions have always been suspicious to authorities, and are in some cases not permitted by law, is because cash allows for untrackable, anonymous transactions - the same problem with bitcoin. This really underscores that issue. 
The difference between bitcoin and cash (or gold) is the proportion of transactions being used for legitimate transactions.
Approximately one-quarter of all users (25%) and close to one-half of bitcoin transactions (44%) are associated with illegal activity. ([
Bitcoin's quantity of legitimitate transactions (in particular transactions for actual commerce, not speculative investments) has not grown as much as many people said it would have by now.
@_date: 2019-11-12 05:20:48
So you think rolling up a bill to use it to take a line, and then that bill (being in circulation so it passes through many peoples hands), is the same thing as saying it was literally used to make illegal transactions?
I mean if you want to obviously delude yourself to feel better while not leaving in reality, go for it
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:43:50
What fact do you think I am rejecting? 
I never said not a single person ever spends any Bitcoin. I said people rarely do, remember? 
It's not an insult - you genuinely  seem confused, and argue points that I'm not even making lol.  Meanwhile you're now agreeing with me and backing down your argument to "I never said how much or how often " - So what is your actual point then? That some non-zero number of people have spent Bitcoin before?
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:36:50
Not really. This is somewhat striaghtforward. 
As more people make speculative investments in to bitcoin, the price goes up. 
Bitcoin currently is not being used as a currency. 
So what definition are you saying it blurs? Speculative investment and hope to be used as currency one day? Or?
@_date: 2018-06-28 09:46:05
Bitcoin will succeed if people are willing to spend Bitcoin rather than just use it as a speculative investment. Today the reality is still that no one really spends Bitcoin, so it hardly acts as a currency and has not secured it's proposed utility.
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:34:28
Well I mean people buy it and sell it at those prices for personal jewelery (gold bought and sold by jewelers), so doesn't that say otherwise (that is to say that people clearly are willing to pay at least the current price of gold for actual gold products)?
@_date: 2018-06-28 20:43:45
No one really spends bitcoins, and everyone knows it. 
Almost everyone that owns bitcoin is invested and buying/selling/holding for the gains. Beyond extremely rare cases, I've never heard of anyone even wanting to spend any of it on goods/services. Let alone the fact that almost everything in day-to-day life does not accept bitcoin right now.
@_date: 2018-06-28 09:48:46
I mean, you could say that to "justify" investing in building hotels on pluto
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:08:46
No, it's one that you are having trouble with understanding and apparently don't realize you agree with me on.
1 - I said no one really spends bitcoins because everyone is invested for the gains, as you claimed to be yourself. The vast majority buy bitcoin because the value of bitcoin might increase, rather then just buying some bitcoin to spend it. This is pretty well known.
and 
2 - You cannot easily use bitcoin for day-to-day purchases even if you wanted to spend it. Whether it's your coffee shop, laundromat, parking fee, chewing gum, lunch, tuition, etc. No one debates this, even the most pro bitcoin people. 
Pretty straightforward stuff. Was there something else you were confused about or was that all?
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:48:56


I'm still saying the same thing and you're still running in circles. Call it whatever you want, but it's not being used as a currency. It's being used as an investment class. Rarely is it being spent on goods/services, and few places accept it. 
Bitcoin doesn't meet the qualifications for a currency either. 
You seem to be suggesting chuck-e-cheese tickets are currency because you can buy prizes with them. You also seem to be suggesting air miles are currency, since many places accept those for purchases. Sorry, these things aren't currencies either - even though they meet your personally made up definition!
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:10:20
No one would call gold a currency today. Gold is a physical asset that has industrial utility (jewelery, technology, etc.) - which is where it's value is derived from. 
Bitcoins value is derived from its claim to be a currency. Bitcoin today is not being used as currency and it has zero value/utility outside of the claim that it is or will be a currency.
@_date: 2018-06-12 22:24:35
because nobody really spends bitcoin so it's kind of pointless to bother
@_date: 2018-06-28 16:26:11
**Bitcoin has no intrinsic value**, just like fiat cash has no intrinsic value by definition. In other words, the paper or code has no utility outside of it's use as a currency. They both require faith in the system in order for value to hold. **Bitcoin is not a commodity** like gold, which obviously does have industrial utility and therefore a basis of value that does not merely depend on your faith in it's value as a currency.
A true currency requires that it be a an stable store of value and that it can be easily traded for goods/services. Bitcoin currently fails on both measures, as it is still very volatile and it isn't being/cannot be used for day-to-day life expenses. Therefore, **Bitcoin is not a currency** (yet?)
That's not to say it won't succeed, but regardless the above three bolded points are the facts of reality today.
@_date: 2019-10-17 15:56:16
Or maybe I went to business school and can read? 
You don't understand that fiat currency has no intrinsic value. Basic stuff.
Also I just posted two articles explaining that Bitcoin has no intrinsic value.
Meanwhile you admit you can't do anything outside of transactions with your Bitcoin, zero value outside of that. And apparently you also don't understand the common use of the word utility. 
No it's not like your gold question. It's like me asking what can you do with gold outside of using it to make transactions? Oh that's right, it's still useful for industry , jewelry , etc. It's amazing to me that you cannot follow this. 
Did you actually think fiat currency has intrinsic value?
Do you actually not understand what is in the articles I linked to???
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:01:49


This belief comes from the reality that it has utility as jewelry or in technology etc. Bitcoin does not have this. It's current value (price) comes entirely from speculation that the price will go up.
@_date: 2019-10-16 20:20:12
Well put. Yes I think it's just that straightforward and I'm not sure why some people can't see this!
@_date: 2019-10-16 20:18:41
I don't think it's all that subjective. It's pretty straightforward - what can you use the bitcoins you hold outside of being a financial instrument? 
As for its long term potential and growth - this depends on growth of people actually using as a currency. Currently , that's been something we are still waiting to see start to take off but everyone thought it would've by now. Stores may say they accept bitcoins but there are little to no purchase being made that way at most of these places. Most just hold and sell back in to their preferred functional fiat currency. 
So in order to make an evidence based argument hat Bitcoin is going to last and/or gain value, I believe you need to have some evidence of people increasingly using bitcoins to make purchases and/or that businesses are seeing increasing Bitcoin purchases as a proportion of their sales. I think both have been more stagnant than people hoped, so it seems it's not still not really biting as a currency.
@_date: 2018-06-28 21:23:37
At this point you're embarrassing yourself. You're not even trying to debate clearly because you no longer can (we know, you just don't care to bother yet you keep replying anyway, right?). At least you learned a few things on this subject today!
@_date: 2019-10-16 17:06:21
That's not intrinsic value. Intrinsic value relates to it's *utility* outside of its ability to be treated or xt as a currency. Bitcoin has no intrinsic value, just like fiat cash has no intrinsic value. 
Gold has intrinsic value in its utility in technological applications and as jewelry for example.
@_date: 2019-10-16 15:40:52
To be fair, the critical factor for Bitcoin is being useful and easy to use as a currency. 
The reality remains that few people spend Bitcoins on purchasing goods/services and that unfortunately hasn't changed as much as people bad hoped it would. Stores that accept Bitcoin may exist but few have much purchasing actually being done that way.  Most people don't treat is as a currency, they buy and hold it as a speculative investment and then sell back in to an actually functional fiat currency.
In order to see a difference coming there would have to be strong data trend indicating significant and consistent increases in Bitcoin based purchasing at retailers.
Bitcoin , like fiat cash, also has no intrinsic value. It's value is totally dependant on what people think it's worth , which can be fleeting if people suddenly decide they don't care about it the value could fathomably drop to nothing very quickly .
@_date: 2019-10-16 19:21:28
Blockchain is a useful technology. That doesn't mean the bitcoins you hold have intrinsic value. Paper is useful but that doesn't mean fiat cash US dollars has intrinsic value because it virtually is useless when it comes to being used as paper.
But what are you going to do with your bitcoins assuming they are worth zero dollars or outside of  using those bitcoins for transaction and trades (as a currency)?
@_date: 2019-10-17 14:08:52


Lol what? 
That's not what intrinsic value means in any sense. Money (fiat currency) has no intrinsic value. Intrinsic value is not market value. 
Also these aren't stocks with future cashflows. Bitcoin and fiat have no underlying assets that you own as a result of owning 1 dollar or 1 bitcoin. 
Further reading:
- 
- 
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:58:32


As I already explained, the vast majority aren't using it as a currency, by an large it's being used as an investment class. Spending is rare. I've said all of this - did you miss that or just not follow? 
Furthermore, as I've also already pointed out, a functional currency has qualifications in reality - it's something that is easy to use to buy most things (bitcoin is not yet), and it is reasonably stable (that means in terms of volatility, and bitcoin is very volatile). 
So you already know what I mean and why I said it, yet you once again seem to be unaware and grasping for straws with this 'aha - but you said they never spend any!' when you know I've been saying that it's rare. lol. 
FYI just because you can can trade in chuck-e-cheese tickets for small prizes it doesn't make chuck-e-cheese tickets a currency either. Even if you call it a cheese-o-currency it still doesn't really qualify. This is what bitcoin enthusiasts are working hard on both adoption and stability. The community seems to understand this as far as I've seen, so I'm not sure why you're trying to argue otherwise? 
You also seem awfully defensive about a point that amounts to just me pointing out that it's barely being used for spending at all right now? You seem to even agree, yet want to find something to take issue with lol. 
@_date: 2019-10-17 00:43:08
It's a simple question, what can you do with the bitcoins you hold outside of using them as a financial instrument? Physically or digitally, either way. Anything at all? That's your intrinsic value or lack thereof - so please go ahead and tell us what you can actually do with the bitcoins you hold outside of its utility as a currency.
That's how intrinsic value works and that's what it means. It's really a very straightforward concept. 
No the intrinsic value of cash isn't "inherrently" the structure of the financial system either. That makes no sense. The intrinsic value of gold isn't a mine. The intrinsic value of either is what it's good for - what if can be used for today - outside of its use in trading and transactions.
@_date: 2018-06-28 17:31:57


Just because these facts are the current reality doesn't mean bitcoin won't succeed - so you need to get upset just because you don't like them or don't understand them! Investment is always best when you are aware of and consider all the facts. 
You should probably brush up on some of this stuff since you seem interested. Be careful getting in to topics like volatility and then using support like going comparing the 1970s value to today's value. When people talk about a currency being too risky/volatile to store your money in, they mean in the short term or even daily - not after decades, obviously. 
@_date: 2019-10-16 18:15:57
What can you use bitcoin for outside of trading and transactions (in other words, what is its value outside of its ability to be used as a currency)?  
Everything you mentioned was about its utility as a currency to make transactions...
@_date: 2019-10-16 18:06:20
You don't need Bitcoin for that, you need blockchain (a useful technology).
Why don't you tell us how people make use Bitcoin (utility) outside of purchasing and selling things? The volume and significance of this will tell you what alleged intrinsic value Bitcoin has under your view.
@_date: 2018-06-28 17:15:32


Bravo. 
I actually said:
1 - "Bitcoin has no intrinsic value, just like fiat cash has no intrinsic value by definition. In other words, the paper or code has no utility outside of it's use as a currency. They both require faith in the system in order for value to hold."
and 
2 - "That's not to say it won't succeed"
You seem to be arguing as though I didn't say these things lol. What is your actual point here?


Okay, I think you're confused about what I said. Maybe try reading it again? I never said it cannot work or made a prediction on bitcoin adoption. I just pointed out the current facts, which you seem to be both agreeing with and taking odd issue with. Again, I said: "That's not to say it won't succeed" - did you just miss this? lol. 
As for whether bitcoin "listens" - again, I didn't make a prediction. For example, to point out that water is a liquid, it really doesn't matter if water "listens" lol. Similarly, what you or i think makes no difference in the reality that bitcoin is not a commodity. There's no one that even really debates points like that, so I'm not sure what the problem you see is.


Okay, I don't think you comprehend what volatility is here, but that's not the term/frequency/magnitude that people are referring to when they call bitcoin volatile lol. This is another point that no one really debates (bitcoin has high volatility).
@_date: 2018-06-29 13:44:49
What did I say that you think is false?
Normally someone would just say that, if they could. Or maybe you're just embarrassingly trying to run away since you know you're wrong? It's not like I said anything that isn't almost universally agreed upon regardless of your position on bitcoin being a good investment or not. But go ahead, show us all where I was wrong! lol
@_date: 2019-10-16 21:27:31
Let's put it this way - what can you use your bitcoins the hold on outside of being a financial instrument? That's the intrinsic value (and why it doesn't really have any.) 
In terms of bitcoin "winning", I think the critical factor for bitcoin to succeed is seeing growth in terms of bitcoin actually being used as a currency/to make purchases rather than just people making speculative investments to sell back in to an actual functional currency they prefer to use.
@_date: 2019-10-16 17:07:46
Intrinsic value relates to it's *utility* outside of its ability to be used as a currency. Bitcoin has no intrinsic value, just like fiat cash has no intrinsic value. 
Gold has intrinsic value in its massive utility in technological applications and as jewelry for example. If gold drops to zero in terms of price it's still gold and has those same intrinsic value based uses.
When fiat cash or Bitcoin drop to zero it's not useful for anything, because it is nothing (has no intrinsic value.)
@_date: 2018-06-28 18:28:45
Fyi volatility is the frequency/magnitude of upward and downward changes in price. It also isn't necessarily a bad thing, as it can mean quicker/greater gains. 
So, no, volatility doesn't just move one way /up. That's the trend despite volatility. These are separate things. 
No idea why you're arguing because I said Bitcoin is volatile, but you seem upset and/or confused. 


Generally speaking , knowledge and and understanding of the basics is good in investing regardless of your predicitons.


What is it that you believe I'm not seeing?
 
 
@_date: 2019-10-17 15:14:27
No I'm saying this is the very basic and common  understanding of fiat currency and Bitcoin.
Did you read the articles I linked? They are explanations of why Bitcoin has no intrinsic value. You can use Google to find many more. 
Your bitcoins aren't blockchain. You don't own the block chain. You don't own a share of anything. You own an attempt at a currency, with zero intrinsic value, like all currencies that aren't backed by anything. The only use for Bitcoin is it's transaction value. The only use for gold isn't just it's transaction value - that is why gold has intrinsic value yet USD and bitcoins do not. No idea why you think gold mines or block chain come in to it. 
The question is simple - What can you do with your bitcoins outside of making transactions? Anything? You have to answer this question if you believe it has intrinsic value.
Did you not know that regular US dollars have no intrinsic value? It's something you learn in school. Lmao it's not the military or guns wtf... Seriously, just look up the concept on Google , no idea where you're coming up with these random ideas.
@_date: 2019-10-17 21:54:33


You just used this quote. That was you referencing it. 
You also thought bitcoin and cash had intrinsic value, remember?  Now you're embarrassing yourself because you can't admit when you're wrong about this very simple argument. You read the article and still can't accept reality lol.
So I'll ask again: Do you finally understand that fiat currency and bitcoin have no intrinsic value? Yes or no? Or do you still disagree?
You just keep running lmao.
@_date: 2019-06-07 17:09:31
So are you staying it was a dumb investment idea or a smart one? Really hard to tell. At first you basically implied that you thought he was dumb for his investment decisions.
@_date: 2019-10-16 18:13:19
What use does bitcoin have outside of its ability to be a currency? That means, outside of using it to make exchanges of value (transactions/trades)? Nothing.
Similarly with fiat cash, outside of being useful to lay for things and make transactions you have virtually no intrinsic value.
This isn't really much of a debatable point I don't think. Intrinsic value is a simple concept.
Gold, for example, inherrently has intrinsic value because it's a real thing with properties that are useful regardless, whether you use it for transactions and trades or not doesn't change golds ability to be a useful conductor of electricity etc.
@_date: 2019-06-01 02:14:48
That's how buying things with Bitcoin works?
You pay for it, and then you get it. A sandwich , a gold bar, whatever.
If you're buying gold as an investment, it would seem that you think gold is a better investment than Bitcoin though.
@_date: 2018-06-28 10:19:12
Not quite sure what you mean to say. Anyway, overall it seems  like you'really saying "you can't win if you don't invest", but also trying to tie that to the type of person lol - like some are just born to win, and they invest in Bitcoin, while others are born losers. 
The latter is ridiculous, and the former is so straightforward that it's almost meaningless in this context - as mentioned, you could say that about any potential investment no matter how ridiculous. 
So to be clear, no, choosing not to invest in Bitcoin doesn't put you in the "make wages until you die category" - I'm pretty sure that, by and large, most of the biggest investors in the world would be where they are regardless of Bitcoin. It's just one risky investment option - and not the only one available. 
@_date: 2019-06-01 02:17:41
They just want to sell it , and can convert bitcoin to cash relatively easily.
Gold is not actually a currency so obviously you can't use it like a currency to make most transactions - that's not really surprising. It's gold. Not a gold backed currency.
@_date: 2019-10-17 20:10:30
It's not a straw man lmao. It's the basic logic of the situation. You're also the one "dodging" from everything I said.
As I said:
\&gt; You don't understand that fiat currency has no intrinsic value. Basic stuff.
Do you still disagree with this? Have you ever even tried looking it up to learn?
Again this is basic stuff, hopefully this time you can start with the basics and at the very least look up if currency like US dollars has intrinsic value and learn how that works first. How can you  be mr. "smart money" if you both didn't even know that and don't even bother looking it up to learn?
\&gt; Also I just posted two articles explaining that Bitcoin has no intrinsic value.
Did you read these? Yes or no? Do you understand what they are saying now at least? Do you still somehow disagree and think everyone but you doesn't understand what intrinsic value is?
As for your question "do you think Blockchain, the technology is valuable, or worth anything." yes blockchain is a great technology. Is the concept valuable? I'm not sure how to answer that. I don't think anyone owns the "concept" but applications of the technology are valuable.  No one is arguing blockchain the technological concept is useless lol, It still doesn't give bitcoin intrinsic value, anymore than the mint or tax system gives fiat currency intrinsic value.
@_date: 2019-10-16 19:47:20
I get that you are grasping at weak straws by using one biased site with Bitcoin literally in the domain lol.
You tell us what you will use your bitcoins for outside of trading and transactions? That's the intrinsic value of the bitcoins you hold. So what can you use those bitcoins for today or in the future that isn't a transaction or trade (non currency use of the bitcoins )? You seem to have it all figured out so go ahead and let us know.
Fiat cash is paper so you could say that's intrinsic value but in reality no one uses it as paper even if it could be, so it virtually has no intrinsic value.
Better links you should probably read (theres many you can google yourself as well. Not many supporting the Bitcoin website you posted.):
@_date: 2019-06-12 13:47:27
We have hyper inflation in many places and Bitcoin has not come through as a currency solution  in those areas as people hoped it would. 
You have to also consider the likelihood that bitcoins value could significantly drop when no one has money to buy any speculative investments on the side.
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:21:11
No I'm saying your claim that not investing in specifically Bitcoin means you're someone that lives by wages until they die is both ridiculous and obviously incorrect. 
There's lots of alternative investments. So that's a really weak reason to attempt to justify investing in specifically Bitcoin. Like I said, you could say the same about investing in hotels on pluto. 
@_date: 2019-10-16 19:18:24
I don't think you understand what the basic meaning of intrinsic value is.
Bitcoin can die and the idea of a blockchain network can still exist. 
Bitcoin itself literally has no intrinsic value. If you can't use it as a currency - that is to make transactions and trades - you can't use it for anything else. Hence why it's commonly understood that if has no intrinsic value. 
Gold on the other hand has enormous and real intrinsic value.  It's not *just* a currency, it has other utility. 
Just like fiat cash has no intrinsic value. Sure paper has many uses lol just as block chain does, but the US dollars have virtually no utility as paper.
So forget blockchain, what are you going to use your bitcoins for if they are worth zero dollars? What utility do bitcoins have then? Nothing. Just like fiat cash.
@_date: 2019-10-17 21:38:36
Very good. That quote literally says very few things do in the world of trading and money, despite you denying that and seeming amazed that anyone could think that LMAO!
Do you finally understand that fiat currency and bitcoin have no intrinsic value? Yes or no? Or do you still disagree?
No need to keep running away.
@_date: 2019-06-18 23:13:38
Printing money is more about shitty economic policy. 
The actual issue is money in politics, and this  really doesn't take away the ability to pay people off. If anything it would likely help by making that harder to detect.
@_date: 2019-06-08 04:54:37
Great empty response not actually pointing out what you think was wrong - the hallmark of a frustrated sore loser who is not man enough to accept they were wrong and that they learned something. 
Is that what you always say when you don't understand semi complex financial concepts and get easily corrected on your ridiculous statements that are based on nothing? 
Try actually saying what you think is wrong and too "linear" lmaoooo
Go ahead, give it your best shot . 
I'm the one engaging in detailed conversation, while you clearly want run away while avoiding all substance and points now - embarassing, but at least you openly admit your personal embracement of "ignorance is bliss" lol
@_date: 2019-10-17 20:16:01
They both literally say bitcoin has no intrinsic value.
You're saying it does, remember? Lol!
Did you not read the articles? Please go ahead and show us where in either article it says bitcoin has intrinsic value! Looking forward to you showing everyone you're were right about that.
Also good job dodging everything else said once again!
Gold - okay fair enough, gold has no fundamental value either. The industrial uses are negligible. If anything that further supports what I've been trying to tell you about bitcoin though.
@_date: 2019-06-07 17:56:13
You literally mocked his strategy - suggesting he's not producing much value (gains) , based on one mistake. 
Just scroll up and read what you initially said . 
Buffet has made a lot of successful value investments, fyi! 
Also you sound like you don't know much about finance.  QE? That has to do with the greater economy, and specific companies. He's a value investor in things like coca cola and Apple, so your point makes even less sense. Additionally, what he's actually saying is simply that he personally invests in things that make money - so he prefers a gold mining company to gold, even though both track similarly. Not exactly an unheard of idea that anyone needs to "stfu" about - it's odd that you'd get that upset over that basic idea that others hold.
Maybe you like Bitcoin, great. If someone says it's not a company, there's no need to get this upset over it - just accept reality. 
Another reality is that Bitcoin is like gold but has major differences  - one major difference being that Bitcoin has no intrinsic value at all. Like fiat cash. This is the other part of his point that is specific to Bitcoin. 
So invest whichever way you want, but you can't change the reality of speculation or intrinsic value .  You can just choose to make the bet or not. And you're doing yourself no favors by attempting to argue that buffet does not know how to make value investments lollll.
@_date: 2019-06-19 00:33:06
To be fair, we have this already. You can hand someone cash if you want for no fee. 
Bitcoin just brings down digital transaction cost  and processing time.
@_date: 2019-06-07 13:43:44
He's pretty clear about the difference between his reluctance to invest in tech due to a lack of familiarity, and his opinion on investing in things like gold (or Bitcoin)
@_date: 2019-06-07 16:00:15
I don't think that his actual intention, do you?
Also what are you even trying to say - that buffet doesn't know what he is doing and has poor investment strategy in your opinion ?
@_date: 2019-10-17 01:36:35
What can you do with fiat currency in your account , well because that too has no intrinsic value the answer is obviously nothing. 
Gold on the other hand has intrinsic value. Outside of trading it in financial world, there are properties of gold which you can make it useful. 
Now you're telling me you can use your bitcoins for buying things - but I'm asking you what you can do with the bitcoins you hold outside of that. That's the simple question. That is intrinsic value.
@_date: 2019-06-01 02:20:36
There's a difference between "preferring" it and merely indicating that there happens to be less transactions fees when they could care less how you pay since they build fees in to their price anyway
@_date: 2019-12-03 20:14:25




@_date: 2019-12-24 18:22:33
Yes, real world utility is a basis for all goods. 
And that's not how value works at all, nor is it how markets work. It's worth exactly what the market will bare. That is to say that it's worth what tech companies , satellite companies, jewelery buyers are willing to pay. Their willingness to pay for this gold utility is what sets it's price.  
Fiat cash, on the other hand (e g. USD) has no utility outside of it's use as a currency - for trades and transactions. There is no other basis for it's value (i.e. there is no gold standard anymore).
@_date: 2019-06-01 02:22:05
Sorry are you trying to say cash? As in fiat currency?
I'm genuinely confused
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:32:10
Well it's value comes from the fact that people think it's a currency or will be a currency. 
If that's not the case then we have a balloon of speculative value based on nothing, just waiting to pop.
@_date: 2019-12-25 00:18:35
Please show us your source ror article saying all this gold is being hoarded and is going unconsidered in experts pricing models. 
The market sets the price for gold. 
Gold bug? Sorry I don't know what conspiracy theory you're referring so, but I don't buy it. If you want to make this claim, just show us a source. 
Once again, the market sets gold's price. People pay what it's worth.
Regardless of gold's value - Bitcoin has no intrinsic value. It's like fiat cash, not gold. It has absolutely *zero use* outside of it's use for trades and transactions.
@_date: 2019-12-02 15:20:37
For ?
@_date: 2019-12-02 18:23:08
I feel like these are just regular diamond / gold jewelry. Perception is reality and that's all that people see - the diamonds and gold, which you'd have to still pay for. 
Would you try to show off a rubber and plastic $17 million dollar "Bitcoin watch"?  Probably not. 
The Bitcoin aspect isn't really part of the jewelry at all it seems.
@_date: 2019-12-07 18:07:28
Are you saying that you think your wife and is mentally challenged?
@_date: 2019-12-03 18:55:17
Keep trying and you'll get that joke right one day! lmao 
Wow did I hurt you that badly that you have to ignore all the points I made and just try to run away like a scared little girl in this embarrassing fashion?
@_date: 2019-12-02 21:35:07
lmao sorry I'm too young for that
I understand you're frustrated because I probably made you feel stupid that you bought in to this crap meant for people who really don't understand cryptocurrencies. Did you really not realize it's still made out of gold diamonds, and not bitcoin in any sense? Maybe try to learn a bit more about bitcoin mr. "guru" lol.
@_date: 2019-12-24 19:40:45
No, I believe you're* the one that is confused.
It's not that the supply exceeds the demand. It's the price that drops as demand drops. Either way the price is defined by peoples willingness to pay for it. That's what price is. When people buy jewelry less, the price of gold and jewelery drops. 
Bitcoin is not like that in any sense whatsoever. Bitcoin is like fiat cash currency, where it's only use is for trades and transactions and it has no utility outside of that. Gold is completely different in that it has utility and demand outside of it just using it as a currency to make transactions. It's that straightforward really.
@_date: 2019-12-03 21:38:05
Dude, we get it, you really want to buy the gold watch in this post, because it's made out of gold - and you don't understand bitcoin. 
How much more do you need to keep proving this to everyone?
I never even said anyone should buy gold lol.
@_date: 2019-06-12 12:30:11
The existence of Bitcoin as a currency depends on people increasingly using it as a currency. There's little evidence of that so far.
Right now it seems like there's been little to no growth in that area. Most people appear to just be holding it as a speculative investment, and waiting to sell it off in the currency they actually want to use on goods and service our purchases. There may be a few of who actually spend it on purchasing goods or services, but the number seems very small and not growing much at all. That's a problem for Bitcoin, where it's value is dependant on the idea of it being a currency and not just a speculative investment with no intrinsic value at all.  Most retailers that accept Bitcoin appear to be doing so for marketing reasons and not because many are / anyone is actually spending their Bitcoin there.
@_date: 2019-12-13 13:50:12
If. That's the current problem being overlooked : a lag or lack of spending activity. It's all speculative investment and little pickup in terms of use as a currency to buy things.
@_date: 2019-12-24 15:55:40
This article ignores some very basic realities.
If we want bitcoin too succeed we need to be honest about where the gaps are. Delusion is not going to help.
In order for bitcoin to succeed it needs to now become a viable currency. We need to see people using it as a currency. So far, we've seen many retailers (for example) announce that they accept Bitcoin. Great. What we haven't seen is customers actually making use of that. We haven't seen articles talking about a retailers growth in Bitcoin based sales. 
Everyone is buying and holding to sell off in ot their actual preferred currency. Few to no people at all want to spend their bitcoin frivolously on day to day goods, as they are willing to do so with USD etc. 
This is a problem. We need to see this growth in Bitcoin being used as a currency to buy goods and services, as it was promised to have done by now. 
Furthermore, the lack of a central regulatory authority means it's psychologically dependant. So in this current situation, where everyone is just holding Bitcoin as a speculative investment rather than using it as a currency at all, it simply takes an article or two saying some Bitcoin millionaire is selling off all holdings to  spark a potential panic and sell off. There's little holding it in place - no intrinsic value, no regulatory body, little to no activity as a currency.
@_date: 2019-12-03 18:23:33
Who said I wanted gold over bitcoin? I see you can't read or write English, old man.
You just said you wanted this gold watch, remember? You thought it was made out of bitcoin - you actually fell for this gimmick meant that is only meant for idiots that don't understand bitcoin or technology lol
Your weak attempt at trying to make boomer joke is incredibly cringey. 
Keep embarrassing yourself! This is hilarious "crypto guru" - tell us more about how buying this gold watch is not buying gold? hahaha
@_date: 2019-04-24 17:42:01
I wasn't commenting on your looks or how well 'you do', just to be clear! lol
  
It seemed like you were responding to a comment about the way someone appears in terms of style and the way they dress etc, and it sounded like you were saying that you didn't think there was anything you could do about that. So I was just offering one of many possible ways you can show off the looks you do have. That's all I meant! If you have already figured out what you like and what works for you that's even better.
My apologies for any miscommunication!
@_date: 2019-12-25 01:19:56
Sorry that doesn't say anything like what you have claimed though?
Where is literally anyone else saying gold's value is set to drop based on these holdings etc ? Or this 10% thing that also made little sense?
@_date: 2019-12-24 17:24:28
Gold is not alleged to be a currency alone, or at all anymore really. The source of gold's value is backed by it's real world utility (jewelry, electronics, etc). 
Bitcoin's alleged primary utility and basis of itss value is the claim that it is or will be a useful currency. Bitcoin has no utility at all outside of it's use as currency. So if it's not a currency then there is a problem because then you have people holding something that isn't actually good for anything at all.
@_date: 2018-06-13 14:13:37
Use USD? Convert? USD is a lot easier to use than bitcoin and is much more widely accepted. 
I already own bitcoin. Like most, I hold it like an equity investment for the capital gains. I don't spend it on coffee - not that I can, but even if I could. The reason most hold bitcoin is for the investment/potential gains, and when they feel bitcoin is "high" enough they cash out. I've rarely ever heard of anyone using it like a currency for everyday purchases.
@_date: 2019-06-07 13:42:38
I don't think this even registers as an issue for him in his decision making 
It's quite clear what he thinks about Bitcoin. It's also pretty clear that he just doesn't like the idea of investing in things that aren't "working" (companies over gold)
@_date: 2019-12-24 21:39:10


Exactly, which is why that's is what I said lol.
The price of gold is set this way. 
Do you have a link/source for their claim about some alleged "hoard" of gold that the experts are somehow missing in their pricing models?
@_date: 2019-12-03 16:33:35


Is English your first language? Serious question. 
No idea what you're blabbering about lmao.


Well you aren't high tech lol - you didn't even understand that this watch isn't made out of bitcoin it's still just made out of gold/diamonds (you literally fell for a gimmick meant for idiots that don't have a clue when it comes to tech or bitcoin) - so what are you? A prepubescent child? Maybe that's why you can barely speak English...
What you actually said:


You thought printing a code on a gold watch makes it not gold and somehow high tech?! Seriously, how dumb do you have to be to fall for this "bitcoin" watch or to actually think that it's made out of bitcoin? "Crypto guru" lmaooo, and you actually fell for it! Aahaha how clueless an you be?
@_date: 2019-04-25 14:23:16
Great question. Many signs go up staying a business accepts Bitcoin, but it's largely empty marketing. 
Few actually spend Bitcoin. Most don't think of it as a currency and instead think of it as a speculative investment to hold on to.
@_date: 2019-04-23 14:53:27
Yes, genuinely trying to be helpful and provide suggestions is totally bullying. You're not being over-dramatic at all.
A difference is just a difference - it doesn't have to be to anyone and it doesn't have to be positive or negative. In this case it just means the notion that "there's nothing you can do" is false.
@_date: 2019-12-25 04:39:14
Who is holding such that it's in this alleged precarious situation? Do you have any evidence of that at all?
Can you find even one reputable source that makes these arguments that you do?
Also, what is your greater point? Bitcoin has no intrinsic value to fall back in. Even if you think gold's is smaller than people think, it still has some utility in the real world, which is what makes it fundamentally different.
@_date: 2019-04-23 12:29:58
You could just go for a normie short cut, stubble length beard,and lose the glasses. 
Would make a big difference.
edit: To clarify - I'm not saying you even need to do this. I'm just trying to provide suggestions in case you are looking for a change and don't think it's possible. Sometimes people don't realize that small things can make a big difference.
@_date: 2019-04-23 18:12:26
I'm not trying to change face. 
Why is everything so over dramatic for you?
I took what he said as what some people think, that they cannot do anything about who they are, and tried to be helpful.
You can play whatever games in your head that you want to pretend that was bullying, even after clarified, for whatever reason. 
And I didn't backtrack. I heard your concern and edited the comment, which says the same thing still, to be clearer so as not to cause undue offense. Shouldn't you be happy? Or is this all just  about winning some manufactured argument for you?
@_date: 2018-03-17 15:08:09
Send this to people that are curious about what block chain mining is
@_date: 2016-09-01 16:09:39
Nobody claims anything doesn't exist in the face of reasonable evidence. People say they don't think it's not plausible or extremely unlikely in their opinion. No one said 'a study we conducted concludes that this does not exist'
This sort of "close mindedness"  is not rampant because of those two examples. There's far more losses for the holistic solution area if you were to objectively evaluate the solutions they push and that have come and gone. 
The problem is you that can't just accept a host of holistic solutions with little to no use able evidence, especially when weve found that many holistic solutions don't actually work (or do damage) yet are still in practice. Yes, there's some things that may work, but we study them first before stating we know something that we don't. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:26:58
You think Bitcoin needs Google ads to succeed? 
@_date: 2016-09-01 12:58:16
I don't agree with the notion that holistic medicine is fast moving and regular medicine is slow and behind. 
Universities study the facts and when they check out we just call it "medicine" rather than a "natural" remedy. In anycase, one area relies on studies and is miles ahead (medicine). 
One field is discovering how to use ultra sound to jump start comatose patients - does that sound like the side thats behind or slHowever, I highly doubt they were trying to ignore the facts and had to be taught by holistic medicine. It's more like they actually went and proved what was just an idea among the sea of ideas that don't work in holistic medicine. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 14:36:29
"much" lmao
how does she spend any of it? 
@_date: 2018-07-28 13:59:06
It's just a bit of clever marketing. 
Everyone knows that no one really spends their Bitcoin right now.  Most just hold it as an investment for the potential gains. 
Most of these retailers with "we accept Bitcoin" signs probably have never seen one transaction, are likely just have the sign for marketing purposes, and many might not even be capable of accepting Bitcoin in reality. 
@_date: 2017-10-08 14:34:57
How does she spend "pocket money in crypto" as a 6 year old? I am pretty sure I didn't have any  pocket money at 6. 
@_date: 2018-07-16 17:15:54
That's semantics, and that sort of speculation is considered an investment strategy. 






Anything you buy hoping the gains it delivers will be relatively higher is an investment.
People invest in forex markets all the time (fiat currency, with no intrinsic value). 
@_date: 2018-07-28 13:06:12
Sorry that doesn't make much sense.
The fact that there is an exchange rate to USD, for example, is what "connects it" to fiat currencies. ETFs don.t change that. And you can't tell people not to invest in Bitcoin by whatever method they choose anymore then you can tell people not to invest in the Canadian dollar!
What you're also suggesting is that there is so wrong wrong with investors - so everyone should just be spending and those that hold it are wrong? Also why are you holding Bitcoin - because it's value is rising relative to USD???
@_date: 2018-07-16 16:11:37
Well they're holding out for even higher values - it's called enthusiasm (or greed). 
You're out to lunch if you don't think people are holding out for the gains in value - aka investment. They absolutely care about making money. That's what everyone of their strategies and conversations is about. That's exactly what everyone is doing. 
Everyone just wants to make money off the ride. 
@_date: 2018-07-28 13:58:26
As I said elsewhere in the comments for this post:
It's just a bit of clever marketing.
Everyone knows that no one really spends their Bitcoin right now.  Most just hold it as an investment for the potential gains. 
Most of these retailers with "we accept Bitcoin" signs probably have never seen one transaction, are likely just have the sign for marketing purposes, and many might not even be capable of accepting Bitcoin in reality. 
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:01:42
Gold is an element and commodity, which has had clear utility in society for a very long time (elemental properties for industrial use, jewellery, etc.) - it has clear intrinsic value. 


What other form of value is there? Either we demand it or we do not. The entire earth has no other value than that which society places on it. 


"**Most modern paper currencies are fiat currencies;** ***they have no intrinsic value*** and are used solely as a means of payment. Historically, governments would mint coins out of a physical commodity, such as gold or silver, or would print paper money that could be redeemed for a set amount of physical commodity."
Source: 
Bitcoin, in my opinion, is digital fiat. It's powered by our faith in it as a currency alone. It has no other utility and no intrinsic value. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 17:51:11
Fair enough! Thanks for the kind replies and for the conversation.
As a final point I would just add that it's not that I view bitcoin as just an investment, rather this is my way of managing all of my money - by considering my options, risks, and opportunities as well as I can. 
@_date: 2017-05-26 17:25:25
That's not what I was saying. And frankly the mechanism have nothing to do with your own motivations and management of your money. 
You should absolutely should view it as a mistake if you used it while you both didn't have to and also strongly believed it will continue to gain. Forget stocks, this is true for *any* currency.
Kind of like trading a stash of gold nuggets for goods when you have cash in your pocket.  Trade the gold if you think gold is going to go down, and/or your currency (ability to buy gold) is going up in the future. 
To make it clearer, should you cash in your silver or gold stockpile for goods that you need? How do you decide? Does the fact that you believe silver is quickly rising in value while gold isn't play in to it? Of course, this is just doing your homework before you make uninformed decisions.
It makes no sense to not think things through and do the opposite under the false pretenses that you're somehow responsible for keeping this technology active. 
The people who need to use the Bitcoin for purchasing will. Same goes for people who feel the risk of going down is too much for them. Others will continue to hold the currency.  It's really not on you to incur opportunity costs that you didn't have to. Everyone should think through their spending options. That's my opinion anyway.  
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:50:39
That's not true, Bitcoin is actively being used regardless at this point. 
Nobody should be losing their investment under the false pretenses that it is their responsibility to stay active. And everyone should consider opportunity cost on any investment - you're spending more than the current value of bitcoin. 
This is true for any investment including stocks and foreign exchange. 
It's a personal matter of needs and resources. Do you feel better spending one currency over another given current market conditions? More specifically, given the likelihood of potential gains vs. risk consideration? That's all that matters. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 16:00:06
Not with that attitude.
Smoke enough passports and I guarantee you'll eventually pass out at the very least.
@_date: 2019-05-24 13:49:25
Why do people pretend that many people spends bitcoins like currency? Almost no one does and you can check the tags. 
"We accept Bitcoin" is a marketing gimmick. It doesn't mean a great number of people are actually doing that much. 
Almost every single person I know is holding it like a speculative investment, and wouldn't throw it away for coffee etc randomly. They will wait , convert to fiat cash, and then spend that. 
There's always the one-off guy who bought a pizza with Bitcoin - it's always a story because it's so rare.
@_date: 2017-05-26 13:40:53
That's kind if like saying Google stock would lose value if you couldn't sell it. Well the reality is that you *can* sell it, and what you personally choose to do doesn't change anything about that fact. It doesn't have any baring whatsoever on when you should be selling. 
The important thing to any individual investor is the opportunity cost of cashing out (including the risk of staying in) on investment. That should always be considered. Not considering that is simply foolish - you would be spending your money in much larger quantity than you think you are (as you lost the potential gains). This is as true for stocks as it is for a foreign exchange investment, or any other investment. 
It's not greedy - it's responsible and logical management of currency/investment.
Nobody transfers their holdings in a foreign currency to domestic, for example, when market timing is bad or when they have reasonable expectations of further gains - unless they really *have* to. 
@_date: 2019-05-24 19:49:54
Just read what I said. I'm not bemoaning anyone lmao. Who says I'm holding? It's like you didn't like what I said and then just pretended it was something else that you could criticize more easily.
I'm saying - based on my review, and in my opinion, the number of people like you (actually using bitcoin to purchase things) is low and more has not grown much. That is a problem, again, in my opinion.
@_date: 2019-05-24 14:53:30
Nothing. That's how regular cash works - we spend it and earn it. It's just that very few people are operating that way with respect to bitcoin, and it doesn't seem like that's even changing/increasing. 
The reality is people's behaviour has remained largely the same - they treat it like a speculative investment, not a currency to make use of for purchasing goods/services.
So every store can say they accept bitcoins to grab some catch some attention, however it doesn't mean they are making more and more money via bitcoin purchases - or any at all.
@_date: 2019-05-24 14:10:06
I understand the feel good stories, but they sound like one-offs. Even those people often aren't willing to use up their bitcoin by using it consistently as currency for everyday purchases (coffee, lunch, etc)
Time will tell but for now, the idea that bitcoin is being spent as a currency hasn't changed much at all. A few stores use signs saying they accept bitcoin as marketing, but the lack of actual spending hasn't changed much. 
The reality is that almost everyone is looking at it largely as a speculative investment - buy in low, and sell it all off for the currency you actually want when bitcoin prices go high enough.
There has been time and this situation doesn't seem to be changing. It's very hard to project growth in bitcoins utilization as a currency. If it's not a currency it's just an idea we all give precarious value to through speculation.
@_date: 2019-05-24 16:30:31
This is the problem - in order for that day to come, you need much more use of bitcoin as a currency. So far what we've seen is that use as a currency doesn't appear to be growing, regardless of adoption by retailers etc. That would have to somehow change.   
Because most people bought bitcoin as an investment, they are hoping for gains and don't want to use it as a currency. This would have to change somehow, to cause the growth in its utility as a currency, and then you might have employers and employees that go for bitcoin salaries etc.
@_date: 2016-05-10 13:02:20
No, that's not what they meant because that's irrelevant.
The implicit underlying concern/question is - is Bitcoin similar enough that it could end up like the Liberty Reserve? 