@_author: soulofginger
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:38:54
Well, we had specialized software that you aren't going to find on the shelves, but AFAIK, the last government exclusive chip maker is cyrex, and they aren't making anything mind blowing. I think too many people are influenced by the common movie/tv trope that the government has some Enemy of The State level capabilities, and to anyone who has worked for them, that's just laughable.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:19:36
It's not that its "incredible" or "decades ahead", it's simply written for a purpose, and illegal to use.
@_date: 2017-03-07 20:23:35
I worked there the last two years of my enlistment, what I saw there stopped me from reenlisting. They try to keep you mission focused and compartmentalized, but when shit stinks that bad, they can't hide it from you forever.
@_date: 2017-03-07 18:09:24
Not sure where this rumor started, but no, private sector tech and government tech are on par with each other. I was a crypto linguist and spent some time at Ft Meade MD, primarily working with the NSA while I was enlisted. I won't go into detail, but we didn't have any super tech decades ahead of consumer tech, we barely had consumer tech.
@_date: 2017-03-08 00:19:16
Nothing you wouldn't expect. I worked on translating and transcribing intercepted and confiscated intelligence. The intel community is highly compartmentalized, and there is little I am comfortable divulging, as the NDA's were quite robust. I can say I had a TSCIC, a NSA net clearance and one roof server access and none of the systems I worked with seemed beyond current consumer tech. Our intercept capabilities are what I'd call feast or famine, we mostly relied on people fucking up (not understanding our intercept abilities) and carelessness (non secure voice communication) or just literally leaving video/text/voice laying that we gather during field ops. I will readily admit that due to compartmentalization I often had no idea the source of what I was analyzing, so it is plausible that some of our intercept capabilities were greater than I had knowledge of. 
Edit: Keep in mind, I ETS'd 8 years ago, a lot has probably changed.