@_author: soulrolling
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:57:42
site owners and dealers are two different things..  the is why SR was special, since it lasted long and nothing was busted like it before it there wasn't this nervous grab the money and run itchyness that will be everywhere now..   
next level will have to be non-centralized, multi-signed escrow w/ ratings which is like how bit torrent followed napster
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:52:34
thats because the west powerhouses aren't in control and he stays in power from giving gifts to the small countries to win enough votes.   western politics are a bribefest too but that is controlled under their wings so its allowed...   everything is a racket
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:11:01
yep it is sad that so many people dont see that difference..  the media does the same when they hate certain leaders of countries that are only protecting themselves (he kills his own people!)  
drive on the white house lawn and see if this country doesnt kill its own people as well..  
the groupthink is overbearing in this country..  social media aint what the internet used to be
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:34:19
SR scared the hell out of TPTB since Ross was a benevolent kingpin of sorts.. not the kind you can easily mark as a profit grubbing dealer but a throw back to the hippie days which really tosses government on its sides.. SR lasted a LONG time without it being eaten from within despite all the infiltration and fed flipping of dealers going rat..
the prosecution gamed the system since they outclassed the defense by leaps and bounds.. fed money vs a middle class civilian lawyer.  Why was the stuff on the paid for hire hits allowed to get into the jury's heads but the defense wasn't allowed to address it?  that is tainting but in a way that the courts will allow..  
there is a difference from you saying how the prosecution was allowed to get away with doing certain things as not being totally wrong, and what this guy was saying as dirty and gagging the defense.  kinda like 'it aint cheating if you get away with it'
this was a theater case to show power to the system. the prosecution even goes on and on to 'make an example' out of him.  it comes down to freedom and control waayyyy more than someone selling drugs..    it's money not going through the tax system, etc etc.. the war on drugs going on forever unquestioned is the real crime  
@_date: 2015-05-30 01:01:37
logic and facts escape you
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:55:05
PA had push from both local dems and repubs to get rid of property taxes and replace that funding with small increase in sales and income taxes..  both sides agreed and it got knocked down by some invisible hand..  can't be having a state where you dont fear to lose your home can we..
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:17:45
yes the defense was a trainwreck..  i think alex winter's docu this weekend on epix shows that part as well..   
I know Ross was under a ton of emotional stress and really wanted to get out for his mom but once you know they have you and aint letting go, he really should of took his stage to speak on what he truly believed..  i mean 6 users died from getting stuff off of SR and those 6 wouldn't of gotten drugs anywhere else?  They were probably those terrible RC's that the War of Drugs forces makers to  try different stuff to get around making the stuff that is illegal...  so you can say the war on drugs has a part of all deaths due to bath salts and nBoms etc....