@_author: soup10
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:04:56
I believed the most satisfying definition of bitcoin is that it's a collectable asset like stamps or baseball cards.   It's not exactly a ponzi scheme, though it is highly susceptible to speculation and it does disproportionally benefit early adopters(far more so than normal collectables).  And it's not exactly a currency, though you can make transactions with it(most people horde them though).
@_date: 2014-03-03 11:09:39
If it's not transaction malleability, them I'm willing to bet they just got good old fashioned hacked, and the hackers were either able to cover their tracks somehow, or MtGox just had too much money and not enough accounting going on.  
Inside job/help with the hack is certainly a possibility by staff, but doubtful for the CEO and stakeholders.  Mtgox stakeholders were minting money and only growing larger, no real reason to sabotage their operation to cashout.  If they wanted to liquidate they could have easily sold the company for a large amount of money to another buyer.
Either way this is gross negligence. Although unsurprising, i've always been unimpressed with the professionalism of mtgox(and other exchanges), and the lack of understanding of what a monumental and serious task it is to secure an exchange with large amounts of money flowing through it.
@_date: 2017-05-11 23:53:04
Volatile stocks are nothing new. Bitcoin is equivalent to an IPO of a tech company that doesn't have a proven business model yet.  It's not a commodity because the technology is experimental.  What happens to the store of value if there's a blockchain split? How does the network hold up to a significant adversarial network threat(e.g. a government that sees it as a threat to their own currency)? What happens if miners leave en masse to a more profitable coin?  How do we know there aren't silent entities quietly collecting wallet credentials?  There's lots of questions that don't have clear answers(and lots of problems that have popped up already) but you won't hear them from people financially invested in the success of the network.
@_date: 2017-05-15 06:52:17
bitcoin assumes your private key is completely secret, this is the biggest weakness of the system IMO
@_date: 2017-05-12 04:31:21
It's just general advice for securing any valuable data.  Exposing it to the internet makes it more likely to be copied, so it makes sense to limit exposure.