@_author: soups_coinbase
@_date: 2016-12-29 07:14:57
Did you check with your friend if they had sufficient funds in their bank account to complete the purchase? Most likely thats the reason, the purchase didn't complete. 
@_date: 2016-12-29 07:30:01
Most likely your friend didn't have sufficient funds in his bank account to complete the purchase (if using ACH) or the card issuer denied the charge due to their fraud algorithms being tripped (outside our control). Your friend's purchase being canceled has likely nothing to do with our fraud program. However, if you / your friend think its a mistake, please reach out to support+reddit from your friend's coinbase associated email address and we'd be happy to take a look. 
To other commenters on this thread: FWIW, our fraud program is entirely automated and machine-learning driven and price rallies are inconsequential. The conspiracy theories reg. canceled purchases during price rallies are just cognitive bias.
@_date: 2016-12-29 06:43:27
Rep from Coinbase here. We require ID verification and in some cases via Face-match for preventing fraud perpetrated via ID theft. If you can please email us at support+reddit (pls request for your query to be directed to Soups), we can take a look at why your ID is not being accepted. Thanks
@_date: 2016-12-24 05:59:41
Soups from Coinbase here. This shouldn't be happening (sms being used when you use Gauth). Please DM me and we can help you walk through the process. When you enable GAuth on Coinbase, we disable SMS-2FA and Authy tokens. We provide our users the choice of either maximum security (hence Gauth) or flexibility eg being able to use 2fa tokens from a new device (hence Authy). Gauth is more secure as it is not tied to your phone number and is safe from phone number porting attacks or from your email being compromised. Hope this helps. Thanks
@_date: 2017-11-15 07:19:33
I work at Coinbase and helped build the account recovery process. We have heard of reports like yours on Safari 11 browsers and are working on a fix. Can you try on a different browser. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 22:43:35
Coinbase employee here. That is a legitimate email from Coinbase. However, as always, be careful of phishers who try to time their emails around the same time as ours. Before clicking any links in any email, please be sure to double check that they go to:  domain.
@_date: 2016-12-29 06:50:03
It is because of banking holidays for majority of this week. Typically, ACH payments to/from your bank account can take anywhere from 2-5 business days because of the way the legacy payment rail of ACH is implemented. However, if still don't see the deposit in your bank account in a few more days, please email us at support+reddit from an email associated with your coinbase account and we'd be happy to assist you. Thanks
@_date: 2017-06-03 19:24:09
Coinbase employee here. When connecting your authenticator app with Coinbase, we recommend you to write down the secret key and keep it somewhere safe eg write on a piece of paper or if you do store it online, keep it in a different location/service than your password vault (so there are still two different factors). On losing your primary device, you can easily reconnect any Authenticator app with Coinbase again by providing this secret key. In case you lose that secret key, then you have to write to our customer support and we will disable Authenticator after 48-72 hrs after establishing whether you are true owner of the account. Account recovery involves providing a valid ID along with a picture of yourself via a webcam. During the 48-72 hr period, we also email and sms true account owner to confirm if this recovery was indeed started by you instead of an attacker. Note that this account recovery is for your own  protection. Also we are very aware that this is a manual process and have been working on automating this for the past months. Expect to see an automated process for this in a couple of weeks. 