@_author: sourceofvitaminc
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:18:09
I'm happy to pay taxes on the gains (though I'll need help with the numbers since I've been collecting these BTC for 2 years now).  Just to see if they are interested, how does one contact coinbase or barry silbert or pantera directly (or just call using their ph# on their webpage?) and does it mean it's better than selling 50k per day on coinbase?
@_date: 2014-08-20 05:43:17
I've been doing BTC trades for 2 years in KTM informally and the volumes have been surprisingly large and you will do well.  Nepal has the perfect storm of people sending large remittances in and and capital controls preventing people living in Nepal from sending money out.  The great thing about bitcoin is you don't need anyone's approval to get started.  Start small and find a few NRNs who need to send money to Nepal send the BTC instead to their family.  Coordinate with them so their family can then sell the BTC for NPR to you.  Contact me if you need help converting BTC to NPR in Kathmandu -- regardless of what others have said in the other posts there is a big demand for BTC from people in KTM, many of them with deep pockets, so don't worry.
If you become big and get attention you will need to register a company, follow Nepali foreign currency regulations, and pay taxes.  But cross that bridge when you come to it.  Hopefully by then, and perhaps because of people like us, there is enough awareness/buyers/sellers and you've become redundant so there's no need for your company since neither the sender nor the receiver need you anymore.
Regarding electricity all internet providers are functional during power outages.  Get a battery/inverter for your router and computer and you'll never be offline.  Worldlink will bring an ethernet cable to your room so just plug that into your laptop and you won't need an inverter.  If you don't want an inverter and also dislike cables get a NCell hotspot or stick a NCell sim into a chromebook.
@_date: 2014-09-11 13:12:59
They'e not stolen.  I've been collecting as much as I can over 2 years, both through coinbase and when I travel.  Now I'm a little short on funds to close on a house and am thinking of selling them so we don't lose it.  I haven't paid taxes on gains but I haven't sold the BTC yet either.  So, no they are not hot.
@_date: 2014-09-11 20:36:32
@_date: 2014-09-11 05:19:34
i have no idea what this means.  can someone elaborate?  coinbase is a US exchange?