@_author: southeasterncomfort
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:15:39
The truth is, most Americans I know will desperately come up with any excuse that lets them not have to follow politics. I mean the system being rigged means we need to try _harder_ if anything, but most of the people I know just go "well it's like we're gonna make a difference, so why even try?". And then when the other guys win because _they_ actually tried, we go "see, I told you it makes no difference! I don't know why you even bother!" and then even fewer people bother in the future. It's a cycle that feeds itself, run on apathy and distraction, but hey maybe bitcoin is gonna save us all.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:24:33
Lol man this is exciting. Maybe I only feel that because I don't have a lot of money in the market right now. The little I do have, though, I'm gonna hold for the long term. I don't know if trying to make money actively managing bitcoin trades is a good idea for the average person. Start gathering you extra money now if you're looking to buy, though. It's probably gonna keep dropping considering this current drop is simply in ANTICIPATION of the short-selling-linked drop that's predicted. Don't forget that speculation can go both ways, it's not all good news.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:18:15
The truth is, most Americans I know will desperately come up with any excuse that lets them off from having to follow/engage in politics. I mean the system being rigged means we need to try _harder_ if anything, but most of the people I know just go "well it's not like we're gonna make a difference, so why even try?". And then when the other guys win because _they_ tried their butts off, we go "see, I told you it makes no difference! I don't know why anyone even bothers!". And then even _fewer_ people bother in the future. It's a cycle that feeds itself, run on apathy and distraction, but hey maybe bitcoin is gonna save us all or something
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:01:08
An MD? Damn. In reality, that's the best investment. Guaranteed returns for the rest of your life, on the scale of hundreds of thousands to millions. Bitcoins are neat esp for the few millionaires but I'm envious.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:12:46
Nope, no one ever bothers to show up for elections they just say it doesn't make any difference(and surprise, skipping the vote means _they_ don't make any difference). And then when we get screwed over, we post online telling others to send letters to their congressmen hoping the slacktivism will eventually lead to a lazy revolution or something. As an American, everyone I know will excuse themselves out of bothering to even follow politics and then complain about how the people who spend all their time trying to game the system are winning. And some people really are too busy working three jobs to feed their kids.. but most people are just apathetic.