@_author: southy_
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:56:32
I understand - but given you have the machines running anyway...?
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:36:34
First off I was just saying that my observation is that most of the rants here are not based upon knowledge but upon mere feelings towards fiat money. This might be because people feel they can't trust governments for whatever reason, or they think that because banks have betrayed people, the monetary system is bad or whatever.
But their arguments do very often seem to be a bit under-complex.
This is merely an observation of mine that does not yet imply that fiat is or is not bad.
However, coming to my personal opinion, I indeed _do_ think that it is not that bad.
First off, I am very careful if some guys that are not even dry behind their ears tell me a system that has worked for billions of people for many years is broken. Many intelligent men have created the rules of our currenty economy, many have improved it over time. Of course it has flaws, like anything on earth, but in general it appears to be working remarkably well in my eyes.
Secondly, we do live in a world of specialisation: I don't grow my own food, I don't harvest my own cotton and I don't even make the gas for my car myself. We do interdepend on lots of others, our society is complex and so we are glad to have some "standard tool for good exchange" - money.
And as we depend on so many that we can't create ourselves, our live is essentially based on trust: I need to trust that the grocery store or the wheat farmer doesn't want to poison me or I'll have to do so many food tests that I won't have a life left to live.
Of course there is checks: as with food security, there's always the danger that something goes wrong - and that's why we have control mechanisms. There's the food control system (I don't know how that works where you life, but in my country we have complex mechanisms that check that the people do not get poisoned by bad-doers). And these control mechanisms are set up by the government, which is essentially... us. (At least in democratic countries).
So via elections, laws and regulations, we ourselves control our environment - "checks and balances".
So in the end it's a matter of trust, and contrary to many here I do _not_ think that the requirement of trust is a bad thing: Any kind of society can only work if there is trust there.
Sometimes there _is_ the need for regulation. And it is a good thing that we have central banks with highly specialised people that understand a lot more than me and that try their best to come to the rescue in that cases.
And might I say that we (speaking of my german point of view) can consider ourselves lucky to have had a good and well working central bank (Bundesbank): it has certainly been one of the preconditions for the rise of the german economy since the 2nd world war (obviously due to the EU now, things have become more complicated, but not generally different).
Bitcoin on the other hand, is designed specifically to not require trust and not to allow regulation. This is in my eyes a concept that is not suitable for the scale of economies and countries. Who can jump in if there are urgent measures need to be taken? 
As I'm german, let me specifically refer to the crash of the HRE shortly after Lehmann: german banks (to a small part) and the state (=us / to a large part) bailed out HRE and avoided a catastrohic chain reaction of loss of trust. Now there's a lot that went wrong there which led to most of the risk being taken over by the public; but that's not the fault of the system but rather of not well prepared politicians that where surprised and negotiated badly. 
On the other hand: if the system hadn't allowed for such a bailout at all; there would have been nothing to stop the crash. So even it came at a high price, it may have been better than the alternative.
To sum it up:
Economy if just like anything else in a society: it is based upon trust. 
To construct a system that works without, will never comply with human nature and the complexity of things that can go wrong.
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:42:03
Sorry I don't want to be rude, but it's a little more complicated than that. 
You could start off by reading this:
If you want to really understand how this works, you should start studying it (which is why in my opinion most rants about fiat money systems here are bullsh&amp;%$: people don't understand what they write.)
@_date: 2014-02-21 20:03:59
...and what would yould you best mine today (if you have CPU available)?
Or is there a multipool thats useful for CPU mining?
@_date: 2014-02-26 14:01:10
Which brings me to the question I was asking myself yesterday:
How can you buy shares of neo &amp; bee?
My bank doesn't show them, they don't seem to be traded here in germany. How can I invest there?
@_date: 2014-02-22 11:40:50
Thanks for the answer.
That is why I was asking for CPU-minable coins as LTC; not for BTC. 
I did set a dedi' server's CUP onto LTE some months ago.
However, given that the complexity also of LTE will have increased, it might just be that there is really NO sort of coin at all that can be mined properly with standard equipment.
But that was what my question was about. What about Dodge or all the others.
But if it ain't possible, than it ain't.
Thanks anyway.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:51:09
How has it ever been a good idea to spread weapons - or any steps in that direction like construction drawings?!
In my society the posession of a gun is a crime - which is why nobody has one or can easily get one.
Which is one of the reasons I do walk around alone a night in town without any fear. 
I just looked it up and couldn't believe my eyes:
Did you guys really have 11.500 gunshot deaths in 2013 in the US?!
That's almost 4 times the traffic victims we have in germany - while having about 40% of you population.
Wow. That's so MUCH worse than I expected. 
With all due respect for a different culture, I'm lacking words.
I'm just glad I don't live there and I can walk around and know that there's at least no gun thread here.
Just one last thing you might want to consider:
In the end it's your US guys very own decision if you want to have gunfights in your streets or not and if you want to have guns in private hands or not. It's your problem, you have to live with it, I know where I wouldn't want to live but that's my problem, not yours.
But I am pretty sure that there's not so many other countries in the world where a significant number of people aggree with your views.
But by publishing construction plans in the internet, they are published for the whole world to see. Thus you influence also everyone else by making it easier for people here as well to get their hands on guns. And as I said: I am pretty sure that only a VERY small number of people outside the US like that. 
You guys are only 200mio people out of 7bio. How can you enforce your point of view on the rest of us?
@_date: 2014-02-27 10:32:22
Very nice explanation of some basic concepts like inflation in this text.
However the conclusions that cryptocurrencys are a good thing is strange: How can you acknowledge the benefits of inflation on the one hand (money is being invested instead of saved and thus generates value for the society) 
and then - on the other hand - praise crypto for eliminating inflation?
That doesn't make sense.
In fact it's even worse: Bitcoin does even by design inflate deflation. 
This text's conclusions do not make sense.
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:08:24
Exactly the same problem here: 
I started a withdrawal of realBTC to my own wallet on the 25th, hours before the daily deadline. CSV backs this.
But yet have not received anything.
I emailed Josh and they replied the transaction would be "pending at CoinBase". That was yesterday.
Since then, nothing has happened.
Is that story credibly? Do I have to worry? 
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:40:33
Thanks for that info.
I'm not out to buy today, but I will monitor and probably eventually...
Good to know where, though. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-02-27 09:58:50
aaaah.... wait a moment:
You do realize that if the Gox bucks were not lost but stolen over a long period of time, then there is a good chance they or parts of them are in circulation now.
That means anyone could have parts of them. Legally traded them in legal deals.
Hey, anyone could have parts of them in their wallets!
If you take that money away from people, you would effectively steal 750k BTC from innocents, just to give the BTC back to people that were dumb enough to trust in a partner that has long since had a bad reputation?
Is that really what you want?
@_date: 2014-02-21 21:32:19
same here - 4 CPUs, only 1-2 are busy anyway.
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:32:15
intersting site. 
I was lookijng at it for a couple of minutes and there was only one transaction in USD and none in any other FIAT currency apart from CNY. Taht can't be right.
So the question is:
How does it work? What is being evaluated here?
@_date: 2014-02-24 17:06:57
you can't get the coins to cold storage because you can't get them out of MtGox currently.
However aside from that, if you want to gamble, then on you go...
BTW: I tried SEPA wiring the other day and was surprised how quick it was (from: german bank / to: Gox = polish bank)
wed: wire transfer ordered / 
thu: my bank called back to confirm (fraud prevention team) / 
fri:  money was on GOX account
@_date: 2014-03-11 10:23:27
LOL :-) 
unbelievable. 
A wreck of a house at the end of the world (even from my european point of view), 100km from the nearest decent airport.
Probably he got it for 1 EEK (local currency) but with the obligation to fulfill preservation orders.
We'll see how that plays out but it might be he missed the small fact that in order to run a congress center, you need visitors. 