@_author: southkona
@_date: 2019-11-03 13:20:42
coffee_feather, I‘ve noted the attitude concerning Au for many, many years.  Minimizing counterparty risk in every transaction is prudent.  Must admit that I haven‘t invested in any cryptos.  Real estate has done well.
@_date: 2019-10-26 16:56:37
Stewbits22, Never have truer words been written. I’ve been trading for over forty years, the degree of market manipulation these days makes profitable trades a near impossibility.
@_date: 2019-10-28 20:09:05
Price discovery has been destroyed by QE.  Stock buy backs have also distorted balance sheets.  Add negative interest rates and the current explosion in Repo lending by the Fed, and the stage is set for a big problem.  I traded options for many, many years. Shorted the hell out of markets.  There is one verity in life, politicians are stupid and they enact policies for expedience and not, in most cases, for the betterment of society.  Despite my age, I still keep an eye on developments and my hand in the game.  “Lots of people“ is not you.  I avoid tech companies and have never regretted it.  One must not follow the herd.  The cheapest advice is often the most expensive.  I bought Au in the late 60s and continued to do so even after Nixon decoupled Au from the USD in August 1971. Note where the price is today.  I talked myself blue in the face attempting to explain to friends and family back in ‘71 what I was convinced was going to happen with the price of Au. Should things go to hell in a hand basket, Au will enjoy an epic run. DL DB‘s Year end report and check out their OTC derivative positions “Positive market values after netting and cash collateral received.“  This should give you a Halloween–worthy fright.  Pardon my English as I am writing you from CH.
@_date: 2019-10-29 05:31:57
Just attempting to give some perspective.  We cannot all invest in the same things.  My areas of concentration have allowed me to forge a very nice life and do what desire at a very early age.  Language shouldn’t be a problem.  Undergrad and grad school in USA.  Just rusty. Specifically, I have not invested in MSFT, IBM or Apple.  Chip makers, yes.  Did you perform a delta of Au between ‘71 to 2011? Have you checked out DB‘s Year–end report?  This is very much present day. I enjoy reading reddit and giving perspective on occasion. Follow the investment path of your choice.  Caution is built with experience. Best of luck from CH.