@_author: soylentbomb
@_date: 2014-08-10 08:28:25
The word you want is '[anomie](
@_date: 2013-05-11 04:28:37
Surely, their persons and personal effects were still enough to negotiate for the food they needed to survive, despite the added requirement of circumventing such an imposition?
@_date: 2013-05-11 03:45:35
[Others have explained this better than I can]( but I'll take a crack at it anyway.
Having a boss versus not having a boss, in an airless and frictionless void, isn't a life or death decision.  In the real world, where economic power exists, resources are subject to scarcity and opportunity cost, and people have physical needs, it's not that simple.  Not everyone is in a position where the means to provide for themselves is readily available, nor is everyone able to tide themselves over long enough to find an arrangement where they can.  Capitalism relies on exactly that to provide the cheap labor that makes it profitable to own what others rely on to work.
You portray bosses as providing a 'service', but that's an oversimplification.  A boss is someone who owns what others rely on for production, and because of that has an economic advantage over their laborers.  The 'service' they provide is secondary to managing their advantageous position, doesn't come at a fair cost to the laborers (if laborers were paid what they're worth, there would be no profit margin), and frequently is not subject to the competitive pressures ancaps point to as a solution to unsatisfactory situations.  
Someone who provides that service without having that advantage is a [management consultant]( not a boss, and the difference between the two often IS a matter of life and death:  when a consultant's service is unsatisfactory and you fire them, they don't take the things you need to make a living with them.
@_date: 2013-05-11 04:20:24


That's called socialism.


I'm saying capitalism is incompatible with anarchism.  Capitalism is not the only possible arrangement of possession or property.
Anarchism can exist.  Capitalism can exist.  Anarchocapitalism cannot.
@_date: 2013-05-10 18:41:39
It does and it doesn't.  Here's the thing:
Capitalism - private ownership of the means of production - requires a means of exercising that ownership, which results in the owners having some degree of economic control over the laborers.  Any form of capitalism requires that to be the case in order for ownership to have a return on their investments.  
Because this necessarily creates a coercive arrangement between ownership and labor, capitalism is incompatible with anarchism.  
Other arrangements where ownership and labor are not distinct and this disparity in power is avoided - socialism and mutualism, for example - are not capitalist.
As a result, the ancap position is either not anarchist, or not capitalist, and allowing for bosses follows that division.
@_date: 2013-05-11 17:25:01


Macmillan Dictionary of Modern Economics, 3rd Ed., 1986, via [Wikipedia](
To bring this back home:






By this, we can divide ancaps into two main groups:  ancaps who are anarchists that misunderstand capitalism, and ancaps who are capitalists that misunderstand anarchism.  
The former (anarchists) reject capitalist bosses and favor egalitarian arrangements, calling themselves ancaps due to accepting the false notion of all economics being capitalist.  I think you might fall in this category.
The latter (capitalists) accept capitalist bosses and so only selectively oppose hierarchical systems, calling themselves ancaps due to mistakenly believing that anarchism is anti-statism and nothing else.
@_date: 2013-05-11 15:05:24
...no.  Once again, not all ownership is capitalism.  Owning capital does not make you a capitalist, leveraging your ownership of capital to make a profit off others' labor with that capital does.
@_date: 2013-05-11 15:55:36


Not really, and not a very good one if that.  If you paid market value for the acts of cutting down the tree and making a chair from the lumber, where is the profit margin coming from?  If you offered them less than their labor was worth to create that margin, why would they want to work for you?


Because capitalism isn't "labor involving the use of property."


Yes.  But that doesn't make it capitalism.  Markets are not capitalism.  Trade is not capitalism.  Money is not capitalism.  Surplus is not capitalism.  Capitalism is capitalism.
@_date: 2013-05-10 15:18:20
The problem is that bosses are de facto rulers.  Anarchism is not just anti-statism.
@_date: 2013-05-11 05:20:03
You're not only conflating 'capital' with 'property', but 'capital' with 'capitalism'.
From [wikipedia](


I have not said that ownership is impossible in anarchism, only capitalism (making a profit from owning what others rely on to produce), which inherently places some in positions of power over others.
Now, I'd like to avoid arguing here over all the nitty gritty details of ownership, for two reasons:
1. I don't pretend to know for certain what will work best for everyone, as I am not omnipotent and don't know the needs of every living person.
2. Since my point was about capitalism, which only describes some arrangements of ownership and not all of it, pretty much anything about it that hasn't already been said will be irrelevant.
@_date: 2013-05-11 04:09:01
Then why do so many people still starve to death?