@_author: sp00kyh00ky
@_date: 2013-01-03 17:51:34
They are probably not gone, they have been quite active on their  [Twitter account](
Their last one was 3 hours ago and they then said they would be back in an hour. They have been offline roughly for the last 10 hours [source here](
If you had a backup to your google drive or dropbox... you should be able to access your wallet that way. Otherwise speaking, sit back, relax and things should get back online soon :)
@_date: 2013-04-11 14:02:44
Your banker will probably have more direct knowledge. Again SEPA transfers do require administrative work from the sending bank (if you are transferring a large amount) and then receiving bank. Some smaller banks can do this quicker, some large take their time with these things... its really all depends. I would bet on your banker being correct about the SEPA transfer... then it all depends on the staff at Bitcoin 24, however chances are they will want to get your money into their system as fast as they can. Hope it arrives today.... or whenever the market is lowest  for you to buy ;)
@_date: 2013-02-23 14:27:10
It's Saturday, banks do not do SEPA transfers in Europe.... Most weekends there is a dip as people who want to spend money on bitcoins can't. The price drops and then Sunday it generally drops the most.
Monday we will see it shoot back up. But again, no one truly knows.
@_date: 2013-04-29 20:04:55
Add some location info about where your office is or where people can write letters. 
Most scam electronics or goods for bitcoins are just a magneto or ecommerce platforms with 0 info on where they are based. You pay them, give up bitcoins and them they never reply etc... So some info about your company or its physical location (even if it is just an office) would help make your website more trustworthy.
Moreover make shipping details as clear as possible.
Make the contact form less significant. If I can email, tweet or Facebook message someone, I have more trust that they will get my message. When you fill in a contact form, you have no idea where the message is going, if anyone is even going to get it and if anyone is ever going to get back to you.
Basically just be as transparent as possible. When stores accept Paypal or credit card payments, customers at least have chargeback and can take the company to court. Even though they never will, it gives people confidence that there is accountability. Bitcoins are irreversible so you will have to be really transparent and make customer service your number 1 priority.
Otherwise the site looks awesome!
Edit: if possible, get some laptops with French, English and other keyboards. Even if it means "back order" or custom order with additional 2 week delivery...
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:55:54
Eventually some day, yes. Whether it is in a month or in a year, who knows. I was an early adopter and when BTC went up 1$ in a week, that was a great week to have Bitcoins. Now things are just too volatile
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:40:11
there is a lot of discussion over at its a better place to find UK specific bitcoin purchasing details.
@_date: 2013-01-16 19:24:52
it stands for field programmable gate array
Basically compared to a processor which executes commands written in a higher programming language and can be adapted to suit and solve many problems.. A FPGA is a large array of gates (AND, NOT, OR, NAND, NOR and XOR) which each have their own logic and are programmed in a lower programming language such as Verilog or VHDL. In doing so, you specify directly what gates do what operations and you can basically produce a processor which solves EXCLUSIVELY the type of problem you are trying to solve.
In doing so, you have the potential of optimizing and solving problems or executing commands much faster than in a microprocessor. Some guys broke the encryption of the Bluray discs a couple years ago using FPGA's, which intel? (not sure if it was intel) had described as uncrackable because of the complexity of code. The downsides is that it takes a lot of work in low level programming languages.
As for bitcoins, no clue sorry.
TL:DR, its a more specific processor which is limited to running only operations it is programmed for.
@_date: 2013-02-23 15:37:45
Every/Most weekends, banks close and do not issue international or inter bank transfers. As a result a lot of people who want to invest into bitcoin or want to buy bitcoins can't get their orders through (bank wise). At the same time, bitcoin keeps being traded 24/7.
While bitcoin is independent from currency, it is linked by the fact that supply (sellers) outnumber demand (buyers) who are still waiting for their USD to appear on mt gox or bitstamp. The price will most likely keep dropping all weekend, until Monday when it will shoot back up as people who have just gotten their money into the trades will attempt to buy cheap bitcoins from the weekend. The price will rocket back up due to people wanting to buy into this price spike and make some money.
TL:DR, don't worry
@_date: 2013-03-29 02:55:58
But at the same time, the UK has never been about the walmart monopoly... [Its always been about standing up against the establishment]( All I am trying to say is diversity now will help fuel some competitive rivalry on the sites like BitBargain and Localbitcoins, forcing the vendors to drop their prices... Give some new ways for people to buy and sell. Mt Gox has too much power in the US, Bitstamp was a strong monopoly in Europe, finally we have some forced diversity here in the UK. Bitcoins were never meant to be controlled by one exchange or monopoly, it was all about the uncontrolled exchanges between individuals.
I salute the change as part of Bitcoins evolution away from the institutions and monopoly exchanges.
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:51:20
You belong [here]( if you think that any and every bubble follows this same stupid curve people have been posting all day like it is the answer!
Thank you Bitco mesiah for your valuable input to the already existing tenfold of people posting this very same graph and their prediction.
@_date: 2013-04-11 13:54:11
SEPA is Monday to Friday and takes 2-3 business days from Bank to Bank, then allow additional time for the Bitcoin 24 staff to input the deposit to your account.
@_date: 2013-03-28 23:49:06
There is a lot of a discussion about this over at @_date: 2013-04-12 10:26:01
When a mommy and a daddy love each other very much, the daddy wants to give the mommy a special gift, then he [follows this reddit bitcoin tip bot tutorial](
Or if he knows her wallet address... he just sends it using whatever wallet client he uses, inputs her address and sends some bitcoins her way. [If the daddy still wants to know more about the process, he can read the wiki like everyone else](
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:07:05
Hi there, I just wanted to let you know there is a specific subreddit where we often debate these sorts of topics.
Basically speaking, the UK has a very traditional stance on banking, banking secrecy and these sorts of things... There used to be an exchange called Britcoin, which turned into intersango. They went bust when they lost support from first Barclays, then MetroBank in London. Similarly, Blockchain.info used to allow direct deposits via Barclays and the PingIt app but were stopped. International money transfer services in the UK have been blocked from transferring money to the accounts of Bitstamp, Mt.Gox etc...
There have even been countless posts of people from Lloyds in particular who simply had their account closed for buying/selling bitcoin.
One problem is that the Faster Payments system used by banks IS refundable. Meaning someone who makes a deposit, CAN claim it was a mistake or was fraud, and have the payment reversed. This lends itself to significant financial losses and companies often get blacklisted as a result of being involved in too many "fraudulent" transactions.
All this, coupled with the stigma that existed in the very beginning of bitcoin has resulted in a lot of bad press and negative views from politicians. As someone who has been involved in Bitcoin for quite a few years now, I quite honestly don't see a quick resolution to this situation.
The good news however is that the UK has flourished a number of decentralized market places. Unlike when the last bubble and crash occured due to DDOS attacks on major exchanges, you are trading with direct people through the escrow of the site making manipulation and DDOS attacks mostly useless in disrupting the economy. Much like Bitcoin was intended to be a decentralized currency, sites like BitBargain and Localbitcoins have strengthened the qualities of bitcoin. Much like torrents where trackers maintain logs of seed/peers, Localbitcoin and Bitbargain integrate a tertiary review system called  if any marketplace gets shut down, a new one can startup, without having the sellers restart their ratings.
Sorry for the rant, just had a double expresso after work and decided to sit down and type away. :)
TL:DR, I know it sucks there are not any better market places or exchanges, but the UK decentralised exchanges actually strengthen the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:53:15
Awesome thank you!
@_date: 2013-03-06 17:23:54
If you honestly want to use paypal, I would go on ebay and find someone there who is taking the risk of selling BTC for PayPal. (those people are already offering)
The problem is as wtfhazzy said is that since there is no tracking(shipping), its not done through proper paypal channels (ebay etc...) you can very easily win a paypal dispute and I lose my money altogether. 
I know 1BTC is only ~50$ but still the risks are too high. Any particular reason you want to use Paypal? (assuming you are not trying to scam someone).
Edit: for sounding too much like a dick originally :/
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:12:39
Done, and done. It's up on the page.
@_date: 2013-02-23 16:52:42
When I said "every/most weekends", I was referring to banking hours, not bitcoin.
As you said, it is possible that this is not a fluke and that this may not be a weekend thing. My personal belief is that there are many factors affect bitcoin value, one of which may be the rapid increase in value past record highs followed by a weekend when many people are now unable to inject money into the market, trades coming from "new money" and new investors are limited. Additionally, very few articles and mainstream financial news are reported over the weekend, this affects the bitcoin markets.
But again, as anyone here, my views just represent MY opinion.
@_date: 2013-03-31 17:28:46
What about two factor authentification? How would that affect all of this, wouldnt it solve this issue of hacking?