@_author: spacealien251
@_date: 2019-02-13 05:20:51
I am new to bitcoins and reddit keeps recommending this sub since a lot of my searches are related to it, but I have to ask if you guys think transactions like this on the regular are realistic in the long-term? Because how do you account for taxes? If I had to bet, the person who sold that pizza will not pay tax on that pizza. 
I am neither advocating for or complaining against taxes but do you think the tax factor is one of the factors that prevents bitcoin transactions for every day items unrealistic? If it is a currency that becomes mainstream then there will be relevant tax legislation in place which means it would be regulated. 
So is it not better off if it is un-regulated? I am just not particularly understanding why someone buying or more and more sellers allowing sale in bitcoin is something worth celebrating. Not being a dick just trying to learn more. 
@_date: 2019-02-14 17:02:46
so basically because big pharma gets a cut of the profit, then it's all okay because rEgUlAtIoN, which means there can be no wrong-doing or ill intention. We should have the free choice to decide what we put into our own bodies, regardless of whether or not pharma can patent it, or else we are not really free. 
People like Ross simply helped facilitate that and have helped so many people because of these drugs. Look at people's experiences with shrooms and so forth. As for kids who overdid it, that's on them and their parents. I've had much much much much more success in dealing with extremely strong OCD with over 20 different symptoms and all without using any of big pharma's ridiculous drugs, some if you stop taking one day you can experience death, spinal shock, and so forth. Yet people call people like me "unscientific" and an "idiot" simply for wanting to try a safer alternative. Yet I've probably had more success than almost everybody who's dealt with debilitating OCD. People are incapable of free thought and just regurgitate opinions they hear from 3rd parties and get really defensive over it.
@_date: 2019-02-14 00:08:29
honestly it goes to show how powerful and evil of a monopoly big pharma truly is, so much so that they can render an entire legal sytem full of corruption when needed such as when someone facilitates sales for which they don't get a profit