@_author: space_esq
@_date: 2018-01-13 00:20:51
Check out Coinlion.  Won't be up and running for a couple months, but I'm excited for it.  I think it will replace coinbase for new users because it will have a similar simplicity for new users, but also provide many more tools and resources.   Although it is still in ICO, so could still fail to make it off the ground.  
@_date: 2018-01-13 03:42:11
Coinlion.com. Check it out.  It is in ICO, but if it makes it off the ground it will be better (obviously my opinion and I have a good amount of LION)
@_date: 2018-02-07 00:11:27
The term "investment contract" is a term thrown around too loosely; securities are determined by a standard created by the US courts called the Howie Test. 
There are a number of ICOs that probably satisfy the Howie test, but that is determined on a case by case basis. Clayton implied that all ICOs satisfy a Howie test.  That is inaccurate. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:07:29
Giancarlo was a very pleasant surprise.  
I do not feel the same comfort with Clayton's testimony. 
1. he did not seem to understand crypto. His confusion on why "15" were needed bothered me. 
2. He did not understand it having intrinsic value.  
3. But my primary concern is his overt desire to use the SEC to regulate. I do not understand how an ICO can be a securities offering if he concurrency being offered is not categorically a security?  He seemingly acknowledged BTC / ETH and the like are not securities, but would he feel differently if ETH was just launching with an ICO?  Additionally, virtual currencies have been defined / recognized as a commodity since 2014.  My opinion is that fraudsters should be fully prosecuted, but the regulatory arm to enforce that should not be the SEC.  The SEC's involved does nothing but add market uncertainty for participants and contributors.    the CFTC is capable of regulating fraud; furthermore, FinCen is also an active participant.   The SEC needs to back off (especially bc there is not legislation directing them to regulate crypto) or risk crippling the crypto market for Americans.   
