@_author: spacerace
@_date: 2013-08-13 04:32:08
Bank account statement had me scratching my head for a minute. Refund received (&lt; 3k group), thank you for your work on this case AudenX, your updates were very much appreciated!
@_date: 2013-05-24 02:17:21
It's a free county, why not confront him. He certainly is consistently dropping the ball every day by not communicating with us about the steps involved in returning our money. This is a serious situation, to keep his customers out of the loop is inexcusable.
I'm sure others would echo my sentiments if you need any more encouragement. Please stay within the legal boundaries, but a confrontation would not be out of order.
@_date: 2013-05-21 03:44:30
Thanks for the update audenx
@_date: 2013-04-09 11:51:01
I am now in the same boat as you. Wish I would have paid attention to their twitter feed yesterday before depositing.
Update: deposit cleared this morning. hopefully they resolved your issue as well!
@_date: 2013-05-22 01:36:53
I simply can not stay positive given the updates of his personal [twitter account](
If the lack of communication is a direct result of legal counsel in order to protect himself, my question is, why should he need to protect himself if he already has all of his customer's money and is committed to returning it?
In the time he was waiting for the return of the check from Capital One, he should have secured a method of delivery. Or does getting approved for this task legitimately take months? Since we have little official communication, and presumably no expertise, we can not know.
What I know for a fact is that longer this runs on, the less hope people will have in seeing their money again. Also, the less likely people will be organized. The seemingly carefree twitter updates from Roman's personal account do nothing to assuage the fear that he is not serious about returning his customer's money, or worse.
I've gone from distantly hopeful to outright offended by reading his twitter account. In any case, I'm will continue to look for your updates audenx. Hopefully we can all stay organized and focused together as we seek a resolution.