@_author: spaffraptor
@_date: 2014-01-21 13:29:00
Memes are an important way of communicating complicated subjects. Taking a preexisting context and manipulating it slightly is a very powerful tool. I'll grant you that utilising it in trying to make silly funnies usually ends with loads of unfunny people trying to be funny but who can blame them. The way your DNA expresses such complicated genetic information is through memes.
@_date: 2014-01-26 12:30:05
How can you say what does and doesn't deserve traction? You have to read the writing on the wall and see any traction that is there for what it is.
@_date: 2014-03-18 16:38:08
I'm not really challenging anything you've stated or stating anything myself so there is nothing for me to prove. I'm just commenting on the responses you've given to other people in this thread and noted that you respond childishly with no desire to have any productive discussion, just name calling and flawed logic.
I hope you respond to this in a way which confirms what I've said because I enjoy the idea of you using your time to come up with stale and uninteresting ways to insult the intelligence of others, make pathetic attempts at making any kind of effective argument through being endlessly pedantic about minor irrelevant points, and effectively wasting the best days of your own life whilst noone else in the world gives a fuck.
I am the kind of guy who would enjoy that.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:08:59
I'm not trying to prove whether or not money laundering took place, I couldn't care less about whether or not that is a fact. I only wanted to bring to light the fact that your means of participating in a discussion is childish and pointlessly argumentative which ultimately robs any argument you make of any intended validity, and perhaps lead you to expose the reason why that is.
I hope my pseudo intellectualism and your pseudo ignorance can come together and maybe we can meet in the middle with the views of pseudo neutrality.
@_date: 2014-03-18 15:54:17
You're really great at starting childish arguments with as many people as you can. Well done on being a mediocre troll!