@_author: spam_police
@_date: 2014-04-26 04:03:20
I get what you mean, but I still don't see how scared people banding together would inevitably lead to some kind of government.  I think forming some kind of protectorate without all the other trappings of a state government is quite feasible.
@_date: 2014-04-26 01:36:30
Very good points.  Should have known could hold a much better debate than elsewhere on reddit, fuck me there's some smart people in here.
I think though, that we are underestimating how in our modern world building up, maintaining, and paying for an overwhelming military force is prohibitively expensive - and not even all that effective of a tool to get what you want.  All the trillions of dollars and thousands of dead soldiers wasted on destroying large chunks of the Middle East and other parts of the world in the name of American interests, and exactly how many hearts and minds did that win over?  Did the USA get what it wanted?  Was there a profit in it?  Is war even profitable anymore?  Not including the arms industry, I would say it very much isn't.
So without a profit motive, why would a private security company embark on a war of aggression?  I guess the question is - without a state, could a group of people feasibly get together and pool their resources into aggressive wars for any other reason, like some fucked up ideology, and actually pull it off?  Sure, I guess.  People are violent, people are stupid.  But history is trending the other way - there is less war in the world now than there has ever been, and despite our growing population and diminishing resources we are more peaceful than ever.  I have hope that in a global free market, aggression will be one day junk stock.
@_date: 2014-04-25 22:17:02
But in a truly free market, who in their right mind would hire a security agency that is aggressive and murderous?  Security is about defense, not offence.  If people were voluntarily buying their own security services from a wide choice of providers instead of being forced to buy into the state monopoly of violence, the first time any security firm tried to "go medieval" on the competition they would go out of business because they would lose most if not all of their customers.  Plus it's just a bad business decision.  Going to war (literally) is very expensive, and attacking would be much more expensive than defending - so who's to say that this theoretical campaign of super hostile takeovers would even be successful?
edit - typo
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:56:17
If something is a net gain for the rulers, it's not automatically good for the state, and they'll do it anyway.  A lot of the benefit leaders reap is to the detriment of the state.  So yes, war might be profitable and beneficial to the rulers, but for the state on a whole it sure isn't.  Are you so brainwashed you can't tell the difference?  And they do it because they can get away with it, because we let them and encourage them by re-electing them.
A business is different.  If a CEO does something to their own benefit and detrimental to the company, they get fired.  CEOs don't run up ruinous debts and stay CEO for long, but when it comes to our political leaders it's about all they do and we keep voting for them.  If the state was run like a business, malevolent warmongering psychopaths wouldn't make it to top office.
@_date: 2014-07-30 09:55:28
The connection?  Oh I dunno, maybe it's the thousands of hours of public service time politicians like Paul have wasted debating a fairy tale vs. science instead of doing some real work.  And that's why not both - one is science and the other is fairy tales and ancient mythology.  It's not some sliding scale of opinions with the truth unknown and in the middle somewhere, one side has facts and science and is correct, the other, well, isn't.  And Paul is a medical doctor for fucks sake - how can you know *anything* about biology and deny evolution?  It's completely fair to use this inconsistency to assassinate his character, as it is of any fundamentalist.  And *none* of them seem to be able to keep it to themselves as you suggest - just look at "science" classes in Kansas and tell me it's not harmful.
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:31:21


The fact that it's a terrible business decision will stop them.  It's much easier and more profitable to earn business from satisfied customers than it is to try and force people to pay you for something they don't want.  That's why existing private security firms already rake in billions in profit for legitimately protecting people while states continue to go into massive debt to finance their war machines - even while they have a tax base of unborn souls to fund it whether they'd like to or not.  I'm not talking about some theoretical stateless society, this is the reality right now.  People don't want to foot the bill for expensive wars of aggression, only the state can afford to by going into massive debt and creating magic monopoly money out of thin air.  So if the government is the big and scary for profit warlord right now, *where's the fucking profit?*
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:46:05
This is irrelevant.  If a King hires a security force, it's the same as having any state army.  This has nothing to do with the particulars of discussing a stateless anarcho-capitalist society, where you'd have no king to pay for such aggression, and to justify it with whatever religious or statist dogmas.  We're talking about a theoretically free market on the use of violence for defense, where security businesses would have only customers, not kings.  And while those customers and people in general are often very irrational, if anything is rational it's successful businesses in free markets.  As soon as a business behaves irrationally, without a state behind it holding it up it will fail in the free market, going broke and freeing up resources for better players.
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:57:45
They *could*, but would they?  With the government as the only security agency which currently *does* extort it's customers, could you say it has been a wise and profitable business decision?
@_date: 2014-07-30 00:36:30
Also, a creationist.  How brilliant can you be if you deny evolution?
@_date: 2014-04-26 01:49:43
What do you mean?  We'd have no mafia in a stateless society?
No, by *my* logic (and I love how you personalize logic as if it wasn't a universal concept - either it's logical or not), on a level playing field, a mafia and extortion based protection racket could very well exist, but it wouldn't survive the competition of legitimate security companies.
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:43:37
That's actually exactly how logic works.  Do you have a counter point or not?
@_date: 2014-04-26 02:38:55
So one or two opportunistic people, a few more scared people, and then suddenly government?  Care to elaborate how exactly that sequence would work?  I don't follow your reasoning, and I detest your lack of faith in humanity.  What are you so scared of that you need to run to mommy state?  People are nowhere near as violent as we were not long ago in our history, and we're trending heavily towards a much more peaceful society all the time.  The drastic reduction in humanity's violence is happening right now all around you, despite what fear-mongering FOX or MSNBC shill as "news".  Go ahead and vapidly brush off logical universal principles of non-violence as a fluffy wet dream if you want, you can continue to live in your statist shit hole while some of us actually work to make the world a better place.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:58:04
Yeah but if they can make MORE profit by NOT extorting people...
Believe it or not, the guy with the gun to your head won't ever make as much money from you as the people you willingly do business with.  Somehow it just isn't the motivator we all think it is.  Violence is risky and expensive, and never a good business decision.  The amount of people who can't and or won't pay is not negligible, and you never just kill them right away cause then you'd get nothing out of them.  You have to keep them alive and scared, you have to keep ledgers of debts, you have to go around and start intimidating and breaking legs and enforcing your will - all of which is risky and very expensive.  And someone who lives in fear is not productive, you shrink their human capital and make them far less valuable than a productive customer who makes a lot of money and actually wants to do business with you.
@_date: 2014-04-25 23:08:11
No, people certainly are quite irrational, I get that.  I just don't think they are as willing to voluntarily fund aggressive campaigns of violence and murder as one might assume they are, especially if it's just some business trying to take out competitors.  And especially when they get the bill and see what it *really* costs, because it would be an order of magnitude more expensive than a peaceful option.
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:55:04
It's a fascinating speculation and a fun debate, and while our models might be limited, I definitely would call any of this baseless.  There's plenty of good reasons to speculate either way, and a lot of what's being discussed in this thread is actually quite deeply rooted in very well known economic principles.
That being said, I think the only real hope for anarcho-capitalism to be taken seriously is to first live in a much more peaceful world, because the entire theory hinges on the non-aggression principle.  And with still so many violent people on this earth I think it's worth talking about.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:40:37


Really?  You get to be the biggest and meanest security company by *killing your customers?!*  What planet are you from?  As an owner of a security company, psychopathic or not, would you rather:  A - have a strong base of satisfied customers paying a lifetime of monthly subscription fees...  or B - try and often fail to extort the same amount of money at much greater risk from scared peaceful people who will do as much as they can to avoid you?  And when they don't pay, you kill them and get rid of that potential revenue stream permanently, you scare more people away from your business and then need more force at greater cost to extract funds further from an ever shrinking base of victims.  How is this good for the security company?  It's so much easier to actually provide a good service than to go around breaking legs and keeping a gang of thugs in order, and yes, with enough people buying good security from good companies, the rouges wouldn't stand a chance.
Have you ever run a business?  Because I don't get where all this projected malice comes from, and I don't think you understand what it's really like to actually own a company and invest in it's success.  And I don't even want to touch the comparison with violent cartels because it's not fair to compare the idea of true free market anarchy with some failed state quasi-anarchy chaos.  Those cartels wouldn't be what they are without state institutions like the war on drugs anyway, because that's where the money is coming from, and the violence they are responsible for wouldn't be funded or even necessary otherwise.
And for the record, since it seems important to you for whatever reason, I haven't downvoted anything in this thread.
@_date: 2014-04-26 04:08:48
Totally correct.  But seeing the way people vote, is any kind of citizen revolt really a genuine concern for any of our leaders?  Not yet.  We're still a LONG way off from holding our leaders as accountable as shareholders do of their CEOs.
@_date: 2014-04-26 03:08:37
I never said it wouldn't happen, people make poor business decisions all the time.  And in a free market, a bad enough decision will put that company out of business.  The only reason the government can continue on with the incredibly bad business of war is because they don't have to worry about pissing off shareholders or going broke.