@_author: spark277
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:14:09


There is no radically new concept as far as the bankruptcy courts are concerned.   The workings of BTC itself don't change the fact that it's an asset with a cash value and the courts will treat it as such.
If some company developed a new machine that removed tatoos and people paid for machines that weren't delivered and the company filed for bankruptcy, the inner workings of how this machine removed tattoos would be irrelevant.  The courts will look at what was paid and what was owed in terms of value regardless of the technology that makes these machines work and BTC is no different.  BTC being a new technological concept has no bearing on the fact that it had a fair market value and it's the value that courts are concerned with, not the technology behind it. 


This wouldn't be material to a court but if the pen were worth a lot then purchase orders, receipts and accounting records would easily prove who paid for it.


Of course it's real.  No court is going to rule that BTC isn't real, it's what people had purchased and it's what Mt.Gox is in bankruptcy protection to halt lawsuits to recover a value for.  The courts may be determining whether or not it's a currency, but this doesn't change anything in terms of the fact that it has a cash value and will be treated like any other asset with a cash value.   All assets and liabilities are taken into account whether they're legal currency or not.  
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:13:31
That's not how bankruptcy works.  Bankruptcy protection exists to allow orderly repayment of debts.  The protection a company receives in bankruptcy is from lawsuits, not from repayment.  The courts will go over all of their assets and establish a plan for repayment.
Bankruptcy isn't some magic wand where it gets waived and you don't owe anything anymore.  All of Mt.Gox's finances expenses and transfers are now subject to judicial oversight and are decided based on what's best for the people who are owed money because the goal is to maximize the amount that everyone is repaid.
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:46:55
It doesn't need to be a currency.  It's still an asset with a cash value and will be treated like any other asset with a cash value.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:16:33
This is done so that Mt.Gox can establish a repayment plan which is legally binding and subject to judicial oversight.  All creditors are required to be treated equally according to their class, which would be impossible of you had 10,000 different people all suing them separately.
The courts will ultimately force repayment of all debts from whatever assets Mt.Gox has remaining, which won't be 100% of what everyone is owed but will be something.  They have not bee absolved of repaying their debts, the entire purpose of bankruptcy is to establish an *orderly* repayment of debts which will come in time.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:29:55
I don't know why they would even consider ruling that they don't have a cash value, it's indisputable that they do.  Courts generally don't have to rule on this because something that has no cash value wouldn't be considered an asset or a liability and would therefore be irrelevant in a bankruptcy, the purpose of which is to establish orderly repayment of liabilities.
Maybe you mean currency?  They may have to rule on whether or not it's considered a currency but this wouldn't really make a difference in terms of their bankruptcy filing.  Bankruptcy looks at all assets and liabilities whether they're considered currency or not and the BTC would still be considered an asset and a liability with a cash value.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:26:38
I'm not saying there is no abuse, I'm saying your theory for how this abuse is happening doesn't make sense.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:34:43


That doesn't make any sense.  The novelty of BTC doesn't render it immune to bankruptcy court oversight.  It's still an asset with a value and the liabilities they're trying to expunge via bankruptcy are also held in BTC, which means he wouldn't be gaining any protection from lawsuits or repayment, defeating the purpose of filing for bankruptcy protection in the first place.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:00:23
How and why would they not include the bitcoins?  You need to list all liabilities.  Even if they're trying to pull a fast one on the bankruptcy court, it just means anything not listed will not be discharged and will be legally still owed, subjecting the company to the very legal protection that bankruptcy is supposed to protect against.
@_date: 2014-06-07 01:18:55
I don't think we're going to do away with nations for the same reason we haven't done away with municipalities, provinces, states and territories.
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:32:33
I'm an accountant, I'm very familiar with how bankruptcy works and you don't actually know what you're talking about at all.