@_author: spareplatypus
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:05:14
Not a bad summary. One omission I'd HAVE to mention is CounterParty.io -- a (a sidechain like "metalayer" that runs atop of the bitcoin blockchain)
CounterParty protocol launched a token issuance platform and decentralized exchange on bitcoin (*the* first dex in fact) utilizing on chain atomic swaps and has been working for 4 years, since it's launch in 2014. 
Counterparty transactions are present in around 65% of all bitcoin transactions since it's launch in fact and it was design inspiration for early versions of ethereum-- later demoed the fact that ethereums smart contract VM could be entirely ported to btc and run on-chain on chain through the counterparty metalayer itself.
In addition cross chain atomic swaps and LN aware asset swaps have also been played with on that platform recently.
For whatever reason not many people seem to know about it but it's definitely worth a mention IMO
@_date: 2018-09-14 22:07:49
Anyone remember this? what ended up happening to that?
@_date: 2018-09-15 19:05:21
I've been wishing that for years now. I'd love for this to go somewhere this time and be embraced by the BTC camp
As I remember Counterparty-- to much fanfare, launched a decentralized exchange protocol, token registration system and notably cloned ethereums smart contracts 4 years ago on a metalayer atop of the bitcoin blockchain [removed link due to being caught up in spam filter] however ultimately they ended up not integrating the EVM due to:
1) Fair security concerns of the EVM at the time (not long after $500m was hacked in theDAO incident, causing ethereum to rollback and ethereum classic to launch- many more smart contract hacks have occured since.
the arguably bigger issues were:
2) lack of public support, funding (no funds were raised, actually 2000+ btc were 'burnt' to make all bitcoiners 'richer')
3) core developer lashback-- neutering the space for which metalayers could encode txs, block size votes, even abusing distro maintainer privileges to patch the bitcoin client to blacklist and censor bitcoin transactions occuring on these layers, along with on-chain betting sites -- Yes, that really happened [2]
despite the fact these layers could of enabled many ethereum like features on-top of the bitcoin blockchain-and bring in added-value and novel use cases in some cases without necessity for an external token at all (users could use pure bitcoin)
counterparty transactions are present in 64% of bitcoin blocks since it's launch in 2014 [removed link due to being caught up spam filter] but majority of bitcoiners nowadays have no clue of technologies like omni (beyond the fact tether uses it) and counterparty -- pretty much nobody uses them- not even the decentralized exchange component or asset issuance features (in comparison to ethereum ERC20 standard). Certainly neither of them get any kind of support or attention here. Compared to say, lightning. Despite the fact you can create an asset now on counterparty, existing on the bitcoin blockchain with nothing more than btc dust, (no token required-entirely decentralized) or trade on a decentralized exchange, or play a provably fair game of rock-paper-scissors on the blockchain, the possibility to swap assets on lightning layers can exist too- yet nobodys doing it.
I don't understand why nobody uses or supported this tech, I thought it was the most innovative and empowering thing I've seen since the beginning but it has been shunned and ethereum's led the way to take away a big slice of bitcoins developer mindshare- VC investments, etc.. the entire crypto space from that point became more diluted between two main players (particularly in the mind of the public- I met many who were convinced by media that ethereum was the 'next' bitcoin)
these features could of instead been built on top of the bitcoin blockchain (indeed even vitalik was considering building on btc until he saw the attitudes of the core developers towards omni/counterparty and the drama with OP_Return and blacklists). Ultimately he considered it too risky so moved away from building on bitcoin to primecoin, then scaled the vision up.
What tangible benefits does the RSK/sidechains model offer over the permissionless model that was proposed back then and still exists today (metalayers on top of bitcoin) [1], more crucially how will this time be any different in attracting key support/adoption of bitcoiners ?
The potential is huge and although there's long ways to go a lot of low hanging fruit has been ironed out of the contract execution space so it seems now is a better time at least.
Ultimately in whatever incarnation it comes I really hope everyone supports this kind of innovation on bitcoin. I feel we all need to rally around technology like this and make bitcoin the de-facto rails for which innovation is built upon, instead of shunning extensions upon it happened in the past and encouraging others to re-invent the wheel making brand new blockchains for every use-case.
There's no need for 60 seperate blockchains, when a singular chain creates further aligned incentive to maintain and secure the one main chain along with all additional value created and encoded within it
Unfortunately removed citations due to being caught up in spam filter
@_date: 2018-09-17 06:18:25
I disagree, Think btc will rise.  Gold has historically performed very well relative to S&amp;P 500 during financial downturn as a 'safe haven':
6 out of 8 times (counting major downturns from 1976) gold was up as the markets were down, and 7 out of 8 times it declined less than the markets
You can already see what's happening in places like iran, (where btc is traded at 26,000 recently) Venezuela etc-- with btc decoupled and chosen by some as a sane option versus holding currency that's losing spending power
I expect BTC may perform somewhat analogously (low or negative correlation) as an independent safe haven of todays age- when dollar falls -- with btc having clear advantageous properties relative to gold .
@_date: 2019-05-15 14:07:10
CounterParty demonstrated Ethereums EVM on top of bitcoin  years ago, but decided not to run with it, for starters because  turing complete smart contracts were untested (later the DAO debacle and many others surfaced). I believe there is still an interest in smart contracts there (counterparty already extends bitcoins existing 'contracts' with some hard coded ones- e.g to facilitate atomic swaps) but specifically a stripped down non turing complete type of language.
Also, wrt drivechains Hazama is a BitAsset sidechain that is aimed be released soon- No altcoin, no ICO or nonsense like RSK. According to the page support counterparty assets (you can create, send receive counterparty tokens easily with only regular bitcoin fees- for example using freeport chrome extension) and erc-20 assets (created using ethereum)  
@_date: 2019-05-16 07:11:31
I'm very interested in RGB too, and tokenization on bitcoin in general-  but for RGB sends, for example (as far as I understand, please correct me if I'm wrong) you also need a BTC balance,  there's no reason fees would be any cheaper with that model.
Also note that to create or send  a counterparty asset you do not need to actually hold  XCP or anything other than enough bitcoin to include the tx in the block chain (the 'other' token you have to manage is a specifically constructed bitcoin tx, essentially formatted in a similar structure to proposed RGB assets) -- you just need a wallet that is capable of recognising this.
@_date: 2019-05-15 18:13:41
The first point is tokenization is interesting, yet not everyones aware tokens can be easily owned, swapped and created on Bitcoin -  For many use cases where a token is created there is no need to bother with 'smart contracts' or hiring contract auditing firms to ensure screwups like the DAO, Oyster Pearl etc, Parity occur.
There's no need to convert BTC to ETH, to factor in computational costs to create a token nor do you need to wrap/unwrap your ETH to WETH if you want to trade it on a decentralized exchange.
 People can now can now trivially, (in seconds) create a token on the bitcoin Blockchain using only bitcoin AND trade that trustlessly using the same blockchain, p2p amongst other users for Bitcoin or other tokens. 
Here's what vitalik said about counterparty a while back


It's the interoperability properties here that I'm trying to highlight, which may well be interesting to some bitcoiners.
@_date: 2019-05-15 17:46:32
You're in luck. There are already games that let you create/own/trade tokens on Bitcoin (e.g Takara, sarutobi island, Bitcrystals, Bitcorn, but they haven't got as much attention as the likes of cryptokitties- which was inspired by rare pepe token collectibles on bitcoin btw!) 
2017/2018 was the year of many dubious smart contracts (often unnecessary) and scammy ICO's on ETH
2019/2020 it's time for tokens on Bitcoin and Lightning to shine.
The co-author of the Lightning paper, Joseph Poon- has previously said
"I'm personally very interested in getting support for cross-chain/tokens into lightning network spec, so work &amp; thinking around this is greatly appreciated and is likely going to be a significant use case for the lightning network
There hasn't been much activity for a while on assets on Bitcoin/Lightning but Bitfinex is now planning to get Tether, LEO and future tokens on Bitcoin proper and hopes to get them compatible with Lightning too (read the LEO whitepaper for confirmation of this) that's $3B worth, they are funding initiatives and developers like RGB to achieve this goal, Blockstream has their federated sidechain project getting up to steam (mostly exchanges partnered) and elements too.
And forget RSK, there is a project called Hazama in the works (in part authored by Mandelduck) that aims to bring these Bitcoin based tokens (counterparty, ERC-20 and others) to fast, and cheap bitcoin based sidechains. Perfect for microtransactions on games. all anchored to the strongest dependable blockchain in the world. (Which the likes of microsoft is also leveraging for their decentralized identity project) 
Check this: "Due to the instant confirmation property of Lightning and Hazama users will be able to instantly buy and sell HAZAMA assets for BTC"
@_date: 2019-05-15 14:18:13


A smart contract platform, rather than implementing a completely new blockchain, can make use of an existing blockchain with simple smart contract functionality.
This is done by making the platform an escrow service with the above given simple smart contract.
A smart contract platform, rather than implementing a completely new blockchain, can make use of an existing blockchain with simple smart contract functionality.
This is done by making the platform an escrow service with the above given simple smart contract.
Soo.. essentially what is being described is the CounterParty protocol, which launched the first on-chain DEX, amongst other things built on bitcoin.. half a decade ago (it's still active, you don't need to touch any altcoin, you can swap tokens/tokens or BTC for tokens or vice versa while you remain in control of your funds)
@_date: 2019-05-15 14:57:16
If anyone is unfamiliar, quick explainer
This is a new tool (a chrome extension) that makes creating and managing blockchain tokens and collectibles (e.g game items, cards, in game assets) super easy. Everything is controlled by you, in your custody. 
It doesn't require any third party token and doesn't cost anything other than a regular bitcoin fee for the transaction to be relayed by miners. There's no complex smart contracts to write and your tokens live directly on the bitcoin blockchain, (via counterparty- an on chain asset layer that rides atop bitcoin), your tokens are in regular bitcoin addresses. Around 75,000 tokens have been created so far.
Although the app is new and hasn't got it's decentralized exchange interface up yet, your tokens are free to be transferred to other wallets, some of these other wallets have inbuilt DEX- (decentralized exchanges) running on-top of the bitcoin blockchain (for instance freewallet io) so with the same address you have created or purchased a token with you can trade the same token directly- with anyone across the world, trustlessly using the bitcoin blockchain. 
Again, no altcoin is required- your tokens stay under your control, your keys in your wallet at all times, not some centralized exchange- and it doesn't cost anything beyond a standard send (miner fee) to transfer tokens or place orders.
@_date: 2019-05-15 17:36:43


Perhaps I've explained poorly, (totally possible, my bad) but the fact it is issued on (or rather, using the counterparty protocol) does not mean a third party token is, at any stage of the process required. Everything is on the Bitcoin blockchain, denominated in BTC (ONLY for the purpose of inclusion in bitcoins immutable ledger) transactions are not an alternate blockchain (like ethereum)
Counterparty addresses are regular bitcoin addresses and counterparty transactions are regular bitcoin transactions (that also support segwit) with asset data in the OP_RETURN field for example. Counterparty transactions have existed since 2014 and are still present in over 60% of all bitcoin blocks since 2014 till today
Tether/ TUSD also anchor themselves on the bitcoin blockchain in a similar way.
@_date: 2019-05-15 18:21:06
Bitcoin fees per kb are exceptionally high recently, (although with things like segwit, we've seen lower highs than last peak congestion) yes, it's is a sticking point right now for low value asset sends the same way it's a sticking point if you were trying to buy a coffee with BTC or transfer a small amount of btc in general. 
However, zooming out a little that's clearly not always been the case nor are the current fees the norm. Majority of the time fees are in the cents range. Speaking specifically for counterparty transactions, segwit was enabled a while ago,  plus there are further pipelined development works to aggregate or batch transactions to make sends more cost-effective
then there's also this: 
"HAZAMA is a bitcoin side chain technology built using the federated peg model. It allows the 2 way peg of BTC, Counterparty and other blockchain assets such as ERC-20 to a semi-centralized yet cheaper and faster side chain"
"Due to the instant confirmation property of Lightning and Hazama users will be able to instantly buy and sell HAZAMA assets for BTC"