@_author: spartanblue6
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:35:11
The fed sets interest rates on banks, banks don't pay a direct role in inflation. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 08:14:50


I meant in the private sector, the fed is a bank but not in the traditional sense, i thought it was obvious. 


The example of "Too Big To Fail" bail-outs was a good case study. Politicians decided winners and losers in that process. And although someone at Lehman Brothers will tell you that it was personally painful for them, overall letting them fail was probably a good thing. It makes one question why the line was drawn there.... why not let more fail?
Wait what? Economies only have good growth in times of stability. You realize how important a central bank controlling the money supply is? An extremely simplified example of this is back in the 70's and 80's when the United States was suffering from stagflation (stagflation is inflation during a recession). The way economies work means you can only target one at a time. Greenspan who was the head of the Federal Reserve at the time decided to focus on inflation, so he jacked up interest rates and pushed the economy further into recession. This finally slowed down inflation (something a the private sector couldn't have done) and allowed the economy to recover slowly and build back up. Another very very simple example would be the minimum reserve requirements. That is probably the most important thing that the fed does. If the reserve requirement doesn't exist then any bank can lend a dollar out an infinite amount of times, and being a capitalist society it means that competition would push the banks to do so. This would mean you'd have inflation approach infinity. With the fed existing you leave this in the hand of economists not in a competing private sector or in the hands government. 


Currency isn't backed by a random metal alloyed anymore. Minimum reserve requirements also exist for this reason. This point is completely irrelevant, as in printing money leading to inflation this issue is always front and center. There's a reason it took the fed awhile to begin quantitative easing. It's also another fear that was head during the stimulus and why it was scaled back compared to what it should have been, this even though inflation was never a problem during this whole recovery. 


This point is irrelevant because the US dollar is backed by the US economy, the amount of money the fed and treasury have input in to the economy, through tarp and QE, and LSAPS's they saved the economy trillions of dollars in future growth. So your point is completely blown out of proportion. 




Lol TIL the government has a PR engine. It apparently appears to work amazing though i mean that 11% congress approval rate is outstanding. And the all time low of American trust in government is really showing isn't it!
Anyways i'm suprised i could type this much on my tablet, good convo!
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:23:24
Inflation is part of economics. It's like what time is to our universe. 
@_date: 2014-12-16 01:53:23
Politicians no longer play a role in money supply, it's almost completely controlled by the market, and the fed. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:34:27
The 2008 bailouts, and more directly by re-fusing commercial and investment banks. Or by getting credit rating agencies to lie to the public about garbage assets and then selling them to public pensions*
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:26:21
Because Iceland's problem was in anyway relateable or anywhere near the size or importance of the United States's banks.
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:30:56
And i think you missed the point of deflation and trade that i brought up. The idea you can trade the same amount of currency for a dollar for the same commodity 100 years apart is very very dangerous. It'd destroy the world economy. 
You also need to realize that going into the bank and trading it for something with literally no intrinsic value (gold) is useless. It means literally nothing. If the apocalypse were going to happen tomorrow you think anyone would be wishing they had gold? Nope!
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:11:35


Disagreements lead to good discussions :)
You apparently think that empowering a non-elected individual with control over everyone's wealth is a good thing, such as the Federal Reserve Chair.
Non elected =/= non accountable. Thank god they're not elected imagine how fucked we'd be if we had ted cruz running for head of the fed. 


It's not live uncontrolled experimentation. It's all calculated long term solutions. The biggest fear with QE was after the initial rounds the fed was extremely afraid of inflation. Which is why QE3 was so delayed. The inflation never came which delayed extra rounds of QE which left the economy in a worse state than it should've been. That's a direct modern day example of how the fed stays cautious and how sometimes it hurts. 


The dollar is backed by something, it's backed by the US economy instead of a meta with no intrinsic value. Same thing with all modern day countries. The biggest problems with having gold or any other commodity is that, 
* One, people are still going to look to the US economy to judge the strength of the dollar; anything else that it's backed by just complicates the issue. 
* Two, you're limiting all human production possibility to the amount that we can mine. Which leads to massive deflation. '
*Three, massive deflation is cataclysmic in a world economy, because it ruins benefits of exporting. Look at Japan, every-time a strong Yen is reported which seems like almost any quarter their economy takes a huge dive. It's the same reason that China artificially holds down the price of the yuan. '
The United States in terms of value is still the second or first biggest exporter in the world. Any deflation leads to a huge loss in jobs in the US. Which happens anytime you can't get enough of a the commodity "you back your currency" with. The US dollar is basically as capitalistically priced as possible with the few exceptions of inflation. 


You can exchange your dollar for goods and services literally everything around you is backing your dollar right now. Your backing is jobs reports and GDP growth and exports. Not a metal that 
[fluctuates wildly](


There's pretty much only spin with the exception of maybe C-Span. DAE death panels?


They were done terribly corrupt and inefficiently but they did save us from financial disaster. Remember this weren't commodities companies like GM and Chrysler declaring bankruptcy they were financial institutions, that were too big to fail. Almost everything as a part of the bailout was done wrong but to say that we shouldn't have is just naive. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 06:20:53
Yup. They can influence it by making interests go up or go down. This is extremely important in creating stability in the money supply and controlling inflation. 
This article  gives a quick rundown on their methods.  
@_date: 2013-12-20 06:26:13
It's not that they lack money it's the laws/regulations surrounding giving prize money to people in 10 different countries. It even took blizzard (developer of starcraft)months to give out prize Money to people even though they had the money way before hand. 