@_author: specktech
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:38:54
I agree, but it should be noted that the graphs linked here exclude the two Chinese exchanges you are talking about, okcoin and houbi. (okcoin international is separate).
If you take their trade volume at face value, which i suggest you do not, the 24 hour trade volume is closer to 1.2 BILLION usd.
@_date: 2015-04-17 10:57:26
I would say that I would hope no one takes it personally. If you identify so closely with the community that you cannot help but to take it personally when the community is looked at critically, I would say that is probably not a healthy level of detachment.
So how should it feel for a bitcoiner that buttcoin exists? It should not feel like a criticism, implicit or explicit, of them. It is a criticism of certain aspects of a community on reddit. 
And you say that having a metareddit is bad for a community. I will tell you what is bad for a community: the type of ideological purges that drive people to a metareddit. I put it like this elsewhere in this thread:




@_date: 2015-04-17 12:24:23
My feeling is that threads like this are overwrought and way out of proportion. Buttcoin is a relatively tiny, silly sub. 
Well if you haven't visited it, go ahead and do it. It is a silly place full of silly comments, reveling in the excess and fringe lunacy that undeniably sneaks through around here. It can be quite fun, as all parody and meta subs aim to be. I would link to it, but I believe auto moderator is auto removing submissions that link it. 
I came here to try to give people insight as to why it existed, but as you have said, there is no insight greater than to exist in the community for a time, however short.
@_date: 2015-04-28 03:20:06
If so, they bought way above market by buying so fast. Buying so quickly brought the price all the way up to 270 for a minute before settling back down to 235. If they had spaced out their trades over, say a half hour, they could have had those same coins at a much lower average price point.
I suspect, instead, that a whale was trying to create a spike, and possibly some other bots got triggered as well. You will notice that there were some huge sell spikes at the same time.
It seems like very weird behavior for someone just trying to accumulate coins to keep buying at 15% above market out of impatience.
@_date: 2015-04-17 04:32:38
I think that the reason this appears to be true, is that the people on this subreddit who are the most detached from reality (and I am not saying that is a majority, but there are plenty) are most shaken by big drops. Watching after a large drop is like watching a car crash happen. (as it happens I am also a big fan of ).
 I genuinely do feel bad for people who lost something, but I stop feeling bad for people who are "all in," or overexposed which I think is an unreasonable investment strategy with any single investment, and they are the ones who panic hardest during a fall. 
You will notice if you go to buttcoin recently or even now that much of the attention is actually on paycoin and Josh Garza, and I have never seen a more fascinating fall. This is not because I am happy people lost money, but because any destruction is inherently interesting to watch unfold.
So no, I don't think many of us care much about bitcoin succeeding or failing for bitcoins sake, but watching a crash at a race is inherently more interesting to me than the race itself.
@_date: 2015-04-14 20:23:12
Fair enough. I did not realize bitstamp data started in mid September that year. Here is the full chart with Mt. Gox data.
I would say, though, that there is a very clear bear run after the bubble which the chart starts on, but that only lasts 6 months. By comparison the current run is 18.
You are linking in the year of 2012 as part of the original trend, but other than being boring, it was not bearish. The price ticked up veeeeery slowly in 2012. Not the same in 2015.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:19:59
Bitcoin is not supposed to be a type of savings either. It is supposed to be a currency.
@_date: 2015-04-17 02:48:46
I will try to give you some insight, with the caveat that while I very much enjoy buttcoin, I do not troll or spread vitriol or taunt people over here. I think that very few do, but that they are so obvious when they do that they have a big impact. I wish they would stop.
But I will give you some insight if I can to answer your question of why, and I hope that you can take it in the spirit it is offered. 
I am not fascinated by bitcoin the money or the technology, but the community. seems to straddle the line between thoughtful, well reasoned commenters, and commenters who live in a world that I do not recognize as my own. It is this almost alternate reality echo-chamber which is so interesting to watch.
is not unique in this way. Any sufficiently insular community which seems to live outside the shared reality of the other subs will breed its own parody and meta subs. There are many examples of this, the most obvious being which has like 6 meta subs, a few of which are , , and ,
Look at which is a sort of catch-all meta sub, and a hugely popular one. Would you say people come there day after day because of hate? Or as others have suggested, that people must be paid?
As far as buttcoin, many of that community were from this community, as am I, and remember that it is a very small subreddit. 
As far as hate, I think that is not one of the motivating emotions. It is only the curiosity of trying to understand those who belong to a structure and reality that does not seem to align with your own. I have no personal feelings which will be hurt if bitcoin succeeds. I will not cheer if it fails. But I will be fascinated at the reactions to either.
@_date: 2015-04-28 01:22:28
Here is the movement over the past week: 
And 2 weeks: 
Pattern for last month is more clear, but less optimistic unless you see reasons for turnaround: 
Pretty hard to pick a discernible pattern out of that. 
For a daily discussion of market movement, please see the pinned daily discussion at @_date: 2015-04-05 03:10:00
Perhaps, JUST PERHAPS,  a deflationary economy might lead to people HOLDING that money, rather than USING it as currency or investing it back into businesses or other types of investments which provide economic growth. They would only risk that money on investments which could bring the highest returns, and by their nature are the riskiest. Many would lose their shirts. 
Actually, this dream sounds kind of familiar.
@_date: 2015-04-14 19:39:24
Reality check.
[Here is the price chart for June 2011 to April 2013](
[Here is a chart of the price since Jan 2014, where I would start the current general trend.](
Even without the benefit of hindsight, if you were in the middle of either of those two charts, the trend would be obvious, and not comparable.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:55:26
He's not a buttcoin poster, check his history.
It is a valid point though, some people take it too far, past gentle teasing into actual trolling. I am not one of those people, but I think their motivation is the same is mine, curiosity to see the stirring of the anthill. They will go so far a to poke it because they lack the maturity and patience to watch. They are probably teenagers. Everyone has to be that age sometime, and on the internet we all get to babysit them. 
Other subs have plenty of them too, but bitcoin is very sensitive because many people here see them as hurting bitcoin itself. Since people here are invested, the trolls take on the added dimension of hurting the bottom line. 
This is probably unhealthy, but what is worse is when this logic is extended to ANYONE who is critical of bitcoin. You can see this with the mod you guys recently ousted for very gentle and valid criticisms.
@_date: 2015-04-28 05:19:36
There was actually more bought in the preceding 3 hours, it was just spaced far more carefully so the price didn't spike during the buys (volume is second chart, in BTC): 
I would estimate about 20k+ got transferred in the hours preceding the spike, while the 3 spikes consist of about 8k coins.
It is very easy to not let the price spike if you don't want it to.
@_date: 2015-04-17 06:52:46
Perhaps. You can scrutinize my tone if you so desire. I am here not to defend everyone in buttcoin, as I do not speak for them. I speak for myself.
I do think, though, that bitcoin is undergoing an unhealthy phase of is existence, where dissent is purged and people call for doubters to be removed. The whollyhemp debacle is a good example, but hardly the only one. This thread has many people in it asking for people who do not "support bitcoin" to be removed. That sounds like an ideological purge and I shouldn't have to say why it is dangerous.
The calls to remove the trolls are a dogwhistle for these purges, and people should be wary of them. The trolls can never be removed, they will make alts, they are motivated to return. The people who are not trolls, but also not ideologically pure and are caught in that net will actually leave though, and then who will be left? Only true believers and trolls. That is not a day to look forward to by you or I.
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:48:25
Your thread title:
"Bitcoin is too volatile." (sarcastically, implying it is not)
Your last comment:
"Bitcoin is still up several thousand percent" (over a few years)
Pick one of these thoughts. 
@_date: 2015-04-28 05:17:25
That is possible. Does not explain why the they would allow the spike though. Look at the volume on the BTCE chart over the last 6 hours: 
There were actually 2 periods of buying, the first was a much greater volume, about 20k+ coins moved, compared to teh later spikes which were only about 8k. The first no one noticed because the price baaaarely moved since the buys were spaced so carefully. The second caused the massive spike because it didn't allow times for matching trades to be found and just bought up the order book. Not a good strategy unless you intend to goose the price up.
If they intended that, it is a huge personal cost to move the overall price on all exchanges just a couple dollars. 4k coins at average 15 dollars above market is 60 thousand dollars to purchase that price shift.
@_date: 2015-04-21 21:17:49
Yes. Fine. But the topic of this self post is touting how low the volatility has been recently. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:24:06
You are totally correct and it is so frustrating to see people not understand the difference between currency and investment. The purpose of currency is to be used short term and to encourage investment, which actually drives the economy. If people store their money in stocks, products, even property that gives money to people/ businesses to produce. If they store them in dollars it does no one any favors. That is why the dollar inflates.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:59:16
I think it is disingenuous to compare to any of those subs in terms of how much pruning the need in the first place. A sub that needs very little pruning like earthporn or aww is going to be very easy to seperate out. I think more apt examples that have gone very obviously wrong in their attempts to prune are places like and The mistake they have made, and I hear some, but not all, of the members of calling for, is removing and banning people who are merely contrarian or playing devils advocate in a reasoned way or legitimately having a bad day. I would think it would be easy to not catch these people in the same net as the trolls, but when trolls start getting banned, they can make alts that imitate the above behavior to walk that line, constantly pushing up what is a bannable offense.
I do not know if any of the mods here would allow that to slowly happen, you would know much better than I, and I have heard starmaged speak against it. But it is very clear that threads like this bring out people calling for such bans of people who are bearish or doubt the providence of the blockchain.
@_date: 2015-04-17 11:35:53
This is where you and I do not track, then. I am not defensive of buttcoin as a community. I do not think I should have to be. It is a silly place which I do not take seriously, but I enjoy it all the same.
 I am here in this thread to try to offer some insight to people in the same way I feel I would want insight if I were you. These explanations, in that way, are my empathy. 


There is one, it is called I am being totally honest and open with you here when I say, that if there were people coming from there and posting how rediculous the community was, I would take that in with some thought and either A: dismiss it because what annoys them does not annoy me, or B: leave the subreddit. This exact scenario happened with which is still a toxic subreddit, and led to a mass exodus to and where I ended up I would HONESTLY not take the criticism upon myself, because I was not the reason the community was flawed. 
If your argument boils down to that the existence of this metareddit itself is hurtful to people here personally, than that is not on us. That is on you to develope thicker skin, because it is unreasonable to be hurt by such a small thing. Every other major subreddit has a meta subreddit. This has not led to the collapse of reddit.
Here is a list of just SOME of those meta subreddits, which is itself over a hundred long: 
@_date: 2015-04-17 12:01:54
Well I think we have succeeded at least at getting down to brass tacks here. So let me answer what I think is your question as directly as I can. 
How would a person who is a member of knowing buttcoin exist? ambivilant, curious, irritated.
 How would they feel after someone has trolled them here on bitcoin? annoyed. 
More annoyed than any other member of an other subreddit with a dedicated metareddit and trolls? no.
I have a feeling that perhaps your feelings do not match my  strawmen. Are my assumptions invalid?
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:17:18
Plenty of things story value without the approval of a central body. If I dig up some metal from the earth, that has value. Any commodity does. Somehow the government manages to regulate that very efficiently. 
'But' I hear you saying 'transferring real goods is not anonymous.' 
Neither is the blockchain, right? If it became a major currency, I am pretty sure the government, who managed to infiltrate TOR last year, can track bitcoin to and from its citizens.
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:40:26


[Most first and second world countries DO mandate deposit insurance]( and many are directly backed by their governments like the US. One noticeable latecomer has been China, which is due to start its deposit insurance scheme this year.
@_date: 2015-03-14 04:21:37
Oh no, the price of oil dropped? Damn, what the hell am I going to do with all of these oil drums in my crawlspace. Why isn't there a more stable currency to use than sweet crude?? Perhaps something that changed predictably at only a couple percent a year??? Why can't the government step in and cause such a currency to exist???? 
Now pardon me, I must drive my bitcoin powered car down to the capital of opposite-ville, where I apparently live.