@_author: specialradish
@_date: 2018-12-06 04:15:21
If you are going to hodl. Just wait til it drops to 800 and then buy. 800 is a very realistic projection that it will hit around January and February maybe even this month. Then it will stay at 800 for a while. 
@_date: 2018-12-03 15:58:37
Not a good time to own crypto. Exchanges need to be investigated to ensure they are selling bitcoin that they have on hand. The only fix to this is people have to spend bitcoin and/or hold it in there own personal wallets and I imagine a lot people just leave their coin on exchanges where exchanges could get away with carrying as much coin as needed to satisfy transactions while selling more than they actually have on hand. Some transparency with tether would have been nice. I doubt we will see much action with bitcoin over the years. It won't die but it is going to need a few more years of maturing. China was a huge market for bitcoin and it is gone and not coming back. The whales are going to be dumping in order to get something out of this stuff. If it goes under 3k. It goes to 800. And when this stuff went to 19k, the transaction fees were stupid which defeated the point of bitcoin in the first place. And the worst part of it is is the shit coins that have come and gone. Btrash is supported by people because bitcoin is not controlled and so they seek a way to control even if that means they have to burn their own house down to get control over it. And exchanges listing every other moronic crypto currency in existence is also bad for bitcoin. The only positive I take away from seeing bitcoin go to 800 is that btrash and other shit coins will die and that will be a good thing. Bitcoin will survive the storm while reminding everyone about the big picture.
@_date: 2018-12-07 01:00:02
China is out of the bitcoin market for this moment and maybe forever. Tether manipulation may be real. I know a lot of users depend on the irrational to make day to day life manageable. There is nothing to prop it up. Bitcoin is basically retreating to where it is actually supposed to be. It won't die and it'll never go to zero. Like all other cryptos it just doesn't have enough smart features to replace many of the current systems. 800 is coming sooner than you think. The whales are looking to bale out of this stuff before it gets much smaller.