@_author: specificlog
@_date: 2018-07-24 05:43:04
Bitcoin also allows developers to code smart-contracts and decentralized applications that benefit from a more robust environment. That also does not mean that, since the Bitcoin coding language is not as flexible, that DApps built on the Bitcoin codebase are any less interesting. The proof is Particl. It's built on the latest Bitcoin codebase, so it's in its essence, a true Bitcoin-based coin. It focuses on decentralized applications and privacy and is 100% open-source AND compatible with Bitcoin. Particl working on their first decentralized application which is a full-blown privacy-focused (actually, private-**by-design**) decentralized marketplace currently live on testnet. It's designed to accept almost any coin through atomic swaps/integrated third-parties and works using RingCT, the privacy protocol made popular by Monero. Note that it is the first time ever a project brings the RingCT privacy protocol on top of Bitcoin. They've also released a smart-contract that transforms their PoS algorithm into a cold staking algorithm, using ONLY smart-contracts as available to code on Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-07-19 17:28:15
"Particl Project has just received a copy of Professor Qiang’s paper on Particl’s Ring Confidential Transactions and are reviewing it in-house and with his research team. Ultimately Prof. Qiang has asked if they can submit the paper as an academic research paper for review among trade publications and peers. The team would fully support a submission after proper dialog between both teams is completed.  They engaged WSA for a RingCT code audit and got word that the review is done and only 4 minor issues were found, nothing major or critical! The WSA team hinted that the report would be delivered this week so we’ll keep everyone in the loop. ... Particl isn’t out to unseed Bitcoin as the one and only digital currency or Amazon as the only place to buy stuff online. The team has deep roots in privacy, security and technology and we are building a decentralized alternative — a choice — that has these roots deeply embedded in its DNA. ... Leveraging technology to build privacy-focused decentralized applications sparks all our team to make products that are simple, clean and enjoyable to use. We’ve only been at this for 1 year but the results so far have shown us that the tech does make sense for our privacy platform and the tools we’re creating are easy to use and understand — leading to future mainstream adoption." Paul Schmitzer, ref.: [
@_date: 2018-07-24 19:03:13
[