@_author: spectreoutreach
@_date: 2019-03-01 04:28:16
someone just snap my favorite spot
@_date: 2019-03-03 08:49:33
i think human smuggling syndicate is going to back in business . This time they take bitcoin too    
@_date: 2019-08-26 04:05:45
He is last person on Earth that could understand about bitcoin To truly understand it requires a bit of effort as it is complicated. None of the concepts are difficult, there are just many details that require prerequisite knowledge of hi-tech computers , networking, cryptography, etc.It would be like trying to explain to your great grand father, who has no concept of the internet, how a tiny computer like your phone, seemingly can answer any question about anything.I would go so far as to say no one who is reasonably intelligent and that truly understands the functionality of blockchain and bitcoin could be “against” it. I could go on and explain about Tael ( [ &amp; other great ICO project that could benefit the society in long run but I doubt he could understand it. If Bitcoin became the national currency, they suddenly wouldn’t be able to create a trillion Bitcoin to pay for their pork belly programs. Hence why government and banks hate the idea of Bitcoin.They wouldn’t have a problem with Bitcoin if they were able to create it out of thin air as they do with fiat currencies.
@_date: 2019-08-19 12:22:34
Cool tattoo ��
@_date: 2019-08-22 05:17:40
Well. He is right.  Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are not going away any time soon. From what I am seeing right now, I can tell you that there is a lot happening and there are some very big plans being laid and some wonderful projects in development like   I’m seeing project for example like Tael (Formerly Wabi) which are small in cap but probably top-10 in actual user adoption and I hope they achieve their goal . With added regulation, institutional investors will be able to breathe easier and have less anxiety about the uncertainty of the cryptocurrency market.In fact, more investors are seeing cryptocurrencies as a viable asset because of their attractive returns and remember December 2017 , bitcoin almost hit 20 k mark . Even Venezuelan are ditching their boliver due to  hyperinflation, to keep something of value for themselves
@_date: 2019-08-19 11:22:04
Awesome graph
@_date: 2019-08-29 05:49:09
A basic investment strategy advises you to “buy the dips.” But this does not mean that you invest in a crypto asset while its price graph goes down consistently. However, you should only consider investing in an asset when the graph settles for a while. Further, this strategy is a foolproof one when used in a bull or stagnant market, where the usual trend is up. The scenario changes in a bear market where the general trend is down.
Studying charts, identifying historical support levels, paying attention to both short as well as long-term averages on different time scales, and laddering buys. Irrespective of your level of skill, the concept is generally the same. Whether you are buying BTC or token like Tael . You must use a little counter-intuitive logic and defeat some emotions in decision-making.
@_date: 2019-08-20 10:46:14
Sure here is the link- [
@_date: 2019-08-19 11:23:19
Hold !
@_date: 2019-08-27 02:24:55
China does the same thing, central banks are getting nervous, as well they should, they are the real scams in the world of finance where so project like Tael ( [ managed to coexist under the law.  So I expect more attacks, and we are already seeing this emerge where banks are making it more difficult to purchase cryptocurrencies. They are trying to, just as they want to regulate everything, and when they can’t, as in the case of Bitcoin, then they will launch a scathing campaign that attacks companies . US government can ban people from mining bitcoin or ban businesses/people from accepting bitcoin. It could use law enforcement to monitor individual downloads of software wallets. It can ban manufacture or sale of hardware wallets. It can ban banks from processing transactions with cryptocurrency exchanges. It can regulate people’s actions, but cannot regulate bitcoin itself.
@_date: 2019-08-30 05:52:48
going in with full speed
@_date: 2019-08-30 05:44:08
Hi , Do you just focus on bitcoin only?
@_date: 2019-08-27 02:11:16
“When Bitcoin was $16k, people said I wish I bought in at $7k. When Bitcoin dropped back to $7k those same people didn’t buy any.”The crypto-world is full of moonlambo talk, “When moon?”, “When lambo?”. That is always the usual talk when I go online If Bitcoin hits 100k, that's great! However, how do you get your real actual money out of Bitcoin? You sell it like other interesting crypto like Tael in the exchange .Will you be the one to buy the $100k Bitcoin so other people can spend their winnings? Remember, Bitcoin doesn't pay dividends. You only get real money if someone is willing to buy them from you. Well, Time for me to hit the exchange right now . I got some decent profit to make today.
@_date: 2019-08-23 04:47:05
interesting statement
@_date: 2019-08-20 10:13:00
Rakuten was in crypto headlines for some time now, and with the launch announcement, the platform gathers significant interest from the worldwide crypto community. While the plan to launch a crypto exchange made public during April this year . I more surprised that it doesn’t charge fees for its services including, opening or managing an account, purchasing or selling crypto asses or depositing money but there’s going to be a small withdraw fees of course .
This 2nd news I heard about Rakutan in my timeline . The 1st one is regarding selling **Rakuten** products on the **Tael** ecosystem: **Techrock**.(beside JD.com &amp; Koala) which is based In China  .Well, I’m eager to purchase their certified original product on the platform and earn some loyalty point at same time .
@_date: 2019-08-19 06:13:05
They were caught faking profiles on their first white paper, and are an ICO ( initial coin offering) with a MLM funding scheme. Multi-level marketing of an ico is not likely even lawful in most states. ICO in its current form is so uncontrolled I would guess about 98% of them are likely to fail.
Put your money in a safer crypto-currency. Stay far away from mlm plans  
Or at at lest put them on tried &amp; tested like Tael ( formerly Wabi) where d**ue to 11k consumers and doubling every 1-2 month is promising real adoption, loyalty points or tokens used in marketplaces may not be directly traded on an exchange.** This is to prevent potential capital flowing out of China unsupervised and unregulated. In order to comply with these rules &amp; regulations,for legal reasons, created **a loyalty point which is 1:1 connected with the Tael token**.
@_date: 2019-02-07 01:12:53
Right friend here is the[website]( itself  . I'm intrigued at its white paper plan that aimed at meeting the challenges in the African medical and healthcare sector, leveraging on blockchain technology in providing the following services across the continent: addressing claims adjudication, access to medical records, book an ambulance, schedule a doctor’s appointment and eliminating potential reimbursement disagreements between parties involved in providing healthcare services to the African population.
@_date: 2019-02-03 00:36:18
I have something better . the website-  [ 
@_date: 2019-02-02 00:48:32
its here buddy ,  [  
@_date: 2019-02-13 01:12:35
i agreed with that statement
@_date: 2019-02-02 00:36:00
OP, Lack of economic infrastructure paired with inadequate financial education has left a large portion of Africans without bank accounts or basic monetary means. However, in many countries the proliferation of smartphones has allowed access to alternative financial services which have become a dominant means of payment, especially among the high proportion of millennials.
Bitcoin’s appeal is in large part due to its accessibility and inclusivity, but the trust-free component of using cryptocurrencies also resolves the long standing issue of Africans’ distrust of banks on online payment platforms. However with the rise of mobile phone . Things are changing . I even spotted a ICO like AfriHealth which plan to introduce a mobile app you can search and compare insurance quotes across HMOs instantly plus finding and purchase a plan that suits their health insurance needs, purchase medicine and etc.
@_date: 2019-02-16 09:25:06
just matter of time 
@_date: 2019-02-07 00:45:08
He is right. Thank to bitcoin,  I could invest in a ICO typically involves selling a new digital currency at a discount — or a “token” — as part of a way for a company to raise money. If that cryptocurrency succeeds and appreciates in value — often based on speculation, just as stocks do in the public market — the investor has made a profit.
Unlike in the stock market, though, the token does not confer any ownership rights in the tech company, or entitle the owner to any sort of cash flows like dividends. Although Investing in a digital currency is extremely high-risk — more so than traditional startup investing — but is motivated largely by the explosive growth in the value of bitcoins. From example I could invest in AfriHealth  which aims to provide superior medical solutions to the African continent, ultimately building a more efficient medical care ecosystem using smartphone app  
@_date: 2019-02-03 00:25:20
OP, Another way that cryptocurrency can help developing nations is by making it easier for immigrants to send money to people bank home.
Residents of developed nations, mostly immigrants, send around $26 billion a year in remittances to friends and family in developing countries, FocusEconomics estimated. Too much of that money is wasted because the process is expensive and cumbersome.
A Nigerian in London that wants to send money to his mother back home might have to go to a money-transfer shop. There he has to pay several pounds for a transfer. To receive it his mom, might have to walk to a wire-transfer store, and pick up the money in cash. Both the money-transfer shops; and the network that connects them, will charge fees for the transfer which can raise the price.
That can put the mother in danger because she can be robbed on the way back. Criminals; knowing that people leaving the wire-transfer office have cash, might be waiting outside.
To make matters, worse the son in London; has no means of sending money to his mother fast in an emergency. If the mother cannot walk to the wire-transfer office she cannot get the money. That means funds might not be available if she were sick, or injured.
Companies like Coins.ph are trying to change by building systems designed to allow people to send cryptocurrency anywhere in the world via the blockchain, *Forbes*[reported](
Heck bitcoin contribute to rise of Health based ico for example
@_date: 2019-02-04 01:04:08
OP , man i know this is really a  good deal sometimes but this so awesome  and you won't need to break your piggy bank to pay your phone bill .Beside BTC m does it accept LTC, ETH or even dogecoin OP? If only it allow buy medical insurance  &amp; medicine on line too . That would be great  ......
@_date: 2019-02-04 01:16:58
this is the website i think-   [ 
@_date: 2019-02-02 01:29:29
Okay i prefer millennium falcon 
@_date: 2019-04-12 04:49:25
Well ,  bitcoin exchange in Singapore reported on January 3 that on New Year’s Day their data center experienced a “fire.” Fears of an exit scam began to mount. According to them, this fire results in 7% of users losing access to their accounts. The events coincided with the first annual [Proof of Keys]( event. BiteBTC.com [wrote]( on January 3:














@_date: 2019-04-28 02:38:29
Despite the claims by Wright and others, **no one has provided evidence to prove** that they are Satoshi. The Bitcoin creator currently holds 1 million BTC and the coins haven’t been moved in over a decade. Moving those Bitcoins and providing the private keys unique to Satoshi would reveal the identity of the Bitcoin creator.
McAfee told Bloomberg that Craig Wright is not the person he spoke with. Thus, discarding Wright’s Satoshi claim. McAfee added that he had spent his entire life tracking people who are very good at hiding their identity. McAfee claims that tracing the real Satoshi was an easy task until he decided is not worth the risk. For me , I will buy that guy a beer anytime . If not for him , with blockchain it means that gaming players like me can play without having to register any of their personal details and can stay completely anonymous. All that is required is a deposit amount sending to a unique address and for withdrawals, I just needs to enter my BTC address and Viola all hard earn winning from vegascasino is inside my hardware wallet ready to exchange to fiat.
@_date: 2019-04-12 00:26:31
Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency created in 2009. Marketplaces called “bitcoinexchanges” allow people to buy or sell bitcoins using different currencies. Bitcoinis a new currency that was created in 2009 by an unknown person using the alias Satoshi Nakamoto. Transactions are made with no middle men – meaning, nobanks! Heck i play at gaming[ site]( on regular basic using btc and i don't recall using bank for this
@_date: 2019-04-14 08:20:55
Compared to credit cards Innisfil says paying property taxes using bitcoin will be cheaper. This is because the processing fee will be 0.5% compared to credit cards which charge an average of 1.75%. Innisfil has partnered with Canadian fintech firm Coinberry Pay in this effort.
Per Innisfil’s Mayor Lynn Dollin, the move is an indication that the town is ‘truly a future-ready and innovative community’. A staff report by the town says as much:


Since bitcoin is working well for my favorite  gaming [sites](  .It should work
@_date: 2019-04-22 01:13:51
that is nice OP
@_date: 2019-04-13 08:23:00
Well , Vietnamese authorities have not taken a final decision on cryptocurrencies yet. The country’s central bank has clearly stated that it does not recognize them as legal tender. In July, the bank said it’s not involved in any efforts to manage the circulation of bitcoin in Vietnam and warned that virtual coins cannot be used for payments. In July, the Vietnamese securities regulator told companies and investment funds to stay away from cryptocurrencies. Prime Minister ordered relevant agencies to draft a legal framework for cryptocurrencies and the industry built around them . Only time will  tell if bitcoin will grow in vietnam .I have a feeling despite heavy handed law , it will continue to grow like [gaming]( industry without any bound &amp; restrication .
@_date: 2019-04-24 02:15:57
The buying and holding strategy are not complex; it is exactly what you think it is. Regardless of the market, you are buying and holding cryptos to maintain an investment. Following this approach, the trader will be looking at a long-term return and will ignore short- and medium-term market movements.
There are crypto investors and traders who never shake despite the “bleeding” in the markets but later win. An excellent example is those people who kept their investment amidst the 2013 Bitcoin incident. It means that HODLing has led them to an amazing investment decision. They are now celebrating as they have garnered a huge financial reward. The catch is finding trusted online exchange that even  where anyone can walk in that is very secure, trustworthy and friendly . The only closest that I find is [Bittreo]( has been running its highly successful retail venue in Vancouver, generating a whopping $20 million in 2018 alone. Plus its Bittreo’s online exchanges that is offering a referral commission of 30 percent of their trading fees for the person that is referred for the lifetime they trade on Bittreo’s platform
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:23:50
Well, A cryptocurrency (or crypto currency) is a digital asset designed to work as a medium of exchange that uses strong cryptography to secure financial transactions, control the creation of additional units, and verify the transfer of assets.
@_date: 2019-04-13 00:22:43
Hope everyone managed to their crypto out. Just look at some of the review, BiteBTC exchange is a unique place: from its data, it seems the exchange handles hundereds of millions in daily volume, denominated in US Dollars, and provides a liquid home to a large amount of coins. A closer look unfortunately reveals an exchange that inflates its volume metrics using wash trading, accused consistently of not honoring users’ fund withdrawal requests – allegedly stealing from them, having a seemingly non-existant team untraceable in the real world and a frustrating website, which rarely works in a user friendly way and does not even allow the user to open a support ticket, or – in the worst case we’ve seen – when a user wishes to disable its two-factor authentication, they simply click the button that says “”disable 2FA”” – and it is disabled, no questions asked – this is an extremely alarming vulnerability, easily exploitable by every amateur attacker.  I think my favorite [gaming ]( has better security feature than this exchange site.
@_date: 2019-08-22 05:10:28
Rakuten has been experimenting with Cryptocurrency for quite some time for but with the launch of the wallet exchange service, Users are now able to buy, sell, and exchange [BTC]( [BCH]( and [ETH]( as well as utilize fiat off to their personal bank accounts . Beside this news  they also sign a partnership agreement with Tael to sell original Japanese product at Techrock platform  ( [ ) . Furthermore, their press release stated beside the exchange , it plan to release the crypto trading app  features a multisig-based “cold wallet” for user funds, and “There are no fees for opening or managing an account, purchasing or selling crypto assets, or depositing money,” Look like they plan everything out in advance.
@_date: 2019-04-14 04:42:53
Starting in April, Innisfil residents will be able to pay taxes with Bitcoin through a digital wallet operated by Coinberry Pay, which will convert the cryptocurrency to Canadian funds and transfer the payment to the town.Mayor Lynn Dollin says Innisfil is signalling to the world that it's an innovative community that's ready for the future.
Innisfil also provides a tax-subsidized Uber ride-hailing service as an alternative to conventional public transit.Other forms of cryptocurrency may follow, such as Ethereum, Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash and Ripple.
The town's experiment is being launched amid controversy about the risks of using cryptocurrency which, unlike conventional currency, isn't backed by any government or central bank.
@_date: 2019-04-28 02:07:35
 John McAfee, who is currently in the Bahamas, told Bloomberg that he knows the identity of the real Satoshi Nakamoto, the creator of Bitcoin. During the interview, the software expert stated that he spoke with Satoshi, who is not happy about his attempts to reveal his identity.
McAfee added that he would expose Satoshi’s identity within a week. However, he backed off the plan on Tuesday after consultation with his lawyer. According to his tweet, the lawyer advised him that revealing the true identity of Satoshi at this time could affect his trial and risk his extradition to the US. He doesn’t want to risk that, so he will wait before making any revelations...... So much for that big surprise that we are waiting for
@_date: 2019-04-13 04:38:10
Several coffee shops and restaurants in the city have been accepting Bitcoin as payment so the municipal administration has agreed to cooperate with the central bank to deal with these violations, Minh told a meeting with the central bank’s deputy governor Dao Minh Tu.
“We have also asked the city’s police department to work with us.”
The heaviest punishment for using cryptocurrencies in Vietnam is a fine of VND200 million ($8,800).
However, *VnExpress* found a restaurant in District 1 that allows customers to pay for their drinks and pizzas using Bitcoin.
A staff there said customers only need a Bitcoin code to pay for their meals, adding that this method is more beneficial for the restaurant because Bitcoin payments do not appear on tax declarations.
Prices at the restaurant follow the current value of Bitcoin on the world market, which was $16,500 on Wednesday. (Note: this is way back at 2017)
@_date: 2019-04-21 01:18:43
this look awesome OP
@_date: 2019-04-24 01:48:25
 To those investors who believe in the disruptive power of blockchain and consequently, cryptocurrencies, *HODL* is the *best* trading *strategy* since there would be long-term benefits from holding the coin which would lead to the general acceptance of cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2019-01-26 00:34:12
Well , vegascasino.io provide free practice mode so i don't need to deposit btc if i  don't want 
@_date: 2019-01-24 00:17:06
Sorry friend it against forum rule but  you can google up VegasCasino.io at any browser  and use the link there
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:12:10
This is one interesting piece of info .Op . I was wondering when will Bitcoin debit card will appear back 
@_date: 2019-01-11 07:08:21
It's mine now TS 
@_date: 2019-01-19 00:00:50
OP There are a few different options to choose from if you want to use your PayPal account to buy cryptocurrency:
**Peer-to-peer marketplaces.** The first option is to buy crypto through a peer-to-peer marketplace, 	such as LocalBitcoins or Paxful. These exchanges allow buyers and sellers to trade directly with one 	another, giving the seller the freedom to set their own exchange 	rate and accepted payment methods. Some sellers accept PayPal, and you can filter your search of available deals on the marketplace by 	payment method to help find a suitable seller.  
 **Cryptocurrency exchanges.** Most exchanges don’t accept PayPal payments; however, you can use 	the VirWox platform to exchange fiat currency for SLL (Second Life Linden Dollars), which 	you can then use to acquire bitcoin.  
**Peer-to-peer lending platforms.** xCoins is 	a peer-to-peer lending platform for bitcoin lenders and borrowers. 	It accepts PayPal as a payment method for people wanting to access a 	“secured loan” of bitcoin.  
Pros and cons of buying crypto with PayPal
 Pros
If you already have a PayPal account, payment is quick and convenient
Safe and secure payment method
Allows you to buy crypto with your country currencies  
 Cons
Very high fees substantially increase the cost of the transaction  
 If the platform doesn’t accept your local currency, currency conversion fees apply  
Limited 	number of platforms support PayPal  
 
It’s possible to buy cryptocurrency with PayPal, but should you? The high fees involved and shortage of platforms that accept PayPal payments means that there are other more cost-effective and convenient options available.
For example, rather than funding your PayPal account from your credit card and then using that balance to buy crypto, you could use a platform that allows you to buy crypto directly with your credit card. For me , I rather use exchanges like Luno by bank in my deposit then receive the bitcoin directly before I continue with my usual activites at vegascasino.io . Hope this helps  
@_date: 2019-01-09 12:22:20
I rather trust up to date chart OP
@_date: 2019-01-09 04:36:44
More KYC procedure
@_date: 2019-01-09 12:33:23
Hope the cops will save her in time
@_date: 2019-01-09 10:34:33
I like it op 
@_date: 2019-01-06 01:15:36
I like the signage 
@_date: 2019-01-09 01:41:12
This is awesome news
@_date: 2019-01-25 23:43:41
this look nice OP . How much those it cost you ?
@_date: 2019-01-23 01:53:06
Yeap every scammer and robber waiting to rob you
@_date: 2019-01-10 01:00:41
OP , you can start with:-
1.The Ledger Nano S is one of the most-popular hardware wallets on the market. This wallet supports Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Dash, Dogecoin, Neo, and Zcash in addition to a large and growing number of lesser-known altcoins. All transactions with the Ledger Nano S require the manual input of a four-digit PIN code via the hardware buttons and the device is malware-proof, making it very secure against hacking.
2. The Ledger Blue features all of the security of the Ledger Nano S but is much more user-friendly due to its built-in color touchscreen which can be used to open and use apps on the device itself. Managing transactions is much easier and faster on the Ledger Blue than the Ledger Nano S. The setup process has also been streamlined due to the touchscreen navigation.
The Ledger Blue is a good hardware wallet option for those who aren't particularly tech savvy or who have less-than-perfect eyesight.
3.Ledger's range of hardware wallets may be number one but the Trezor is a very 	close second. The Trezor hardware wallet supports Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Dash, Dogecoin, Zcash, and several others while also allowing for integration with 	third-party software wallet ups like Electrum and Copay.Transactions made with the Trezor wallet require confirmation via the device's 	hardware buttons and there is also added support for 2-factor 	authentication for an extra layer of security.
4. Exodus is a free software wallet that runs on both Windows and Mac computers. It supports one of the largest collections of cryptocurrencies and features a clean, easy-to-understand visual design that clearly lists transactions and a user's entire crypto portfolio.
One of the best features of Exodus is its built-in ShapeShift feature which allows users to convert one cryptocurrency into another with the push of a button and without leaving the program. This is one of 	the easiest ways to buy cryptocoins not supported by services like Coinbase. Want to buy some Dash? Simply exchange some Bitcoin for it within Exodus.
5 f you’re looking for a mobile wallet that’s fast, easy to use, and supports a wide variety of altcoins, the Coinomi wallet is worth consideration. With Coinomi, you can start storing bitcoin, ether and other digital assets on your Android phone with just a few clicks. Basically I use to exchange my bitcoin winning from vegascasino.io  then change it to alt-coin like ETH before sending to other my other bitcoin+ altcoin casino account  without going thru a exchange
For now, me i’m using Ledger Nano S + Coinomi wallet combo for more flexibility &amp; security.
@_date: 2019-01-23 01:16:34
From my point of view **Unreasonably high card fees continue to be borne by retailers and ultimately by consumers. Merchants are paying billions of dollars to have issuers process their debit and credit card transactions. The high transaction fees issuers charge retailers is despite the 42 percent cost reduction card issuers have achieved over the past five years. Another issue afflicting retailers is the high cost of upgrading their payment terminals.**
**These new terminals enable retailers to accept debit and credit cards with new security chips. Retailers complain that they have had to spend billions to upgrade their payment terminals. Ironically, the new credit cards with security chips are no more secure, because they do not require a PIN. Fortunately, innovations driven by Bitcoin and its underlying blockchain technology can help to reduce card processing costs and bank fees, while providing more security and faster payment speed.**
**That why is stick I prefer bitcoin based casino like VegasCasino.io and etc compared to normal casino . I can avoid this problem directly**
@_date: 2019-01-21 00:08:06
Op , in August 2008, the domain name bitcoin.org was quietly registered online. Two months later, a paper entitled ‘Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System’ was passed around a cryptography mailing list.
The paper is the first instance of the mysterious figure, Satoshi Nakamoto’s appearance on the web, and permanently links the name “Satoshi Nakamoto” to the cryptocurrency.Bitcoin runs through an autonomous software program that is ‘mined’ by people seeking bitcoin in a lottery-based system. Over the course of the next 20 years, a total of 21 million coins will be released.  
Among Bitcoin’s earliest enthusiasts was Hal Finney, a console game developer and an early member of the “cypherpunk movement” who discovered Nakamoto’s proposal for Bitcoin through the cryptocurrency mailing list.In a blog post from 2013, Finney says he was fascinated by the idea of a decentralized online currency. When Nakamoto announced the software’s release, Finney offered to mine the first coins – 10 original bitcoins from block 70, which Satoshi sent over as a test.Of his interactions with Nakamoto, Finney says, “I thought I was dealing with a young man of Japanese ancestry who was very smart and sincere. I’ve had the good fortune to know many brilliant people over the course of my life, so I recognize the signs.”
in 2014, Finney died of the neuro-degenerative disease ALS. In one of his [final posts on a Bitcoin forum]( he said Satoshi Nakamoto’s true identity still remained a mystery to him. Finney says he was proud of his legacy involving Bitcoin, and that his cache of bitcoins were stored in an offline wallet, left as part of an inheritance to his family.
“Hopefully, they’ll be worth something to my heirs,” he wrote.
That’s the short version .Thanks to  Satoshi Nakamoto. I am able to play poker , blackjack, slot at vegascasino.io &amp; other casino using bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:06:52
Got a lot similar message from so called *admin *
@_date: 2019-01-22 00:24:58
OP,  Both the Trezor and the Ledger work very well as cold storage wallets, and both can be used to send and receive coins. They also include the ability to monitor on-screen transactions and to view all of your transaction and operation history. In this way they are equal.
They are not equal when it comes to their software, with the Trezor having an edge in usability and features, including the ability to synch with a DropBox account. The Trezor also gives you the ability to create an unlimited number of hidden accounts, and has a password directory that can be accessed easily by the owner. There is no comparable functionality with the Ledger.
Both the Ledger and the Trezor can store hundreds of different coins, although the Ledger does have support for more than the Trezor. Offsetting that is the fact that you can only store a maximum of 18 different cryptocurrencies at one time on the Ledger. If you have a specific coin you’d like to hold in your hardware wallet you should definitely check the lists of supported coins to see if yours is supported.
 Some will certainly prefer the familiar USB drive look of the Ledger, while others will appreciate the larger screen and buttons on the Trezor. The most important point is that you get a hardware wallet that keeps your cryptocurrencies safe in my case , my bitcoin winning from VegasCasino.io 
@_date: 2019-01-11 01:05:19
this space belong to bitcoin 
@_date: 2019-01-20 01:00:05
OP, Here is my recommendation if you are an android user :-  
My favorite wallet, Coinomi is a popular lightweight multi-coin HD wallet for Bitcoin and other altcoins. It allows you to control your private keys and supports a maximum number of cryptocurrencies right now in the market. They have support for 86 supported crypto coins and 214 tokens as of now which is always increasing with time. It now supports 507 crypto assets as of now and virtually thousands of ERC20 tokens.
Some of the features of this wallet are:-
Seed phrase backup and restore.  
 PIN code protection  
 Paper wallet sweep feature.  
 QR 	code support  
 
Edge Wallet is another Bitcoin wallet by Airbitz company.
AirBitz was one of the pioneer crypto and Bitcoin wallet that broke out in 2014.
But this wallet doesn’t give your seed words but it doesn’t mean that they are a custodial wallet. Instead, they give you the password which kind of breaks down you seed in the background.
Edge also supports BCH, ETH, LTC, DASH, etc and is a segwit enabled wallet which makes it a good to go option for Android users.
Electrum is a lightweight Bitcoin wallet developed by the Bitcoin community in early 2011. It is one of the oldest and most trusted wallets in the Bitcoin space. It is an open source project released under an MIT license.
It is also an active wallet to perform segwit enabled transactions for its users. Plus, you get seed and PIN for the custody of your funds.
Apart from that, it is both – a desktop and **a mobile wallet** – which allows its users to customize Bitcoin transaction fees both in desktop and mobile versions of the wallet.
OP, It’s your responsibility to ensure your Android device is free of malware. Make sure you haven’t installed pirated apps or get-rich-quick-scheme kinds of apps from untrusted developers.. So don’t install new wallets without reading about them from a trusted source. So far I haven’t encounter any problem when using Coinomi when I need exchange my bitcoin winnings from VegasCasino.io to alt coin. **REMEMBER - Seed phrase backup and restore is VERY IMPORTANT**
You might also buy hardware wallet like ledger nano S directly too  
@_date: 2019-01-25 00:43:57
Congratulation to ABN Ambro bank but I still prefer Hardware **Bitcoin wallets** **because it**  offer the most security out of any other storage method due to them having multiple lines of defense.
These include:
PIN Codes that must be entered in person  
Backup phrases used to recover private keys from a lost, stolen or broken 	wallet  
 Offline 	storage. If done correctly, hardware wallets can be set up without 	ever exposing them to the outside world.  
 Example The Ledger Nano S is made in a way that ensures that all sensitive actions are done inside the protected component integrated on the microchip. This means that your private keys are never held or seen by Ledger or outside world, as long as they are solidly sealed inside the user’s device.  I can sleep soundly at night my hard earn casino winning from VegasCasino.io is safe and sound.  If i am customer  there , perhaps i consider it a additional exchange  to sell/buy bitcoin  or other type of coin if available 
@_date: 2019-01-21 00:01:25
OP , Bitcoin, like other crypto coins, is extremely volatile and the value of the currency remains unpredictable. News and seemingly unrelated events affect its price greatly, sometimes positively, sometimes negatively. However, if you’d like to take the plunge and get some bitcoin, here are two ways to do that:
**Get paid in BTC**The fastest way to grow your wallet – bitcoin or otherwise – is to start getting paid with bitcoin. If you have an online shop, add a “pay with bitcoin” button to your shopping cart. As an online service provider, you might consider asking your clients whether they’d like to use bitcoin for payment. However, if you have a brick and mortar shop, you could print out your bitcoin wallet’s address QR code and stick it next to the checkout so people will be able to scan it and send you bitcoin instantly. And if you’re an employee, why not ask your employers if they’d be interested in paying your salary in bitcoin instead of fiat?
**Buy bitcoin**You can also buy bitcoin and hope that your wallet grows on its own.
When it comes to purchasing bitcoin, keep in mind that past performance is not always an indicator of future performance, and with cryptocurrencies still in their infancy large dips in value do occur. (paxful , atm bitcoin ( use bitcoin atm app to locate one near you)
How to get bitcoin
Sending and receiving bitcoin is a simple process as long as you’ve set up two things:
**An	account on a digital currency exchange.** There are many currency exchanges available online from which you can purchase bitcoin. After you’ve created an account and 	exchanged some fiat currency for bitcoin, the next step is to set up a wallet.   I prefer to use LUNO or localbitcoin.com**A bitcoin wallet.** Again, there are many wallets you can use for bitcoin, and your best bet to 	choose one that fits your needs . Once you’re all set up 	you’re ready to start paying for products or services. Simply 	follow the instructions for your wallet of choice and you’ll be 	trading bitcoin in no time.(coinomi wallet from google play) .When I started 3 years ago I only got Trevon James  video to guide me at 1st  before slowly investing in ICO then later using bitcoin for my usual Blackjack session at Vegascasino.io . Best of luck OP
@_date: 2019-01-22 20:00:47
Hmm interesting idea about buying 2 cold wallet .. Usually folk like me would just buy 1 . What would I recommend getting trezor since you are keen on it and learn how it work before moving on  . There's no right or wrong but security take priority above else so keep your private key secure 
@_date: 2019-01-20 09:40:13
indeed without the coinomi wallet plus ledger Nano S i don't think can store my bitcoin winning from [vegascasino.io]( without worry getting stolen by someone 
@_date: 2019-01-09 20:45:40
This guy is hero
@_date: 2019-01-04 00:52:07
A big giant thumb up
@_date: 2019-01-09 05:28:09
@_date: 2019-01-25 23:40:46
My experience was  2 year ago when i try to purchase bitcoin for bitcoin based casino site, VegasCasino.io . Since I was newbie , I approach the customer service officer and she show the entire process in few minutes.  It’s really easy to buy Bitcoin or get cash from the machine, all you need is your Bitcoin wallet with you on your mobile device. It almost has the same steps as a regular ATM; just click on “I want Bitcoin” or “I want cash” when you begin. Then, if you want to buy Bitcoin, simply scan the QR code on your Bitcoin wallet, insert the amount of cash for the Bitcoin you want and wait for the notification. If you are getting cash from the machine, choose the amount of cash you want, scan your Bitcoin wallet’s QR code and simply wait for the machine to dispense your money.(There a limitation on amount of money for withdrawal)  How simple is that?Once done i head home and deposit my freshly bought btc into my vegascasino.io account and ready for my 1st blackjack match.
@_date: 2019-01-11 00:47:52
OP  if you wanted a more data-driven guy, someone with a more funny streak, or whatever else you fancy; this list has something for everyone :-
1. DATA DASH
Data Dash seems to be the undisputed Youtube Crypto king. Nicholas Merten, the face behind the channel, is a data analyst turned crypto trader. He is extremely knowledgeable and provides in our opinion, unbiased analysis. He does a great job explaining flow charts so you can make educated decisions on your cryptocurrency plays. He cranks out a video 5 times a week and does a mix of information, data livestreams, and interviews. We also love how transparent he is, in his hope for a decentralized economy free of monetary policies.  
2. CRYPTO LARK
Crypto Lark seems to have teletransported through time. It’s like he came out from a 70’s movie, in a good way.  He provides great insights on different Alt Coins, Mining, and Interviews. Our favorite video is his price prediction videos. He calls out the BS from “gurus” giving price prediction. He provides some great insights on how to proceed with your trading, goals you should put in place, etc… Plus, he is all about piling up Bitcoins.  
3. CRYPTO DAILY
If you love sarcasm, Crypto Daily is your dude. Funny guy, who brings a twist to cryptocurrency news. He also provide time-stamps to all his videos so you can skip to what interests you (how genius is that?).  Plus, in our opinion, he provides the best crypto music videos on Youtube. 
4. SUPPOMAN
Another one on the list is Suppoman. He has a Udemy Course which he pushes pretty heavily on his channel. But if you can get pass that, he does a great job breaking down the news and provides simple ways to get started.  He also goes through different Alt Coins positive and negatives reviews so you can make educated decisions on your investment plays.
5. CRYPTO NEWS
Did Crypto News get a Bitcoin tattoo? That’s a good look. Crypto News is hosted by Matthew Beasley and provides a show Monday through Friday. He originally created the channel to help people invest in Ripple during the early Ripple boom. He now extended the channel and provides interactive interviews where he gives his audience full access to his guests. Pretty solid!
Just type the title on Youtube on search engine and the channel will pops up . I remember watching tons of their video before I joining crytopocurrency bandwagon and later  jumping into to bitcoin casino like Vegacasino.io and the rest  .  
@_date: 2019-01-19 00:27:03
of course , i always pay with other type of coin , bitcoin is for homes or high value stuff
@_date: 2019-01-09 07:17:21
You can ask for quotation if the company operated ATM inside their shop 
@_date: 2019-01-09 07:17:55
That's is good news for me
@_date: 2019-01-10 01:20:31
Don't  worry too much OP just hold 
@_date: 2019-01-08 01:06:45
A simple light will do OP 
@_date: 2019-01-21 00:29:23
sure friend this is the site, [vegascasino.io/](
@_date: 2019-01-25 01:02:06
this is interesting 
@_date: 2019-01-23 01:21:39
this is the link buddy - vegascasino.io
@_date: 2019-01-30 01:28:21
at lest he being honest 
@_date: 2019-01-23 01:13:38
sure buddy here this is  vegascasino.io
@_date: 2019-01-21 00:31:37
sure this is the one , [vegascasino.io](
@_date: 2019-01-08 11:32:03
This is so hilarious like Bitcoin should be dead by now
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:07:50
Time to move to other bank op
@_date: 2019-01-25 00:55:45
Well vegascasino.io does provide huge bonus &amp; free practice mode , buddy
@_date: 2019-01-28 08:29:47
This is interesting fact
@_date: 2019-01-24 00:06:46
There are people who try and tell you that Bitcoin is not about incentives or economics. The structure of Bitcoin is one that allows competition to determine a stable monetary system. Miners (nodes) have ***skin in the game***unlike developers, and thus, are in competition for the block reward and transaction fees. The result is they will seek to maintain the protocol and not to debase and alter the currency.
Bitcoin is pseudonymous as it is about honest money. Private has to be traceable. It is not drug money, it is not money for bucket shops and it is not money for crime.
The root problem with conventional currency is all the trust that’s required to make it work. **The central bank must be trusted not to debase the currency, but the history of fiat currencies is full of breaches of that trust**. Banks must be trusted to hold our money and transfer it electronically, but they lend it out in waves of credit bubbles with barely a fraction in reserve. We have to trust them with our privacy, trust them not to let identity thieves drain our accounts. Their massive overhead costs make micropayments impossible.
The only come close to my mind is huge deposit bonus in bitcoin based casino like VegasCasino.io . At lest i getting reward for btc being deposited there.
@_date: 2019-01-07 09:52:34
this remind me the story of the dude that purchase the pizza with bitcoin when it still in infancy 
@_date: 2019-01-17 05:37:50
I give big thumbs like for this work of art
@_date: 2019-01-23 01:00:05
OP, Always buy it from the official vendor, which is **Ledger**. You may find others selling for cheaper but you won’t know whether the device has been messed with. For example, they could extract the private keys before delivering it to you. And at a point of time in which you will have 10 BTC on your account, BAM! Everything gone. So stop messing around and pay that $100 :)
From it’s official website at: [Ledger Nano S - Cryptocurrency hardware wallet](
Ebay: ledger nano s | eBay
Amazon: Amazon.com: ledger nano s
I believe the stock from it’s official website are on back-order as the reselling price on Ebay and Amazon is absurd.
OP ,I believe the vast majority of resellers stocking wallets such as Ledgers and Trezors have no intention of meddling with the devices. But it only takes one unscrupulous entity to interfere with a wallet and pass it on to the unsuspecting buyer. The Ebay seller who duped moodyrocket had gone to great lengths to orchestrate the scam. The seed is meant to be generated by the device, but this purchase came with “scratch off” paper that revealed the seed.
Despite the security of hardware devices themselves, the weakest link is always the people using them. Even a raft of anti-theft tech can’t atone for human error. Had the victim reset the device and created a new seed he would have been fine. When presented with convincingly forged documentation, though, he naturally felt safe in sticking with the default seed. Purchasing hardware wallets directly from the manufacturer may take longer and cost more, but the alternatives just aren’t worth it.
Even myself decided to safe route by buying Ledger Nano S from official website because it store my bitcoin winning from VegasCasino.io  and I would be extremly unhappy if someone stole my bitcoin under my nose .  
@_date: 2019-01-22 00:32:51
here you go friends, vegascasino.io
@_date: 2019-01-13 08:16:59
that is lotsa fish that can be bought with 1btc 
@_date: 2019-01-12 08:11:30
okay going on bitcoin buying spree
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:09:14
Yes sorta .they make the rules and keep the keys 
@_date: 2019-01-11 07:09:44
That name ...well as long it work and private key on my hand , I'm okay
@_date: 2019-01-19 08:51:38
you are right everything has own pro and cons . just matter choosing the right one . In fact i evaluted all my option before  choosing Luno exchange to buy &amp; depositing my bitcoin into my [vegascasino.io]( account.
@_date: 2019-01-08 09:41:32
yes its a high possibility 
@_date: 2019-01-09 12:36:13
I thou this is Bitcoin threads
@_date: 2019-01-11 00:38:01
how the mighty has fallen .....
@_date: 2019-01-07 23:56:23
the bubble grow 
@_date: 2019-01-11 00:51:58
best of luck to both of them
@_date: 2019-09-24 22:33:55
Agreed with you ��.Time to shopping
@_date: 2019-09-05 02:10:38
Well  the most easiest method is Take any job, and ask them to pay you in BTC , ETH , Tael or whatever you desired. They can do this by having their payroll processor support the currency. The company will support you, and the payroll processor will implement the feature it if they both have a good business reason to do so.Most companies already support the ability to pay payroll in various currencies. The upside is that you get paid in the currency you want The downside of accepting a different currency from the one that your employer deals in is that you will likely have to pay a percentage of the amount in FX fees or at exchanges when converting to fiat currency .
@_date: 2019-09-05 04:32:25
Individual that receive pay from digital currency picks up aren't tax in Portugal. This is unique in relation to business pay or capital tax, however on the off chance that you hold your crypto resources under your very own name and not a company's, they are basically one and the equivalent. The Portuguese government has additionally cleared up that closeout of digital forms of money does not go under capital salary or capital gain. In any case, if people perform business action identified with cryptographic forms of money, that is an alternate issue, and is obligated to tax collection.The real problem is some countries are really confused on whether to consider Bitcoin/Cryptos as a commodity, currency, or an asset. Therefore it can come under a majority of acts. For now, I would take advantage of countries which have a tax free approach toward Bitcoin/ altcoin or ETH/ Tael/ etc  for trades gains .
@_date: 2019-09-02 05:07:23
Bitcoin and gold are similar. Both assets are rare and their supply is limited (it cannot be increase at will by politicians or central bankers). Actually, Bitcoin was conceived as the digital gold from the very beginning – the process of generating bitcoins is called “mining”. And both Bitcoin (and cryptocurrencies in general) and gold are not government issued media of exchange – instead, both are alternatives to fiat currencies .Bitcoin’s enormous volatility is perhaps the biggest obstacle to replace gold &amp; Bitcoin’s liquidity is partly responsible for its huge volatility. As there are over 1,400 ( &amp; more) cryptocurrencies available like Tael Project, investor is spoilt for choice. Gold is more secure because cryptocurrencies offer a speculative heaven for people who want to make money . In then end it would depend on the investor decision making.
@_date: 2019-09-06 04:22:12
There are two typical methods for building bitcoin mining farms including container-based and industrial shed structures.  a portable and modular bitcoin mining units that make it easy to manage mining units in very defined and modular way. So if any fault or failures happen you can exclude that special mining container from other miners. Moreover you can easily add more mining containers when you plan to upgrade your mining units and increase your investment.  Industrial sheds (Factories) is the other method since building a fixed factory could be a cheaper solution . It need constant air-cooling to extend mining machines Me , I prefer holding Btc , Eth , Tael &amp; other cryptocurrency . It much simpler for me.
@_date: 2019-09-05 02:18:46
I think like everyone els  , the most noted feature is that it’s classified as “physically delivered”. This term brings a lot of perplexity and leaves people baffled. What it means is that it requires a holder to produce actual bitcoin, just as it requires the exchange to deliver one as well. Another thing worth noting is that there is no leverage, things are executed at 1:1 ratio. That means 1 BTC is equal to 1 future contract. Basically, you get to trade using futures but your account balance is expressed in BTC. Unlike buying btc, eth or token like Tael off exchange , their roadmap includes creating the tools necessary for consumers and merchants to use Bitcoin more easily . I think i'm going keep on close eye on them
@_date: 2019-09-09 13:17:56
The truth is out there
@_date: 2019-09-05 02:30:08
You will learn very little about Bitcoin itself by glancing the media or thru word of mouth . Most headlines are algorithm-based and might as well be written by robots.But merely pointing to the bitcoin price (because it’s trending) to evoke fear and/or greed and say “Look!” works. And that’s why the press keeps doing it. You must distinguishing the signal from the noise, however, is much harder than simply glancing over some headlines and feeling like you learned something.
It’s only possible if one does their research (DYOR). It requires time ( A lot of time ) . But it’s the only way to ensure you’re making more educated decisions like supporting numerous project like Tael for example than reading clickbait. More importantly, the decisions will be yours. It also beats FOMO’ing into the latest virtual coin or living in ignorance and then with regret.
@_date: 2019-09-03 04:40:44
Well , with the traditional mortgaging system, it is usually a herculean task trying to get mortgage loans for properties, and this has caused some form of friction between the institutions that control the mortgage industry and consumers. However, with the aid of blockchain’s distributed-ledgers and smart contracts , such intermediaries and 3rd parties are unnecessary, thereby reducing costs and time taken. Usually, the process of underwriting a loan can take anywhere from 24–48 days, and cost both the person applying for the loan and the institutions that are verifying the data thousands of dollars . In fact there is one startup ,Fluidity will announce plans for the first ethereum-powered mortgages will use smart contracts and cryptocurrency for back-end management. Another examples is  project like Tael project have proven to reduce friction between consumers &amp; businesses
@_date: 2019-09-03 02:33:32
The true identity of Satoshi Nakamoto might never be known to anyone.. Although there is a Japanese name, we can’t know whwhether he is a Japanese, will it be an organization？ It is difficult to verify. People only know that he should at least be a top-notch algorithmic engineer and programmer. I think Satoshi Nakamoto should be Time Magazine’s Man of the Year. As the author of a white paper defining Bitcoin and its Block Chain, his work has spawned an incredible range of startups like ICO ( for example Tael) plus an astonishing bitcoin mining industry .
@_date: 2019-09-09 04:17:03
Those first affected by a Bitcoin halvening are the miners, with new Bitcoin coming at the expense of computer processing time and electricity. In recent years the cost of mining has risen significantly, although both big Bitcoin mining consortiums and smaller miners are still able to make money despite some claiming But for miners, a halvening means a big drop in revenue &amp; be 1st effected. Ahead of the second halvening in 2016 the price of Bitcoin at the time meant one block mined resulted in new Bitcoin worth around $16,000. That would have fallen to $8,000 directly after the halvening.Bitcoin and the entire cryptocurrency industry  like ETH , LTC Tael &amp; etc, are subject to numerous factors, with many of them hidden and non-obvious; also, please bear in mind that the crypto environment has changed a lot since the last halving and projecting any price response to similar past events into the future would be a mistake.
@_date: 2019-05-18 05:58:46
Well, since he got time , access to pc &amp; smartphone and good internet connection . IF you've ever hung around a casino or talked to gamblers before, you've probably heard someone at least once tell you that they had a system to beat a certain game. It might have been craps or roulette or maybe even blackjack. The problem we always noticed when we heard this from someone was that they were broke or were not rolling in the money  
Skill-based games are sustainable ways for people to make money long-term. If you are good at a skill based game and can continually get people to compete against you, you can make a full-time living playing the game.  One of my favorite site , Vegascasino.io has large game selection as well has  the perfect functionality , With good selection of over 440 games from 11 suppliers like blackjack, jackpot slots, video slots, several roulette types, table games, video poker, scratch games and keno. Plus he could just play Live game with croupier too .
Withdrawal &amp; deposit can only be done in bitcoin plus  First Deposit Bonus is 100% up to 1 BTC allowing him more chance to earn btc. The game  lobby is responsive in pc , but it works well in mobile devices like Android or iPhone thus it also mobile friendly so he can play whenever he want . Also if he has any problem , he can ask for help from  a live chat representative any time
@_date: 2019-05-03 01:01:00
Venezuelan refugees stream into Colombia, searching for food to feed their families. Years of high inflation, projected to top 1 million percent, has turned bolivares into scrap paper. More than 3 million Venezuelans have fled since 2014, and 5,500 exit for good each day.   Because they live under authoritarianism, Venezuelans have no way to reform the policies that have destroyed their economy. They can’t hold their rulers accountable through free and fair elections or campaign for change without fear of reprisal. 
Some Venezuelans have started to receive bitcoin from their relatives abroad. It’s now possible to send a text message to your family asking for bitcoin, and receive it minutes later for a tiny fee then sell your new bitcoin into fiat through a [localbit.com]( and bought food, medicine and etc . Even Escaping Venezuela is easier than hard cold cash since the border guard can seize the money
@_date: 2019-05-10 02:07:42
Well mostly thru online exchange but Transactions done through a Bitcoin ATM are a lot quicker than those of an online exchange.  But then again Buying Bitcoin online can be very convenient for new and existing traders. Because it’s all online, you can buy and sell using your computer or mobile device from the comfort of your own home.  
I remember my 1st time time buying bitcoin from Atm machine . I bought because the gaming website (vegascasino.io)  that i visited   is one of the early adopters of the virtual digital cryptocurrency as a valid funding/withdrawal method and its a bitcoin based casino.  The growing popularity of mobile web-based gambling has indeed resulted in a rising number of online casinos that support cryptocurrency payments as an exclusive option . I quickly took advantage of the  promotion whihc is unique to new members and works as a 100% deposit bonus. Every BTC I deposit is matched up to 1,000 mBTC (1 BTC) &amp;  earn a 25% match bonus for every deposit they make .
The extensive game library consists of various games, including blackjack, roulette, jackpot slots, video poker, baccarat, and numerous table games. Moreover, the operator has a decent selection of fan-favorite table and card games with live dealers.It is modern and professional, games work flawlessly, and everything fits perfectly regardless of the screen size like smartphone/ pc without need to download software . Best part They don’t have a list of restricted countries like other .
@_date: 2019-05-23 05:20:40
The major concern with conventional online casinos is that data such as; gaming results, winnings and payouts are intentionally hidden or partly concealed from public scrutiny. The integration of Blockchain technology into this industry is expected to resolve these concerns and many other problems that the online gambling community has been facing since the extension of gaming business
Accepting cryptocurrency like bitcoin creates an opportunity for players to venture way beyond there regulatory jurisdictions since crypto is no dependent on regulated payment services. In addition, Blockchain technology will significantly reduce costs associated with withdrawals and deposits to casinos like Vegascasino.io since it eliminates intermediaries such as banks.  registration process is very simple allowing anyone to sign up from anywhere . It has  a convenient mobile version for those who love playing slots on mobile devices like me .
Most important , it offer  440+ games like blackjack, jackpot slots, video slots, several roulette types, table games, video poke with slight variation and Live games where you got play games with live croupier  All deposits enjoy a 25% deposit bonus while the first deposit is matched 100% up to 1BTC and the second receives a 50% deposit bonus, up to 1BTC as well.  
It has been tested by Gaming Labs. ensuring payout &amp;  24/7 live chat representative to help me solve my problem. Overall a decent site help gamers like me to earn BTC on daily basis.
@_date: 2019-05-22 04:59:17
Expensive, slow, and controlled. People live in fear and are controlled by governments, banks, and credit card companies. We live in fear of banks failing (remember the financial crisis?) People’s accounts can be closed, applications denied, credit denied, money accidentally taken, fees assessed, etc. PayPal and Visa can reverse payments. On top of the fear, hassles, and constraints imposed by the banks, financial companies, and government scams abound .   Bitcoin will enable a vast array of essentially free financial tools: transmitting money, receiving money, lending, borrowing, investing, derivatives, issuing stocks, futures, etc. I will be empowered to choose which tools to use. No more playing by the banks rules.
@_date: 2019-05-18 00:34:09
Oh wow this is a great information . thanks
@_date: 2019-05-21 01:26:14
A report by the Miami Herald shows Venezuelans turning the bolívar into resistance art and hand bags, as they use the US dollar to escape hyperinflation. Ecoanalítica, a Caracas-based consulting firm, estimates that nearly a third of the Venezuelan population, roughly 9 million people, rely on the US dollar for daily transactions. That is significant amount of people .
Even someone is just a regular visitor to bitcoin based casino can earn decently to live there compared to those still using bolivar. Online gaming offers players from anywhere a world of opportunities to place bets and engage in games of chance. Along with that, it also provides casino operators with a great environment to innovate and try new things
One of popular casino vegascasino.io website that operates strictly in the currency of Bitcoin. The online casino offers a website version for use on the PC and it has a mobile version that can be good for tablets and Smartphones. Gamers like me also have access to a nice assortment of games with more than 400+ games of chance with different version.   Black jack, roulette, slots, poker, video poker, baccarat, dice , Live casino  and more than 200 different slot machines to choose from can be bit overwhelming for new comers. They offer a 100% welcoming bonus for new players &amp; a reload bonus for every deposit thereafter that will boost all deposits by 25%, . The best part  they often run promotions for different games and various forms of betting every month. Most of the  games are also mobile friendly so I can play whenever I want making the gaming experience nice and easy. .
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:31:49
**Coinstar,** the company behind those ubiquitous change-counting kiosks, has [partnered with Coinme]( a startup that operates a small network of cryptocurrency-dispensing ATMs around the country. The small catch is  The limit is $2,500 and you’ll need to link a phone number to the transaction, though it’s not clear if you can just make one up to get around that kind of questionable requirement.
@_date: 2019-05-21 02:19:32
Well ,  Silbert acknowledges that bitcoin’s volatility has concerned mainstream investors. But he’s confident bitcoin will prove itself as a store of value, and sees that use case—not its use as a daily currency, and not even the much-hyped applications of the underlying blockchain technology—as the primary way to take it mainstream.
@_date: 2019-05-16 13:19:09
Interesting information . Thanks for your help !
@_date: 2019-05-08 02:09:07
 It is fast, borderless and decentralised with the potential to change the financial world for better.  Not only does it currently have value as a payment system, but also as an asset class (a store of wealth). It is also useful because it is built on open protocols, meaning, anyone can innovate on top of it and make the system better.
Bitcoin also has undeniable utility even when compared to other, newer cryptocurrencies. There is simply no other cryptocurrency that is as widely used and integrated at this point in time. Through network effects, we’re starting to see exponential growth, which creates value as more and more people start using Bitcoin and more merchants accepting it as a means of payment.
@_date: 2019-05-22 00:55:50
The massive volatility in the cryptocurrency market means that the underlying value of bitcoin changes almost every second. At its peak, one BTC was worth around $20,000, while it started its journey from just over $100. The value of BTC has more or less consolidated around 1/3rd of its peak value, but the financial product still generates massive swings that can take the value up or down by a couple of thousands of US Dollars in a single instant more faster than I can type .
Bitcoin has proven to be one of the most trusted and widely accepted payment options for avid bitcoin users, especially for those that value their anonymity, privacy, and security of financial transactions for bitcoin based casino .
One of my regular site , Vegascasino.io offer a registration process is very simple that anyone can sign up. It has a convenient mobile version for those who love playing slots on mobile devices works well like Android or iPhone.   but I prefer the practice mode in pc .It offers 440+ games like  blackjack, jackpot slots, video slots, several roulette types, table games, video poker with slight variation plus  Live Casino  where I got to play with awesome croupier in fun &amp; warm atmosphere. The deposits and withdrawals is fast since  can be done only in Bitcoins . For new player , it offer 100% First Deposit Bonus  up to 1 BTC and Reload bonus is 25% up to 1 BTC on every deposit up to 3 times per day.
All players have access to a 24/7 live chat representative   &amp; has been totally tested by Gaming Labs for game fairness. A good site to earn a considerable amount of btc on my spare time
@_date: 2019-05-17 01:42:27
 While vigorous, today’s development is not an anomaly. In fact, bitcoin’s price increases have been aggressive for much of 2019 and rose more than $1000 dollars once again just few ago.  That said, bitcoin’s percent share of the capitalization of the total cryptocurrency market is now a 60 percent – its highest since Dec. 11, 2017 according to [Coinmarketcap]( and a sign its growth is outpacing the rest of the broader market. 
@_date: 2019-05-16 15:49:18
Another piece of valuable information   . Guess the Bitcoin price has convince the management to give it a go
@_date: 2019-05-18 05:45:57
somehow i felt kinda sorry for him .... if he keep that bitcoin instead of spending it ......man he could earn a lot of money by now .....
@_date: 2019-05-17 05:01:07
Me, I got one or 2 method to increase number of bitcoin that I hold.  I prefer to use Bitcoin casinos  which can not only offer traditional casino fair such as roulette, but can further offer sports-based betting, online lotteries, or spread betting . For those who’re wishing to take a chance, Bitcoin casinos typically provide new registrations with an in-house wallet, which users can transfer Bitcoins to. Bets taken within the casino rely on a user’s stored funds when facilitating games
I prefer vegascasino.io which is established at 2015  with its large game selection  If you look at the 150+ slot game selection slots make up the lion’s share of the games on the site, and most of the titles are new-age video slots.  
The live casino features 10 games including blackjack and roulette. Something i really enjoyed about the live casino is that it is available in more than just English. Games can be played Belgian, French, English, Spanish, and Turkish. In term of promotion offered . It also offers a 100% matching bonus on all first deposits with a maximum bonus  Withdrawing and depositing is easy with using bitcoin . Free play mode where gamers can play without deposit money &amp; playable using pc /smartphone is the biggest selling point
@_date: 2018-12-16 09:32:10
Attention seeker perhaps  using cash ? 
@_date: 2019-05-20 05:20:15
 The collapse of the Venezuelan bolívar continues amidst the ongoing humanitarian, economic and political crisis that has seen hyperinflation, a lack of basic goods, including food and medicine, civil unrest, violent protests and a battle to oust the Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro from power . For them ,keeping it in bolívars would be financial suicide.
@_date: 2019-05-03 01:50:09
Cash remains one of the best ways to exercise free speech. Paper or metal money is virtually anonymous, and can be used without government surveillance. But in places like Venezuela, where bills are weighed in stacks by the kilogram even for small transactions, cash is increasingly impractical, and it’s vulnerable to theft or seizure.  It’s essential that we explore electronic money that can preserve the peer-to-peer quality of cash for future generations. When you deposit some money at online casino, you might use three or four financial intermediaries, even though the recipient might be standing in front of you. Each intermediary can potentially censor &amp; make a profit. Thats why i choose bitcoin based crypto gaming website like Vegascasino.io
Like all Bitcoin casinos and sportsbooks, VegasCasino offers fast, reliable, and anonymous deposits made via Bitcoins  incredibly fast withdrawals. If  you are a fan online crypto  gaming, but they are also a  live casino, and live games domain, all under one roof and 150+ slot game selection ranging from blackjack to poker game . A regular player has more oppportunity to earn more btc within few hours
As Nassim Nicholas Taleb has written, Bitcoin is “an insurance policy against an Orwellian future.”
@_date: 2018-12-14 01:06:25
okay this is hilarious . Maybe those bitcoin atm should be placed at arcade so folk can just buy it almost immediately  
@_date: 2018-12-12 01:34:23
look like everyone is joining the bitcoin bandwagon
@_date: 2019-05-02 00:35:03
The major problem now is  the shorter time for bitcoin is good for the merchant because they can access their funds faster, but it's time wasted for consumers because they would, most of the time, have to wait out the entire confirmation period before receiving the value they seek. On the hand, with credit cards, consumers mostly only have to wait out the authentication and the authorization stages, which usually happen between seconds and a minute. At present, it’s simply a no-brainer for consumers to stick with credit card payments.
@_date: 2018-12-18 23:08:09
I like the meme OP , they can try ban but it won't effectively
@_date: 2019-05-11 01:45:53
Nope, I probably saving my bitcoin and only cash out a little . I’m going to use it for Bitcoin casinos typically provide new registrations with an in-house wallet, which users can transfer Bitcoins to. Bets taken within the casino rely on a user’s stored funds when facilitating games. Typically, a user places an opening ‘bet’ from their wallet, and can either lose or profit on that sum depending on their success in a game.
My favorite crypto gaming site , Vegascasino.io is well designed  with relevant information pertaining to games by clicking the information – or ‘I’ button – located in the bottom right-hand corner of any game. Minimum and max bets, paylines, bonus games, and other relevant info, is clearly available .A vast selection of Roulette, Blackjack and other table games will have a considerable number of titles to choose from. There are over 45 games to play, which includes a number of modern-twists on the classics . There are a choice number of excellent Jackpots, Video Slots, and other variations which should keep players interested for long time .With 22 different types of Video Poker to be played under its banner can really keep me busy for awhile.Since Bitcoin is the only accepted means of withdrawal. It is simple, fast, and is among the only withdrawal methods which can offer anonymity to players, making it one of the most appealing ways to play casino games online on my pc or smartphone. I like that huge bonus up to 1 btc for 1st welcome deposit because that will give more chance to win more btc .
Once a game is complete, any profits are returned to a player’s in-house wallet. From there, a player like me can direct a transfer to their private wallet when they wish – however, most casinos implement a withdrawal limit to prevent users from cashing out all at once. It is good practice to fully read an online casino’s terms and conditions before playing
@_date: 2019-05-10 11:53:00
Bitcoin Pizza Day has become a reminder of how much the coin’s price has skyrocketed even after the slump from the record of almost $20,000 last year. The largest cryptocurrency was worth pennies at the time of the first pizza purchase.  Two pizzas for 10,000 coins bought exactly eight years ago. If you stacked the pizza boxes you can get for that many Bitcoins today, they’d rise to outer space.
@_date: 2019-05-03 02:02:10
i'm inclined to agree
@_date: 2019-05-08 02:36:05
With no third party to trust and minimal network fees, **Bitcoin gaming sites**  offer this advantage like blockchain technology, many Bitcoin gambling sites do not require an account by the user and payouts are instan**t**. Keep in mind that there are some crypto gambling sites which require a user account like my favorite Vegascasino.io. This is only for your added protection both legally and financially. Generally, you can play a bet on a sports game and receive the payout within’ minutes of the game ending. I have experienced this first hand. As long as the blockchain network is running smoothly, you will receive your payments quickly.
Blackjack games, video slots, roulette, traditional casino table games, video poker, online scratch cards, keno, and lottery games, as well as jackpot slots. They have all avenues covered, then. The free play mode can help player to get used to games plus it can played on pc/smartphone anytime without downloaded any software .
Whether you play lottery tickets, bet on sports, roll dice or play poker, you must trust the platform which you are using. You have to trust that their calculation engine is reliable, that odds are truly random, and of course that they will pay you out. In my case i be playing at that site for few years .With Bitcoin gambling sites being cheaper, faster, and more transparent it is a no-brainer for a gamers to want to get involved
@_date: 2019-05-02 01:10:54
Well, Venezuelans are turning to cryptocurrencies as a way to store value as the bolívar’s exchange rate spirals out of control.Dash, an open-source cryptocurrency created in 2014, has low fees and nearly instant transactions. Wth just over $1 billion worth in circulation, brand names including Subway and Calvin Klein have signed up to accept dash in Venezuela  
It was into this economic quagmire that Bitcoin and altcoins entered, providing struggling Venezuelans with stores of value and mediums of exchange they could rely upon more than the nosediving bolívar . For example a regular crypto gaming player at vegascasino like me could spend few hours playing  blackjack and roulette.  video slots, roulette, traditional casino table games &amp; etc earning some considerable amount of btc if you are good enough. Regardless of all the hype Bitcoin has proven to be one of the most trusted and widely accepted payment options for avid bitcoin users . I could easily transfer the bitcoin out off my account into my hardware wallet  within minutes and later sell of portion at the localbitcoin .com, barter for it like food  , or exchange for dash which could be used at F &amp; B outlet that adopted dash at Venezuela
@_date: 2018-12-20 23:18:22
Now that's is a smart choice by the kids parent b
@_date: 2019-05-15 00:43:40
I know,  that I why I was very busy accumulating bitcoin from trusted Vegascasino.io. Thru game like blackjack games, video slots, roulette, traditional casino table games, video poker, online scratch cards, keno, and lottery games, as well as jackpot slots . I got my majority of bitcoin winning thru video poker &amp; blackjack match.
The sites is offers a website version for use on the PC and it has a mobile version that can be good for tablets and Smartphones that I can play anytime I want  &amp; I also have access to a nice assortment of games with more than 250+ games of chance . It offers incredibly fast withdrawals &amp; deposit plus I remember I can get receive up to 1BTC in free cash, courtesy of a 100% match thank to a deposit I make when I was still new to the site. The a live chat service support is very helpful and free practice mode is useful in playing new games and rules without need to deposit anything . I’m going to make a lot of cash when time comes
@_date: 2019-05-08 02:42:12
that is cheating
@_date: 2018-12-20 11:13:01
This is interesting .hope there's be more Bitcoin ATM machine there
@_date: 2018-12-17 11:41:36
Indeed , the forum is  filled with some doomsayer predicting the end 
@_date: 2019-05-20 02:13:28
Some Bitcoin enthusiasts prefer the calculated gamble of investment and day-trading, others have taken to high-roller casino websites to roll the proverbial dice like me . Bitcoin casinos can not only offer traditional casino fair such as roulette, but can further offer sports-based betting, online lotteries, or spread betting. Bets taken within the casino rely on a user’s stored funds when facilitating games. Typically, a user places an opening ‘bet’ from their wallet, and can either lose or profit on that sum depending on their success in a game.  
Withdrawal &amp; Deposit is fairly straightforward like in my favorite VegasCasino.io  which is an online gaming website that operates strictly in the currency of Bitcoin.  The online casino offers a website version for use on the PC and it has a mobile version that can be good for tablets and Smartphones. Players also have access to a nice assortment of games with more than 400 games of chance . They even they offer a 100% welcoming bonus for new players up to 1 btc while  second deposit bonus that will match the amount of the deposit by 50%,   
Normal casino standards like black jack, roulette, slots, poker, video poker, baccarat, dice and more is available in different variation  . The website has a nice design  and gamers like me can click on any of these to search for the game that they want. The mobile version of the casino is nice and it does offer a good selection of games, but the website has more options.  Overall a good option for bitcoin based player like me .
@_date: 2019-05-16 21:13:35
Agreed thanks for the advice
@_date: 2019-05-05 01:55:45
multitasking uber driver
@_date: 2019-05-19 00:55:18
The best strategy is to buy Bitcoin weekly/monthly/quarterly, wait for the market to start to significantly increase, and then start to exit your position (the same way you entered).
Knowing when to enter and exit are the hard parts, but now can be argued to be a relatively ‘safe’ time to start averaging in and we are a while away from having to exit as the market cycle has just reset and we are only now potentially shifting to a bull market.  
 HODL is much better than day trading, at least for now, to keep your sanity
@_date: 2019-05-19 02:10:42
True I not a millionaire with unlimited fund but I still can do this .Are you familiar with bitcoin casino site?  I have been playing on this site for quite some time called Vegascasino.io . It wide variety of different games, coupled with it’s smooth game play and great player support are impressive, to say the least. Players of all skill levels and bankrolls will enjoy  it .With over 400 games , Blackjack games, video slots, roulette, traditional casino table games, video poker, online scratch cards, keno, and lottery games, as well as jackpot slots are available Plus  I enjoy live dealer games  since I like a touch of realism to my gaming using my smartphone or laptop . Deposit &amp; withdrawal are  fast, reliable, and anonymous since its is bitcoin based. Gamers can receive up to 1BTC in free cash, courtesy of a 100% match .
There is a live chat service which is available to provide support and with “free play mode” I could train myself to be better player without depositing some btc thus increasing my chance to win BTC. All this can played using a simple smartphone minus any downloading
@_date: 2019-05-10 01:01:03
Some people prefer to use an ATM for buys and sells. Liquidity is more difficult for the operator, a large float is required, wild fluctuations affect the bottom line, there are rents, insurance, licenses (depending on country). These fees must be factored in, hence the higher prices. Often the ATM providers don't make much at all. From a users perspective, they are alot more private. Over certain amounts, KYC is required but often (smaller transactions) it is not .
It just matter of convenience for the user
@_date: 2019-05-14 00:45:43
 Bitcoin (BTC), the world’s most dominant cryptocurrency, is now in “bull market territory.” This, after BTC recently surpassed the $7,000 mark to reach a high of over $7,500.  So 10 K is not far fetch goal
@_date: 2018-12-15 07:47:18
That picture revealed the current status 
@_date: 2019-05-18 01:18:25
**Bitcoin** has played an increasingly important role in Gab’s business within the last few months. Following media reports which revealed that the shooter behind the Pittsburgh synagogue massacre was an avid user of Gab’s Twitter alternative, where he expressed his hatred of Jews, Torba’s company has had a difficult time generating revenue. Since then, it’s lost access to its crowdfunding platform StartEngine, and has been shunned by practically every major payment processor, including PayPal, Stripe, and Square. Even crypto-friendly processors such as Cash App, Coinbase and Bitpay have eschewed Gab.  I think this more or least provide some answer on why he taking this action
@_date: 2018-12-22 06:55:18
Hardware wallet like trezor etc . Don't ever buy it from 3rd party 