@_author: speedytheturtle
@_date: 2013-05-12 11:50:15
Hey there, I too lost all my coins a few days ago from satoshidice and from a similar gambling site such as crypto-games.  I agree with your lesson, don't gamble ever.  I have no idea why I didn't cash out when I had the chance, but back then had decided to keep on going. The losses started accumulating and I started to try and win it back.   That never happened and led to an empty wallet and basically I'm not checking in the cryptocurrency price lately.  It was just unfortunate luck, a lack of discipline, and being carried away being a bit greedy.
It is an unfortunate situation and it could happen to anyone, like you and me.  But think of it this way, it could've always been worse.  
As for your situation with your wife: if you havn't done so and if you get the chance to talk to her, do apologize to her. Do tell her you will never repeat gambling again and mean it.  Do make it up to her and ask her what is it that you can do to make it up to her.  Admit to her you've made an unintentional mistake and you've damaged her trust, but you want to gain it back.  As for now, giving her space is good to let her collect her thoughts.  When she does contact you, tell her how you feel and how you want to make things right.  
No matter what happens, please don't harm yourself over this one mistake.  It is probably likely you will beat yourself up in your head over this mistake as much as I have or more, but don't let it consume you.  Try to limit your suffering if it happens. You are not a bad guy overall for making a poor choice.  You just made a poor choice in the past and will have to accept the consequences, just a part of life. Since your are feeling bad about what happened, it means you have a soul and means you do care about her.  Learn from it and don't repeat it in the future.  Strive to be a better person from now on and as you said, don't gamble.  Stay strong man!!
@_date: 2013-07-02 23:25:06
I use btcquick.com .   The fees are a bit higher though.
@_date: 2013-07-20 07:08:16
Hi there. 
How much do you owe? If you are falling through hard times, you can ask your student loan provider for a forbearance or take part-time classes at a local college for deferment. Meanwhile, I would look for a job to start paying off those loans.  
Avoiding bankruptcy is always ideal as you would have a hard time getting loans in the future since bankruptcy would hurt your credit score pretty bad. 
For me, I would not follow through your bitcoin plan. I personally would concentrate getting a job or two.  
@_date: 2013-07-02 01:33:35
btcquick.com     It's more pricey though. 
@_date: 2013-06-21 05:23:58
Thank you.  :D 
1Szxj99zuCaQgPPrv9HNFRwJi2eLqYsgD