@_author: speicherleck
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:44:16
You know how they say, a broken clock still says the right hour 2 times a day.
If or when the bitcoin will crash there will be a bunch of people predicting it that were wrong in the other countless situation and be very smug about it. "I knew it" most will say.
So what? You took some risks with some money fully knowing you can lose them. You may or may not have a stop loss or you can make one (as in, sell at 5k or whatever) but these are all your decisions and you should be proud of them. You just got some valuable experience about investing, I am sure you've read a lot of new info that otherwise you wouldn't had known and you'll be a bit smarter in the future.
This happened regardless of whether you'll lose those money or not. Bitcoin might go to $100k or $0. Stand by your decisions, stand by your understanding so far and definitely do not act based on what you think others will say.
When someone says (assuming it happens) "told you that bitcoin will crash" simply say "you're right; but that's life some work some not, I look forward for the next one now". Do not try to reason or anything it is not worth it.
Now, I made the assumption that you invested fully knowing those money can be gone and you can afford to lose them. Otherwise this was still a very valuable lesson but way more expensive than it should had been.
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:20:16
I told my girlfriend I want to use $1000 for crypto and once I exchange them they are gone. She shouldn't care about any wins or loses because I will do a lot of transactions and any moment they can go to zero because of my lack of understanding.
This was the ground point in the discussion and made a point of talking at lengths about the fact that any investment is a risk. So the fact that everything is going down is fine for both of us (although I am a bit more fortunate since I didn't bought only bitcoins and the altcoins made my net worth still be higher than the initial investments).
However, what happens now is good. Opportunity for lots of people to buy more and learn that the risks are real. Whoever bought expecting to double or triple the money short term got a valuable lesson. 
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:02:44
That I did although, especially when it comes to crypto I prefer discussions due to the high amount of misinformation on the topic as well as outdated articles since the nature of the technology is very fast evolving. Is an article from june still relevant about the issue? I can't know. Some people do watch it closer than me and are better at googleing this than I am and most importantly are better are figuring out if some piece of info is bollocks or not.
But thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-22 11:55:14
Limit orders or trailing stops.
If you want to buy dips just set few orders at 9k, 11k, 13k and leave them be.
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:03:45
Seen it in an article but I was skeptic about the whole thing (article included). I couldn't figure myself how it works but it mentioned that it tries to complete transactions outside of the blockchain. Isn't that against the whole purpose of the bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-12-07 21:32:56
Thank you. This is very informative for me. I found out how to reduce the fee which probably means more waiting times but that is not an issue now (although I can't get it less than 6 dollars).
I am using blockchain. How can I make use of segwit? 