@_author: spendteam
@_date: 2019-07-01 10:57:43
Good morning.  For the security of your account and per our Compliance Program protocol, it is best if user account holdings weren't broadcast on one of the largest social media sites in the world.   I have no availability this morning however as requested previously, do you have time this afternoon (EST) to discuss via conference call?  In the mean time, please see the terms of service located at Spend.com. 
Thank you,
@_date: 2019-06-30 14:59:15
Hi Shapeshyft1,
Bryan Woods here.  I was alerted to this post from the community.  Please note the Reddit Spend community, r/Spend, if you are wanting to escalate in the future or Live Chat in Spend App.  I am more than happy to assist a Spend consumer and I understand the various emotions that you're conveying in this post.  You outline several items that are certainly concerning and several others that I am happy to clarify on a call with you as requested as your schedule allows.  Ultimately, Spend's goal is to provide a seamless user experience for converting cryptocurrency at point of sale via the Spend Wallet, Spend App, and Spend Visa Card. It would appear that the product works for your needed use case however functionality like banking transfers has left a negative perception.  I would like to resolve that for you immediately.  
It is important to note that Customer Service Representatives are a crucial factor in ensuring customer satisfaction.  Our goal is "first call resolution" for the customer.  It goes without stating that I take accountability for failing to meet your concerns.  We perform quality assurance and performance monitoring.  Our goal is to take these very cringing incidents, learn from them, retrain our staff, and ensure that we mitigate the risk of future reoccurrence.
One item that I would like to address publicly is that Mr. Developer is actually Mrs. Senior Compliance Specialist.  There are multiple checks and balances in place to ensure the safety of customer funds with daily reconciliation and settlement flows across all partners.  We take this very seriously and I can assure that your comments regarding how credits and debits are performed are incorrect, false, and without basis.
Please let me know a time that works best for you and I will contact you via the information on file. 
Spend values all feedback whether in a positive or negative light.  It's unfortunate that this had to be posted publicly prior to it being escalated to our senior staff but this is the reality and again, I'm ready to assist you as your schedule allows.
Kind regards,
Bryan Woods
President - Spend
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:14:44
Do you have availability today or tomorrow afternoon to discuss?  Best, Bryan