@_author: spencermcc
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:56:30
Or more likely you have no recourse...
Facts: 
1) There are many social networks and making new ones that have similar (nearly identical!) functionality is trivial. 
2) As of Dec 2011, [Facebook owned but 56 patents](
3) Facebook was more successful early on for a variety of reasons, patent ownership not being one of them as  market leaders owned an order of magnitude more patents than Facebook. 
4) Facebook is an effective monopoly and not because of regulation. 
When have the government thugs tore down and threw in jail a competing social network? 
@_date: 2014-03-19 21:13:58
is referring to those organizations enacted by law and funded by taxes. I think "the USA" is much bigger than that, but, keeping within the frame set, a couple quick examples.
Government innovation: NASA. NIH. CDC. DARPA. Energy Dep't. Pell Grants. Fullbrights. Even the IRS massively fosters innovation -- you're allowed to write off R&amp;D and many types of capital investment.
Government protection: for the common defense (fire, police, medics, coast guard, military), protects a more free market by preventing monopolies from exploiting their power (a difficult balance), protects you from false advertising (sometimes), protects you from market externalities like pollution, protects the opportunities of those born less fortunate by providing free education, healthcare and food (somewhat). 
I could go on! 
@_date: 2014-03-23 01:42:11
As I said, it's generally thought that monopolies engage in price gouging and use their power to prevent innovation and stomp out competition. And also, we're only talking about monopolies; one of the goals of trust busting is to create a marketplace thus allowing more individuals freedom to set prices.
A hypothetical: If you were born onto an island and all the land was owned by one landlord (or a couple working in collusion), they could set the rent just above your income such that you (and your children) are in a perpetual state of debt. Most people would consider that exploitative and thus immoral. 
You might argue that hypothetical is unrealistic. And yet, rent setting as such was the foundation of sharecropping, the Pullman Strike (one of the largest in American history), and the Declaration of Independence / John Locke (exploitation begets revolution, property should only belong to those who "improve" it). 
@_date: 2014-03-20 05:12:18
Free markets without intervention lead to monopolies. And then the market is no longer free. 
How does crowd-sourcing solve problems of market externalities like pollution? 
There's been some research into crowd-funding and people tend to give to people who they have empathy for - ie people who look act like the givers. It's working in the hip parts of Brooklyn, not so much in the Bronx. It's also tremendously inefficient. 
Anyways, stuff like the FAA and food inspections is really popular...
@_date: 2014-03-22 04:45:13
Late 19th century, there wasn't federal government regulation (broadly speaking), and Standard Oil controlled 88% of the oil market in the United States. With that control, you set the price of oil. To the original point, without regulation monopolies form. So, it's not ridiculous. It happened and would happen again without intervention. 
In our American democracy (and indeed in every democracy worldwide), we've enacted laws that prevent the formation of monopolies because generally it's thought that monopolies engage in price gouging and use their power to prevent innovation and stomp out competition. (Much like governments monopolize their power over violence, though at least we (kind-of) have a separation in powers, checks and balances, for example voting.)
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:55:28
FDIC is insurance. The members, retail savings and loan banks, must pay the FDIC to be insured. 
The bank injections were funded via taxes and bonds (ie loans). By current law, the government can't just print money willy nilly. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 01:40:26
And three times now you haven't answered my question. If patents explain Microsoft's near monoply, if competition couldn't compete because of government regulation preventing competition, then Solaris, MacOS, Linux, Firfox, Opera, Netscape, etc couldn't exist. But they do. How do you explain that?
What question would you like me to answer that I'm not?
@_date: 2014-01-27 05:02:00
There are no fees when you pay with cash. Or barter. 
Many mobile micropayment services are free in developing nations for most types of transactions - ie a lot cheaper than 10c.
@_date: 2014-06-07 18:48:49
Is Facebook a total monopoly of social media? Obviously, no, there are a multitude online services that offer social functions. Likewise, the US doesn't have a total monopoly over violence. You can get your coercion from all sorts of folks nearly everywhere anytime. Yet, I would argue that the US is an effective monopoly over violence.
Google Plus, Facebook, Orkurt, MySpace, hi5 and others all had extremely similar functionality (they all closely resembled each other). For example, friend follows, profile pages, a what's new homepage, and, yes, selling ad space. All these services were in the exact same game and for it to work you need to provide compelling product to users and advertisers.
Facebook became an effective monopoly over that space because they played the game well and because intrinsically you want a large provider. The value of the social network is in the scale of the network. 
As of April 2014, Facebook is the most popular social network among 81 percent of users between ages 16 to 34. [Google is cutting 1000 workers from Google Plus]( because they can't match Facebook's lead. Facebook destroyed the competition abroad (except in China and Russia) and have 1.3 billion active users. Pinterest has 3% of that. 
Many web sites today have "social features" from Reddit to NY Times to Snapchat but none but Facebook have succeeded with that nearly identical feature set that Google Plus, Facebook, Orkurt, MySpace, hi5, etc fought over and that's because of network effects. 
Stepping back, I do acknowledge that Facebook is weak. Microsoft was a much better example. But, both demonstrate how natural monopolies arise and that patents aren't key to the narrative.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:21:45
Most technology companies are also successful because of network effects. That's undeniable. Basically everyone uses Facebook because nearly everyone does, and if everyone else did everyone would use Google Plus -- ie Facebook is an effective monopoly and not because of regulation. 
edit / also: Peter Thiel, a fellow libertarian, has said that the Internet is less regulated than most other sectors of the economy. Saying as much isn't fringe weird or inarguable. It's certainly true that the Internet is less regulated than, say, transportation, medication, or food.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:33:40
Folks could and did make competing browsers but Microsoft coerced vendors into installing IE. There was Netscape, Opera, AOL, then Mozilla.
Patents didn't have much do with it at all. 
@_date: 2014-06-07 01:55:11
To write out an implied answer, Microsoft gets money because I choose to buy Windows (instead of MacOS or Solaris or Unix or whatever) because I wanted to use the software that everyone was using because network effects powered Windows software development and made it the most viable platform. 
It was a natural monopoly. It had competition. I had options. And I choose Windows because at that time it was the best option. 
And then Microsoft leveraged it's monopoly by contractually requiring other companies to act in its favor -- no government required!! (Except to enforce contracts but you don't have a problem with that or do you?)
@_date: 2014-03-20 18:07:59
Monopolies are tremendously profitable, so an unfettered market tends to create monopolies. 
There's evidence of that historically. For example in the late 19th century there was almost no federal regulation and there were very large monopolies - Standard Oil, the rail systems, US Steel, and all the other trusts. If you own all the oil (or even but 70% of it), you get to set the price because unfortunately the invisible hand only provides for invisible oil.  
Also there's evidence in simulation. Create a simulation of "rational actors" in a market with simple rules and monopolies form. 
Some would argue that anti-trust laws yet do more harm. For example Milton Friedman (who initially thought trust busting was an important role of government!) but regardless monopolies do tend to form in free markets.
why not attempt to reckon with the questions I've posed? Unable? 
@_date: 2014-01-29 13:17:14
The Commerce Clause, 8.3, gives Congress the power:


Nowhere does the US Constitution explicitly grant Congress the power to send men to the moon, fund the NIH, or regulate nuclear energy. 
According to the courts it's not contradictory. Inference.
@_date: 2014-06-06 22:02:03
Even Milton Friedman thought there were natural monopolies and that the government ought to break them up. (Though later in life, he changed his mind). 
The consensus view is that natural monopolies do arise, because of efficiencies in scale and because there are many ways to coerce. 
Internet Explorer didn't own the browser space for a decade because it was the best product -- it won because people aren't rational and because Microsoft (non-violently) coerced vendors. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 03:28:10
On what metrics has Somalia outpaced Kenya or Ethiopia in the last twenty years?
@_date: 2014-06-06 23:52:48
And in competition with Windows was MacOS and Linux. There was competition! It was a virtual monopoly but not by government regulation just as with the browsers. No government thugs were knocking down anyone's lemonade stands. You're the dishonest one flagrantly ignoring history!!
Edit: If patents explain Microsoft's near monoply, if competition couldn't compete because of government regulation preventing competition, then Solaris, MacOS, Linux, Firfox, Opera, Netscape, etc couldn't exist. But they do. 
Totally unrelated, do you know where the first patent laws were written? I'll give you a hint, it's where the industrial revolution began... (And the laws predated the machines.)