@_author: sphearis
@_date: 2016-02-17 10:30:01
Beware  of tether.to, I used them for a few months, everything went correctly(bitcoin transfers from and to exchanges, usdt conversion and such), I recently tried to make a withdrawal of my USDt, it was done correctly on their website(shows as completed) but nearly one month later, I still didn't get anything on my bank account. I tried to contact them twice from their contact form, I didn't receive any answer in 2 weeks. I tried to contact them through their twitter and facebook pages a few hours ago, I'll keep you updated.
@_date: 2016-02-24 21:01:53
I feel dumb, as in very dumb and I'm sorry if I made any bad reputation to this website. We fixed everything:
- There was a problem with their contact form, I realized it when I browsed my spam folder and saw the unsent messages from my mailbox because their contact address didn't exist. They now fixed that issue.
- I had received the money, but I discovered by providing the documents user support emailed me to my bank that they create a second identical bank account to store US Dollars, that bank account doesn't show by default in the homebanking interface. The money was there waiting for me to transfer/exchange it to EUR.
I really had a hard time believing that the site wasn't trustful as I already transferred a lot of usdt and bitcoins through it succesfully, I didn't know why that particular transaction didn't work through.
I'm happy to see how serious they are because their service is very convenient and I planned my Bitcoin use around it.
So, please forget about my doubts and trust them, once the communication really started, I saw how great they were :)
@_date: 2016-02-22 15:05:59
Getting 20% off on my amazon orders and being able to refund a pizza instantly to a friend when you are too lazy to go to the ATM. (my own use)
@_date: 2016-05-26 11:45:26
I'm sorry, I updated another reddit post with all info but everything is working well with tether.to, they corrected the issue with their email address/contact form and the problem was resolved (it was because of my bank managing usd deposits on a "child" bank account which didn't appear).
@_date: 2016-05-26 09:46:29
Thank you for your answer.
I still don't know how it happened as I looked at my payment history and the card has been used exclusively on Amazon, Microsoft and Paypal. And as I said in my post I usually load it before making a payment, this happened because of an Amazon refund I didn't expect.
As for the blocked card, I received the notification from your customer support telling me the card was suspended, I trusted him and 3 more transactions went through 30 to 45 minutes after.
Now, I'm waiting (and hoping) for the money to come back to my card and then, what can I do to recover it as the card is blocked? Can I get the money back into my Spectrocoin account or transferred to my real (plastic) card? Your customer support didn't answer that question.
@_date: 2016-05-25 19:29:41
To be a scam victim?
I got a virtual spectrocoin card a few months ago, I usually transferred money to it when I needed it but last week I got a refund from Amazon and all went down.
I got 3 fraudulent transactions from USA todayn(I'm from Belgium, Spectrocoin account doesn't appear to have been hacked, card was used only on paypal/amazon and a few others trustworthy third parties). I directly contacted them and they answered me pretty fast, telling me they COULDN'T revert the transactions that were made (approximately 300 dollars) and that they suspended the card. There were still 85$ on the card at that time.
I trusted them but in less than an hour, the remaining money on my card was gone in 3 more fraudulent transactions. I contacted the companies where the transactions were made (transportation mainly, they don't seem to check buyer identity before accepting payment) and I'm hoping I'll get a positive answer from them about the cancellation/refund.
But I'm still worried, they don't seem to be able (or don't want to because they're involved in this scam, I'm thinking of every scenario here, I hope I'm wrong on this one) to block my card. What will happen if I get a refund? Will it be available once again to any scammer with my CC info? I asked them if they could get the money out of the card and back to my account but they didn't answer that.
So beware if you're using their card, as long as I don't have a positive outcome you shouldn't trust them with your money.
@_date: 2016-05-27 08:14:50
All transactions which have been "authorized" now start to showing up as successful, is it supposed to be like this with a blocked card? I tried to contact your card provider but I didn't receive any answer, I really start to think all this is a total scam.
@_date: 2016-07-01 09:46:16
I confirm this is definitely a fraud, I don't know if it comes from the virtual card issuer MyChoiceCorporate-UK or Spectrocoin but there's definitely something going on.
- When you generate a virtual prepaid card on Spectrocoin, the card information appears once on screen and that's all. I wrote it down on a paper and put it in a safe place in my office, I didn't copy/paste it or anything.
- I only registered my card on 3 websites: Amazon, Microsoft and Paypal. My computer is 100% protected (professional antivirus/malware suite with paid license).
- I've put some money in it a few times to do almost direct transactions (less than 30 minutes between load and payment). One of my orders had a problem, I asked for a refund (Amazon) and it came a few days later, I only saw it in the evening (500 dollars were on the card for a few hours) but I also saw that several transactions were processing, transactions from abroad (Switzerland/Italy, 2000km from here, certainly not someone who has been in my home looking into my locked drawer). I contacted support from Spectrocoin, from the card provider and asked for refunds myself to the companies. These were airplane tickets/bus tickets and such, they should be able to know that I didn't make these purchases myself. 
But I received an answer one month later from the card provider, they can't refund me because "merchants have 3D enabled on their website" and I should be careful with my card data next time. I never saw any other security than the 3 digits code anywhere, there's no more safety, anyone with the card information (which they only could get from an employee of Spectrocoin/Mychoicecorporate, I can't see any other way as I managed to keep my information safely) can buy anything freely, without any further verification. It's not my first card, I used another provider before for more than one year(7 virtual cards generated there, never any problem).
What can we do now? Will Spectrocoin act accordingly or will it take a few more forum posts(with all the screenshots and discussions needed to prove my point) about your suspicious service and  bring this to court? 
Are you still studying in Leuven? Maybe we can meet to discuss it, I'm not too far.