@_author: sphinxqqg
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:58:56
I am on the fence on this one. It is true that Bitcoin has increased in value almost every year by a large percent. Anyone contributing to Bitcoin buying like a normal investment through the highs and the lows is currently ahead. 
Time will tell I guess ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:26:42
I am not sure what you are referring to by Bitcoin Cash being smaller. Doesn’t it have more coins currently and everyone that had Bitcoin at the fork also has Bitcoin Cash for free. This means that it is the same size or bigger than bitcoin it simply is not used by as many of the people that hold it. 
I agree that increased demand has caused Bitcoin to be slow and have high fees. 
I do not like putting centralized power in the hands of the large mining operations even though it makes the coin function with lower fees and faster transactions. I now use Bitcoin Cash as my transfer coin from exchange to exchange to avoid high fees. It works well for that purpose but I feel like I am selling a part of my soul every time I use it. 
I will have to research Verge. I know nothing about that coin. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:37:03
I really like the decentralized concept. I do not believe Bitcoin in its current for is not centralized. Currently Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin compete for the same centralized mining power based on which one has the best mining difficulty to payout ratio. It seems that both coins are currently centralized to be controlled by the same mining pool. 
The main difference in Bitcoin is a desire to be less central which I do like. I hope that the mining power required to mine bitcoin goes down so I can mine it at home cheaply again. 
The government got a lot of bitcoin from Silk Road which makes me not believe that it is beyond the grasp of governments in its current form. That could have just been poor handling of private keys though. So maybe it is secure if you can keep your private key secure ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
@_date: 2018-01-03 05:10:23
This sounds like a legitimate use case. I guess it just makes me sad that I don’t have large amounts of money to move around. 
I guess I always imagined bitcoin as having a low entrance cost and something that anyone could benefit from. 
@_date: 2018-01-03 03:12:14
Totally agree. That is why I don’t throw my support behind Bitcoin Cash. What do you use Bitcoin for? What utility does it have for you personally? 
I am not interested in the get rich quick off of rapidly increasing value. That will only end in a popped bubble if there is no utility. 
Also it feels like Bitcoin in its current state is centralized as you can’t really help mine it without cost prohibitive mining equipment.
Is there a belief that future upgrades to Bitcoin will make mining it less prohibitive? 
@_date: 2017-12-30 16:08:35
To me it looks like a Ripple pump has caused people to exchange other crypto because of the ‘fear of missing out ‘ during ripples break out moment. Once the ripple pump ends investors will likely move their funds back to other coins.
This is all pure speculation on my part. You could be correct. But I highly doubt it. 
“Be fearful when others are greedy and be greedy when others are fearful.” Warren Buffett 
