@_author: spicyowlleg
@_date: 2016-09-09 21:52:16
I used to work for wells fargo as an OCS rep at their Salt Lake City location. I quit back in 2014 because of their pressure to sell. I remember during training, we were told to only sell products to customers that would "genuinely help them", but the call floor was a much different story. 
If I recall correctly, we were supposed to sell products to at least 40% of our customers, or we would be written up. Most of us resorted to selling useless features like online bill pay, but other times, we were taught to identify customer "weaknesses" or to build on customer anxieties to sell a product. Half the time, I knew Mrs. Granny didn't need a new checking account, personal loan, credit card, etc, but we still pressured our customers into these sales whenever we had the chance. While this isn't necessarily uncommon for call centers, we were required to keep all of our calls under 5 minutes as an additional requirement, so as you can imagine you needed a pretty thick skin to survive the call floor. I never personally got involved in illegally opening up fake accounts to reach sales goals, but I can see why others felt pressured to do so.
I finally quit a year into the job as my sales numbers weren't too good and I knew I was on the chopping block. This was a shame, because I did provide actual customer service and I liked solving problems. I have had calls were some people had their accounts hacked and their funds in the process of being transferred out, and I could fix all that in a single call under 5 minutes. . . but then I would sell them something stupid like fraud protection and the whole feeling of helping that customer was lost when I pushed, and pushed, and pushed a customer to buy whatever service I was trying to peddle them. 
I feel bad for the 5000+ workers who get fired over this. They are the victims of a greedy upper-management culture. If anything, upper-management should be punished for this, but of course, the media and wells fargo are spinning this as a problem with the service reps. Sad.