@_author: spigolt
@_date: 2017-11-21 08:33:33
Um .... doesn't Ver still own pretty much the most bitcoin of anyone publicly known? Or am I wrong in this understanding?
See, I'd like to understand - why are we so sure he doesn't care about bitcoin? Seems, if nothing else, his holdings give him a pretty good reason to care about it?
Keep in mind - it's tricky to infer motives behind people's actions - thus it's usually better rather to simply stick to discussing the merits of those actions ....
However, if we are talking about his motives .... so .... many here seem to infer he's out to destroy bitcoin or something? My impression (again, we're both to some degree just guessing here, inferring based on his actions) is rather that he just wants to see cryptocurrency being used for more+more things, and that he has finally given-up on that happening on the main bitcoin chain, at least in the near-term (now that the last attempt to extend the blocksize on the main chain has failed - note I'm just talking about his thinking/viewpoint here, not trying to necessarily claim that this line of thinking is correct), thus he is supporting/pushing bitcoin cash now ...?
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:40:55
Sharding is one method for allowing larger on-chain scaling (by having each node only store a part of the blockchain, i.e. something along the lines of bittorrent), which is planned as part of ethereum's roadmap.
I don't think he's saying he supports it _over_ LN, rather, he's trying to argue one reason (though some in this thread are questioning whether it's really a solid argument) that even with layer 2 scaling solutions like LN, on-chain scaling (thus sharding and other such things) will still be needed.
@_date: 2017-06-15 21:18:15
@_date: 2017-06-15 21:13:54
I switched from Jaxx to Exodus because Jaxx doesn't keep your private key at all safe on your local hard drive (you can easily verify this by trying Jaxx - there's no way to set a password, only a PIN, thus you can be sure that brute-forcing to get your key is trivial at best. However, in actuality there's threads you can find on reddit explaining that they don't even use the PIN in encrypting the local store of your private key at all). Thus, if you're using the Jaxx desktop client, any thief or malware that gains access to your hard drive, can take all your money (regardless of whether you set a pin or not). 
With Exodus however that data is encrypted with a password that you provide, thus it at least in theory has a chance of being safe.
I'm writing this in reply here, as you (Jaxx_adiiorio) appear to be associated with Jaxx, so this is my request to add this most basic security feature to Jaxx asap to avoid potential catastrophe for your users ... so far all I've seen is dismissal of the issue.