@_author: spiral_mind
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:38:02
You sound crazy honestly. 


That's not Bitcoin's "mission". Gold exists along side fiat currencies and hasn't destroyed them. This makes you sound totally insane. You had better hope that Bitcoin doesn't threaten the fiat currencies of the world because then it has no hope of long term survival. The ability for a country to control the supply of currency gives a lot of stability to the country. There is no way that governments will ever give up that power. They would much rather make Bitcoin illegal. So please stop with this Bitcoin vs every other currency mentality. Bitcoin can coexist among the currencies of the world and be very very valuable without actually hurting them. Economics is not a zero sum game. The more innovation that occurs the more wealthy everyone involved becomes. 
p.s.: Your grammar was so bad that I had a very hard time reading your post. You should really avoid using ellipses because it makes your sentences read like a lunatic shouting on the street corner and mumbling to himself. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:00:37
They seem to be intentionally ignoring the potential for Bitcoin to help the "unbanked". For example the up to 10% fees for cashing checks could be eliminated if Bitcoin were to become popular. Employees could be paid directly into their Bitcoin wallet and would not have to pay to access their own money as in the current system. 
Bitcoin's deflationary nature also means that saving is a much more rewarding activity than with fiat currency. This could help people better their situation without needing a loan. With an inflationary currency you have to invest to not lose value on your currency. People with more money are able to get more capital through loans which they can make more money from. To invest you have to convert your currency into non-currency (stocks etc) and be deprived of that asset as money. You have a considerable risk there that people living on barely enough cannot afford to take. So even if they have extra money they can't make more money with it. Living day to day in this system forces people to be reliant upon loans because they can never save enough capital to buy a new house with their savings always losing value.  Saving is discouraged by the system itself. If people could save their surplus income and it increased in value rather than decreasing eventually people could acquire enough capital of their own to buy that new car / house without a loan. 
They are also saying Bitcoin users = libertarian policy in everything. That's not necessarily the case though. Also a lot of libertarians would rather spend money on social programs than on funding international wars and corporate welfare. 
Finally they state that you need to have computer science knowledge and programming knowledge to use Bitcoin which is totally false. The basic knowledge needed to understand Bitcoin is available to everyone for free on the internet right now. If people choose to put in that effort to learn how to use a new technology they deserve any gains that come from it. There's no privilege here. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:31:57
This is a really idiotic position on education. In a democratic society education isn't something that should only be given to those who want it because everyone can vote. The only way for a democratic political system to improve is really to have a more intelligent population as a whole. The smartest guy in America has only one actual vote which is equal to the dumbest guy's vote. They effectively cancel each other out (see the Bell curve) and you're left with the average intelligence voters determining everything. You can't improve our society if you leave behind the majority of the people because you've just written them off as "too stupid/lazy to learn". 
Now of course we don't want to leave behind the smartest people and waste their potential. That's what advanced classes and degrees are for.
@_date: 2014-03-22 07:19:51
Aaand that is the plot for the Bitcoin South Park episode. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:52:41
Your reasons don't make sense at all. If you were worried about getting a trojan on your computer how would storing them on an exchange help you at all? If you had a trojan any time you logged into the exchange you could lose all your Bitcoins through them getting your login info. Then on top of that is the risk of problems within the exchange itself. With 320 BTC you couldn't have been bothered to sell .3 Bitcoins and buy a Linux laptop and set up cold storage? What is more important than securing hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of coins? I hate to say you deserved it but....
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:52:38


Some believe in the currency. Some just want to make money. Either way they help Bitcoin. The only thing limiting Bitcoin's usefulness is truly public adoption. It forms a feedback loop where people get involved because Bitcoin is growing in value which causes it to further grow in value.


We won't run out of Bitcoins. As the value rises we will use smaller and smaller chunks of Bitcoins. They are divisible down to 100,000,000 units each. If you mean when the block reward halves down to basically nothing then the answer is the fees will support the miners. 


See answer above. 


That's a dubious statistic. Because Bitcoins are associated with an address rather than a person there's no way to know that. Many people who were early miners also lost the wallets for hundreds of thousands of Bitcoins. They simply didn't think they would be valuable and threw away their old hard drives etc. The huge price increase along with the risk of holding means that most early adopters have already cashed out quite a bit if they can. So Bitcoins are distributed enough to not make this a threat to the system.


There will be a hardware Bitcoin storage solution before too long that will really make it accessible to the non-tech savvy. Paypal integrating Bitcoin would also really open up its use to a lot of people. Since they're a payment processor and online wallet already they probably have the security knowledge to be the best in that arena and let average people invest. There's also the ETF fund by the Winklevoss that will allow people to invest in Bitcoin like a stock without actually holding them themselves. All these things will boost the value of Bitcoin.


These aren't problems that will be solved by alternate coins but by the market. There are a couple other interesting crypto-currencies though. Dogecoin has been exploding in popularity and could be better suited to in person transactions than Bitcoin because of the fast confirmation time. Zerocoin should be released soon which will likely be popular because it offers stronger anonymity than Bitcoin. Since they fill somewhat different niches though I see them coexisting with Bitcoin instead of competing with it.


Bitcoin is definitely P2P. You're wrong about P2P seeing limited use though. Despite the massive amount of heat it has taken from governments across the world including the most powerful nation on earth P2P is still massively popular. You can get just about any work online for free very quickly right now. There are millions of torrents and sometimes hundreds of thousands of seeders for popular new content. P2P is thriving under the harshest of conditions.
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:58:50
He's selling an investment instrument and advertising it as such without being registered. It's also an electronic currency that he exchanged directly for US dollars (much like Liberty Reserve whose owner was arrested by the US in Spain). He's also mentioned that he wants it to potentially function as a "distributed silk road". That's definitely not legal. 
@_date: 2013-05-31 19:14:40
Dan Kaminsky seems to have inspired hordes of bitter whiners who didn't invest in ASICS to push this idea. They are also likely the ones who cried "SCAM" until they started shipping if they were around at all.
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:44:48
Caught in a landslide... No escape from reality!
@_date: 2013-11-03 16:47:30
Yes! PayPal and Bitcoin offer two totally different services within the same realm, and put together they would really complement each others weak spots. Providing escrow services for Bitcoin users would not weaken PayPal's position, instead it would open it up to many new users. 
People saying "fuck paypal, bitcoin will kill it soon!!!" just don't get it.
@_date: 2013-06-09 18:18:37
By buying right after the bubble you were essentially betting that $100 is the bottom. If you can't wait a year to recover your buy-in (probably take around a year if price bottoms at $50 based on 2011 data) you should really sell now. 
It really sounds like you have invested more than you can afford to lose if a $10 drop in price is terrifying and you have no more money to invest. 
@_date: 2013-08-31 23:05:03
The "Exodus address" is a Bitcoin address that the creator has the private keys to. The creator is proposing features that are economically impossible to actually work. If he's really based in the US he's violating money laundering and securities laws too.
Also 500 people is a laughable distribution of coins. How successful would Bitcoin have been if only 500 people controlled all of the Bitcoins that would ever be made? Now consider if they had been sold by Satoshi Nakamoto himself and he tried to sell them all immediately before BitcoinQT was even coded. That's what Mr. "Willet" wants you to do with this "mastercoin" scam-coin.
I've been considering reporting his little scam to the SEC for a while, but it seemed that nobody was falling for it. Now that he's duped people out of so much of their money, I think it's time for the SEC to know about it. Here's a link for anyone who's been scammed by this guy:  .
@_date: 2013-10-18 03:07:21
Even worse than ripple. Mastercoin has basically no working features, and Dacoinminister took everyone's money up front. The currency isn't distributed enough to ever get bootstrapped. In short it's doomed to failure before it ever began, and Dacoinminister gets his money no matter what. It's really sad that people like him have acquired so many coins, he's run several scams in the past.
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:33:52
Question: Why do you require so much information to sign up for your website? I'm interested in testing your website but that's quite a bit of info to give out for no real reason (not like you actually need this data for financial transactions, these are just models).
@_date: 2013-05-10 17:40:39
(its a bit old but I like it)
The Pope, President George Bush Jr., a Rabbi, and a schoolboy are on an airplane. All of a sudden one of the engines goes out and the plane begins to dive. Sadly on this airplane there are only three parachutes available.
The Pope says "Surely my Church would be lost without me, I cannot inflict that upon them!" and with that grabs one of the parachutes and jumps out of the plane.
George Bush Jr. says "I'm the leader of the free world I've got to take a parachute for the good of America!" With that he grabs one and jumps out of the airplane.
Seeing that only one parachute is left The Rabbi says "Young sir, I am old and have had a satisfying life. You should be the one to use the last parachute".
The schoolboy says "That won't be necessary, President Bush grabbed my backpack!"
@_date: 2013-05-31 19:28:41
There's no reason to change the rules now. That would only destroy Bitcoin by destroying its credibility forever. If all the people and companies invested in the current proof of work function got fucked over that would be the end of Bitcoin. 
Start a new coin if you think this is a good idea.
@_date: 2013-11-14 15:05:51
That's not the law right now though. That's a totally hypothetical scenario that you came up with. This isn't coming from the government, it's a private company.
Just because a private company is trying to push this doesn't make the government any more likely to do anything to Bitcoin. And since its a private company this proposal has no chance of becoming widely used. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:09:46
This is cool and all but it's not how someone would actually attack people's private keys. We don't know the exact attack vector they would use but it would likely be some sort of flaw in the cryptography that makes the calculation insanely easier. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 16:24:51
If they keep trying to play the market they'll get burned. They can't predict the market better than anyone else. They got lucky and wrongly attributed it to their own skill as most people do when they get lucky. People who actually learn about the technology know there's long term potential in Bitcoin so going long is the most rational choice. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:52:36
You're welcome! I can't believe I posted this the day before such a big crash! Today's plummeting price surprised even me. Give it a little while to bottom out IMO. Don't get caught in the "bull trap". Remember we are ALL still early adopters at this point (and likely still will be in a few months).
@_date: 2013-09-08 15:49:50
While online wallets shouldn't be used to keep the majority of your Bitcoins eventually there will be one or several that are at least as secure as traditional credit cards. You could store just the money you expect to spend in the next few days in there and keep the bulk of your money in your own wallet. That would allow instant transactions for small purchases without that much risk.
@_date: 2013-06-03 22:32:46
I really don't think they should be punished. They seem to be working very hard on getting their shit together to get people's orders out the door. Supposedly they are working 24/7 and just waiting on parts. Considering they are shipping units already I really don't think they are a scam.
If you want to punish someone punish Cryoniks for their scams that they are totally getting away with. 
@_date: 2013-09-18 14:48:44
So this requires a quantum computer to solve, correct? Do you think it's likely the Bitcoin developers can change the effectiveness of this method in their process to secure Bitcoin against quantum cryptography?
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:20:00
Or the third option that he bought Bitcoins when they were cheaper and now wants to spend it to pay his rent instead of cashing out and then paying rent.
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:03:34
Agreed. Bitcoin isn't going to "kill the dollar" or likely any other world currency. Gold already exists and fiat currencies came after they did. There's room for Bitcoins among the different monies of the world. 
That sort of sentiment is what keeps a lot of people away from Bitcoin right now. 
It's like when people say "there would be mass rioting if they made Bitcoin illegal so they won't do that!". If you really believe that kind of shit you need to get off the computer, go for a walk, and get a reality check.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:38:50
This list really shows how hard it is to buy into Bitcoin right now. Good list though. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:50:35
Yeah the fact he called it that bothered me a lot too. That bit in his title was the first clue that this whole project was corrupt to the core. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:54:44
He acts like Bitcoin has an established merchant base that is willing to accept stable prices just like the USD. This simply isn't the case. 
Derp: "Just think in Bitcoins instead of dollars and you won't have lost any money!"
Prices for the merchants who are using bitcoins are pegged to the US dollar meaning that there is no price stability at all. Until merchants accept a certain number of bitcoins for a product and that number doesn't change according to the exchange rate it definitely DOES matter.
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:25:57
And how much of the funds do you have the private key for?
If you do have the private key at least that means he's not keeping them all for himself. He's still got plenty big of a stash I'm sure. But this is only a moral issue and not one related to the validity of the project.
Whether he keeps 1/5 of the money or 4/5 it is still just a money grab on his part since the project is fundamentally flawed (as killerstorm and many others have pointed out). So any money he takes is scam money.
@_date: 2013-09-07 23:15:44
People starting up pre-mined "alt-coins" that you have to buy directly from them such as Mastercoin have fooled a lot of noobies. They post a whitepaper that looks too complicated to decipher, they see a few "hero members" saying it looks good (these are sockpuppets of the creator), and then send their BTC to the creator's address just to make sure they don't "miss out on the next big thing!". Never send your BTC to someone in exchange for nothing but a promise. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 22:55:27
Thanks for the comment. I think  will feed  which will feed  in future cycles eventually resulting in long term market success for Bitcoin. Love the tree analogy. I actually think we could possibly get to 350+ (based on 2011) during this bubble period before we have reached maximum price growth and the tipping point (but invest at your own risk!). However it might take up to a year to get back to where we are now after that.
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:14:19
I'd like to add that there is such a thing as multi-signature transactions/wallets but I'm not well versed in them. This is likely a more secure way to keep your funds if you need to access them frequently (like in a business setting).
@_date: 2013-07-15 19:51:14
This kind of thing seems like a bad idea. The odds of someone physically breaking into your house and taking your Bitcoins are probably near 0 until they see your keychain and follow you home. It'd be like having a bumper sticker that says "I store gold ingots in my house!".
@_date: 2013-10-24 05:31:06
Coinbase is pretty easy and reliable. The price is having a bit of a flash crash right now, looks like you get a discount.
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:43:30


Did you read the notice? They actually said it should be considered a commodity rather than a currency and said the meaning of "currency" should be reserved for "actual currency".
I'm not saying they are against Bitcoin either but please don't post false info. 
As far as I can tell they are enacting regulation similar to the U.S. with these rules.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:14:12
Did it look like they would really be able to produce 400 units a day with the equipment, staff, resources etc that they have? 
@_date: 2013-09-21 20:58:58
From your own link:
"Civil disobedience is the active, professed refusal to obey certain laws, demands, and commands of a government, or of an occupying international power."
 
Going to jail isn't the litmus test for whether you're performing civil disobedience and it's pretty sad how many people have repeated this time and time again lately. If you believe a law is unjust and refuse to obey it without using violence yourself you're doing civil disobedience. 
People who participate in civil disobedience must expect that the powers that be will try to stop them through arresting them, killing them etc, but these things happening aren't required for their actions to be "civil disobedience". All that's required to meet that definition is peacefully disobeying an unjust law.
@_date: 2013-10-07 05:54:42
Now is a bad time to buy a Bitcoin miner. Nobody is going to make their money back this late into the game. Just buy Bitcoins directly instead.
@_date: 2013-11-11 22:48:26
What would happen if Bitcoin were made illegal in the US?
1. The price of Bitcoins would initially plummet since the US is the primary user of Bitcoins worldwide
2. The price would not go to 0, other countries use Bitcoins and have declared them legal.
If the US is intent upon wiping out Bitcoin it could strongarm the rest of the world into making it illegal. This is what they did with the UN's global drug policy that they forced on everyone. As others say though that didn't stop people from using drugs. It's certainly possible that it could survive as an illegal currency in that case. 
The problem though is that the Bitcoin network right now is not nearly as anonymous as it would need to be to survive being made illegal. Anyone developing software for it would become a criminal, as well as anyone using a traditional Bitcoin QT client, hosting the blockchain for others, or mining. It's unclear how to code around this problem, so it's very much up in the air whether Bitcoin could survive a coordinated attack of this type.
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:00:43
It's much like creating a company before knowing what the company will actually do or how it will do it. Like Tom's company in Parks and Recreation. 
What do we do? Fuck if I know! It's the hottest investment opportunity around though! Eventually we will have a business model and it will be amazing!!!!
@_date: 2013-06-17 17:43:09
Its funny that the picture for this is Ramsay Bolton's face as he is torturing Theon Greyjoy. Avalon buyers are more or less getting flayed alive and having their dicks chopped off so it's appropriate =(.
(it's someone's user picture a few posts into the linked thread)
@_date: 2013-04-10 00:55:47
I make the distinction because when people think "bubble" they think a one time increase to an all time high then a dump to near worthlessness (tulips, beanie babies, etc). I don't think this crash will kill BTC any more than the 2011 crash did.
 The only bad time to buy into a bubble (mini or otherwise) is if it's going to pop before you can get out and make a profit. Price has already been spiking for a while and exchanges aren't reliable for getting your money out. That's why buying into BTC at today's prices is gambling and not guaranteed money even though it has fairly strong fundamentals. 
@_date: 2013-09-07 22:59:19
For remittance to be popular using Bitcoin we need services which will get rid of the risks of currency volatility and remove the Bitcoin learning curve from the equation. Imagine people who want to send money cheaply but don't have the highest confidence in their computer security skills and don't want to risk losing a large amount of money while sending it to their relatives in need. That actually describes most of the population even in the USA.
Bitcoin needs front end remittance services which allow users to send from dollars to yuan for example without ever having to hold their own Bitcoins. Bitcoins would be used only as the back end that allows a network of remittance providers an alternative exchange pathway. 
Intermediary services could potentially make money from eliminating these risks in addition to any fees they charge. Even though Bitcoin transfers only take an hour maximum to be fully confirmed individual exchange partners could delay payments by a few days in exchange for the lowest tier of fees. The fees payed could be linked to the time it would take for a payment to fully clear with faster payments having slightly higher fees. Total fees would need to be kept lower than traditional remittance options to keep things competitive, but I believe it could be done for significantly less than 8.85%. The decision to buy more Bitcoin with that money or hold another currency would then be up to the firm (and could be their main way of making money other than fees alone). 
If an individual were to send $500 to China for example the recipient would be guaranteed to get $500 worth of Yuan in 3 days. If this money were used to purchase Bitcoin immediately and the price rose in the mean time the difference could be kept by the company as profits. The consumer would recieve $500 in Yuan 3 days later exactly as promised and would have been protected if the currency had dropped in value over that time.
This kind of win-win would make such a service very attractive to both consumers and people looking to start a business.
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:33:41
Good luck finding the tipping point (you can't honestly assume infinite exponential growth). I wrote a short article with my prediction earlier:
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:54:35
Very good comment! I argue some of the same things here:
+1 upvote!
@_date: 2013-09-07 22:47:00
You don't need to explain everything about Bitcoin to him. Just explain that his company can make more money by accepting Bitcoins and using a payment processor like BitPay or Coinbase. If he wants to get into the technical details of Bitcoin that's up to him but not really necessary at all to accept payments in Bitcoin and open his business up to that market.
@_date: 2013-10-18 07:32:24
The "mastercoin foundation" was set up after he started accepting money into the account he has the private keys for. 
It's made up of accounts that posted blog posts about how "mastercoin is the next big investment" a few hours after he announced the "project". There's no way those accounts could have been 3rd parties jumping so enthusiastically on board as to create a whole blog site just about it that quickly after his first forum post. 
Honestly the mastercoin "foundation" is just as big a scam as the rest of the "project". It's meant to give it the appearance of legitimacy when in fact it's just a facade. 
@_date: 2013-12-08 16:14:23


This is so fucking stupid. Bitcoin isn't going to end any nation-state. "Success" for Bitcoin means coexistence with the other currencies of the world. It's not an us versus the world situation. Did Gold "end the nation-state"? Did silver? 
Stop saying this bullshit if you care about Bitcoin because when you talk this way everyone else thinks you're insane and that Bitcoin is only for wackos.
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:51:52
I think you should work on it asap! When it comes to being successful overall I get the impression that people work for insane amounts of time before really hitting it big. The harder you work the luckier you get. Yes some people hit the jackpot for little work but you can't expect that if you want to create your own success.
Don't think too small. You are setting up a system which you hope will keep growing (just like Satoshi with Bitcoin in a way). For a system to grow the governing rules of the system have to be rock solid to give people confidence for its future. Think of a plant for an analogy. The plant itself cannot grow without a sufficient root structure. 
 This website could overthrow Mt. Gox and the other exchanges if it is good enough. There's widespread dislike of how poorly current exchanges do things. I think you should not underestimate how big of a psychological draw it would be for people to never have to trust an exchange with their money. You would instantly have a unique feature that would draw users immediately and continue growing. This is the feature that everyone in the Bitcoin community (think about the nature of bitcoin) would go nuts over.
One tough part would be making money on an exchange which never held onto anyone's money.
 Using the blockchain to do escrow however would drastically reduce the effort needed to run the site. You'd probably be able to keep website overhead low enough to be funded by donations, and probably would never need to have a money services license either since you wouldn't actually be banking in any real sense. 
@_date: 2013-08-19 22:58:26
Coinbase should give you your coins within 4 days in your account on their servers. Hit the send money button to transfer to your local Bitcoin address. As others have said you need a Bitcoin wallet program in order to store your coins yourself. 
BitcoinQT is the "official" client that stores a record of the blockchain locally. The blockchain is a record of all Bitcoin transactions. Bitcoins never actually exist on your computer using any client but are stored within the blockchain's public ledger. There is a consensus algorithm that uses the copy of the blockchain the majority of miners are using to ensure everyone has the same blocks and coins can't be double spent. 
Electrum is a light weight client that uses public servers to check your wallet's status. Your private keys aren't broadcast to the server though so it is secure. It's a good option if you don't have the space on your computer to store the entire blockchain.
Whichever wallet you use make sure to encrypt it (very important) and back it up onto a USB drive or multiple USB drives. Just don't lose your password and backups when storing coins locally or you could lose your wallet should something happen on your computer. 
Computer security is very important when you're storing Bitcoins locally since malware could steal your coins (it's still safer than storing them on someone else's server though). You should consider using a computer that you don't normally browse the internet on (preferably with a freshly wiped hard drive &amp; new install of operating system) to manage your coins. When browsing the internet I recommend using the NoScript Firefox addon for extra security in addition to any anti-virus you use. Your anti-virus likely won't be able to find 100% of malicious items so as always practice safe downloading. 
From your posts I can tell you definitely need to do a bit more research! Hope this helps though.
Check out the Bitcoin wiki introduction for more info: 
@_date: 2013-12-07 19:57:53


Bitcoin is designed with a fixed supply so prices denominated in btc are always going to tend to deflate rather than inflate as long as usage increases. Some people say that Bitcoin "crashes upward" because after each big bubble-crash cycle it has ended up about 2x more valuable than before at a minimum. That means a lot of people have a lot of money to spend. 
Why would they spend it when it will probably be more valuable next year? Because their small investment is now worth a ton and they want particular items *now*. They are more likely to purchase things simply because they have higher purchasing power. 
@_date: 2013-08-01 01:37:46
-No currently released source code
-Creator asking for money before anything's done to bribe him into completing the project
-Money "invested" in this coin goes straight into his pockets before anyone actually owns the coins
Let me spell it for you: S C A M
@_date: 2013-10-24 20:50:12
It's necessary to compare prices using Dollars until you can buy just about anything you want with Bitcoins. Then you'll just price things in Bitcoins.
"A loaf of bread is about 3 mBtc"
"A new toyota is about 20,000 mBtc"
"A cruise vacation is about 800 mBtc"
@_date: 2013-09-22 04:01:51
You're really blowing that one line out of context. Thoreau wasn't trying to stress the necessity of going to jail to qualify as civil disobedience but the fact that going to jail was preferable to living against one's own will and nature.
It's a great essay, I just reread it because it's definitely worth the time. I don't think you really understood him very well if going to jail is the only thing that defines the term.
@_date: 2013-12-07 20:04:11
1) Bitpay/Coinbase remove the risk of volatility from merchants taking bitcoin
2) Increased purchasing power means more purchases are likely.
@_date: 2013-10-24 03:46:38
Stop being greedy and trying to multiply your coins. Just buy what you can and hold onto them. Long term Bitcoin has been growing logarithmically. Short term it is very easy to lose all your money by picking the wrong top or bottom (even 'financial experts' are very bad at this). 
You only lose money if you sell lower than you bought. If the people who bought in at 30 and then sold at 5 in 2011 would have just held until today they would have made huge gains. Your greed and attachment to becoming wealthy is what is causing you to be so anxious.
@_date: 2013-09-07 20:29:39
There are people who want to spend their Bitcoins on things like computer parts. Accepting payments in Bitcoins is really easy and low risk with services like BitPay and Coinbase that instantly convert Bitcoins received into dollars. 
Merchants can expand their buyers without exposing themselves to the risks of Bitcoin price volatility. So it's basically free money. 
They would recieve a lot of publicity and free advertising from tech websites since they would definitely be one of the biggest companies to start accepting Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-21 21:13:50
People don't really have to take pains to protect themselves though. The site is so successful because it's so easy for the average person to use. SR is nothing more than an enabler of civil disobedience to unjust drug laws themselves (as the post you first responded to noted). 
So people who use SR that see themselves as being civilly disobedient are actually referring to using drugs rather than the action of buying from SR. By decreasing the cost of civil disobedience more people are likely to take part.
@_date: 2013-10-22 14:47:16
Coinbase already has pretty much everything you need for payment integration set up already it looks to me. Even if you don't get a ton of Bitcoin business immediately eventually it will be much higher. 
With a deflationary currency (like Bitcoin right now) people can either cash out directly into another currency at the peaks or they can spend their money on things they want with greatly increased purchasing power. So after Bitcoin jumps in price like this there are a ton of people out there who are eager to spend their Bitcoins (and the deflation makes no difference to you if you use Coinbase since you get USD).
You shouldn't have to spend countless hours at this stage, just a few and you'll be set for the future just in case people want to buy things from you with their newly found purchasing power.
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:38:52
This is assuming that there are a ton of businesses out there willing to get paid only in Bitcoins. Which isn't currently the case. Who knows what the future will bring though.
@_date: 2013-05-27 07:45:37
Political Science uses the scientific method like the 'hard' sciences do. Hypotheses must be stated and then judged true or false based on statistics not intuition or rhetoric alone. Assuming that the conclusions of physics are immutable is simply bad philosophy of science. The scientific method is inductive reasoning and all inductive reasoning can only produce statements that are reasonably certain rather than absolutely certain. Even things that appear to be laws could only be so within our current paradigm of understanding. 
@_date: 2013-08-01 01:55:35
So please tell us, what's your conversion of BTC into development time? Is there a magic machine that you feed them into that shits out little bricks of code? 
@_date: 2013-09-03 04:03:36
This is an excellent response! Thanks NullandVoidEntity!
The principle behind the prisoner's dilemma (game theory) can be applied here too. Let's say for example there is a group of 10 miners who each own 5% of the Bitcoins in existence. They are aware that the others exist and want to get the maximum fiat money for their Bitcoins as well. They also are aware that if everyone waits to sell they will all likely get more money for their Bitcoins over time. However when one of them dumps the others will make less money. The one who dumps last makes the least amount of money. The equilibrium state (that maximizes their utility) is to sell in parts earlier rather than later to avoid being preempted by other major actors.
If there is significant money to be made now, big holders will sell now fearing that other big holders will crash the market before them. A guaranteed profit is often preferred by smart investors to a potentially higher yet riskier chance of profit in the future. So while everyone might make more money if they hold for a long time, each individual has an incentive to sell in order to guarantee their own profit.
@_date: 2013-08-01 01:35:27
He hasn't purchased any coins and never really can because he controls the coin generation. He'd be taking Bitcoins from one hand and putting them into another while creating as many "Mastercoins" as he wants. In effect there is no limit to the amount of fake coins he could create this way. 
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:13:08
I have heard that "Shamir's secret sharing algorithm" can encrypt and split data in a way that x of y total keyholders must combine their fragments in order to get access to the data. This could be used to split up your Bitcoin wallets so that x number of users would be required to collude to access the funds.
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:46:58
The only way people could get "mastercoins" was to buy them from you. There is no mining. That's centralization. That's a pre-mined scam coin.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:55:22
Seeing a crash written on the wall and knowing when it will be are two different things.
@_date: 2013-05-31 19:12:10
Then create an alt-coin based upon limiting the amount of coin mined per ip address. 
Bitcoin is an experiment in free market economics. The people who are willing to invest money are the ones who make money.
The only reason you see it as a problem is because you didn't invest early.
@_date: 2013-05-08 15:44:10
Just to be clear I'm not being negative about your site or your trustworthiness. As far as I can tell NashX looks totally legit. 
The thing I'm trying to get across is that even legit exchanges have gotten hacked. There is simply no such thing as a totally secure website. The average user simply has no way of knowing how good your website's behind the scenes security is. 
That's why it would be better if you never held onto users' bitcoins in the first place. 
If people didn't even have to trust you with the risked BTC your website would absolutely take off... trust me. (lol)
@_date: 2013-12-05 17:43:29


@_date: 2013-10-26 00:22:51
Do you have to be a lawyer to know what the law is? No. He's doing essentially the same thing as several other people who have been arrested. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 03:53:39
That just makes it seem like monopoly money.
There's got to be a middle ground.
@_date: 2013-04-09 22:36:34
I honestly don't think the 2011 crash was due to Mt. Gox being hacked. People realized that BTC was overvalued at its current utility and it had a several month long drop back to market value as that bubble ended. History repeats itself.
@_date: 2013-05-08 14:56:39
Let me say I think your site is a cool idea. I learned about game theory and nash equilibrium this semester in school. 
The main problem is with so many exchanges being compromised trust really is an issue. Since you are such a small new exchange with a bare bones website getting people to trust you with their money is going to be hard. 
Since the idea of a Nash equilibrium exchange is to remove the incentive to cheat by removing the requirement of trust I think it would make people quicker to adopt your exchange if they didn't have to trust you either. Think from the perspective of the average user... risking 2 BTC to be able to buy 1 BTC is quite a bit of faith to put into an unknown website. 
The whole idea behind Bitcoin is that you can trust technology instead of some central authority. Sure it's a lot of work to implement blockchain escrow but that's the most important thing to get people to actually use your site. 
Don't give up! I know you can make this happen.
@_date: 2013-10-18 07:30:03
There are basically none of the features that he is advertising except keeping track of the balance of coins that JR Willet sold people. He wrote up a script to track the "mastercoins" because people were apprehensive about sending him money for nothing, and thats about it. Bitcoin devs have threatened to prevent mastercoin from exploiting the blockchain if it gains any kind of significant usage (aka kill it). 
Try and read his "whitepaper" if you want, it's almost total nonsense. It's pretty apparent he hasn't taken even high school economics. It's one of those papers where he's hoping nobody else can understand it and they automatically just assume it's too smart for them to get. He kept using language like "you never know, it might be the next big thing!! Toss a few coins just to be sure you don't miss out!" to promote it on the forums. His entire strategy for getting investment was to basically exploit people's greed and hope they think they're just too stupid to really understand what was going on with his protocol.
@_date: 2013-11-19 19:46:17
Bitcoin is a new technology like the internet. Like the internet Americans stand to gain the most if the rest of the world adopts it. Americans are currently and historically the biggest users &amp; holders of Bitcoin.
As long as we don't over regulate it over fear of its downsides it will bring an incredible era of prosperity for the American people. 
People were afraid of the bad things the internet could cause and did cause. However the internet has revolutionized modern communication and brought the US a huge amount of economic growth. 
Burdening Bitcoin with over regulation would be like shutting down the internet in its infancy out of fear of harmful uses. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:34:20
The Bitcoin foundation didn't sell Bitcoins directly. They never advertised that donating to them would be anything other than a donation; never called it an investment as Dacoinminister did with "Mastercoin". 
His project is open source because he couldn't closed source it and have anyone accept it. One effect of this though is that if he ever develops anything useful for Mastercoin the community will strip out his pre-mine. Everyone who buys "Mastercoins" before they are useful and can be generated independently will be absolutely fucked. J.R. Willet will still have all those Bitcoins though. How can you say that's not a scam?
@_date: 2013-09-01 06:24:22
Even if he produces a client that allows the trading of "mastercoins" the economics are totally unrealistic. He actually thinks he's going to make money by having an escrow hold an artificial peg to the value of something else.
@_date: 2013-08-01 20:56:38
You're arguing semantics here. You can exchange a dollar for a certain amount of value because 1) it's widely recognized as money 2) there's a threat of violence if someone tampers with it (counterfeiting). The simple fact is that people want a way to exchange money without limits and Bitcoin is valuable because it provides this service. It does this using methods which inspire user confidence in the same way that the dollar's supporting tenets. That's just as good of a "backing" (whether you want to use that word or not) as the dollar has.
@_date: 2013-06-02 18:29:15
They are selling them for so much that people aren't really going to spring for them. Notice that most of these chips are of different grades. They are probably selling off the sub-par chips left over from getting products ready for mass production.
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:07:51
Keep in mind that gold has been used as money for thousands of years though. Even with the rapid growth that modern economies have it's going to take a long time for world commerce to grow as much (in relative terms) as it did since gold was first used as currency. Probably at least 100 years before Bitcoins reach anything like that. And in 100 years nobody knows how much the Dollar will be worth anyway.
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:03:46
Nobody has to use those services. Plenty of people sell things directly for Bitcoin because they know what they are getting into and accept the risks. To them the potential for gain outweighs the risk. Each bubble has seen lower relative volatility than the last and crashed down to 2x the initial value at least. 
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:14:54
The difficulty adjustment is programmed into the protocol and self adjusts according to the rate of block generation. The target rate of generation is one per 10 minutes. If more hashing power begins mining blocks are likely to be generated more quickly than once per 10 minutes. Every 2016 blocks the difficulty goes up so that the projected rate of block creation = 10 minutes again at the current network hashrate. 
@_date: 2013-10-24 03:42:37
Buy in now, you're still an early adopter.  You don't want to be pissed at yourself that you didn't buy before the tidal wave that's coming.
@_date: 2013-08-01 02:23:48
You keep deleting posts that are critical of you on the Bitcointalk.org thread. Maybe you wouldn't need to self-moderate your threads if you weren't a scammer who is totally full of shit.
"Mastercoin" is nothing but a nigerian prince scam in the clothes of an alt-coin. 
@_date: 2013-07-04 18:51:10
Is this a complete service for remittance? What I mean is, can someone in America send Bitcoins and have their Kenyan relatives receive local currency they can spend through M-pesa? If so are the total fees less than current providers?
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:42:51
As you say the funds in the "exodus address" have absolutely no connection to the value of Mastercoins. Right now the only function of "mastercoins" is to show a number of coins owned and badly shuffle them around. And you do own the private keys to that exodus address meaning even when this thing fails you'll be set. I hope the SEC nails you.
@_date: 2013-08-27 17:27:51
 I followed the advice in the other BFL refund after 45 days thread. I emailed BFL for a refund. Then I called PayPal and asked to refund my April 2, 2013 order with them. The representative I talked to said she talked to her manager and that they wanted me to try and get my CC company to refund the purchase. I called my credit card company and they gave me a chargeback fairly easily when I told them how BFL is publicly stating they are giving no refunds for pre-orders on unshipped products (this is illegal to do).
@_date: 2013-12-26 23:54:28
Why assume we are "returning to a rapid price rise" trend rather than that this is part of the normal ups and downs of Bitcoin as it corrects? 
@_date: 2013-05-31 19:24:34
I guess you can ignore the fact that you're human if you want.
Seems pretty important to me.
Note that I never put science down, but you seem to want to put the social sciences down to make yourself feel better. Without philosophy and the social sciences our society would be a terrible place to live regardless of the advancement of the physical sciences.
How are you going to define what is good or bad while ignoring the fact that you are a human being? Saying something is good is saying it ought to be done. Reptiles, bugs, etc are indifferent to human life at best and view us as food at worst. 
Morality has to be based around something, and that something is necessarily biased in favor of one's own survival. A machine's morality would be machine focused. A reptile's morality would be reptile focused. Reptiles would find it good to eat a human being, for example. Forget studying science for the sake of creatures which are millions of years from any sort of ability to understand it. 
You are proposing that we look at the world through the eyes of a dead and detached observer without regard for human life. Ironically you mention that even the units and formulas we use only make sense within the context of their current definitions. Both Humanism and Science are needed to make the world a better place to live. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 05:56:18
Coinbase is good enough for buying, you don't truly need a normal exchange unless you plan on both buying and selling frequently. He's just looking to buy and it's very easy there. You get locked into the price you buy at, even though it takes days to actually get them. He could use Bitstamp but it might take a long time to get his money in using a wire transfer. The price is rising pretty rapidly, so I think he'd be better off either buying instantly from someone on localbitcoins or buying using Coinbase and locking his price in.
@_date: 2013-08-23 02:35:58
Price is created by market forces of supply and demand. The more people looking to sell at any given price point the lower the price they will sell at to compete for 'buy slots'. Similarly buyers will offer higher offers than each other in order to buy more quickly. 
What do people base their decisions to buy or sell on? Everything you can imagine that's related to Bitcoin's success. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 15:56:26


I'm so sorry for your loss
@_date: 2013-09-13 15:05:15
What an insane post. Bitcoin did not create the prison industrial complex. Bitcoin did not create the working conditions in China. Activities people do to earn money are generating income for themselves not wasting their time. 
You weren't manipulating the "facts". You were totally going off into crazy land. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 22:29:51
Purely hypothetical. No relation to reality.
Of course any sort of coin invalidation must be opposed so fungibility isnt destroyed.
@_date: 2013-07-30 06:09:29
prevent your money from being intentionally devalued by central banks to their private owner's benefit. Math currency &gt; paper currency
@_date: 2013-08-17 23:35:57
Bitcoin is really more of a digitial lottery that weights your odds based upon computing power submitted. You're not creating the currency yourself but rather receiving it from the network in exchange for winning a round of the lottery.
@_date: 2013-08-01 01:59:03
You're right that nobody's done this before. Most alt coins let you generate them for free by mining. Nobody's had the audacity before you to make an "alt-coin" that you mine by giving money directly to the creator. Maybe because that's such an obvious scam that nobody else thought anyone would fall for it. Congratulations on trying to explore the depth of human stupidity. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:26:18
That's such a large amount of bitcoins they have mined. Way more than could be justified by 'testing' at all. Holy shit. This might have really happened. 
edit: on bitcoin IRC gmaxwell says that is eclipse pool's address... could explain all that hashing power
@_date: 2013-08-23 23:08:12
I think a double spend is more like fraud (say, writing a bad check) than counterfeiting. Bitcoin is currently not able to be counterfeited but it's certainly possible if the developers don't keep up with new algorithms and hardware that we so far haven't foreseen becoming available.
@_date: 2013-09-01 00:24:49
He put 100k+ of his money into a Bitcoin account that he has the private keys to. That's not any kind of an investment on his part, it's shuffling money from one pocket into the other. When this "mastercoin" isn't worth shit a few months from now he'll still have all of his Bitcoins (and everyone else's). 
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:38:00
The "exodus address" doesn't actually contribute value to Mastercoin though. Sure he can have coding contests, but the spending of money is what would potentially add value there. There's no way he won't keep most of the coins that went to that address considering he already has the private key to it. 
Violating federal law should be a concern for him since he's taken hundreds of thousands of dollars of people's money in a get-rich-quick investment scheme. He also happens to live in the US. They are probably already investigating him as we speak. 
@_date: 2013-06-04 21:22:20
The QUICKENING!!!!
THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE COIN! 
*Man jumps out of nowhere wearing a Bitcoin costume and chops the head off a man wearing a Litecoin shirt*
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:18:44
Scarcity alone isn't enough to create value. 
For example let's say I try to create a limited edition sack of poo that I will only ever issue one of. Buy it today! You'll never get another chance to own this unique item! I'll even sign a contract saying that I will never sell another limited edition sack of poo as long as I live.
Information about something's utility is what creates value, not scarcity or labor alone. 
We desire things that we learn have utility through one means or another. Scarcity and labor cost simply modify the price of goods that are already desired. Since we have to discover the uses of everything, rather than having it *a priori* nothing is intrinsically valuable in the sense of a purpose that is always self-apparent. Or you could say that everything is potentially intrinsically valuable and we simply don't know all the uses for things yet. 
Either way there isn't really a distinction between goods with intrinsic value and those without. Everything that has any value is both intrinsically valuable (when it can be directly used for a desired purpose) and potentially extrinsically useful (other people desire it and will exchange things for it).
@_date: 2013-11-14 14:59:27
There is no if. Businesses won't do things against their own self interest. That's it. 
@_date: 2013-09-10 00:13:47
A better way to protect yourself from fraud would be to do as Coastermonger says and require another 2 factor authentication check (in addition to the login check) before Bitcoins are bought or sent out of your Coinbase wallet. Also you guys should really work on getting a support phone number to call. I'd much rather use Coinbase than any other exchange right now but you guys need to work on these things.
@_date: 2013-06-06 18:07:52
Seriously. I was thinking the same thing.
BFL follows through and everyone still bitches.
@_date: 2013-08-01 02:43:38
Right, you're too busy scamming stupid people into sending you Bitcoins for promises of future "mastercoins". 
@_date: 2013-06-10 18:14:37
"Merchants with a business model that is related to Bitcoin but does not sell Bitcoins may be acceptable. For example: ...Merchants selling computer hardware designed specifically for mining Bitcoins."
The only thing that could hurt BFL is "no pre-orders" but they have resolved this problem with Ebay by giving refunds for a practically infinite period of time. I think as soon as BFL refused to honor a pay-pal customer's preorder refund they would crack down on BFL. Normally you only have 45 days for that, but since it's a pre-order they are pretty much forced to always refund if the customer wants it with pay-pal as the payment method.
@_date: 2013-11-14 13:50:22
Coin validation is overblown. Why would a merchant ever reduce their customer pool voluntarily? Why would a merchant ever compromise customer privacy for no benefit (especially in a privacy conscious community like the Bitcoin community)?
@_date: 2013-08-23 21:13:40
70 million is actually a very small amount of money in relation to the total money supply. That actually shows just how good at preventing counterfeiting of the dollar the US really is.
Bitcoin's definitely harder to counterfeit than gold or silver. People have been tricking others with fake gold and silver for hundreds of years already (likely since they were first used as currency).
@_date: 2013-08-17 23:37:52
X-posting this from the other thread:
Bitcoin is really more of a digitial lottery that weights your odds based upon computing power submitted. You're not creating the currency yourself but rather receiving it from the network in exchange for winning a round of the lottery.
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:29:12
I used BitInstant and got my Bitcoins in 10 minutes. They comply with regulations and are very reliable. Try them out, they are exactly what you are asking for.
Bitcoins are secure to use as long as you don't have a compromised computer and follow reasonable security. Use the No-Script addon for firefox, a good virus scanner, a firewall and don't click random suspicious links. Use a local wallet instead of an online wallet because online wallets are never really secure. Use a different password and username for each website you make an account on (so if one place gets hacked all your accounts aren't compromised).
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:14:23
Just as distributed as Bitcoin? What a joke. You sold your "Mastercoins" directly to people and pocketed the money. Your "Mastercoin foundation" is a sham made up of sock puppets (they were posting blogs about how "Mastercoin is the hot new investment opportunity" hours after you announced the project). Likely less than a few hundred people own Mastercoins compared with nearly 100k Bitcoin owners. 
If you ever release all the code, there's no reason for people to honor the pre-distribution of Mastercoins so your "investors" are fucked. You're also violating multiple federal laws so if the project ever actually works you're fucked. This project is poison and it's a shame you've scammed this many people. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 13:42:22
This will never catch on. Even a basic economic/game theory analysis shows it's a bunk proposition.
There's no incentive for a business to voluntarily give their business records to this company and violate their customers privacy since its not yet required. On top of that blacklisting any unknown Bitcoin address removes a huge pool of potential customers from being able to buy their products. Any Bitcoin business who does this will be shooting themselves in the foot without any gain as the goal. 
This idea suffers the "you first" problem, so businesses will only ever do this if the law is changed to require it, never voluntarily.
@_date: 2013-08-01 05:35:14
Currency is only based upon "faith" if you define it to mean the same thing as "confidence". Rational people don't blindly believe that a particular currency will be valuable but base it upon concrete facts. It's only imaginary money if there's nothing backing it.  
Though fiat money is created solely on the promise of an institution it does posses collective acceptance as money and the threat of force if it is tampered with to give it value. Bitcoin's backed by math and open source development as well as worldwide online acceptance as money. Something such as the "Mastercoin" project is an example of someone trying to create imaginary money out of thin air backed by "faith" alone rather than "confidence".
@_date: 2013-08-08 21:52:54
This article is terrible. 
For one it says the more people that start using it the worse of a medium of exchange it'll be (that's nonsense).
 Then the author says that the SEC shutting down a ponzi scheme denominated in Bitcoin is bad news for Bitcoin. As long as you don't run ponzi schemes with the currency it is actually only a good thing. SEC shuts down ponzi scheme does not equal Bitcoin is an SEC target. The SEC protecting Bitcoin investors by preventing this type of behavior will likely increase consumer confidence in the currency rather than decrease it.
He assumes that regulations will make Bitcoin less efficient than the traditional finance system. That's not currently the case and all the regulations he cites already exist. There's tons of room for companies to offer Bitcoin services at better margins than traditional money transfers while still complying with the law. 
The author also assumes that just because the government wants to shut something down that they can. Look at the current state of filesharing and then tell me if you believe that one bit.
@_date: 2013-11-13 06:28:38
Yeah fuck the system, pay back your loans!!
@_date: 2013-09-09 03:50:19
You can say it has 0% inflation, but you'd be more correct if you said "The owner pre-mined 100% of the coins and then sold them himself". Mastercoin is nothing but a scam.
@_date: 2013-09-22 04:04:45
Make a simple website. Include samples of your guitar playing and explain your teaching style. You can get hosting for like 6 bucks a month including your domain name. Then advertise on here and Bitcointalk.org. Give away discounted lessons to people as a way to build your business's popularity.
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:53:57


Great post. The quoted bit delighted me. 
@_date: 2013-10-18 07:18:12
Daconminister sold all of the coins directly. That's a pre-mine, whether you want to call it one or not. The "oversight board" was created out of what appeared to be his sock puppet accounts after people heavily criticized him for controlling the funds in the exodus address.
Satoshi Nakamoto didn't sell Bitcoins directly, anyone could mine them for free. Since anyone could get them with hardware they already had Bitcoin was able to be spread to many users very quickly. Mastercoin is so pathetically concentrated into the hands of a few that there is no chance for it to catch on. 
Dacoinminister doesn't have to "run" with the funds, he already owns them. All he has to do now is say "oh hey guy's its open source, I don't even run mastercoin" and he's set for life. He can just do $25,000 coding contests for a few months to keep up appearances then give up and keep the rest of the cash. Seriously what idiot could fall for this? 
@_date: 2013-09-13 15:09:27
I was told by paypal to contact my credit card company and initiate a chargeback. They wanted me to wait for a response denying my refund before they did so.
I called BFL and listened to the message saying "no refunds", looked up posts on the forums saying so, and at their official policy statement of no refunds and cited these as evidence they were denying all non-forced refunds. They started the chargeback the next day.
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:08:51
The coins sent into the "Exodus Address" are not black-holed or destroyed in any way. The creator J.R. Willet holds the private keys and always has. This is nothing but a money grab by him that exploited people's greed.  
He kept posting things like "just throw a few coins in to make sure you get in on the *next big thing*". He set a deadline you had to send them in by. He barely had a script set up to send coins at all when that deadline passed. And the whole project is still junk months later (color me not surprised).
@_date: 2013-11-12 23:07:36
Great points. Negative interest debt is definitely a promising idea for deflationary currency. The problem is that this won't be realistic until Bitcoin has a rock solid reputation for year after year appreciation (decades' worth). 
The economic and environmental benefits of using Bitcoin are awesome. A more frugal lifestyle with reduced consumption of short-lived goods would be a great thing. 
None of the benefits of Bitcoin necessarily makes old currencies obsolete though. As long as they have utility for someone they will continue to be used. Personally I see Bitcoin coexisting with the other currencies of the world in a hybrid system rather than replacing them. There's just no incentive for the powerful governments of the world to switch to using a currency that they don't control and abandon the one they do. There's really no need for it for Bitcoin to be very successful either. 
@_date: 2013-08-26 21:37:28
Bitcoin is actually mostly concentrated in the US right now though. So if people in China buy Bitcoin it's still a transfer of wealth to the united states. The only difference is the people of the US actually get the gains rather than entrenched power players.
@_date: 2013-11-29 17:12:28
The US dollar is "tangible" in cash form but what does that even really mean? That there is a piece of paper with some stuff printed on it. There's no physical backing that you can exchange it for (US has been off the gold standard since 71) except for goods that people sell denominated in dollars. Those prices could go up or down at any moment and so don't really guarantee any sort of value either. So in the end the only thing that gives that piece of paper value is information (which is totally nonphysical, but can be transmitted through physical symbols). The stuff printed on it lets you be fairly certain when you accept it that you are  accepting money. You know that merchants will accept it in exchange for goods and they know they can exchange those dollars for their supplies.
When you get down to it though there's nothing fundamentally different about where the value for the US dollar and Bitcoin's value comes from. Once more people and merchants become aware that it has all the properties of money tangibility is irrelevant. 
@_date: 2013-10-22 19:49:44
Agree with this. I'm no crystal ball reader and often the news will cause a shift in the opposite direction from what you would expect (like SR shutdown). Sometimes Bitcoin is treated as a hedge against the dollar and other times falls along with bad news in the US. Trading all the time is definitely more greedy than holding. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:38:35
You can get your money out of exchanges as long as you have bank transfer set up. But the relatively low amount of total money in the Bitcoin market means its very volatile. Big buy and sell orders have a noticeable effect on the exchange rate, and there has been lots of lag on Mt. Gox which last I heard had 50% of the exchange traffic. Many exchanges have been hacked including Mt. Gox.
They also are having difficulty handling the volume they have been (leading to the lag). By the time you buy or sell the market could be much different from when you placed your order. Someone cashing out big by themselves (like an early adopter) could crash the price substantially. 
I'm not dumping everything I have right now into buying when its an all time high.  I don't think it's rational to believe the current bubble will never pop.
 Invest only what you are ok with losing at a price that is right (you must determine this).The low amount of money in bitcoin's market also means that if investors start jumping in or big companies start accepting it rapidly the price could go up dramatically. Right now though it doesn't seem the like the bitcoin infrastructure is quite ready for that kind of investment. 
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:26:02
He wouldn't have to worry about the government if he had made an independent generation mechanism for mastercoins. None of the other altcoin creators need to worry about it because they are decentralized. Instead he sold them directly to people. That's the price of greed. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:15:53
Your theory is way off: 
1 Crime lords paying their cronies in Bitcoins makes no sense if the cronies can't buy anything with it.
2 With the exchange problems and high market volatility it makes no financial sense to try to store money (even illegally gotten) in Bitcoin.
Illegal transactions might form a nice and solid group of users that will likely hesitate to leave but they won't be what makes this become a legit and stable international currency. Merchant acceptance is definitely more important because it will grow the base of users and $ value in the currency without initiating a huge bubble-crash. It'll also mean you can actually pay people with it who aren't Bitcoin evangelists (very important). 
@_date: 2013-11-12 22:08:36
Actually "old bankers money" does lots of useful things still. It allows the issuance of debt since it's inflationary and the interest rate can be somewhat controlled. You might not believe that debt is necessary but you'd be very wrong. 
Companies borrowing capital is an extremely important part of the world economy which isn't going away. Loaning any deflationary currency simply doesn't make sense because those loans aren't going to be able to be paid back. Most people get loans for basic things like houses and cars and they wouldn't be able to do that in Bitcoins.
Governments also find a lot of utility in fiat currency and so are unlikely to abandon it. Being able to control the currency that your debt is denominated in gives an extreme amount of stability to a government. Basically your country can never actually be bankrupted because you can always inflate your way out of debt. That allows the government to stimulate the economy by increasing spending when the shit really hits the fan without worrying about defaulting and collapsing.
Bitcoin is amazing and revolutionary, but it just makes the community look foolish when you say things like "Bitcoins make old banker money is obsolete". 
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:25:04
Even less powerful than the fed actually. Once he actually releases the code if it is useful the Internet will remove his pre-mine and "mastercoins" as they currently exist will be worth nothing. Everyone's "investment" is nothing more than a donation into J.R. Willet's pocket. His ideas for distributed exchange and escrow currencies are doomed from the start (he still needs to learn even high school level economics apparently). 
@_date: 2013-09-05 02:48:28
You should try calling PayPal instead of emailing them. Ask to talk to a supervisor and explain that they never delivered the product you pre-ordered. In my case they told me to talk to my credit card company and ask for a chargeback. The credit card company then asked me to email BFL and ask for a refund saying if they denied my refund they would initiate the chargeback.
 I called BFL and got their recording saying they do not issue refunds, checked their website and forum, and found plenty of proof they were denying all refunds. I called my credit card company the next day and told them this and they went ahead and initiated my chargeback. I got an email from BFl a few days later granting my refund request.
If you paid PayPal with a bank transfer you might have more difficulty. If that's the case you'll just have to keep trying to work your way up the chain at PayPal and make very clear you did not receive your pre-order and its been many months.
@_date: 2013-12-06 01:42:50
10% yearly return is a fantasy though, you would never see that rate in the current environment. If you had a 10% return per year you'd probably also be losing purchasing power almost as fast due to high inflation occurring along side it.
@_date: 2013-10-18 02:58:41
The creator "Dacoinminister" is scamming people with an alt coin that he 100% "pre-mined". Really he didn't even mine them, he just sold them directly. He told people to send their bitcoins into a "exodus address" that he personally controls. In exchange they got nothing but worthless "mastercoins" and the promise to make something out of it eventually. On top of that the whole thing is probably illegal anyway since he's living inside the US(if he is who he says he is). See the story about the creator of liberty reserve if you think it's legal to create a currency you sell directly to people (bitcoin has no centralized creator so that's a different story).
@_date: 2013-05-31 19:03:39
You're referring to Dan Kaminsky's comment that he thinks the proof of work function will change by the end of the year. He's scared of ASICs like you and the OP and not basing this on 'inside knowledge'. 
ASICS do not 'break the highly distributed nature of bitcoin mining'. Who are the people buying ASICS? People all over the world interested in Bitcoin, not mega-corporations. ASICminer (an ASIC mining corporation) is a very small public corporation with assets that are laughably small compared to any real multi-national. 
The only thing that ASICS are going to do is make the network's difficulty go up and as a result make it more expensive to execute a 51% attack on the network. Anyone can buy ASICS once companies have gotten their production on track. 
Lozinski your post reads like wishful thinking stemming from bitterness. 
@_date: 2013-11-04 04:46:28
Coinbase if you're in the US. You should also look at Localbitcoins. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:37:44
1) "participating in the exodus address" is such a euphemism. J.R. Willet personally received all Bitcoins sent to this address since had (and still has) the private key. 
2) The "open source code" that "generates" mastercoins was basically "Send me money and you'll have X number of Willetbux". That's such a bastardization of the concept it's laughable. 
3) The "foundation" is his likely just his attempt to obscure the fact that he still controls these funds. Its members are just pseudonymous forum users. There's nothing proving that they are different people from Willet himself. 
How do you expect a new currency to ever become popular if the only way to get them is to have paid one guy months ago before anything even worked? 
@_date: 2013-09-10 05:51:54
There's all different types of people who are interested in Bitcoin. Being able to spend them at a single sandwich shop isn't that important to most people, but being able to purchase every day goods and services makes Bitcoin have that much more utility as money. 
On the aggregate sandwich shops adopting Bitcoin use actually is a lot more helpful than you imply. Most people desire it as a currency for its other properties such as mathematically defined supply, near impossibility of counterfeiting, and efficient public ledger keeping. Once it's also accepted for everyday goods in most cities it's going to become a lot more appealing to the average person. Until that point it's still highly useful to niche markets.
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:56:31
Can you explain this some more? 
If someone sends a doublespend transaction with a higher fee and it gets accepted what good does sending another transaction do? Wouldn't the higher fee doublespend transaction always get through ?
@_date: 2013-08-26 02:47:36
How do you prevent wrongful chargebacks if you accept credit cards?
@_date: 2013-11-12 02:21:05
I haven't heard of Coinjar, but if it is an online wallet it's risky. Just about any other storage method is probably better than an online wallet. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:20:08
If this is open source then the US dollar is open source too. Look anyone can hand a dollar bill to anyone else! What an amazing open source exchange protocol! Here's the source code: 
put hand in pocket -&gt; remove wallet -&gt; pull out dollar bill with hand -&gt; move hand towards another person -&gt; let go of dollar bill
"Mastercoin" was issued centrally by one person who decided that only people who sent him money get mastercoins. He also gave out pitiful amounts of coins only to people who posted advertisements for him.
There's no independent generation mechanism like Bitcoin mining. 
Anything useful in the code he has written and released will be stripped and reused in a different project that doesn't have a pre-mine.
In short Mastercoins are nothing but a money grab by their creator J.R. Willet (who owns the private keys to the "Exodus Address").
@_date: 2013-06-14 06:15:54
Here you go, give me some upvotes:
@_date: 2013-12-04 01:43:53
This sucks. The first half is fine but it ends with nothing but negatives. They don't mention really any of the things that makes people like it either. 
The part about "owning Bitcoins" is nonsensical:


No mention of cryptography that keeps people's Bitcoins safe. Cash in your physical wallet isn't insured by the FDIC either.


This is true but this community says over and over to only use reputable online wallets but preferably not at all.


Again no mention of the positives of the wallets. Is that all you really need to know about Bitcoin wallets? That they can be deleted or destroyed? 
You would think from the impression they are giving that nobody can store Bitcoins at all. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:44:35
They certainly took an interest in the guy running the ponzi scheme Bitcoins. You can't sell your own made up investment asset on Kickstarter because that's against federal law. 
Oh look this account has done nothing but post in favor of Mastercoin and downvote me. I'm guessing this account is just another sock puppet of Mr. Willet or someone who thinks they will get rich from "investing" in this "project". Reversing my name is so clever (I'm honored that you think I've done that much to harm you that you need to make another account just to downvote my posts).  You certainly seem to have an affinity for sock puppet accounts.
(If you are Mr. Willet) Why don't you hire a lawyer with all those funds you took from people? Surely you could afford that now. What are you going to do when he tells you that you need to register with the SEC but there's no way they would accept your application?
@_date: 2013-11-30 16:25:20
The name alone should have tipped people off. It seemed like one of those cheeky code names the feds love to come up with. 
@_date: 2013-12-07 22:06:48


What's your point? That is a perfectly valid way of doing business. If a website integrates a currency exchange/payment processor that does this it's just as good as paying in the currency itself to the consumer and the merchant. As long as fees are low there's no problem.


There's no reason this won't happen when market saturation is reached. Look at the relative volatility in each "bubble". It has been getting lower every time. Eventually it will be very small and there will be many more people accepting it as payment enabling closed supply chains.
@_date: 2013-11-30 03:58:46
It's called "Mastercoin". It is denominated in totally different currency units from Bitcoin. It's an alt-coin. 
The fact that it sucks its life from the Bitcoin blockchain doesn't exempt it from being an alt-coin.
@_date: 2013-10-07 06:53:51
In your links you've got the difficulty set to 65 million... It's now 189 million, and will probably be over 1,500 million by January. Here's what it will actually look like: 
@_date: 2013-09-08 16:59:09
Definitely. Anyone who paid in Bitcoins for mining rigs got majorly fucked. 
@_date: 2013-12-01 00:41:51
% of total wealth is probably not a great way to evaluate potential Bitcoin valuations. There's plenty of wealth that isn't currency or stocks or even a commodity that functions like either one. It would make more sense to look at the world's money in circulation/in vaults plus the value of all stocks and bonds and anything even remotely like a currency (like gold, silver, platinum etc). 
@_date: 2013-11-17 16:14:18
Zerocoin's proof of work is different from Bitcoin's, right? So current ASICS won't work for it. 
Anyone know what kind of equipment you would need to mine zerocoins?
@_date: 2013-08-31 23:12:48
The "Exodus address" is a Bitcoin address that the creator has the private keys to. The creator is proposing features that are economically impossible to actually work. If he's really based in the US he's violating money laundering and securities laws too.
500 people is a laughable distribution of coins. How successful would Bitcoin have been if only 500 people controlled all of the Bitcoins that would ever be made? Now consider if they had been sold by Satoshi Nakamoto himself and he tried to sell all of them before BitcoinQT was coded. That's what Mr. "Willet" wants you to do with this "mastercoin" scam-coin.
I've been considering reporting his little scam to the SEC for a while, but it seemed that nobody was falling for it. Now that he's duped people out of so much of their money, I think it's time for the SEC to know about it. Here's a link for anyone who's been scammed by this guy:  .
@_date: 2013-11-14 03:04:11
There's not really a meaningful distinction between those goods "with intrinsic value" and those without. Everything that people desire has intrinsic value that comes from their awareness of its utility. Since people buy and sell Bitcoins apparently some people have knowledge of some use they can be put to. Information of something's utility is the most fundamental property that creates value (not labor, or scarcity- these simply modify the cost after it is desired by people).
Anything that is valuable for its own uses is intrinsically valuable. If other people desire it, it is also extrinsically valuable (other people will exchange things for it that you want). Everything that has any value has intrinsic value at minimum.
If Peter Schiff wants to argue that Bitcoin has no utility then I think that's a very obviously false argument. Visa and Mastercard etc make massive sums of money doing nothing more than moving numbers on their ledgers for people. Bitcoin essentially does the same thing they do (move numbers around in a ledger) but with p2p networking instead of centralized hosting.
@_date: 2013-08-20 16:36:03
It's a good idea but of limited use. I saw figures that something like 80% of kickstarter projects never deliver what they promise. I'd hate to use a currency with no chargebacks on a proposition that risky. 
For an artist releasing an album it makes a ton of sense. For a physical product I wouldn't touch it with a 10 ft pole.
@_date: 2013-08-20 19:54:00
Did you read the article?
She's shutting down because she can't use email without feeling watched and its causing a chilling effect. BitMessage actually does help her problem. What I can't figure out is why you're so hostile.
@_date: 2013-11-29 21:55:46
Willet hasn't hired a lawyer so he has no fucking idea whether it is legal or not. He's happy enough taking everyone's money without doing his due diligence though (and he actually solicited investments before any script even tracking mastercoins was released).
@_date: 2013-09-01 06:22:07
Patting yourself on the back eh? FYI Ripper234 is one of Willet's sock puppets. This is a scam coin, 100% pre-mined. 
@_date: 2013-11-14 15:35:29
Which has nothing to do with "coin validation" as it is now being presented. You could stop your answer at "They wouldn't". The second part is unrelated to the question "Why would a merchant ever reduce their customer pool voluntarily?" since it implies force and my question was about voluntary adoption.
I'm glad you agree with my main point that if companies use this voluntarily they will be totally abandoned by the community. That means we should be in agreement that private voluntary adoption of this system is never going to happen. You can come up with fantasies about how the US government is going to force everyone to do it, but that's nothing but empty speculation. 
@_date: 2013-08-31 23:36:44
Buying "mastercoins" from others is NOT mining. 
You know what gives Bitcoin it's value and therefore also its utility? Sure it can transfer numbers in a public ledger and prevents doublespend, but that's not the most important thing. What really made Bitcoin valuable was the fact that such a huge number of people had them and continue to acquire them. 
Anyone who became interested for the last 4 years has been able to use equipment they likely already had to get some themselves. They didn't HAVE to buy them from the original adopters, but they could do so if it was cheaper than making them themselves. The point is that 'mining' is effectively just a way to distribute coins to as many people as possible while securing the network. The fact that anyone could acquire them easily was what lead Bitcoin to be valuable, not necessarily just the fact that it was a p2p ledger meant to represent money. 
100% pre-mined coins have no economic viability and no utility.  This project shouldn't be treated as anything but a scam. I really hope you didn't send this guy money. Try asking for a refund and see what he says.
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:20:43
Ripple's no better but Mastercoin is the definition of a centralized scamcoin. Dacoinminister directly sold his "mastercoins" and pocketed the money (he controls the private keys to the "Exodus address"). He did this before there were any features whatsoever so that no matter what happens to the project he will have his money. He created a sham "mastercoin foundation" to give the appearance of legitimacy. There's no way to mine mastercoins yourself. There's no reason for anyone to honor the pre-mine if he ever does actually release the code. 
He's just doing these contests as a way to convince people that he actually tried to do something with their money. The sad thing is that if people are stupid enough to send him their money in the first place they are stupid enough to accept these "contests" as legitimate development. 
@_date: 2013-08-01 02:49:48
You created the Mastercoin subreddit with a sockpuppet account. Within a minute of posting a critical post there you deleted it. Here it is in full, in a place you can't delete it:
Title: Mastercoin is Bullshit
Here's why:
-Dacoinminister controls all creation of these "coins" in his proposal (if he ever actually creates the protocol which is doubtful)
-There's no source code available so these coins don't actually exist, this is just a whitepaper, yet he's asking for money now
-He asks people to send him Bitcoins directly in exchange for Mastercoins with no way to keep him honest or keep him from making and putting into his pockets as many "mastercoins" as he wants.
In short this is a blatant scam. Stay away.
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:20:59
It seems the only thing the palm scan is for is to make the machine legal under Canadian law by preventing any one person from getting more than 3,000 canadian dollars per day in Bitcoins. They don't appear to upload the data or even require a name to associate with that scan. As long as the data isn't stored I don't think there's terrible privacy issues with this and is a pretty good way to ensure the government can't attack owners of these machines.
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:36:24
"Bitcoin's entire purpose is to free the transfer of money from all limitations."
No, Bitcoin's purpose was to create a an electronic currency that was not vulnerable to the double spend attack without a central issuing authority through a distributed public peer to peer ledger. 
Satoshi did not declare the project's purpose to be the undermining of governments and regulations in general.
Complying with regulations at this stage only helps Bitcoin become strong enough to live totally on its own. Once enough people across the world accept Bitcoin as a currency all exchanges could be totally shut down and it would keep growing as a currency. That's the whole point of all this compliance with regulations: so Bitcoin doesn't get strangled in its crib (by an intense govt crackdown or by a lack of interest from the public due to lack of transferability into traditional currencies).
FYI: I'm a libertarian leaning liberal.
@_date: 2013-08-23 07:50:38
You can create as many addresses as you want. Each wallet is actually a collection of Bitcoin addresses and keys rather than just one. If you send coins from the same address multiple times your privacy and the security of your Bitcoins can be compromised. 
To fix this there are things called "change addresses". Basically whenever you send Bitcoins, the amount you are sending gets separated and sent and the balance from previous used addresses gets put into a "change address". That's why you shouldn't rely upon a single keypair or address from your wallet for a backup and should instead backup the whole wallet.dat file (and encrypt it with a strong yet memorable password of course).
The coins actually exist on the p2p hosted public ledger known as the Blockchain. It keeps track of every transaction ever performed using Bitcoins. The various wallet programs just allow you to access your funds on the blockchain by communicating using the Bitcoin protocol with the p2p network that hosts it.
@_date: 2013-11-13 04:11:37
Bitcoin won't replace those companies. They will simply offer Bitcoin services eventually. People aren't any better at holding Bitcoins in general than they are at holding onto regular cash. You can get hacked, robbed, or lose your coins just like you can get robbed or lose cash. Bitcoin banks will be a big thing eventually because not everyone can be technically proficient enough to store their own. It makes banks optional but doesn't make them obsolete.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:49:58
So you don't think it could be all the people trying to sell their bitcoins all at once?
@_date: 2013-11-29 22:57:43
Please report this guy to the SEC. You can do so anonymously. I'd make another report but don't want to spam them. Pirate40 definitely deserved it and Willet isn't really doing anything different.
@_date: 2013-04-12 04:18:26
Honestly you should wait to see what's going to happen with the market before you dive in. Unless you don't care about investing and just want to throw your money to the people cashing out in masses right now.
My .02btc take it or leave it :)
@_date: 2013-10-23 04:05:01
check out 
@_date: 2013-07-08 01:33:41
They're a US company. If they mine with people's units instead of delivering them they will be sued and held accountable. Avalon has been proven to have been mining with their customers units but we can't do anything about it since they are Chinese. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:50:55
If more people are looking to buy bitcoin than there are people looking to sell bitcoin, the sellers will charge more. That's supply and demand. 
I don't think demand will go to zero either. It wouldn't take nearly that much of a drop in demand to crash the market down to levels on par with pre-bubble though.
@_date: 2013-09-03 20:16:53
Yeah, I thought my comment was clear I meant that they should require a 2FA for sending BTC to an external address not just logging in.
Any update on your problem?
@_date: 2013-08-01 01:26:02
This reeks of a scam. Send him Bitcoins first and you get Mastercoins when he gets around to developing the protocol. What a joke. There is no mastercoin source code. There is no method of making mastercoins which doesn't depend upon dacoinminister's honesty. Hence Mastercoin is dead before it has even begun. 
Don't send this guy your coin until he has released all of his source code and doesn't control the coin generation.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:35:29
 you just re-framed it in an arbitrary way. 
ex: "Lets look at it on the 11th of every month, there it doesn't look so bad !". 
Ignoring the gigantic price spike and crash doesn't mean it didn't happen.
@_date: 2013-08-27 05:14:40
There's the "unofficial bfl news" channel on twitter that archives a lot of their posts and things said by staff in the bfl website "shoutbox". Also they have an official forum where their staff posts. Josh Zerlan their COO posts on Bitcointalk.org under the name "Inaba" as well (he claims this is his personal account but he's posted official communications on it before I believe). 
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:01:29
The creator wasn't and probably isn't concerned about usability since this was nothing but a money grab from the beginning. He's filthy rich from others' stupidity and I doubt he could give two shits.
If this bothers you file a report with the SEC: 
You can file a tip anonymously. 
You might be thinking that reporting him to the government goes against this community's principles, but Mastercoin isn't Bitcoin. It's an alt-coin that is parasitic on the Bitcoin blockchain. It is much like running any other sort of scheme which takes people's Bitcoins in exchange for nothing but promises that are never delivered. Personally I'm happy the guy running the Bitcoin ponzi scheme from Texas got reamed. 
J.R. Willet lives in the US and is operating this unlicensed security from this country in violation of federal law. Give him what he deserves: the long dick of the law up his ass. 
@_date: 2013-05-23 00:13:28
This project is an awesome idea. I actually think something like this could work great even totally centralized. That would allow you to skip all of the trusted nodes business. There would of course have to be transparency within your website's source code and your source code for your miner, but I think using centralized servers might make things easier for you.
Bitcoin really just helps this project send money, because it is awesome for sending people money anywhere in the world that someone can offer computing power. You don't really need to even implement this into an actual bitcoin mining program. Releasing all the code would allow anyone to set up their own version of these servers to connect researchers with computing power providers.
@_date: 2013-05-15 06:33:53
There are 40,000 orders ahead of you and they have said they can make a max of 400 a day when they get into totally full production. They are far from that point still. It will be 8 months or more before you see a miner if you ordered in the last week or two. By then the difficulty will be so high you won't make any money.
@_date: 2013-08-01 01:38:35
So what's the conversion rate of your time into BTC? How many BTC do we have to bribe you per hour to keep you from playing video games rather than developing the protocol? 
@_date: 2013-06-09 17:55:54
This is such a common misconception on this forum that either people are 'panic selling' or the price is being 'manipulated'. 
That's basically assuming the price can never drop unless some unusual market event happens. I think this drop is just basic supply and demand effecting the market as they are expected to. 
See: 
Interest in bitcoin is dropping over time as the bubble hype subsides. Bitcoins are created at a fixed rate no matter how many people mine them (or at least the difficulty adjusts every 2 weeks towards that end). If demand drops and the supply remains fixed then price drops. That's basic economics, not foul play.
@_date: 2013-08-18 00:31:11
This could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on whether BFL is actually insolvent right now or not. 
They could have run out of money and are trying to fund old pre-orders with new pre-order money. If that's the case I see prison cells in BFL mangers' futures since it's a blatantly ponzi-esque tactic that will collapse in on itself eventually.
However think about the people who ordered after the price of BFL units doubled. They will likely never see a return on investment on their order anyway so switching to the new product queue and being at the head of that line actually makes a ton of sense for them. This only holds true as long as BFL has enough money to stay afloat without dipping into future pre-order money to fund old pre-orders' production though. 
With their history I would certainly never pay for a pre-order in Bitcoin. For a product in hand that other people have consistently received from a seller with no problem Bitcoin works great, but for a pre-order the lack of protection for buyers is very worrying.
@_date: 2013-08-07 07:33:41
The nature of Bitcoin makes it impossible to totally regulate. Believe it or not some businesses actually benefit from following the law. People who want to use those services might not consider the loss of privacy to be a very big deal. If they changed their mind they could simply move their Bitcoins elsewhere and become anonymous again.
@_date: 2013-10-18 03:08:47
He didn't invest his money. He put his money into an address that he controls. When mastercoins fail to ever become worth anything, he will still control that money. What a joke of a scam coin. You'd have to be totally retarded to fall for this.
@_date: 2013-10-26 00:49:48
No he didn't call it a donation. He called it an investment. He sold "mastercoins" to people and told them to send their money quick so they didn't miss out on maximum profit. 
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:31:02
Buying coins that only Dacoinminister can make directly from him is not "generating". You must really think people are stupid to expect anyone to fall for that. Dacoinminister controls the private keys for the Exodus address. The funds in that address have no relation to the value of mastercoins.
 Very few Bitcoins have been given out and no legitimate developers have been hired. Contests are a poor substitute for actual development. When this whole thing fails J. R. Willet will still have his pile of cash and everyone else will be fucked. Hopefully karma bites him in the ass and he loses his stash.
@_date: 2013-09-03 05:18:28
Wow. If Coinbase would require 2 factor authentication for any sending of Bitcoin out of people's wallets it would probably fix this attack. Its crazy that they didn't think of this already.
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:50:23
Totally agree with this OP. Part of my main analysis of what's going on right now:
(Sorry to repost in another thread but after getting 8 upvotes in 45 min it never appeared on rising =(.  )
@_date: 2013-11-29 23:01:55
Adding extra info to the blockchain will really only hurt Bitcoin. Let people who want to make alt-coins make their own blockchain. There's no reason another protocol can't be created which interacts with Bitcoin but has its own support system. In fact I believe that's what BitShares is aiming to do (I haven't kept up to date on them though).
@_date: 2013-10-25 23:54:29
So how will people generate their own mastercoins? Or are you just going to leave that out? There's no reason to honor anyone's ownership of mastercoins until anyone can generate them for free. 
Second I was talking about all the crazy features he's planned that are economically impossible (such as infinitely pegging a currency to a fixed price using an escrow fund). Even if he figures out some sort of crypto-currency only exchange feature, again people will strip out his pre-mine. Then everyone who bought "mastercoins" will be screwed. 
On the third point you're correct, but Satoshi didn't try and sell Bitcoins directly to people. Since mastercoin leeches on the Bitcoin blockchain to function the only thing that centralization does is centralize all the profits in J.R. Willet's pocket before any features even exist.
@_date: 2013-08-01 04:24:36
Calling it imaginary money just shows how stupid this guy really is. It's not backed by thin air, its backed by mathematics, a community of coders, and a really good idea. It's got real world value and can be traded for a variety of valuable goods and other currencies. He made a smug and ignorant comment and this guy asked him to answer for it giving him about as much courtesy as he likely deserves. Nothing wrong with that.
@_date: 2013-08-04 04:38:06
So does it look like they will really be able to clear the backlog by the end of september as Josh said a few weeks ago? Even if they consider the "backlog" everything before they doubled their prices (about order 35,000), does that sound reasonable to you given what you've seen internally?