@_author: spiralxuk
@_date: 2015-06-04 13:45:01
Not very roundabout though!
@_date: 2015-06-05 22:20:02
Most of them failed before having the chance to truly fuck up in style:) 
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:00:33


As this thread should show, sometimes reasoned argument fails, especially when one party has gone beyond the point of having an opinion and instead have a *belief* that they will defend against what they perceive as an attack:
A lot of the members of are ex-members and have owned or own Bitcoins, and have ended up being frustrated with being unable to express critical views without being labelled as trolls or shills for the Government/banks/lizard people/the UN, and so end up at You can't win people over by reasoned debate about their beliefs because they double-down on them when confronted, but humour is actually a powerful way of getting people to examine their beliefs. And it's cathartic for those that have been burned by Bitcoin, or who look at Bitcoin and see people losing their life savings in a scam or a simple mistake, and would love to be able to persuade people not to end up the same.
Satire and political humour have a long history of using comedy to change opinion, would you call that immature?
Subs such as or spring up for issues people are interested in or care about when the main sub is intolerant of dissenting views.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:27:07


Sure it's not always light-hearted, but compared to pretty much every other pair of pro- and anti-subs I've visited the relationship between and seems positively jovial. I can't speak for the rest of the sub, but for most on both sides Bitcoin isn't the sort of thing that inspires the depth of emotions that e.g. does to people.
Which for me makes it a nice change sometimes!


This is my third comment here, all in this thread :)


Which I disagree with, and negates the whole point of a circle-jerk detractor sub. But it's a fine line between someone coming here from and being rude and aggressive, which is boorish and most likely deserves a ban, and someone who posts in both and is trying to engage in discussion here, which you seem to be implying to be spam or an emotional outburst.


I wouldn't, I'd go to another venue with like-minded people and probably have a bit of a vent about it there. Which is the point of Brigading is not the point, and it's against the rules site-wide anyway - report it to the mods on both sides, it's one of the few things that will get you banned on Reddit.
I'm just not sure how much it occurs from though, because unless there's waves of brigading lurkers coming here, then it doesn't seem from the posts as though there's any such thing - the few posters I can think of who post in both are all people who were regulars before they started being part of I can't imagine it's any more traffic than we get from this sub - we get the odd poster coming over to argue something, and occasionally starting a thread questioning/insulting/attacking us. Not often though.


Not at all. It's a clubhouse for people to come in, sit down with a drink and relax with like-minded people with whom you can enjoy a good old natter about which CEO has run off with everyone's money today, the latest crackpot idea that will make Bitcoin take over the world, the really quite amazing drama over the DPR trial that keeps getting more ridiculous, how many Paycoin holders are still in utter denial over how badly they've been conned, today's historically, economically and politically ignorant rant about the imminent collapse of the dollar/FED/global banking network/Paypal or whatever, and who's managed to lose thousands of dollars worth of Bitcoin by typing in the wrong number, losing their bit of paper, or not following the 74-step list of instructions on securing your wallet correctly.
Bitcoin is interesting, but it's really not what some people seem to believe it is, and there's a ridiculous amount of bad economics, religious fervour and ignorance of history here, with a feverish anticipation of getting rich any day now. It's not a currency, it's an investment, it's a political statement, it's a way of life, and you're hodling for the day it all comes true. Whereas in reality it's a mass of scammers feeding on people's dreams and taking their money, but that's not something you can tell someone who's lost their savings, all you can say is &gt; So what is it that brought you to Bitcoin initially and what are you doing besides trying to save others?
Read about it on Slashdot about four years ago when it first came out, and it seemed dubious to me then - deflationary, burning power like crazy to generate, clearly weighted towards the creator and other initial adopters, and those backing it the most were the same anti-Government, pro-corporate libertarians I spent ages arguing with a decade or more ago. And those arguments went nowhere 99% of the time, so I'm not looking to try and persuade people, because they don't want to be persuaded. 


It's funny. And it can be cathartic. But mostly funny. 


Designing crypto-currencies isn't an interest of mine, I think as they are now they're an interesting dead-end that solve no pressing issues in today's world and overall have had far more negative effects than benefits. It's always been a small part of a wider interest in technology, science, politics and everything really, and had the price remained at the $1 or so it was when I first read about it, it'd probably be being used more and less ~~scammy~~ exciting ;)


Vice versa, I have rambled...
@_date: 2015-04-07 13:11:21
Reddit should just get rid of the down-vote button completely. It's only used as a disagree marker, and readers are more likely to down-vote a post they don't like than to up-vote one they do, so controversial posts are down-voted disproportionately to their quality, and up-votes tend to cluster around top-level replies and one-liners. It would also make brigading pretty pointless.
Alternatively, cap down votes at something like 10, so that score = UpVotes + max(DownVotes, 10). That way truly bad posts will have negative scores, but a down-vote brigade can be neutralised with only 10 up-votes. Or instead of 10, cap it at the average number of votes/post in the sub, so it scales with the size of the sub :)
But anyway, yes, is a circle-jerk sub, but that's kind of the point and it's not marketed as anything else. is at least as circle-jerky, but less self-aware about it :)
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:40:59
You are aware that there were other central banks before the Fed, right?
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:13:50


So why did you say it was?
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:58:22


So how does the Fed constitute a significant advancement then if it's not at all novel?