@_author: spjonez
@_date: 2014-12-17 02:25:02
Point taken, Python fakes unbound ints. It cannot however do the same with floating point numbers and maintain accuracy which would be the case with bitcoin transactions. Bitcoin isn't written in Python either.
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:53:11
Short answer: no.
Long answer: no.
@_date: 2014-11-08 16:48:35


Society as a collective has made drug use a morality issue. Until the majority vote for legalization saying a law is "wrong" and doing it anyway doesn't hold water.


I agree with this statement to a degree. There are very few people who can use hard drugs and maintain a normal life. At some point you have to look at the effects a substance causes, if little to no users can take the drug without adverse effects to their own life and people around them it should not be accepted by society.
Do you believe society would be better off if drugs like heroin and meth were easily accessible and used by a large percentage of the population?
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:09:42
I got paid today and my bank processed it (RBC).
@_date: 2014-03-24 14:52:15
How many years of training data are you feeding your algorithm? Since the beginning?
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:27:40
The IRS would go after the person you sold them to. If he files it as income they see you as the source. If he doesn't, where did it come from and why didn't he report it as income? They check the Blockchain and see your wallet address.
On another day you buy a PC from Overstock with BTC. They report their taxes and include your wallet address. The IRS connects the dots and audit's you.
Or you brag to your neighbour about how you bought that fancy new car without paying tax. He wants a new car but can't afford one so he reports you.
The only way to skirt this is to avoid buying from vendors. How useful is the currency at that point?
@_date: 2014-10-30 20:11:36
Please dude, think before you reply. I shouldn't have to spell this out for you, you're obviously an intelligent person.


2 minutes to install an app (miner) to support the network, and by doing so the bank credits all your extra charges (monthly package, fees to transfer, etc). That's all my incentive requires, otherwise users keep doing exactly what they've always done. **This comment has nothing to do with coins or the blockchain.**
In case you missed that, here's quotes of 6 of the times I've said this;












**Please for the love of god drop the incentive part.** You may disagree on my incentive, if you don't think it's enough that's your opinion which you are entitled to. I would buy in on this incentive, that's my opinion which I'm entitled to as well.


I'm more then happy to continue this discussion but please don't cherry pick my mistakes and only reply to those. That's not even what I said:




So am I wrong or not? If my description of bitcoin is at all accurate, there is no technical reason this cannot work. The only debate is **what** incentive a user could be given to buy into this system. That's another discussion entirely, this thread was about how it's not possible to do so which I don't buy for a second. **Not** what would be required for a user to buy into a bank's bankcoin.


I'm not proud of anything, I'm annoyed you won't turn your brain on for half a second and listen to what I'm saying. Yes I generalize, yes I may call things by the wrong name sometimes, but my point still stands. There is no technical reason this is not possible, and as I said in my very first post;


Obviously a bank is not going to clone bitcoin 100%, they want absolute control that's a given. They can however clone 90% of it to improve their system's security and maintain that control. That's what I'm suggesting will happen, or at the very least be attempted.
For users like me who have no interest in 'being our own bank' crypto is not a system I would buy into 100%. I will never put all of my net worth into computer files for reasons I've given previously. The alternative I'm describing would be a simple and painless transition. Take whatever incentive they give you and continue making payments the way you always have. It's the same reason Apple Pay / Google Wallet could and might inhibit crypto adoption. The mass consumer market wants easy, dead simple easy, and are willing to pay more for that convenience. History shows us convenience trumps everything. That's why I have a hard time believing crypto can or ever will replace fiat. Watching a company pine over upgrading Office because they don't want to retrain employees on how to use a *word processor* makes me wonder how anyone expects us all to change monetary systems.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:19:52
Does anyone actually believe this? If I were MtGox I wouldn't file for bankruptcy unless I was darn sure it was true.
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:02:49


I was comparing the difference in value. Fiat has *never* changed value that much in such a short window.


How long do you expect them to be around if they are basically giving products away at half price? Because that's what would have happened if they had held.
@_date: 2014-10-08 19:47:22
Have they attempted to prosecute users, or just the ring leader like they usually do? It's pretty rare police will arrest a drug user (in Canada anyway), all they care about is who is selling. It's pointless and a waste of resources to attempt to prosecute individual users.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:22:53
Actually I am a programmer but I have no idea what a satoshi is. It was an example to use in the analogy, I never specified why it was $5 only that $10,000 could be divided into $5 blocks...
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:13:46
I live in Canada, and if our gov made this decision I'm assuming it would go something like what happened when First Nations started selling their tobacco. They don't pay tax and in Canada tax is 90% of the cost of a pack of cigarettes (the tax goes towards health care). They buy a carton for &lt;$20, sell it for $50 when a carton costs $80 and make a nice profit for themselves.
What did the gov do? They labelled it as supporting terrorism. Seriously, they even made commercials about how the money is funneled back to terrorist groups and drug dealers. Then they started locking people up. Nobody believed them but what can you do? Trying to subvert the government is a dangerous game.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:06:38


So? The OP didn't do that so it has no bearing on this at all.


It may in some cases, but in this situation it did not.


That's exactly my point. You even said it in your second sentence.
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:51:08
Typically c is labelled the hypotenuse (as you did) but in his example a is. It's usually written your way.
@_date: 2014-04-03 16:00:40
Until the price stabilizes merchants cannot hold it, it's a liability.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:40:08
Perhaps I didn't explain myself well, I will try again.
The situation I'm imagining is a bank using a blockchain as their backend. Consumer accounts are still tallied in their respective local currency. When I want to pay a bill, or send a friend money, the actual transfer of value is done by moving bankcoins through a blockchain. Individual users support the network, doing so they are credited for all fees that would be normally be charged to transfer that value. For example, each month the bank charges you $20 in your local currency for a package. If you run the app all month you get a $20 credit netting you $0. If you send a friend money and that normally costs $5, by running the app you are credited for this charge as well. Users would see all these credits on their statement, people talk and before long everyone would be running it.
From a consumer facing perspective, all this is going on behind the scenes without the user being aware of how the value is shuffling around. That is what I mean by abstracting the technology away from the user. Users never have to see or even know the bankcoin exists. It's only being used in the background to transfer value between accounts. This gives all the benefits of bitcoin today except storing your own wealth. Some users would like to do this, a lot of users do not want to be responsible for this, myself being one of them.
I'm a CTO so I'm no stranger to technology. The idea that my entire net worth is stored on a USB stick scares the hell out of me. I've worked with computers long enough to know that hardware fails, backups fail, anything that can go wrong eventually will. Storing you wealth on exchanges is obviously a bad idea. I do have a small amount of crypto I keep for tipping, but that's as far as I can buy into the system.
I've supported enough applications to know your grandmother is not the average. Some young and older people are quite good with technology, most are not. This is a well known fact if you work with IT.
@_date: 2014-11-07 12:32:35


Thank you for taking the time to clear that up. Looks like I need to do some more research on how the system works. I've read the white paper and the Coindesk article on the Math behind Bitcoin, are there any other resources you recommend?
@_date: 2014-12-12 23:14:30
JavaScript is not a security concern. You'll break almost the entire web by disabling it. I say this as a 15y+ JS developer.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:44:14
If BTC went the way of P2P, illegal in just about every country in the world, what would the average consumer do with coins? Businesses wouldn't be allowed to accept it and you wouldn't be able to convert it to fiat. So you'd be limited to person -&gt; person transfers and Darknet. BTC cannot thrive in the same conditions P2P does so it's not an even comparison.
@_date: 2014-10-30 16:37:58
I've read the whitepaper. I'm drawing parallel's between the possible uses of crypto and other available technology. To you the power of bitcoin is consensus, to me the power is distributed processing. Forget everything I've said for a moment, bear with me and consider the following system;
Bank A creates their own coin 'bankcoin' and their own blockchain. They pre-mine all coins so they are sole owner and authority on every coin. The public cannot buy them, sell them, trade them, or get their hands on them in any way. Your balance is stored in your local currency as a number in a database, just like it is today. It says you have $500 USD available and you want to send your friend $100. What advantage does having a bankcoin and blockchain give us?
It depends on the two parties;
1) If we are both using the same currency, internally the bank can do a 1:1 copy of the amount into bankcoins. When I click 'send', $100 is subtracted from my balance and 100 bankcoins are reserved by the system. A bankcoin transaction from me to you is created and propagates through the network. Once the other users app/bank sees this transaction, the 100 bankcoins are converted back to dollars and added to his balance.
2) If both users are not using the same currency, instead of doing a 1:1 copy for bankcoins an alternative base currency is used. My $100 USD is converted into say 80 bankcoins, those are transferred through the system, and converted again to the other users local currency, netting them say $90 CAD.
Why wouldn't this work? Wouldn't it be more efficient having users around the world build and run your payment network for you then having 100 colo's, staff, rent, maintenance, security concerns, etc? Currently all major CC's are paying other companies to help handle part of the volume they receive. This entire process could be fully automated and give you most of the strengths of crypto with no real downsides for the user. It's like having BitPay on both sides of the equation. Transactions would be cheap to free (since it doesn't cost them anything to process them), they could easily lower their rates to match crypto and the transition for consumers would be frictionless. They wouldn't even know it happened other then the savings on their statement every month. The only requirement for this is incentive for users to be part of the network. I've provided one and I'm sure smarter people out there can come up with even more.
Knowing the banks have to respond to bitcoin in some manner, is this situation that implausible? If you owned a company and a new technology came out that was better than what you had, wouldn't you try to take the best parts of it and integrate them into your workflow? If you don't, how will you compete?
@_date: 2014-10-31 11:56:49


I wasn't, thanks for pointing that out. I thought nodes and miners were synonym's. Who runs nodes? Is a node just a message broadcast system that pushes work to miners?


I'm a bit confused by this part. Once all the blocks are mined I, are transactions grouped into blocks and miners confirm transactions in a block? Meaning miners always work on blocks, either to solve them or to confirm a bundle of transactions?
Verifying a pub/priv key signature is an inexpensive operation, I can see where the cycles go solving blocks but in traditional cryptography verification is quite fast. If you compare the number of cycles to solve vs. the ones needed to verify there's a huge gap in processing time. In that situation (which is also what would happen in my original analogy) a miner would either have to waste cycles to maintain its high clock rate or only use the clock rate it needs to solve its bundle of work.


I think it depends on the price of a coin. If a coin was $20k, sure transaction fees will pay the miners electricity bills. If they are $350 however...
@_date: 2014-10-30 22:46:51


I'm not so sure. Why does it take ~5 minutes @ $1.50 to transfer money to my friend who uses the same bank as I do? I know first hand credit card companies do not operate the way you described. I worked for a company who was acquired and went private -&gt; public and had to become SOX compliant. We had to rewrite most of their accounting software which was a pain in the ass, but I learned a lot about how secure payment processing works. Both Visa and MC (and probably AMEX) heavily outsource transaction processing. This is done for volume and the same reason a distributed system is efficient, the closer a processor is to you the faster your transaction is approved. My thoughts were along the same line, if a bank could also distribute processing, wait times and cost should be significantly less. If a standard was created that all banks supported you could achieve the same interoperability of bitcoin as well.
The cost you can argue as greed, but why would any company intentionally apply a delay when a transaction is between two of it's own customers?
If the reason we pay so high costs is to build infrastructure, and I'm assuming it is since stores pay a monthly fee for a debit reader and pay a % per transaction, those costs should come down if we are their infrastructure. If a bank was threatened by bitcoin the obvious solution is to compete based on price. They know it's difficult and time consuming to switch banks, let alone your entire monetary system, and if they can provide a similar service for around the same price most users simply won't bother. For the average consumer convenience trumps 1% savings. The banks can do one of two things, drop their rates and eat the loss, or reduce their costs and keep their bottom line the same. I doubt their shareholders are going to go for a loss in revenue, which leads me to believe at least one of them will try to copy bitcoin in an attempt to stay as profitable as they are now.
As you envision, banks could simply ignore bitcoin and drop their fees to slightly above crypto's. Some users would still leave but most would stay. Lower income families are often burdened with debt so living without credit would not make much sense for them. I'm not sure if there is a bitcoin credit card out there, even if there was people would have to balance transfer their fiat debt into bitcoin debt which could be hard for companies to absorb on a mass scale. The price of bitcoin would have to be stable as well.
In my mind it's all or nothing, either crypto fizzles and dies or it replaces everything. That's not to say we'll actually deal with it, it could easily be used behind the scenes to power the world without us ever touching it. That's where I'm coming from, I have no doubt crypto is here to stay, but we're still in the MySpace era and Facebook is around the corner. This rings true to me;


By under the covers I'm assuming he means abstracted far enough away from the user they don't know it's there. The most probable amalgamation of our current and future payment technologies in my mind is the one I'm attempting to convey here.


That I do understand. Since it's vote based, the combined power of the network has to be able to create longer trails faster then a trail forked by a fraudulent transaction. From what I read in the whitepaper, and forgive me I'm paraphrasing heavily here: to double spend a node would have to crack a previous confirmation and i, fork it into a new trail, and have the new trail outpace the original trail. This would give the fraudulent transaction more votes, but due to the time it takes to crack the initial confirmation and fork it, the network has created 100-1000 valid confirmations on the original trail so the original always outpaces the fraudulent. The only way to outpace a valid trail would be to control 51% of the network, as at that point you could write whatever trails you wanted and you would cast the most votes towards their authenticity.
@_date: 2014-11-18 01:14:47
Why would he laugh? If the price goes up he loses money. The gov doesn't owe him bitcoins anymore they owe him the fiat reserve he liquidated.
@_date: 2014-03-25 16:43:09
For how long?
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:57:20
That was for a TV show and was shut down, try again.
@_date: 2014-03-30 02:23:14
I definitely see why it would scare them. The potential is there, the irony is so far the community hasn't been doing a very good job of proving it.
If crypto-currency can distance itself from illicit activity, users work within the system by paying taxes until popular enough to change the laws, and prove to the masses it's legitimate it will truly be a force to be reckoned with. Can we get there? I hope so, but sometimes I'm not so sure greed won't ruin it first.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:16:38


Does that mean it only works if the user has coins with Coinbase? So they can automate transfers from their account to ours?
@_date: 2014-11-24 12:51:47
Bitcoin is not infinitely divisible. It is highly divisible, but there is a ceiling based on memory registers for data types. Computers (today) have hard limits on floating point accuracy.
If 70% of the funds are being held it exasperates the liquidity problem. If bitcoin becomes "the" global currency some skeptics believe 21m coins isn't enough. How will 6.3m be enough for the entire globes daily transactions?
@_date: 2014-12-26 18:23:51
What is this "wonky" version of JS you speak of? &lt;- 15y JS developer.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:30:54


If you take out a credit card you shoulder that responsibility. Nobody is forcing you to own one or to go on a spending spree if you do have one. If you want the convenience you take that risk. That's a personal responsibility not the lenders, blaming them for your inability to manage your finances is ridiculous.
Would you blame Smith and Wesson for you shooting someone? No.
Would you blame Toyota for you hitting someone with your car? No.


Regulate what exactly? If an online store wants to accept credit cards obviously you can only verify so much information at the point of purchase. If the charge is fraudulent it should be reversed and the perpetrator should be prosecuted to deter them from doing it again. If they aren't prosecuted who's supposed to pay for it? The company who sold and shipped the product assuming it was a legit customer? If you were a business owner I'd wager you'd feel differently.


You have a lot of misplaced aggression and you haven't provided any viable alternatives. Only an inane rant about how the "man" is bad and "people" are good.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:38:56
Unlikely, I didn't read about a single lawsuit until they shut the site down. Until then it seemed people were willing to wait it out. Do you have a link that says otherwise?
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:15:38
It's a product comparison.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:12:00
And that distinction makes users who lost coins/money more comfortable with it?
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:45:17
An Apache config is now enough to determine exactly how a box is setup? Give me a break, I manage a server there's a lot more too it than a single config file for one service.
@_date: 2014-11-20 23:35:30
If they aren't careful they'll become the next Blockbuster Video...
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:14:50
Haven't they already?
They said the login page was not fully under TOR. They used reCAPTCHA a Google service that you link to. He was not hosting it himself it doesn't work that way. If reCAPTCHA doesn't work under TOR that would support the feds description of how they found the IP. He had to expose part or all of the login page publicly for it to work. This could have been to prevent brute force attempts, spam, or an oversight on his part.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:10:23
fairly extensive is not the same as a 1-1 copy. He didn't change the original **at all**.
@_date: 2014-12-06 15:31:18
If you have a Facebook account this thread is the definition of irony. I don't and I still feel it's a stretch to say the average consumer cares about online privacy.
@_date: 2014-03-31 11:53:07
I agree that currently it's a bit over most people's heads but I don't agree on holding. It may be good for an individual but it's bad for the ecosystem as a whole. How can you expect companies to build infrastructure if everyone is holding? If those companies don't see high transaction volumes why would they invest and build tools for it?
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:40:39
After his gross negligence in managing his business you'd thank him for it??
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:32:46
So if it has value, how isn't it income?
From Wikipedia:


@_date: 2014-10-30 17:44:24


FFS, I'm out. Apparently free banking for 2mins of work isn't an incentive for those of us that are currently paying for it. I'm tired of repeating myself and you clearly don't want to hear anything but "BITCOIN FUCK YOU BANKS" so this is a waste of both our time.
Hopefully someday you learn to use your imagination more. Pegging yourself to such a limited view of any technology isn't going to help your career, whatever it may be.
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:56:34
Good idea, I hadn't considered that. I'll shoot them an email and see what they say!
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:33:55
This just in: writing invalid syntax breaks things. More news at 11.
@_date: 2014-03-03 12:54:02
You clearly have never written a line of code in your life.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:35:15
On what grounds?
@_date: 2014-12-18 15:15:30
Does the US still use pennies? Canada doesn't anymore, they round purchases made with cash.
@_date: 2014-12-24 23:04:39


I won't disagree with that.


Certain drugs have a very high chance to cause this. Those are the drugs that should be restricted. If you knew drug X had a 95% chance to cause a lot of havoc on a person's life, would you still believe it should be accessible?


That's not the point. By allowing a website to ship hard drugs across the country we're enabling users. That is something we as a society should frown upon.




Jail time is not the solution. Giving people easy access to drugs is not the solution either. It's a little unfair to blame society's response for a users *choice* to consume drugs. They know the risks and they take them anyway. What happens next is their fault and nobody else's.
I say this as someone who's tried almost every drug out there. Even I'm smart enough to know meth and heroin are on a different level than most. The reason I continue to believe they should be restricted is during my younger, crazier days I had friends who didn't make it out. When I see them living on the street, dirty, emaciated and begging for change, I remember just how much promise they had and I die a little inside. That *could* have been me, and it *could* be your child if websites like Silk Road are allowed to exist. That's not to say it won't happen without SR, but it would happen less.
What is the solution? I don't have that answer, but opening up hard drugs to the masses is a horrible, horrible idea that will do nothing but have disastrous results. And if it does we'll have nobody to blame but ourselves. Do you want that on your shoulders over a matter of personal principle?
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:09:30
"This suggests"
"could not"
He's making an observation, without access to the servers I don't see how or why his opinion should be taken as fact.
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:32:31
What does Bitcoin have to do with a countries drug policies?
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:59:37
Unless you are a small to medium size business without the knowledge or resources to effectively manage it.
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:59:56


If at any point in our history we begin intentionally destroying a resource as precious as water we're on a path to our own extinction.


This is incorrect. No data type in existence is infinitely divisible. Highly divisible yes, but there is a ceiling on memory registers. In 64bit computing that number is *very* large, but it isn't infinite.
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:12:21
No they aren't unless they are owned by a US citizen. DPR hasn't admitted they are his so I'm not sure how you can say a US law applies to a server in another country that (currently) nobody has claimed ownership of.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:40:03
Yes but at some point (like with P2P) heads will clash and the power you're fighting has a lot more money, connections, and political sway then we do. That's not to say they can stop it, I'm not naive enough to think they could stop it if they tried, but if it's pushed away from the public and labeled similarly to P2P it's ability to act as a currency will be severely impeded. BTC needs users to have value without them it's worthless.
If BTC or any other crypto-currency become mainstream sanctions or regulations are guaranteed. I tend to think of it like the electric car, why would the oil companies allow a competing technology to disrupt a market they control? They won't, they'll spend every last dime they have to prevent it.
The best way to prevent this is for legitimate businesses to start using the technology to prove otherwise. Without acceptance it will be relinquished to the black hole P2P is in.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:51:35
And what if gov's play the terrorism card? No reputable business is going to risk fines/sanctions to continue accepting it. Unless the vast majority of your user base is paying you in BTC they are not going to move servers to another country. Not to mention the PR nightmare of being associated with it, however ridiculous the argument is.
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:21:27
Have you ever had one of your cards skimmed? I have, one phone call and everything was reversed. When a bitcoin service offers that level of protection I'm in.
@_date: 2014-04-13 19:36:25
Amazon already has a more valuable payment method, 1-click shopping. Until BTC comes up with something better why would they? Their current solution is seamless and easy, they don't need Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-05 01:40:12
The FTC filed a civil suit and they did a liaison with Kansas to send in agents.
On Sept 23rd the FTC tweeted, "We received more than 300 complaints directly to the FTC. Plus, we reviewed thousands more from other sources."
And, "Thousands of orders were placed, and thousands of consumers have complained about non-delivery."
BFL's deceptive business practices are to blame, not the authorities.
@_date: 2014-03-28 15:47:52
Why? All that money will go to exchanges and services, they just want a cut on transactions. They will make their fee if the price of a coin is $5 or $10,000.
It would be naive to think they are investing in a single crypto-currency. Anything they develop will work for all, they aren't betting on a specific winner they are betting on the economy as a whole.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:55:10
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:59:24


I fully agree and would support programs like that 100%.


With certain drugs I don't believe the average person is capable of using them without destroying their lives. I'm sure there are people out there who can do heroin, go to work everyday and maintain a happy healthy life. That's perhaps 0.5% of the users at best.
If we legalize or decriminalize drugs of this nature we need something to deter people from using them. Are criminal charges the answer? Probably not, but what else do we have? Short of a massive PR campaign to educate the public on the risks I don't see it ending well.
I'd group a lot of prescription drugs in the same boat, a good friend of mine's father ruined his life using opiates he was prescribed after being crushed between two boats. He was a coast guard, on a job trying to save someone from drowning and was pinned between the rescue boat and a sinking ship. After years of taking them out of necessity he refuses to give them up, he's an addict and refuses to go for help. The pain and destruction he has caused on their family is immense. When doctors know the risk of addiction is high they should not be prescribing them to patients.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:22:26
I took the slightly more cynical approach and assumed he thought/hoped he could exclude them as liabilities since they were virtual goods. Pushing them off the books makes getting an investor to bail out the fiat loss an easier sell. With them listed it was something like $450m down to $30m banked- never going to happen.
@_date: 2014-11-06 22:44:46


Not sure I follow. Confirming a transaction is simply verifying a single signature and passing it off to the next block correct? Whereas solving a block involves checking many signatures to find the magic one? I don't know a lot about how solving works, from what I've read it sounded like a script that iterates n possibilities to find the solution, and that's why they call it proof of work as you have to spend a lot of cycles to find the (only) solution.


That's my point though, once miners are only verifying signatures shouldn't the network be capable of handling a lot more volume than the split work it's doing now? The cycles that are currently being spent on solving a block reward won't be used for that anymore and have to go somewhere if the network is going to maintain it's hash rate.
I'm still having a hard time understanding why this isn't just like P2P. Single node speeds pale in comparison to any centralized system, but by combining many slow nodes your total transfer speed is higher than any centralized one. Once all coins are mined, isn't that comparable to how Bitcoin will function? Individual operations may be slow but it's size and spread makes it fast?
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:52:13
I'm not saying crypto isn't useful but the internet changed how we live our lives. I don't see how a currency can have that large of an impact on the entire world. Being your own bank isn't something we all want and that's a major value prop of switching systems.
Tipping however is genius and the whole reason I follow crypto.
+1000 doge
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:29:52


I didn't say that, in fact I've been arguing the exact opposite- show it's legitimate and avoid the same fate of P2P.
@_date: 2014-12-18 20:07:40


What would you suggest the Police should do in a situation like this? They don't know the purchase was done through Purse.io or any other site for that matter. The only evidence they have a shipping address and fraudulent credit card transaction.


Convenience. I have all my bills auto-charge to my CC, then I pay my CC in full every month. I make one payment and I'm done. The other option is to manually make payments on different dates for every utility and service I use. That is a complete waste of my time and if I forget I'm charged late fees. Time is valuable, it's the only thing you can't get more of.
If you use them to buy things you can't afford that's your problem, not an inherent flaw in credit cards.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:27:41


That mentality is toxic to the economy in the long run. Essentially this is what you're saying: I'm going to hold. You can buy stuff with it, once you've proved it as a currency I'm going to cash in. You see, I spent the last year twiddling my thumbs, while you brought BTC to the masses by buying/selling products online, now it's time for me to get paid for all my twiddling. Oops we just crashed the price from all the holders selling. Sorry about that! We didn't actually want it as a currency, it was an investment to us and we feel we should get paid for getting here first. Oh well I'm rich, twiddling pays off you see!
Holding assumes others do the work for you. If the masses don't buy in you can hold for 20y and the price will *never* go up. Holding only works if the coin is in demand, if people aren't spending them they won't be.


That is only true if BTC is their main form of currency. I don't know a single person who can say that. We all have fiat to fall back on, so until BTC is ubiquitous with fiat that point is moot.
@_date: 2014-11-21 23:28:55
Unless you're a criminal getting a bank account is most countries is a trivial affair.
@_date: 2014-10-30 17:17:25


The blockchain is just the ledger, correct? The miners are the nodes, they are the processors all writing to the ledger.  I was grouping them all into one system for convenience. I was under the assumption (correct me if I'm wrong) the blockchain only existed to provide consensus against double spending. Confirmations create trails, longest trail wins, is that not accurate?
If that is accurate I don't understand what the problem is. Coins being owned by a central authority has no bearing on a how a transaction is made. If I owned every single bitcoin in existence and all my neighbours each ran a mining app, what is preventing me, then central authority on coins, from making a transaction? I was under the impression as long as no one party controlled 51% of the network's hashing power no double spending could occur. That's not the situation I'm describing, I'm describing an open distributed network run by you and I with only the coins owned by a single entity. The users powering the network are given incentive to do so by saving money on their bank fees. Install an app, have all your fees credited for helping us process transactions for others.


How did I do that? Honest question, I've repeated my idea of one way to provide an incentive 10 times now. In my last post I also stated an incentive was required, as I've said every 2nd or 3rd post in this thread. And I said it again in the paragraph above.
You're nitpicking my words instead of looking at the picture I'm trying to paint. Stop focusing on the trees and look at the forest as a whole. It doesn't matter what the technology is called, or how it works, the entire point and goal of technology is to be seamless. The best technology is abstracted far enough away from the user they don't even know it's there.
You're naive if you think bitcoin is something special and nobody else can possibly make use of it. If you can provide a single historical example of this being the case for any technology I'm all ears.
@_date: 2014-03-13 00:58:41
Do you read my posts before you hit reply? You've replied to several now twisting my words. I never mentioned a satoshi, said that was the value of one, or said dividing a number was the problem. You need to chill out.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:33:25
Seems unlikely. If that were the case wouldn't it be smarter (business wise) to not file for bankruptcy, own up to the mistake and ask the community for help?
By filling he's essentially guaranteed the failure of his business. By owning up to it he may have still failed, but at least there's a chance for success. And people wouldn't hate him as much for it.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:14:05
That's what they say, source: me I've worked for more than one ad agency and they all use that term.
@_date: 2014-03-25 20:03:57
Don't worry the prisons have lots of spare rooms for you.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:44:23


It's a liability because the value can decrease which isn't true with fiat. Say you are Overstock and you hold BTC from all purchases. BTC drops $10 in price, Overstock just lost a *ton* of money. They still have to pay a set price for product, that price is based off USD which didn't decrease in value, so they would have to eat the difference.
Asking a merchant to hold coins (today) is asking them to sell a product and be paid in stock. It's way too risky for them. Why risk your bottom line when you don't have to?


The community needs to solve that by convincing more users to use them, we can't expect businesses to do it for us.
@_date: 2014-10-08 20:29:44
Except that it is feasible, what they said they did would work. It does seem a bit unrealistic they would stumble on his CAPTCHA but the rest checks out from a technical standpoint. What logs are you looking for? Apache logs from the web requests to view the image..? Even if they did provide those how would that help Ulbricht?
Maybe the article I read was a misquote but it quoted him as saying, "I am not Dread Pirate Roberts". Then when they released how they located the server he changed his story to, "How you located the server infringed my rights". Unless he claims ownership he can't use that argument as a defense. Admitting so would surely be suicide for his case so I don't expect that will happen.
@_date: 2014-10-30 14:55:08
If centralized storage is so amazing, why did we invent cloud computing/storage? It's almost as if you are ignoring all the major advancements in technology over the last 15y.
If centralized systems are so amazing, why did we invent multi-core processors? Why did we invent parallel programming? Why did we invent event driven programming? Literally every recent advancement in computer science has been based on splitting tasks into smaller pieces and processing them using distributed systems.
Processors do this, video cards do this, the internet does this, P2P, NodeJS, NoSQL, I can go on for hours.
You didn't exactly rebut my claim either, you just said I'm crazy. If you let go of your preconceived notions of what the limits of this technology are a lot of doors open. Try it you may be surprised.
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:41:16
Why? It's perfectly feasible to decouple the currency from the blockchain. One example would be a bank implementing their own blockchain that's used to transfer value between accounts and to other banks. Want a no fee account? Run this app in the background on your computer.
It's not really that different then what will happen after all coins are mined and we switch to transaction fees. Obviously if a bank did this they'd have to reward users in some way.
Will it work? No idea, but I'd wager someone will try it, and it's not unreasonable to assume they may be successful in doing so.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:40:53
Hey I'm with you. I'd much rather taxes go towards education and public services, but the US would rather spend the $ on war machines.
Next election cast your vote and work to better life for everyone. Not paying taxes doesn't help anyone but yourself.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:30:44
I didn't say it would never be popular, I said the way it exists today it's too complicated for most. Some users assume banks will throw the towel in and admit defeat. They're kidding themselves if they don't believe banks are working as we speak on how to poach the best aspects of this technology to keep themselves number 1.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:37:34
Not a fair comparison. Tor doesn't require any outside source to function. BTC does, without conversion to fiat very few (if any) businesses would accept it.
@_date: 2014-03-26 15:43:27
Well that site looks shady as hell. Love how they clipped the price graph to ignore all the recent price drops.
@_date: 2014-11-22 23:59:28
I live in a highly multicultural city and I have never heard anyone say they were questioned while opening a bank account. One of our grocery stores is part of an umbrella that includes a bank. While grocery shopping they hand out flyers and ask if they can sign you up for a no fees account.
Most banks have a monthly fee for debits, this bank pays all those for you. Even though I have an account with another bank they still push me to sign up for one of theirs at least once a month.
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:59:42
This is what I hope will happen as I believe crypto-currency has a place in society. I have to wonder though, will users actually report them, and if they do how will the government ensure they aren't lying or misrepresenting?
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:53:04


The entire system yes, but if the US gov suddenly said, "BTC is not legal tender any business accepting this as currency will be subject to fines/legal action" they'd cut it's head straight off. If business can't accept it, users won't use it, and it's value diminishes greatly. Unless the vast majority of your customers are paying you in BTC companies aren't going to move their servers to other countries to get around it.
In case I wasn't clear I don't believe they will outright kill it, or could if they wanted to, but they can easily make it difficult enough that most users won't be bothered. It is much easier for them to do this with BTC than P2P.
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:56:41
That is the sentence. Do you work in advertising? That's what designers call an ad...
@_date: 2014-10-08 19:43:48
As far as I understand Ulbricht hasn't made an ownership claim to the SR servers. Until he does why does any of this matter? The feds (supposedly) hacked a server not located within the continental US which they are allowed to do. If it isn't his server how were his rights infringed?
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:41:33
Yes it is, as a consumer who wants a simple checkout process BTC just became a giant pain in the ass. The only way to have quick payments is to hold coins, holding coins subjects you to gains/losses, why is this better than fiat again?
@_date: 2014-12-18 21:01:01


Of course not. That doesn't mean you have to do what they hope you might with them. A few required courses on basic economics would help the world tremendously.
Credit is required for the world to run. I don't see how most would ever afford a car or house otherwise. If you remove credit from the equation the world is no better off. The poor will still be poor and they'll never have the chance to own anything of value. Having that chance is how most go from being poor to having wealth.




He didn't, but he did use a shady website to make his purchase. All the evidence the authorities have directs them to him. It's now on him to explain why he did what he did and hope it works out in his favour. Based on the little evidence they have, all which points to his address as the source, what is the alternative?
I think the lesson here is don't try to save a few bucks by intentionally exposing yourself to this type of risk. The savings aren't worth the potential headache as the OP is now finding out.
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:57:46
Apparently you can't read: 
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:16:35
I know. Could you imagine the headlines?
"Think BTC is a scam? Check this: the first and largest online exchange recently suffered from a security exploit and lost the majority of users funds. The community joined forces and replaced them out of good will. Think your bank would do that for you? Join us and be part of the revolution, together we can build a brighter economic future for all"
Price meet moon.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:41:25
Ugh. Can you think logically for a second? Roundabout arguments don't address the fact that your math doesn't work.


No... as you said gains are calculated when it's sold. The gain is calculated by the difference in it's original value to it's current value. By creating a coin you gave it value of $1000 as dictated by the market. Before you sold the coin it was not worth $0, it was worth $1000 as that was the market price when it was created.
It's the same as gold. Gold has a value when it's mined, it's not $0 until you sell it. Using the same logic I could steal every coin you mine and get away scott free. Since you're saying it has no value until it's sold, and was never sold, I stole $0 from you.
@_date: 2014-11-09 16:27:09
I don't follow this line of reasoning. There were plenty of real problems the internet solved.
1. Research, no more going to a library to check out books.
2. Porn, for free.
What about Bitcoin? It may be a more optimized solution but it hasn't enabled services were none existed before, which is exactly what the internet did for most users. The convenience of not having to leave your house was one of the major drivers for adoption.
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:00:00
If you start from the beginning the graph will always look like that... what exactly does that infer?
@_date: 2014-10-31 01:06:30


It's certainly not bandwidth, 50mb/s is pretty standard around here and I know a few people with 150mb/s home connections. This is from one chequing account to another chequing account and not a large amount of money. What do you purpose the delay is if it's not being queued for confirmation?


I'm assuming that's the reason they'd give you or I if we asked why they charge the fees they do. They aren't totally lying, we both agree processing costs them a lot of money.


You are correct, after reading your comment I went back and read the first post I replied to. I read it as "the blockchain can't work without bitcoin" and took that literally; meaning no other altcoin could survive. That made me think about possible ways to integrate aspects of bitcoin into our existing infrastructure and that's what I came up with.


I understand bitcoin is inefficient right now, but what happens if mass adoption occured and all the coins are mined? When a node is only processing transactions it can't be as wasteful? Does a node continue to use cycles if it's not mining and no transactions are being broadcast?
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:42:20
I hope that people are starting to wake up and take their privacy more seriously. How do we undo the laws they created after 9/11 that allow them to do things like this? It's going to be an uphill battle and take years.
It may be unhealthy but it's also being realistic. We can't simply ignore the facts and assume BTC is untouchable. It's not.
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:53:39
Not trolling, well maybe a little I was fishing to see what other hilariously incorrect statements I could get you to make. If you want me to systematically prove how stupid your statements have been thus far;


The array code you "wrote" causes a parsing error and execution halts, the very thing you are arguing never happens.


False does not indicate an error has occurred or one was subverted. It's a return code and something so basic to any application it's impossible to not know this if you code in any language.
Compare PHP to Java is equally as stupid. Check the reports for pwn2own, every single year Java is the first to drop. There are literally so many 0-day exploits people stopped bothering because it's not even a challenge anymore.


Except PHP doesn't run in a Virtual machine.


There is nothing "erroneous" about the ternary operator. Equality and identity are not the same thing. In any loosely typed language 1 == "1" but 1 !== "1". The value is equivalent but the type is not (hence the identity operator to check and typecasting to ensure).


Computers are calculators and nothing more. A computer is only as smart as the instructions it was given. Compilers should not be attempting to guess intent. They do what we tell them and nothing more.


Exactly what does this solve? Programmers could still put the wrong condition in and there are a lot of cases when no condition is necessary.


Every loosely typed language is like that. PHP has type casting if you want to ensure a variable is a certain type. JS has type parsing. This is nothing new.


That code is not a math formula it's accessing an array element by key. A compiler/interpreter are programs themselves and only understand the syntax they were designed to parse. You can't just start adding extra brackets anywhere you want assuming it will know what to do with them.
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:25:32


That is on us. Until we make it a priority it will never be one.


Drug use is not a disease and should not be treated as one. I say this as someone who has done almost every drug in the book, including some you've probably never heard of. Fear of rejection was never an issue; users do not care what society thinks of them all they care about is their next high.
Most of the users in my group of friends grew up and moved on with our lives. Some of them never made it out, if you saw them today you may feel differently about where society's responsibility stands. Should we require laws to prevent substance abuse? No, but life isn't always that simple.
Personally I feel alcohol is a far worse substance then most chemicals, obvious exceptions aside. One thing is for certain, criminal charges for soft drugs should be limited or non-existent.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:55:51


They had a warrant, a product was shipped to that address using a stolen credit card. How else are they supposed to investigate?


What's wrong with credit cards? If you pay them off every month they allow you to delay payments and you don't pay interest. That's what you're supposed to do with them. If you are responsible with your spending I don't see how they are anything but a good thing.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:51:57
Copy and pasting doesn't count.
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:54:35
So the legality of an image has nothing to do with why it was taken down? Oh ok, so Facebook really just wanted to censor an image of a 3rd party company for fun. Put the crack pipe down.
@_date: 2014-12-26 01:10:43
Or just disable the button when it's clicked to prevent double submits.
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:28:26
It continues...


So what? Every function is different. Are you telling me every single C application that returns false from main is exiting with an error code? I surely hope you don't believe that's what's happening.


You're comparing apples to oranges. Different languages are different, I've coded PHP for over 10y and I've never had a problem writing ternary statements. Nor have I heard anyone complain about them. Some random PHP hate site just might be bias?


That is your opinion, do you have a better way to handle type inference? I'm sure the world would love to hear it since nobody else has managed to do it better and multiple languages work this way.


That isn't the default build of PHP and very few people actually use that. Facebook being one as they developed a VM called Hiphop.


I understood your point I don't agree with your logic. What if you want to select all records from a table? With your suggestion you'd have to add a condition (impacting performance as records are now being checked against it for no gain) where one is not required. Why are we slowing execution to catch mistakes made by poor developers? Shouldn't they learn how to do it properly?


Again this is your opinion. Many languages work like that, it's fine if you don't like it, but it's not a problem if you know what you're doing.


You clearly didn't understand the code you "wrote". You were attempting to apply mathematical order of operations to an array. Combined with the fact you don't understand return codes I'm starting to wonder why I'm even trying to correct you. They teach this stuff on day 1 of any programming class...
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:34:41
Yes and does that somehow impact my statement or your asinine reply?
@_date: 2014-11-08 18:47:39


You're naive if you think sites like Silk Road have done anything but increase government spending. The only way to stop the war on drugs is through public support and by decriminalizing soft drugs. Both Ulbricht and Benthall action's have had the opposite effect, to call them heroes defies all logic.


There is so much crazy in that sentence I'm not sure how to respond.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:08:07
Exactly, especially since the OP is dead wrong on the legality of this.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:15:23
If it has no value then what is it?


If a single one does it's over for them all. The IRS can examine the block chain and find out the wallet addresses for those involved in pools. If any of those users report gains/losses or buys something from a vendor they start filling in the dots to connect the rest. Vendors will not help you avoid taxes. If you can't buy with BTC what would you do with it?


Idealistically yes, realistically it couldn't be further from the truth. You are using public services to generate something of value you can use to purchase other items of value. By not paying tax you are not supporting the system you use to make a living. Regardless of your thoughts on taxes this makes one a bottom feeding leech, feeding off the backs of others to serve no-one other than yourself.
If that's the goal of BTC I don't want to live on this planet anymore. What happened to the ideology of creating a financial system for all? Or has greed destroyed that hope as well.
@_date: 2014-10-04 12:43:38
You do realize betamax is a superior technology to VHS and still lost...
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:23:41
That doesn't make any sense. How can you have a gain from $0? Any % increase or decrease from $0 is still $0. It has to have an initial value for a gain/loss to apply. How else would you calculate it? Read the other comments in this post none of them came to the conclusion you did.
@_date: 2014-10-08 20:07:17
Does that change anything? Unless a US citizen claims ownership it could be owned by a foreigner hosting in the US, who also wouldn't have the rights Ulbricht is claiming.
His defense is basically this; It wasn't me. If it was me, my rights were infringed, but I won't admit it was me unless all the evidence against me can be thrown out on that technicality.
The judge is going to laugh at him.
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:10:26
My first HD was 80mb. I'm still amazed by how far we've come in 25y.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:32:35


I think this is what worries me most, and why I've never bought any BTC. The thought of forgetting a PW, or having someone on the other side of the world steal my wealth without leaving their house is down right scary.
Do you think a device could be built (or does one exist?) that is user friendly and secure enough the general public could use it? If not it seems like an untapped market someone should be working on.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:54:11
I'm not so sure. If superior technology always won over convenience we'd have used beta and not VHS. Higher quality recordings wasn't worth the reduction in tape length and the costs associated with that.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:35:48
I use both dogecoin and bitcoin for tipping. At most I have $20 between the two at any given time, a small enough amount that if it disappears it doesn't matter.
I'm glad to hear you aren't in as bad shape as I initially thought. I'm not against crypto, I just know I'd make a similar mistake to yours and I don't want that responsibility. If exchanges insured deposits and proved they could actually cover a full loss I'd buy in a lot more than I have so far.
I'm not here to speculate, I couldn't care less what the price of each coin is. I'm here because as a developer I believe crypto has some very interesting use cases. Tip bots across multiple sites, remittance to send money home, the guy who posted about paying for his girlfriends groceries from his sofa on another continent. Those are exciting ideas, for me and a lot of other consumers being your own bank is a negative.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:14:35


Yes I did but if this is at all accurate it's not evenly distributed as you suggest:  We also have to factor in lost/stolen coins which erode the percentage further.


Have you ever supported a website or application? I think you are overestimating the average consumers knowledge of computers. Pro users are the minority, your parents are closer to the average than even I would like to admit.


How many companies are making money (legitimately) off P2P? Isn't the goal of BTC is to become a legitimate alternative to traditional currency? Sites that have to transfer their servers to other countries to skirt legalities are not my idea of a successful business. That's the comparison I'm drawing.
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:56:23
If you read what I wrote you'd know that. You run an app on your computer that processes transactions in the background, they don't charge you fees for being part of the network. Same deal as Bitcoin once we mine all coins. Instead of being paid to process, you're saving the typical monthly fee for a bank package to help process transactions.
Now they have the benefits of Bitcoin and you keep using whatever payment method you prefer. It would be a near frictionless transition.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:56:20
Those devices look very promising. I wonder if biometrics were implemented if they could provide an additional layer of security? I'll have to admit the finger print scanner on the 5S makes unlocking a device too easy. Seems like a good fit for these devices as well.


Exactly. If we had hardware wallets with robust and easy to use security it would go a long way to make regular users feel safe while using the technology.
@_date: 2014-12-18 19:45:01
So if it was your credit card that was stolen and used by someone else to buy products online off a shady website, you'd just eat the charge and tell the Police not to bother investigating..?
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:24:47
I see your point, for the regular user that would work and keep coins circulating. Although large holders of BTC can probably afford to save them and buy lunch with fiat.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:04:33
If you can't see how a % multiplied by 0 = 0, or understand my theft analogy then I'm at a loss.
I'm not disagreeing with you that BTC aren't created from nothing. I know they are, I'm saying the instant they are created they inherit the market worth. Just as gold does when you dig it up. Neither are worth $0 until a sale occurs. It's foolish to believe so as it contradicts basic mathematics and economics. The IRS isn't going to believe you either if you try to tell them that.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:32:03
The lawsuits didn't start until after he filed for protection...
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:34:37
Where are you going to have the item shipped to? You'll have to give them your address to receive the product. Even if you swap the coins between wallets won't every transaction show up in the block chain? Start from the end (sale), the vendor reports their taxes and who they sold to, they work backwards along the route and tie it to you.
Now that they can connect you to a wallet for a single purchase, scour the block chain for any other transactions. Now they've found them all and you are in serious trouble.
Vendor's won't help you avoid taxes and the block chain records everything. The moment your wallet is tied to a person (by buying anything) you're screwed. If you can't buy what's the point of using it?
@_date: 2014-12-17 13:17:59
You seem to be under the impression a computer can store any digit a user gives it which is simply untrue. We have ways to work around this (at the cost of accuracy) but even that library has limits. That's the point I'm trying to get at, computers will never be able to store "any" number there's always a floor or ceiling on what is possible due to how memory addressing works. No amount of creating programming will get around that.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:54:30


Interesting I had not considered that. So you see them being split up to cover demand. For that to work do you see BTC holding a large value per coin giving fractions a decent worth?


VERY cool. I will read up on those I didn't know they existed. Thanks for the links!
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:10:19
Parody laws do not entitle you to copy someone's creative 1-1 without their permission.
@_date: 2014-03-27 19:03:52
I completely agree, it's sad to see such a promising technology that could do so much good in the world being tossed aside in the name of personal profit.
MtGox crashing was a perfect opportunity to prove this. If the majority of the community truly wanted to change the world and start a financial revolution they should have collected donations to replace the users lost coins. By distancing themselves they proved exactly what they're in it for, personal gain and nothing more.
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:07:17
I quit over 4y ago. Their privacy/security is horrendous.
@_date: 2014-11-24 02:07:46
Other currencies don't have a finite supply.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:46:11
Not really. What options do we have today?
* Paper wallets kept in a safe: susceptible to physical theft, natural disasters, fire, flood, etc.
* Hardware wallets: eventually all hardware fails. One of them has a PIN so you can restore, susceptible to social engineering
* Online exchange: we both know the answer to this
* Your own computer: OP is one of many examples that's been posted here
Unless you're keeping paper wallets in a insured safety deposit box I don't see how you can claim 100% security. At that point how easy is it to actually use?
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:42:56


Someone else mentioned this and the more I think about it I'm not sure it will be that easy. If each coin was worth say $10,000 you could divide a coin into $5 pieces and have lots to go around. The problem is if this happens, that means the value of BTC will constantly rise due to increased demand/volume. If the value is always increasing, won't users hold reserves and not spend them knowing they will be worth more tomorrow?


I think this is a bigger problem with BTC than P2P. With P2P at no point in the chain are outside sources required for it to function as a medium. It's truly decentralized and BTC can't make the same claim. For a business to accept BTC, which I'd argue is required for mass adoption, they are at the mercy of their payment gateways. If the government enacts rules/regulations on accepting BTC they can easily make it difficult if not impossible for a business to use them.
If they limit your ability to make purchases with them why would a consumer chose BTC over an established one? If you are running a business would you risk losing your gateway to accept BTC?
I don't believe BTC can thrive in the same conditions as P2P does. The only way around that is to prove it's value as legitimate currency and break away from it's negative associations.
@_date: 2014-11-08 14:48:32
Wouldn't "risk their lives in pursuit of liberty" mean they'd actually try to change the laws, instead of pretending they don't exist? I think we'd both agree the war on drugs is an exercise in futility. Opening darknet markets isn't a permanent solution and will not win public support. We should be rallying to change the laws not supporting criminals too afraid to fight for us.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:54:19
I've never read they filed hoping to recover the lost coins. In all the documents released since there was never a mention of that. They specifically asked for donations to allow them to run a fractional reserve and limit withdraws of both BTC and fiat until they could recover. That doesn't seem to fit your suggestion.
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:36:00
Or, you know, some of us may think you're nuts.
@_date: 2014-11-24 01:07:13
It depends. Today? No chance, bitcoin is the Linux of payment systems.
If someone can make it user friendly for someone who only uses a computer for Facebook and email bitcoin will succeed. We aren't anywhere close to that at the moment. I'd wager it will happen someday but not for at least 5+ years. Banks, Apple/Google, CurrentC will all continue iterating against bitcoin and its a race to the finish line.
Ease of use is the major driving factor behind every consumer product.
I'm skeptical of what will happen if the block rewards drop too low before mass adoption occurs. Large mining farms are struggling now at the current price how will they survive if it goes lower and they have to live off transaction fees?
I also don't believe bitcoin has it in the bag either. Tomorrow someone could build upon its principals and create a superior altcoin. Everyone thought MySpace was too big to fail, and in tech the top dog doesn't usually last long.
I believe the technology is here to stay, but it's still too early to tell what the end game will look like. That's why a lot of gov and businesses overlook it. It's not a threat to them yet as its still a niche product.
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:15:54
Push? Does Coinbase send a request for payment each month the user has to confirm?
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:58:24
@_date: 2014-08-18 16:29:41
Ah, so because there is no central authority on the network to control it you'd have to control &gt;50% of the nodes first.
Where do block rewards come from? In my head I've always imagined a bucket filled with random lego surrounded by children all trying to find one piece. Each child puts their hand in the bucket and draws a piece, the lucky winner wins a prize. Once enough other children verify the winners claim the win is conceded and they receive their prize.
I recently saw a documentary on some scientists who found a way to hide data in artificially created dead spots during the transmission of data over fiber optics. Using an array of prisms they break the light apart and create a small gap used to store a payload. Current systems see the dead spot as the equivalent to a CRC error and drop it, but the data is still received and if you knew it was there you are able to retrieve it. This is essentially undetectable unless you know the exact signature to look for.
Are new blocks drawn from the blockchain or is the ledger and mining bucket separate systems? If the ledger and pool of reward blocks draw from the same system, at some point nodes must be at least aware of one another to prevent two children from trying to pick the same piece of lego at the same time. If a mining node can pull from the bucket what prevents them from putting something in the bucket that another user could conceivably take out in an attempt to find a reward?
We've all seen virii that execute under non-obvious conditions, like embedding a virus in a photo that executes when viewed. What prevents a node from injecting a fake block into the bucket and how does bitcoin verify nodes before it attempts to extract a reward from them?
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:54:27
Blizzard and Abobe were two on my list, I wasn't aware of CNN's service. Thanks for pointing that out!
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:35:24
I see your point and I wish it were the case for the unlucky people who had coins/funds on MtGox, but I have to wonder. If that was true and they were only trying to buy time to recover the coins, why wouldn't they just say that? Heck, the community would pour in to work with them and they'd save a lot of face in the process. The leaked documents and their reaction doesn't seem to fit that description of events (IMO).
@_date: 2014-10-29 13:50:48
Did you read my post? I gave an example of an incentive, a no fees account. Security problem solved.
The major problem Bitcoin faces in consumer adoption. I'd argue that cannot happen the way the system is designed today. BTC will never reach mass adoption until 95% of the technology is abstracted away from the user. It needs to be Apple Pay / Google Wallet easy. Consumers don't care about saving 2% if it's a headache to use it.
Who is most poised to do that? Whoever has the most to lose from Bitcoin, and that would be banks.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:12:53


Care to explain? I can count the number of legitimate businesses that make use of P2P on one hand. Sure there are the exceptions but they are mostly non-profits.
@_date: 2014-03-26 11:47:29


Bingo. If citizens try to evade taxes you can be sure stiffer regulations will follow. If you guys want an alternative to traditional currency (isn't that the point?) you need to treat it as such and work with the gov/businesses to legitimize it. If you fight them they will kill it and it will be nobody's fault but our own.
@_date: 2014-11-20 00:08:30




You're close, the risk may be small but it's still there. I'd rather pay a small fee per month and not have to worry.
@_date: 2014-06-30 13:09:56


No, I think it's pretty ridiculous to believe it will. Bitcoin hasn't been proven as a consumer product yet let alone reliable enough for backing a countries economy.
@_date: 2014-03-20 17:25:18
Would BTC be considered a success if you have to delve into the back alley's of the internet to use it? I can't see the average consumer bothering if that was the case. Without mass adoption and places to spend coins it's value as a currency is non-existent. If a large percentage of users stopped using BTC the price would tank and never recover. BTC needs users to have value, just like P2P (seeders) except with P2P there's no point in the chain where you require someone else (exchange) for it to function in the consumer market. P2P is truly decentralized, BTC is not (yet).
I don't consider black market uses a success for a technology that's purpose is to provide an alternative to traditional currency. Saying cash thrives on the black market doesn't help average Joe who wants to buy a product online. All it helps is the people BTC doesn't (and shouldn't) want to be associated with.
BTC needs to distance itself from illegal activity as much as possible, or it will inevitably suffer the same fate as P2P. No one can deny P2P changed the world, but very few companies have found a way to legally monetize it.
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:48:14
The world already has multiple super computers that could provide this level of hashing power. You wouldn't need to run them indefinitely, going over 50% for a few days would scare enough to panic sell and crash the price.
@_date: 2014-12-21 15:11:23
201A is pretty damning. It'll be interesting to see how his lawyers try to spin that one.
@_date: 2014-03-18 12:10:34
I don't think it that's we hate Bitcoin, I posted a thread with some (what I thought anyway) valid concerns. Some of the responses were great, others deplorable. I guess a lot of it comes down to a few questions that I can't seem to answer for myself;
1) Why? As a consumer, I can pay with CC or PayPal at any online retailer. I cannot do the same with BTC (yet). I understand the benefit for the seller (less/no fees), but as a buyer I don't pay those anyway. I have more protection (refund, fraud etc) with traditional payment methods. For a general consumer who wants to buy something online from a reputable retailer what problem is BTC attempting to solve?
2) I don't think most of us really need the anonymity BTC provides, and this is coming from someone who deleted FaceBook 4+ years ago over privacy concerns. Not that it isn't a great feature, but I don't think most people care. If they did FaceBook wouldn't exist and Target would go bankrupt after having customers info stolen. Convenience &gt; everything.
3) Security issues. Personally I don't want a file on my computer worth as much as my house. It's too risky. I've been a developer for 10+ years and the thought still worries me. One mistake on your part and it's over.
4) It reminds me of gold in World of Warcraft. Worthless to anyone who doesn't play, some users will pay you real $ for them and there are companies who grind to sell. This is a pretty small minority, regular consumers laugh at the thought and think they're crazy for spending real money on digital goods.
5) Ultimately if trends continue I think it's users will be it's undoing. I read way to many posts on here about toppling governments, evading taxes, and a lot of shady activity. If users take a P2P stance, "you can't touch us!" it will not end well. It seems like more people are interested in evading than replacing other forms of currency. People are quick to say, "P2P won!" but what did they win? Piracy is still a crime and while a lot of people get away with it, is that really what they want from BTC? A currency they have to delve into the back alleys of the internet to spend? Like P2P, I see a lot of potential in BTC, but I worry that greed and ignorance will prevent it from becoming everything it could be.
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:17:59
Well that and it's illegal to copy someones creative without their permission.
@_date: 2014-12-28 12:02:05
On one hand, I think this is a brilliant idea and I would have tipped several users who have responded to my posts.
On the other I fear what I may do to the community. Currently people help others because they want to. Adding a monetary component may have the effect of posters not helping those who don't have a history of tipping. Or worse, a history of tipping *too little*. The amount of money you have should not determine the quality of help you receive.
It's a dangerous game. It could be the best thing that ever happened to SO or it could destroy everything they've worked so hard to achieve. I'm not sure that's a gamble we should take.
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:49:28
No my site isn't on TOR but we use the same CAPTCHA.
reCAPTCHA works on TOR? I was under the impression part of the site wasn't running under TOR due to a misconfiguration (or possibly on purpose as described below) and that's how they were able to find it.
I've never tried using reCAPTCHA under TOR but being a Google service that links to their site I'm surprised they would support it. This seems to match what the fed's say regarding the login page not being under TOR. It's quite possible it doesn't work under TOR and he had to expose that page publicly to stop bots from attempting to brute force logins (or spam etc).
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:31:44
Neat, so in the future recurring may be available to everyone. I'll keep an eye out for news on that thanks!
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:08:43
That is based on the assumption that BTC can rival one-click purchasing. As you said the average internet user does not possess the skills required to use BTC at present. That hurdle must be fixed if BTC hopes to become mainstream.
Look at Apple, people criticize them left right and center for everything they do. But you can't deny the appeal of 'easy'. BTC is anything but easy for mass consumers.
@_date: 2014-12-14 13:43:52
"Hey IBM, we're going to borrow Watson for the weekend. The engineers from NASA have software they want to test."
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:03:12
A post with 0 rating and 11 comments, most of which are against the idea.
@_date: 2014-11-25 00:31:13
Oh I understand your point, you've somehow convinced yourself Facebook is to blame. Ignorance is bliss.
@_date: 2014-12-04 23:44:04
If people see an extra charge and do not already have bitcoin they will shop somewhere else.
A better solution is to discount a purchase made using bitcoin. That provides an incentive and doesn't penialize your other customers.
@_date: 2014-03-20 14:30:22
Ban no, but make using it near impossible for the average consumer.
Gov: Bitcoin supports terroism by allowing rebel groups to send funds to one another. Any US company caught accepting this as payment for services will be fined/prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
Companies: TAKE THOSE PAGES DOWN NOW!
Reddit users: You didn't stop it! We can still use it on the Darknet! To buy... stuff... I don't know.
Regular user: What is a Darknet?
This is why you can't compare BTC and P2P. For business Bitcoin requires outside sources to function as a currency (BTC -&gt; fiat). It is trivial for any government to enact rules/regulations to prevent this. Without conversion to fiat BTC will disappear for all but the die hard enthusiasts.
If they wanted to stop Bitcoin I'm sure the Gov would play the Terrorism card. Why not? It's easy and the public has no recourse against it.
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:11:10
You said an incentive was required, my post detailed one, so yes I did read yours and I don't think you read mine. Or you chose to ignore it and asked the question again hoping to receive a pro-bitcoin answer.
I am comparing these two situations from a new user perspective;
1. Bitcoin, user has to trade fiat for coins, then make a purchase. They pay fees to convert, then save a bit on the transaction by giving up their ability to charge back. Count the steps for a complete purchase.
2. Bank who's backend is based off a blockchain. Users only need to install an app to have their banking fees credited. They do this once and forget about it, and keep buying online the way they did before.
Which is easier? You're vastly underestimating the needs and skills of the average consumer.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:50:08


According to the document they plan to do just that. If you don't convert to fiat immediately you can file capital gains/losses when you do sell it. Did you read the whole article?
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:44:20
That will be a single entry and nothing close to what you're asking for. If they did provide an IP log of that request, then what?
@_date: 2014-03-20 15:14:43
The US is already close to being a totalitarian state. Look at what the average US citizen has given up post 9/11. The public accepts this as they believe the gov is protecting them. By labeling BTC as Terrorism all the normal laws go out the window. Anyone questioning them or fighting back will be labeled a terrorist and go to jail without a hearing.
The government does not and will not care what some random CEO thinks. This is painfully evident from the Snowden leaks. The CEO's of Facebook, Google, Apple, etc have all called for transparency. How far has that gotten them so far? They hold much more weight than BTC advocates could ever hope to (by employing so many citizens) and so far they haven't been successful either.
Companies lobby the government, not the other way around. The gov does not care about PR until it effects elections. At this point not enough of the population is using it for that to be a concern.
Bitcoin is not an established industry (yet). Killing it off is not going to put thousands of citizens out of work and cause a public backlash. BTC has a lot of supporters, and some in high positions, but don't pretend they are so entrenched in society that they can force the government to do their bidding.
@_date: 2014-11-24 23:13:32




No, it's a product comparison.




No, he used a 1-1 copy.


Ok just ignore all the facts so the answer suits you.
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:51:20
You copied their entire creative, that is illegal and I'm not sure why you are surprised they filed a complaint.
LOL @ downvotes for telling the truth. Keep the 'jerk going.
@_date: 2014-04-03 18:54:55
Apples to oranges, your fiat didn't decrease in value from $1200 to $450 in like 3 months. Can you imagine what that would have done to the profit margin of a company like Overstock if they had held?
@_date: 2014-10-29 14:20:38
Ask an average consumer whether they care if their payment processor is centralized or decentralized. Most will answer, "I don't know what you mean but as long as I don't get ripped off I'm good."
@_date: 2014-11-24 19:02:42
You should probably remove her email now that you've deleted all your idiotic posts about it being ok to steal someone else's creative.
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:52:38
Eh, if you can't tell the difference between what they did in that ad and the OP's you might just be a crack head.
@_date: 2014-03-30 13:08:29
All but one of your points are good news for crypto-currency as a whole not specifically BTC. I think a common misconception is that investors are funding Bitcoin the currency when they are actually funding bitcoin the protocol. A small distinction, but one that doesn't directly relate to a higher price.
This is just my opinion, but if I was going to drop $20m into a new venture I'd want to reach as many markets as possible. The commission on transactions is a lucrative business and they want a piece of the market. They'll get their cut if people use BTC, Dogecoin, Litecoin, if the price is $1/coin, $5/coin, $5000/coin it doesn't matter. Obviously they'd make more with a higher price per coin but they are in it for volume. It's a predictable way to ensure you turn a profit. Unless the eco-system dies you will always make money, and once you build the exchange it takes little effort to maintain it. They are betting on the future of crypto not BTC.
The IRS release is bad news. It complicates things, BTC was already too complicated for the masses and now it's worse. If you thought explaining crypto to a new user was difficult before now it's a mess. A lot of that can be automated by software, but the hard truth remains. If all that is necessary for Average Joe to buy a product online and they already accept fiat/CC/PayPal, why bother?
@_date: 2014-04-17 13:01:33
So what you're saying is, you'd rather leech from society then contribute like everyone else. That's a very selfish attitude to have, especially since you are using publicly funded systems to "break free from slavery" as you put it.
@_date: 2014-11-16 02:14:54
Love the idea, but won't most merchants use different encryption schemes on their data? Or is the intent for them to decrypt and re encrypt using your method?
@_date: 2014-11-05 02:38:50
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:07:12
You pay tax on all other income why is BTC any different?
Miners had this coming. They're using the public grid to earn a living and should be paying to support it.
@_date: 2014-03-27 22:10:06
The positive PR from a move like that would be priceless. If you want earn public trust you have to work as a community. I don't think you'd have to do a 1 to 1 either. Give anyone with small amounts the full return and large holders a %. I don't feel bad for the people trading their life savings on there but a lot of little people were hurt as well.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:47:02


I still find it unlikely. If a poured my heart and soul into a business for several years I wouldn't give it up without a fight. Bankruptcy is a last resort, if there was any possibility of reclaiming the coins you wouldn't play that card unless it was a necessity.


Protestors yes, but no lawsuits. That didn't come until after they filed for bankruptcy, and the lawsuits are based on the premise he knew he was insolvent and continued accepting money from people.


Do you honestly believe anyone who knows anything about BitCoin (and even those who don't and watch the news) would go near them with a 10ft pole after this debacle? If he does re-open, people will move all their coins out of his exchange and never return.
@_date: 2014-12-03 13:36:41
Not sure why you feel the need to bring religion into this. Regardless of which side you fall on believing you can answer the question of how life started is rather egotistical.
We may reach the moon, or we may stay on earth. It's too early to tell and we're still a long ways off mass adoption.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:09:49
You can down-vote my post if you want but it doesn't change the fact it was correct.
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:10:42


No shit, I assumed you'd read my last post where I quoted all 6 times I said it was. That's why I asked you to drop it, I'm not disagreeing with you on that.


Distributed processing using an internal coin/blockchain. If you can't see that I guess you think P2P is a joke and Usenet reigns supreme.


I called it a miner because I have no idea what you'd call mining software once all coins have been mined and they switch to processing transactions. Is there even a term for that yet? In my analogy they'd never be mining coins;


I don't agree with this statement;


Distributed processing on a large network will trump a centralized system every single time. If in 5y 1/2 the worlds population has bought into crypto do you honestly believe any of the major CC companies networks could touch that speed and power with a 10ft pole? It would be the worlds largest and fastest super computer (albeit a very specialized one).
Even with a central authority on coins (notice I did not say network), you would still need consensus for the internal transactions that were being made.
Can you explain to me why you think a centralized system is faster? We both know the number of requests per second is significantly lower for obvious reasons. If a centralized system can handle fewer requests than a distributed one in the same time period, how is it better?
It's definitely more complicated, but when has that stopped us before? Nobody chooses Node because it's easy, they use it so they can handle 20k requests a second on a low spec box. The performance is worth the extra effort to write and maintain the infrastructure.




Care to respond?
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:05:36


Uh, ok. Pick any programming language in existence and try to divide 9,223,372,036,854,775,808 by 2. I'll wait.
@_date: 2014-12-24 16:20:30
If all Ross was selling was weed I'd agree with you. I do not agree with heroin and meth being easily accessible to the public. The con's far outweigh the pro's, drug prohibition is a necessary evil for the majority of society. I doubt he'll see sympathy from most on this issue.
To call drug use a victimless crime is pure ignorance. Ask the family of anyone who has a member addicted to one of these drugs.
@_date: 2014-10-30 11:55:21


It does. It may not today, extrapolate bitcoin for the next 5y and take a guess at what it's hashing power will be. Any distributed system with many nodes will provide better performance than a centralized one, even if there is a central authority controlling the distributed system. Lot's of aspects of computing share this trend: parallel programming (more lower clock cores &gt; fewer higher clock cores), P2P (many slow nodes) vs. direct download (few high capacity nodes), BotNet's, etc.


That is simply untrue. P2P is a good analogy. Imagine there's a single torrent site feeding all links, they would be a central authority on how to download files. Once you have the details, you connect to hundreds/thousands of distributed clients to stream chunks of data. P2P with few seeds is inefficient, P2P with hundreds of seeds is very efficient. The bitcoin network is the same, it's power is it's size not who controls it.


The cost to maintain all the colo's supporting transactions is huge. If a bank was able to push transaction processing to the community they would save a fortune on salaries for employees, hosting fees, etc. In the beginning they'd have to run both which would cost more, but over time they would remove colo costs and could offset the loss in fees by the savings in hosting.


What costs? To write an app and give it to customers? Going back to my no fees incentive, the cost of that solution pales in comparison to the ongoing costs any payment processor is using today. All the CC companies outsource processing, they can't handle the volume on their own and pay companies a small fortune to securely process transactions for them.
Forget about bitcoin (the currency) for a moment and only focus on the blockchain. Take that technology and see what else you can apply it to. If you keep an open mind you'll be surprised at what you can come up with. This is why I believe a lot of tech companies are so interested in bitcoin. Those of us with an imagination can find ways to apply it to just about anything.
@_date: 2014-03-12 20:41:40
Interesting, I hadn't seen that article. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-11-19 21:56:29
Posts like this reaffirm my choice to never use crypto beyond tipping. Yes the poster made some bad decisions, we all do that. As humans we are not infallible beings.
Why anyone would willingly chose to put their life savings on their personal computer is beyond me. You can be hacked, backups can fail, a natural disaster could destroy your computer/keys, someone could break in and steal your machine, there's literally a hundred ways you can get screwed.
Call me when someone opens a "Bitcoin bank" that insures deposits and I can draw from easily and I'll re-review my stance. Until that day bitcoin will always be a niche product for me.
I feel for you OP. Hopefully you learn from this mistake.
@_date: 2014-04-03 20:51:42
Is that really something you want a business to compare BTC to?
@_date: 2014-03-21 12:25:25
Makes sense. How popular is Coinbase in the BTC community? Do you think this is worth pursuing or would we see limited results because of vendor lock in?
@_date: 2014-11-24 22:53:27
Did you? rwrcneoin is correct as I've stated many times in this thread.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:46:19


Not sure I understand the comparison. Him doing it for free doesn't matter. Even if you did pay him he would be responsible for reporting it as income not you.
Mining isn't free. Ask anyone who does it how free their power bill is. Where do they get that power? Tax dollars helped build that system. Where do they get their internet connection? Gov subsidies to telco's to increase saturation. Someone has to pay for the infrastructure.


Gifts are not considered income. BTC is not a gift.
@_date: 2014-12-14 23:09:12


When has humanity ever mined a resource without doing so? So you believe they would truck the water to a facility, process it, then dump it back in the ocean..? That sounds like us.
The idea of using one of our most precious resources for anything other than to sustain life is pure stupidity. You don't replace one precious resource with another rarer resource when the first runs out. That's like saying we're running out of fish for sushi, so let's start eating endangered birds instead.
@_date: 2014-12-05 02:09:48
if nobody paid taxes how would a city provide any of the services they do now?
@_date: 2014-03-25 14:03:07
Do you believe they are interested in the future of BTC, or are they going to pump the price up, dump, and send it back to the ground once they've made their $?
I'm highly skeptical of any investment group looking at BTC. They see the price changes and want a piece of the pie. As soon as they feel it's peaked they'll dump and move on to the next venture.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:12:11
So then prove it's legitimate by working within the system and stop trying to subvert taxes. You are committing fraud by using the public grid to generate income and not contributing to support it.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:27:13
Consider the PR nightmare he created by simply using the word bankruptcy. Why go there at all unless you absolutely have to? That's my point if in case I wasn't clear. There are a lot of other ways to handle this (if the loss wasn't a real loss/hack and the coins were misplaced/lost keys) and all of them paint the business in a better light.
@_date: 2014-03-25 19:09:04
Which lends more to my argument then yours. If that were the case, why not be up front about it? If he had, less damage would have been done to his name/business and users of MtGox would have a reason to keep trusting him.
To be honest this whole situation was a great opportunity for the BTC community to band together and help an ailing exchange back on it's feet. In my mind they did the opposite by distancing themselves, they proved they're powered by greed and couldn't care less about starting a financial revolution.
@_date: 2014-11-24 13:00:10
No data type in existence is infinitely divisible.


Isn't that the exact same as smaller numbers?
@_date: 2014-10-08 20:58:55
And if they didn't use any of those tools like they said they didn't? You're asking for evidence that doesn't exist, nor does it need to.
It's obvious you know a lot about computers. I'm a developer myself and even I can admit that a good portion of the time you stumble on the answer. You try a hundred things and the last one works, sometimes the answer is so simple it's been staring you in the face for hours. I don't find it hard to believe that was the case here. Why should they have to provide logs for what didn't work when the answer they gave can be confirmed?
You're telling me you can't leak an IP through a CAPTCHA. I just tried with our site, it's not only possible it only took 5 mins to do it.
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:27:40
Not sure I understand your point.
Unless you were 100% sure you could not get them back why would you go down that road in the first place? His name is tarnished, his companies name is tarnished, even if he did find them nobody in their right mind would deal with them again. By filing his business has no hope of ever succeeding again.
@_date: 2014-03-26 11:37:25
Won't be that difficult. Start at the point of purchase, vendors are going to file accurate taxes. Take the wallet the payment came from and trace backwards. Eventually they'll connect the dots and suspect you of mining. Either by your activity or someone else's in the pool your wallets part of. That's enough for an audit, then they'll see you own more assets then your reported income allows and go through your life with a fine toothed comb.
As for prices transactions are timestamped, so matching a historical price to a transaction isn't rocket science.
@_date: 2014-10-08 21:13:19
I was able to pull the IP from the CAPTCHA on my site. So..?
@_date: 2014-11-24 18:53:18
Parody laws do not allow you to copy their entire creative.
@_date: 2014-03-26 14:52:05
If you take that stance you will lose, just like every one of your examples. The solution is to play ball, we may take a hit for a few years but as BTC becomes mainstream you'll have more sway to change the laws.
@_date: 2014-12-26 20:00:36
You can bind multiple events to any DOM element and they won't interfere with one another. I don't know why an extension would bind to random buttons and browser extensions cannot do this on an encrypted page. I think you're being overly paranoid :S
@_date: 2014-12-27 12:34:02
Who said the internet couldn't scale? I'm not sure how one could make that statement considering it's entire purpose is to be a WAN. Skype maybe, you could question how they would handle many simultaneous video streams, but that's an ISP problem not MS's.
@_date: 2014-03-21 16:55:54
That's not a big deal, we already have that in place for CC payments (failed, expired, etc).
@_date: 2014-11-28 18:56:38
Surprised no one has mentioned Alan Turing yet.
@_date: 2014-04-03 20:51:29


And your suggestion makes that unprobable the way things are going right now.
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:30:30
When the US contacted the ISP owning that address they could request or subpoena the owners details. If at that point they found out he was a US citizen they knew they were able to arrest him. He was arrested in the US wasn't he?
Obviously the US marshal's can't just show up in another country, storm a data center and leave with a server. If they didn't bring the proper paperwork they'd be laughed at (no jurisdiction) so the raid was clearly done in conjunction with local authorities.
As an Iclandic police officer if a high up US official calls you and explains the situation, the culprit is an American not living in Iceland but his server is hosted there, why would you fight to work on a case you can't see through? Let them handle it, you can't arrest the suspect if you wanted to.
I see your point, but I don't think playing the "server = country rights" game is going to work much longer. If you are a US citizen you know what is right and lawful in your country, simply moving your server to another country should not exempt you from living up to that standard. Pretty sure drug trafficking is illegal in Iceland too so I don't think it matters where it was hosted.
People say he's a hero, a real hero would challenge the laws and rally the people to have them changed. Not break the law and hide in the shadows.
@_date: 2014-10-08 22:04:08
Say you know there's this bad website out there breaking a lot of laws in your country. To find out who's running it you first need to locate it to see if it contains clues about the owner and if you have jurisdiction to arrest them. If the site's under TOR you have to find it's real IP to geolocate it's provider and owner. IP's are given out in blocks to ISPs in different regions, with the starting ranges being reserved for gov/military.
Through trial and error attacking the site you stumble on a page serving content not under TOR. By exploiting that request you are able to determine the box's real IP. From that IP you know what country it's in and what ISP is serving it.
You trace the IP and arrest a suspect who you find out is a US citizen. If that citizen claimed ownership of the server's contents they would have additional rights. He has not. He can't make a claim against them without acknowledging the searched/seized products as his property. If they aren't his, and he has not indicated they are, why should he have protection against their contents?
@_date: 2014-03-29 20:44:47


Until crypto-currency is as easy to use as fiat it will *never* replace it. Until your parents can use BTC or they grow old and pass away it won't happen. There's just too much of our current population that is not technical enough to use it as it stands today. We'd need something akin to BTC debit cards that are accepted everywhere. Which wouldn't be that different from prepaid credit cards, which we already have and pose no threat to fiat. The problem with prefilled cards is now you're holding coins and are subject to gains/losses. The wallet software could calculate this for you based on your purchases, but if all that is necessary just to buy an item online with it how can anyone say it's better or easier than fiat?
It's going to take a long time to convince people to give up payment systems that already work for them. Regardless of the benefits people want easy and I'm not so sure that BTC can ever be as easy as a debit or CC. The only way for it to be that easy is if you got paid in BTC, paid your bills in BTC, etc. Otherwise the conversion to and from fiat will be a deal breaker for older generations and anyone who doesn't see the purpose. Why convert a currency to another currency when they already accept the first one? 
You'd be surprised how many people out there still pay bills with paper cheques. I'm just over 30 and I doubt BTC will overtake fiat in my life time. From Average Joe's perspective there's too many extra steps involved for little to no gain.
@_date: 2014-11-19 23:18:50
I never said bitcoin was flawed, I said humans are flawed. As such I'm not comfortable going "all in" as I know its likely I'll slip up someday. If you are that's great, some of us prefer paying someone else to shoulder that responsibility.
@_date: 2014-03-26 18:09:42


That's not what I'm saying at all. You have to file income of the current value when it's mined, not when you sell it. What happens next depends on the market and if you hold on to it.
Say it's worth $1000 when you mine it. You immediately sell it for $1000, net result is 0 (no gains/loss) so you file $1000 of income and no gain/loss.
Now say you mine it at $1000 and don't sell it. If a) the price drops to $500 you file $1000 of income (the price it was worth when mined) and a $500 capital loss (the price its worth now). You can only file $3k/year of loss as far as I know. So hoarding coins could be very dangerous if the price drops and you mined at a higher price. Or b) if the price goes up to $1250, you file $1000 income and a $250 as a capital gain.
@_date: 2014-03-31 17:20:07
You couldn't be more wrong, I'm in it for fun. For me, Doge is what crypto should be. Something I can share with others and have a good laugh while I do it. The price is actually one reason I prefer it, it's cheap. I can tip 50-100 doge all day and barely spend any money.


The mindset of the community is the polar opposite, I doubt BTC holders tip a fraction of what Doge does every day. They could, but from what I read on here most covet their coins like Gollum.
@_date: 2014-03-12 17:21:07


What I meant was from a technology perspective legitimate businesses need to implement it to prove it's value outside illicit activities. This problem has plagued P2P since it's inception. Napster gave it an ugly face and while advocates rallied for it's legitimate uses (*nix distro's etc) they were never successful in convincing the public otherwise. More users were using it for copyright infringement than sharing files with one another. I think it's fair to say BTC is in the same situation today. Or at least that is the impression most have of it.
@_date: 2014-03-03 13:38:01
Requiring a where condition is as silly as your rebuttal. How does method consistency effect security? Oh wait, it doesn't.
Keep posting though I haven't had a laugh this good in a while.
@_date: 2015-01-13 20:05:35
Pretty sure most will disagree with you. Some should be legalized/decriminalized, but not drugs like meth and heroin. You have a much higher chance of becoming an addict then not.
@_date: 2015-01-09 02:17:53


They are when you ask for their help to rehabilitate yourself. Taxpayers are paying for those services.


Not all, but drugs like meth and heroin sure are.


Nobody forced them to put a needle in their arm. They take the risk, they're responsible for the repercussions. Your arguing for free access to drugs without law enforcement getting involved, then asking them to pay for your rehabilitation..?


You think giving people hard drugs is harm *reduction*? How about not giving them those drugs at all? Wouldn't that *prevent* harm?


That doesn't mean we should enable more users by giving them easy access to drugs. Criminal charges aren't the answer, mail order drugs is an even worse answer.
@_date: 2015-01-13 00:56:41
Is it? Conways Game of Life seems to suggest otherwise.
@_date: 2014-04-03 19:11:25


That is true if selling outpaces buying, which it is and that's why the price is dropping. More users are holding (which is actually bad for the economy not good as you say) and the ones who are spending aren't replacing as much. Couple this with slow adoption rates and the price will continue to fall until something changes.
The only way the price is going to go up is if the community receives an influx of new users, who are fighting for coins and create a demand for the currency. Asking businesses to hold is never going to happen. We have to prove the value of BTC not them.
@_date: 2015-01-09 02:09:32
Selling meth and heroin is a victimless crime..? Ask the users families if they agree with you.
@_date: 2015-01-09 02:36:40
I've done almost every drug in the book and have friends who didn't make it out. I've seen the ugly face of addiction first hand and it's not pretty. Ask a social worker how many users want or even entertain the idea of rehabilitation.
If you honestly believe drug use is a victimless crime you're farther out of touch than I. When I walk past those people who once held so much promise in their life, emaciated, living on the street and bumming for change I seriously question your logic on making it *easier* for others to follow suit.
@_date: 2014-03-26 17:37:04
If your country wasn't god knows how many trillions in debt I'd agree with you.
@_date: 2014-11-23 12:48:35
Did you really just say Java is better than C++? Yikes...
@_date: 2014-12-21 22:52:45
Show me on my CC bill where I pay for protection.
And yes, paying a bank fee is for piece of mind. If you read this subreddit regularly bitcoin users have coins stolen on an almost weekly basis. This is with a small percentage (and technically savvy) of the population using it. Imagine what you'd read if mass adoption had occurred and cold storage was still in the place it is now.
Personally I'm *waiting* for some form of bitcoin insurance before I buy in quantity, and I expect to pay for that protection.
@_date: 2015-03-20 01:24:45
Do you work in IT? If you did you'd know exactly what I_CANT_POTATO is talking about. The vast majority of consumers only use their computer for email/Facebook and most of them aren't even very good at that.
Case in point: I had to help a room-mate of mine with her computer. I told her she should use FF/Chrome not IE.












To get her to use FF, I had to remove the IE icon from her desktop and change FF's icon to IE's icon. She did not notice it wasn't the same browser...
If it isn't easy they won't take the time to learn, they'll just ignore it and continue using what they do know (CC/fiat). You make it sound like they have to and today they certainly don't. Your pinning the catalyst of success on the problem we haven't solved.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:57:56
Did you really just make a quip about allowing women to vote..?