@_author: splatch777
@_date: 2014-09-13 05:54:39
localbitcoins dot Com
was one of my alternatives after Coinbase marked 15 of 19 buy transactions as "high risk" and canceled them, but only after holding onto my $USD for several weeks before returning it. 
Bitstamp has been great to work with as well, no problems, but I don't like giving entities my ID to trade any more. I think that just opens up Pandor's box to ALL THE SAME PROBLEMS WE HAVE TODAY WITH BANKS AND USD, or at least most of them.
It's not that hard to hide backups and be safe and it will only get easier as the software matures.
The problem with Coinbase is it is based on a failicy. But it's a necessary falicy to get retailers interested and get BTC working in the marketplace. I wish them well, but I will no longer do business with them, and if you care about privacy, if you care about taking your own currency into your own hands and making it safe without needing banks any longer, then that is the vision we much all hold in order to see that future prevail.
Paypal will soon support BTC, so that was the real line in the sand for me, that said BTC is not going to fail. Apple will follow soon enough. Then the banks will want in. If you are smart, you will have nothing to do with these entities, and just use BTC all by itself with no help from them.
Coinbase as a wallet? Bad idea.
@_date: 2014-09-13 06:19:02
Coinbase, is very low. They have horrible customer service and will interrogate you via email if you let them..
They will ask you why you want to trade and what you are doing with your coins. They will not offer you instant transactions unless you register with a VISA CREDIT CARD. 
Thus all orders are held and not closed for several days.
They will cancel your order several days after you make it, if they will lose money on it (because of BTC price going down, in the case of a buy order, because chances are good they paid more for the coins than you are buying them for). 
I think Coinbase is run by the most paranoid people I've ever encountered. I understand paranoia, but this just goes too far.. worse than any bank.
I have never received such poor customer service as from Coinbase, and I am glad now that it forced me to find better alternatives. (localbitcoins and bitstamp are both much easier to use, better user experience, and cheaper!)
@_date: 2014-09-13 06:32:27
Coinbase, is very low. They have horrible customer service and will interrogate you via email if you let them..
They will ask you why you want to trade and what you are doing with your coins. They will not offer you instant transactions unless you register with a VISA CREDIT CARD. Thus all orders are held and not closed for several days.
They will cancel your order several days after you make it, if they will lose money on it (because of BTC price going down, in the case of a buy order, because chances are good they paid more for the coins than you are buying them for).
I think Coinbase is run by the most paranoid people I've ever encountered. I understand paranoia, but this just goes too far.. worse than any bank.
I have never received such poor customer service as from Coinbase, and I am glad now that it forced me to find better alternatives. (localbitcoins and bitstamp are both much easier to use, better user experience, and cheaper!)
@_date: 2014-09-13 06:04:40
This letter, and their questions, is very low.
I think Coinbase is run by the most paranoid people I've ever encountered.
I understand paranoia, but this just goes too far.. worse than any bank.
I have never received such poor customer service as from Coinbase, and I am glad now that it forced me to find better alternatives.
(localbitcoins and bitstamp are both much easier to use, better user experience, and cheaper!)