@_author: splidge
@_date: 2016-08-13 21:20:13
I think "easy to lose or steal" is the killer weakness.
Computer security is really hard to get right.  A breach meaning you can irreversibly lose your money just makes it too risky for mass adoption.  The scams are a symptom of this.
@_date: 2016-08-13 22:29:08
OK, but cash itself is becoming increasingly less interesting over time, electronic payments are taking over.  So why is a digital replacement for cash (with the added extra hassle of a fluctuating exchange rate) interesting?  Apart from the obvious buying drugs at a distance, ransomware etc?
@_date: 2017-08-18 21:25:38
6 hours vs 10 minutes per block doesn't matter per se - at a given difficulty a given amount of hash rate will find blocks at the same rate regardless of what the rest of the network is doing.
But if the value tanks because it's impossible to transact then there is no point in mining it any more.
@_date: 2018-06-07 15:18:11
If I accept all of this as face value I can't see a reason that a consumer in a store would pick Bitcoin/lightning over a credit card to make a purchase?  Even if you rarely/never use chargebacks, isn't it nice to know that you can?
@_date: 2018-06-07 14:59:28
Or anyone who can steal your keys.
@_date: 2018-06-12 22:19:59
Right.  Fiat is backed by governments, btc is backed by nothing.
@_date: 2018-06-08 08:28:22
Except both stealing the keys and then the car itself requires the thief to be somewhere in proximity to the car, and take some degree of personal risk to steal it.  Assuming I store my keys on some device with network access (pretty useless otherwise), I’m dependent on the security of that device and all the software running on it at all times.  A momentary breach at any time and a thief sitting anywhere in the world can irrevocably take it in an instant.
@_date: 2018-06-13 22:16:30
But what matters to an individual is that their money retains value and remains accessible.  There are more factors than ‘how many units of the currency exist’ that affect this.
If there was ever a full scale ‘run’ on bitcoin I think it would get extremely ugly.  Limited transaction rates would likely make it extremely hard and/or expensive to transact.  If the value dropped low enough miners would presumably shut down making it even worse.
@_date: 2018-06-13 17:04:21
Math doesn't determine the value of bitcoin relative to other currencies.  People do (by buying or selling it).
If people (collectively) decide that bitcoin is worthless, it will become worthless just as quickly as the Venezuelan currency has.
10,000 bitcoin have famously increased in value from $41 to $60M in 8 years.  It can go back down just as quickly.
@_date: 2018-06-24 21:50:48
I think you need to work on your tone a little, you come across as a little bit condescending.
I understand the comparison you are making.  My point was that, while a fiat currency may have no intrinsic value, it is at least backed by a government, bitcoin doesn't even have that (which is why I've always felt that people throwing the term 'fiat' around as an insult are missing the point).
@_date: 2018-06-24 20:15:47
The literal interpretation suggests that ‘fiat’ requires some authority to decree that a currency is worth something.  Bitcoin doesn’t have this so is arguably not a fiat currency.
@_date: 2018-06-13 13:10:42
It's the "regulatory force" I was referring to.  Governments require citizens to pay taxes in their chosen fiat currency, and in turn invest effort into maintaining that currency and its stability.
The resources used to actually manifest the currency don't constitute "backing", although they do create vested interests (i.e. miners invest a lot to claim the block rewards, so are incentivised to ensure that they retain their value).  But the energy that goes into bitcoin (and the ink and paper that goes into paper currencies) is just overhead.  This is what makes fiat currency "fiat" \- the piece of paper that says '$20' does not have close to $20 of intrinsic value (and neither is it intrinsically exchangable for something else that does).  Bitcoin, being completely ephemeral, has no intrinsic value whatsoever.  At least you could write your shopping list on the $20 if it became valueless...
@_date: 2018-06-13 13:13:11
And you think that can't happen to bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-06-08 08:36:11
Not in the EU, where it’s also illegal to charge extra for using cards.
@_date: 2019-02-05 10:39:21
I agree that the constraint on how much can be spent on regular mining relates to energy costs.  After all, it's pointless to spend more on energy to mine than you receive in rewards (which, incidentally, suggests a real problem if the price crashes down too low, and/or as block rewards phase out and transaction volume moves off-chain).
However, I think for a would-be attacker, assuming sufficiently lucrative target(s) can be found, assembling the required hardware is more of an issue.  Waiting until enough energy has been spent verifying your transaction to be safe is reasonable, but an attacker can amortise the costs over several targets.
With the way things are it's all a bit far fetched - but certainly if and when the global hash rate declines it does make the network more vulnerable to attack.
@_date: 2012-09-29 21:03:50
Something a bit closer to public key encryption would be to imagine that the padlocks are freely available anywhere.  To send the holder of the green key something you can just grab a green padlock, stick it on and send it.
The immediate problem with that (which is shared by the technique demonstrated in the video) is that while you can receive the box and unlock it with the green key that only you have, you can't be sure who sent it to you.
Imagine that the kids are a mite more resourceful and have their own box, some orange padlocks and keys and a couple of black keys.  They receive the box (locked with red lock, with blue key inside).  Instead of passing it on, they stick an orange lock on it and send it back.  Meanwhile, they put a black key in another box, lock it with the other orange lock and send it on instead of the original box.  Eventually the kids end up with the blue key, and the guy who was supposed to receive it gets the black key instead (which the kids also have a copy of).  So now they are in a position to intercept every future communication, modifying it at will and switching from the blue lock to the black lock without the endpoints being any the wiser.
Public key cryptography tackles this problem via signatures, which don't map well onto the padlock analogy (I'll try anyway) - it's like saying everyone has the key that opens the padlock, but only you have the ability to lock it.  So now I can wrap something up, lock it with your public key (using a lock freely available from anywhere that only you can open), and my private key (using a lock only I can lock).  When you get it you can remove your "private" lock (because you have the key) and my "public" lock - and in doing so you can prove to yourself that I locked the box and not someone else.
This now kind of works, but because the keys are just strings of bits you still need a trustable way to map between public keys and who owns them.  This is what certificate authorities (in the TLS world) or the "web of trust" (in the PGP world) are designed to achieve.
@_date: 2019-01-31 18:20:15
No - the security of bitcoin requires the overall, ongoing hash rate to be more than what any attacker could reasonably assemble for the duration of an attack.  However many miners an attacker can bring up for the few hours needed to complete an attack, the rest of the network needs to run 24/7 to protect against it.  The assumption is that if you have the sort of mining resource needed to contemplate this, it's more logical to mine legitimately and collect the rewards than to try an attack.
The relative value of block rewards and electricity must have an effect on that last assumption.  If electricity cost so much that miners dropped out until it was plausible to assemble enough miners to overwhelm the network, it would become vulnerable to attack.  If you are the attacker, you don't really care what the energy costs because you only need it for a short period.  The legitimate network has to use the energy constantly and the reward for doing so has to cover the costs of doing so.
@_date: 2019-01-31 22:31:28
But the rest of the network has to consume that energy 24/7 on the off chance that someone will attack it.
The scenario is simple - I pick a starting block, I submit a transaction spending as much as I fancy onto the normal network, while simultaneously mining an alternate chain from that starting point that doesn’t include that transaction.  Once the victim accepts my transaction (eg by paying out in some other currency), I broadcast the blocks I have mined which will replace the other chain as it is deeper - and the transaction is erased from history.
For the time this takes I must spend more on energy than everyone else combined - but the transaction(s) I get to reverse this way can be as big as I like.  I get to keep the block rewards too but that’s an irrelevant detail - it would hardly be safe to spend them once the attack was discovered (on the other hand the reversed transaction can be disguised by omitted an arbitrary number of other ones too).
@_date: 2011-07-01 12:52:28
No, my theory is that 20+ year old computers are no use for anything.
@_date: 2011-06-20 19:30:08
Exactly.  Maybe I'm a poor candidate because I'm not particularly convinced by any of the ideology arguments.  All the pitfalls of existing fiat currencies look pretty minor in comparison to what's happened with bitcoin in the last few weeks.
I can see how as an online payment system it has the advantage of being accessible to anyone, and not paypal which is seemingly run by a bunch of cunts.  But the wildly fluctuating exchange rates and the seemingly amateur nature of the exchanges makes it even less attractive.
I can't get past the feeling that more people are interested in bitcoin as a get-rich-quick scheme than for any other reason.  And while the proof-of-work concept is interesting, it seems like an incredible waste of energy.
@_date: 2011-07-01 09:57:02
Mining income is scheduled to go to 0 in 2033.  I would guess that no current mining rig is going to be doing *anything* by then.
@_date: 2011-07-05 23:26:33
A transaction fee *might* get you the first confirmation faster.  After that you are at the mercy of miners generating blocks to produce additional confirmations.  No amount of fee will help with that.
@_date: 2011-06-21 09:50:40
How does (say) visa's cut compare to the fees, overheads and spread loss of me converting USD to BTC, paying you in BTC, and then you converting back to USD and withdrawing it?
Also I believe the discussion was about real-world vendors who would otherwise be dealing with cash (although obviously customers may elect to pay by card).  No Amazon/paypal cut at any rate.
@_date: 2011-06-20 17:25:55
I'd be interested to hear how you convinced vendors to sell you stuff for BTC, unless you offered prices way above the prevailing exchange rate.  Putting myself in that position, I just don't see what would convince me to take on the extra risk when you clearly have $LOCAL_CURRENCY which would be easier, cheaper and less risky to deal with.  Unless they are dodging tax or something?
@_date: 2011-06-21 17:16:43
I meant real world as in bricks-and-mortar in person transactions.
I think in recent times it's been possible to lose far more than 5% of USD value on exchange rate fluctuations.
I agree that if it became more stable it might be a sensible option for online transactions.  But then in this case the commission might go up...
@_date: 2011-07-05 13:44:45
Yep, I hate it when all those programs do that.  Just because they all do it doesn't make it right.
@_date: 2011-07-09 22:52:59
Well, it doesn't matter how much data you get, you are either trying to solve for the pool or yourself, you can't do both at the same time.
@_date: 2011-07-06 08:09:13
fantasticsid fleshed out the point I was trying to make very nicely.
The other point is that "immediate" is a relative term - it is effectively random chance when a block gets solved (and thus generates a confirmation), and the network can go a long time without a new block being solved, so even a single confirmation can take a while regardless of transaction fees.
@_date: 2011-06-30 21:32:16
This depends heavily on transaction volume.
It's going to be a large number of years before block bounties go away, I think it will have either worked or not by then.
It would actually serve to even out mining income a bit - if there is a long wait for a block, that block will be worth more to compensate.  And a block solved really quickly will be worth far less.
@_date: 2011-12-01 10:31:43
People do seem to underestimate the significance of this.
That much hashing power would give you a great deal of control.  Firstly, you could adjust your miners so they could ignore blocks from elsewhere and only build up your own block chain.  So whenever anyone else makes a block, eventually yours will outgrow it and theirs will be ignored.
So at this point you have full control over which transactions get accepted and confirmed and which don't.  So you can enforce very high transaction fees.  And you can blacklist people at will.  Take a dislike to MtGox?  You can prevent any of their transactions from ever being accepted (of course they could generate new addresses, but you could freeze out all their current ones).  Or they can buy their way in for a few thousand BTC if you're feeling generous...
@_date: 2011-06-20 19:37:56
And would you like it any other way?
Maybe an echo chamber where everyone could extol the virtues of bitcoin until they are blue in the face would be more useful, I dunno.
@_date: 2011-06-26 19:45:51
If I had &gt;50% of the mining capacity, I'd only ever build off my own blocks (i.e. ignore blocks solved by anyone else).  My block chain would generally be accepted by everyone else most of the time - on average it would grow faster than the "rest of the world" could grow a competing chain.
This means I'd win every block and get all the mining rewards.  I then get to pick and choose which transactions get incorporated, so I could "blacklist" certain coins by not including them in my blocks - they'd never get confirmations.  I could also do things like refusing to accept any transactions at all, or require a hefty transaction fee.  This would make things quite unstable, since other miners would be able to temporarily solve blocks containing those transactions (and hence "confirm" them), but they would be reverted when my block chain got on top again.
For the rest of the network it'd be a tough choice between continuing mining for basically no reward, or trying to increase capacity enough to get control of the block chain back.
I'm not sure that this is consistent with "[not] all that much power over the network".  I can't steal your bitcoins, but I can make them unspendable and hold them to ransom.
@_date: 2017-07-28 07:14:46
Yes - that's what fork means.
The two coins will share the same transaction history until the fork point, after which they will become independent.  So any balance at the fork point will exist in both.