@_author: splitrockcap
@_date: 2018-02-14 03:31:22
Somewhat over simplistic, but in general population (in the U.S.) is growing at 1% a year, and productivity (output per worker) is growing at 2% a year.  Over the past 100 years, the money supply has increased about 6% per year.  3% of that is productivity and population growth.  The remaining 3% is the annual inflation we've seen since 1913.  This money (the 6% annual growth in new money) in sense never has to be paid back.  It just grows with the economy and will likely match nominal GDP growth over the long run.  Nominal GDP is = inflation + productivity + population growth = 6% per year.  This is fairly standard monetary policy, largely implemented by the Federal Reserve.
Debt enters into equation, when the Treasury wants to increase spending. in order to do so, the Treasury issues Treasury bond (debt) which the public buys in exchange for giving federal reserve notes (dollars) to the Treasury.  The Treasury then spends this money on various government services.   it is possible for the Treasury to issue no debt, and simply spend what it takes in in taxes every year.  in practice, the treasury does take on debt by continually issuing bonds.  Right now, the amount of bonds outstanding is about 100% of GDP.  However its been higher in the past (over 120% after WW2, and UK had debt of over 200% of GDP after WW2).  
So that illustrates how debt is increased.  Debt is decreased either 1) by Austerity, when the government runs a budget surplus (tax revenue &gt; govt spending) and pays down the debt or 2) the Fed can also monetize the debt. In this case, no such government austerity is needed from the treasury.  Instead the Fed buys up the Treasury bonds and prints more federal reserve notes to exchange for these bonds.  These Treasury bonds are now held on the Fed's balance sheet. The Fed's balance sheet can get quite large under this method (QE essentially enlarged the Fed's balance sheet from 5% of GDP to 25% of GDP).  Of course, if the Fed continually monetizes the debt like this, inflation is the likely result.   There's no free lunch, but a lot of the time the inflation tax is the main method in which debts are reduced. 
We have a bit more on this in our upcoming annual letter, but hopefully this is a good general outline.
Apologizes for typos and some oversimplifications, just quickly typed this out.
(should also note, that prices under the gold standard (1800-1900) were flat, implying gold supply/gold backed notes increased at 3% a year to match productivity+pop growth.   With bitcoin, the supply is truly fixed, so prices would in theory decline by 3% a year)