@_author: splorng
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:40:41
Try again. Where in the article did the journalist state that the OP was unhappy? If there isn't such a quote, then your statement is false. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 01:15:35
A journalist is not a stenographer.


The journalist's job is not to convey your message to the world.


Mr. Casey did. It is his prerogative.


Did you in fact say that? Then it's an accurate quote.


To you. Apparently not to Mr. Casey. His byline, his call what's important.


Nobody owes you any fidelity. The journalist asked questions, you spoke for 20 minutes, and the journalist gets to decide what to take away from that, not you.


Apparently Mr. Casey does.


Says you.


Your "open letter" drips of entitlement. A free press is a cornerstone of society. A journalist's duty is to report the story as he or she sees it, not to transcribe and report somebody's message based on that person's idea of his or her importance to the world. Was the story factually inaccurate? That's a legitimate complaint. Do you disagree with the reporter's conclusions? Then go out and prove him wrong. You don't get to complain that a reporter used your quote for his own purposes. That's what reporters do. The Wall Street Journal is not your bitch. Neither is anybody else. The sooner you learn that , the happier you'll be.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:07:45
I used to think Bitcoin was an awesome-sounding idea that just might upset the global finance sector and good riddance. This thread makes me think it's just a circle-jerk kool-aid cult. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:49:32


This is undeniable. The OP seems to think that this constitutes a breach of trust or something. That's the part where he's wrong.


This is possible. It has not been demonstrated.
To be clear, I know nothing about the OP. The entire argument here, that the OP's opinion was omitted from the story and that that represents malpractice in journalism, rests on the assumption that the OP is a generally recognized authority figure on the topic of Bitcoin, such that any opinion of his is automatically news. If this is the case, please demonstrate it. The OP certainly isn't the one who gets to make the definitive call on his own qualification as an authority.


Seriously? The voice of reason? After reading the OP's rant, this phrase makes me giggle. At best, the OP is a knowledgable pro-Bitcoind partisan.


Oh snap, I just got to this. Yes, thank you for being decent.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:05:59
But the OP wasn't complaining that the article sucked; rather, that the journalist didn't repeat his entire rant in the story. The journalist wasn't obligated to do so. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:13:05


Are you saying that this did not in fact happen?


Maybe, maybe not. That's your conclusion, not the reporter's. "Give up" is a pretty neutral phrase for "accepting that you've lost money." If the OP did in fact give up on the bitcoins then it's accurate reporting.
The reporter gets to decide what tone to use in his reporting. You don't like it? Fine, go write your own damn article. That's how things work in objective reality. The objective reality is that nobody here has quoted the reporter saying anything dishonest. The objective reality is that no reporter owes it to his subject to portray him or her in a positive light, or to share the subject's opinions about the topic being written about. If you want news that isn't biased towards Wall Street, then don't read the Wall Street Journal.
Wake me when you find an actual case of false reporting.
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:05:42
Are you seriously surprised that the Wall Street Journal is presenting the POV of Wall Street? What else did you expect it to do?
And surely you're not suggesting that nowhere in the 20 minute interview did the OP present any opinions that might have shown any bias? If you or he disagree with this reporter's conclusions, rather than acting all betrayed that the Wall Street Journal do what is says right on the label, then why not go write your own damn article? I'd read it.
@_date: 2014-02-27 17:15:36
Where in the article did the journalist "convey the impression" that the OP was unhappy? I didn't see anything in the quoted material that seemed to indicate anything about the OP's emotions or opinions one way or the other. Show me this quote from the article that you're complaining about.
Basically, as I read it, the OP is enraged that the journalist did not quote any of the opinions he shared during the interview, and simply quoted him briefly on one matter of fact. That in itself does not constitute bad journalism. If there is something in the article that is actually misleading about the OP, rather than simply the absence to serve as PR for the OP, please show it.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:24:18
I did. Nothing there confirms what you said. 
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:09:36
Did he? Do you have a quote?
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:25:57


When it was founded. You misunderstand the title. You won't catch me defending the Wall Street Journal as an unbiased publication. I don't give a shit what it thinks about stuff.


You know, this is the first decent nugget of argument I've encountered so far in this thread. If the argument is that the WSJ is biased towards Wall Street, then I absolutely agree. 
But that's not the original complaint. My reading of the OP's rant at the top was that he felt that the report was not merely biased, but that the reporter misrepresented the words of the OP. The OP thinks that the reporter owes it to the OP to faithfully represent everything the OP said in the article. There is no such obligation. In fact, I'm far from convinced that the OP's opinion about anything constitutes news worth reporting.
If a weather reporter asked you about the weather and you said, "It rained today. And I'm thrilled about it because it's great for the crops!" And halfway through the article reporting the weather it says, "Area resident CanadianDissident said, 'It rained today.'" Leaving out your offered opinion. That's not bad journalism, that's just editing.