@_author: splop
@_date: 2014-03-30 20:26:51
I know that you're just being funny with this comment (at least I hope so) so don't take this as a bash...  just thought I'd bring it up since your comment sparked a thought of my own. I've seen a lot of people do the "arrow pointing to the right column" thing, or saying to look in the right column. That can be even more confusing to a noob, of both bitcoin and reddit if they aren't on a computer. Many mobile versions of reddit don't have that column. So a response telling someone to look at the right column for more info doesn't help out. Tossing them a direct link would be much more useful.
That is all... carry on :)
@_date: 2014-03-30 21:12:37
I get ya :) only reason I even thought to post my last reply is because I was using Alien Blue (mobile version of reddit) when I read your comment and thought to myself "if I was a noob and reading this on my iphone, I'd have no clue what you were talking about). Since Alien Blue doesn't have the same layout to the pages that the "normal" computer version does, there is no right column for that arrow to point to. Since this thread is about helping noobs... I figured I'd bring it up.
@_date: 2014-03-30 16:31:55
It is amazing how the doge folk are so much more accepting to newcomers and willing to take the time and effort to "mentor" (if you will) others... not to mention the tipping :) I'm interested in both coins, so I see the both sides... the contrast between the dogecoin and bitcoin reddit community is like night and day. A lot of the comments on do come across as very self-centered and unwelcoming. I wish that wasn't the case though. Even though I am into both, I do find myself on the doge sub more often because the energy always seems positive and they don't go out of their way to make you feel stupid if you ask a question... instead of just answering it /:)
@_date: 2014-03-30 14:02:17
It makes me smile when I read a simple question and then see someone that knows what they're talking about take the time to explain it to them. I try to do the same. I know that when I was first starting I didn't have a clue, and reading the negative press (which up to this point is unavoidable) made me question just about everything... like what is true and what isn't. There are so many variables to every aspect of this new tech. Luckily, I had a few people take some time and explain just some bits about this crazy new technology. It is very overwhelming to noobs. I think some veterans do kinda forget how overwhelming (and exciting) it is when you've first discovered it. On the other hand, I guess it has to be in your blood to want to teach :). Not everybody cares to take the time to pass along personal knowledge. 