@_author: spoondogg
@_date: 2013-06-04 00:59:17
They are asking for payment now. I received the email below today. 
 Hi everyone, it’s time for another newsletter from us. Today we will cover:
Online video demo of Mars
The future of Mars
More specifications of Jupiter and Saturn
Our little lottery giveaway
Order book opening
 
Online video demo of Mars 
We made a promise to you all not to take any payment of any device until we could show you a working prototype, well today it’s finally here. Our developers have been working almost round the clock to get this box hashing as fast as possible, we said Mars would hash at 6 GH/s and in the video you can see exactly how fast we managed to make it go.
The Mars prototype is as the name suggests, a prototype. As you can see it doesn’t even have a case yet. The performance of our device is, and always will be, more important to us than the look. We know it won’t win any design awards but we are engineering for speed first and foremost. Please have a look at the video which can be found here. 
 
 
The Future of Mars
Even with the new improvements of the Mars device it still has a few issues. It’s not anywhere near as efficient as Jupiter or Saturn in terms of $’s per Hash and it will really only mine Bitcoins. To sum up, we don’t think with the difficulty increasing at the current rate it’s good value for money and if it’s not good for you it’s not good for us. We will let our competitors sell devices with this kind of speed so we can concentrate on the ground breaking devices.
We know a lot of people have ordered the device simply to gain a queue placement for Jupiter and quite a few people have asked us not to send them the device but to charge them and just allow them to use the queue placement.
So given all of the above we have decided that we will remove Mars in its current form from sale.
That leaves a few questions I’m sure. So let me try to alleviate your worries, anyone who has a registration for the Mars device will be able to use that queue placement for either a Jupiter or a Saturn, simply order one of those in the our shop with the same email address you registered your Mars device against and we will do the rest.
Then there are the people who wanted the Mars device to mine other types of coins, what we will do is produce a new device based on the Mars type setup (with a case). It will be announced fully in the next few months but I can tell a few things today. We will target this new device against all the currencies we can. Not just litecoin, namecoin etc but also many others. The new FPGA based device will then have a much longer life expectancy and produce a much better ROI than Mars ever could. We will also be making updates available to the firmware if and when new types of coins come out.
Removing Mars from sale will also free up some of our internal resources enabling them to work on Jupiter and Saturn and hopefully bring the delivery of those devices forward.
 
Order books now open for payment 
The order books are now open for the first time allowing full ordering and payment of the Jupiter and Saturn devices. Everyone already has their place in the queue so we are giving everyone 7 days to pay and maintain that place. If there are any technical issues with our website or payment portals over the next 7 days we will of course increase this period accordingly.  Once the 7 days are over we will provide everyone with their final shipping queue placement. We are able to ship hundreds of devices a week using the agreements we have in place with the factories so we still expect to be able to serve the vast majority of customers in September. Unlike others in this industry we will not be doing the assembly in house it will be done at the same professional assembly lines which ORSoC have been using for years.
visit  for more info
Our little lottery giveaway
for those of you who are able to pay in the first 48 hours starting from now. we will enter your email address into a lottery. After 48 hours we will randomly select three queue numbers, the first name chosen will get a free Jupiter and Saturn, the second will get a free Jupiter and the third will get a free Saturn.
We will then contact you and ask if we can make your name and country/state public on our site. We will add the devices to your account and ship them free of charge to you along with your order.
 
 
 
Hosting 
We will also be offering tailored hosting of our own devices. Hosting packages offered will be specially made for each hosting customer. Please contact us at info for more information about hosting.
Some benefits of hosting:
 
 No costs for shipping/import taxes
 All costs included no hidden extra management fees
 Your hardware will be monitored 24/7 by our staff
 Your box will hash for you on day one
95% uptime guarantee
For those of you interested in hosting please choose Stockholm pickup as the shipping method
We will release final costs soon and if you want to use our hosting that’s fine, if you want to then have the box shipped you can simply pay for the shipping and we will ship your box instead.
What’s next?           
What we will do over the next few weeks is provide more news on our Website/Facebook page and our Twitter feed. We will send out regular newsletters and keep the news section of our site up to date with all development.
If you have any questions or comments feel free to email us at info 
@_date: 2013-08-05 04:34:50
I paid with a credit card through Paypal and canceled last week. I tried to contact BFL through email and didn't get a response. I then just disputed the charge through Paypal. I disputed because I didn't receive the product. Paypal reached out to BFL asking for a shipping number. The BFL agent just wrote "products are not shipping" in the requested tracking number. I called Paypal and was promptly issued a refund. From what it sounded like from the Paypal agent, BFL is not on their good side. 