@_author: sprenten
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:31:14
His comic book is full of blank pages. It's not even funny.
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:36:50
I used myself as an example, because I am self employed and I know my billable rate.  Those things are real.  The assertion that average self-employed income is relevant is a falsehood for two reasons.  You lose billable time to administrative time if you lose your email and everything that goes with it and it takes time to get those back and that is time which can't be spent as a billable hour.  You also don't understand how self-employed income is calculated, because income does not equal revenue and we discussing revenue and cash flow here not income.
@_date: 2014-02-27 16:18:22
If you lose all your correspondence, documents, links, and ability to communicate efficiently asynchronously as email allows you to do and spend your time trying to rebuild that as well as making sure your contacts can contact you at your new address and help you rebuild the conversations and documents you had relating to current and future businesses and projects.  You are going to be losing a significant amount of billable time to administrative time.  Your argument is outright stupidity to begin with.
@_date: 2014-02-21 03:01:10
Are you dense?  Chase is hoping for a complete failure of the Cryptos so they can implement their own based on the cryptos and acquire the patent rights.
@_date: 2014-02-15 05:36:00
I love seeing this.  The best way for cryptos to survive is by the open source movement destroying the ability to make an infrastructure as robust as the current ones used by the financial sector or perhaps even anti-fragile going beyond the capabilities of the financial sector.  There is no way the central planning structure of the banks and financial sector can keep pace with a solid open source movement in the crypto movement.  Consolidating forks is not always good, but collaboration is. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 15:44:43
Here's the problem, not everyone ignored the parts where most of us think he was spot on in the report which was rare and in those rare instances he was lacking of competent understanding of abstract concepts of cryptocurrencies.  Competent analysis requires competent understanding, he points out Bitcoin is lacking the intermediary systems necessary to make it a successful competitor without understanding it is a lot easier to build and develop the intermediary systems infrastructure for cryptocurrencies than it is for the current fiat banking systems worldwide.  He fails to point out what some in the bitcoin community fail to understand as well, Bitcoin's relation to the USD is meaningless in the long run and doesn't matter. If the Bitcoin community is not using Bitcoins mainly to re-invest in that infrastructure then Bitcoin will fail.  Bitcoin value to fiat currency is only needed for those who build mining equipment exclusively and need to use fiat currencies to source, develop, build, and ship final products for the mining community to mine with.  
@_date: 2014-02-22 09:29:55
A couple of things, there is nothing preventing a exchange from having to hold any funds or running a fractional reserve.  Every exchange out there is acting like the current Fiat Bank/Forex model.  Bitcoin and other cryptos allow for the reversal of that model.  The survival of Bitcoin is going to rely on implementing  more broker models in exchange and payment services of the software design that decouple local storage on the exchanges servers.  Miners and mining pools should be building out such processes as they are the ones who need to transact coins for cash to keep their infrastructure growing.  
@_date: 2014-02-13 06:07:53
We don't agree. Normand may be a bright light in a closed closet, but he's dim to those things outside of the closet.  He's compelled about the idea, but can't quite grasp those ideas.  His analysis is not solid since notable economists and history have shown that currency/money doesn't need governmental backing to exist or even be relevant.  The problems hurting bitcoin currently are tying its success to its valuation of fiat currencies when it really needs a better infrastructure to support its validity as a currency via increased transactions for goods and services.  
@_date: 2014-02-28 04:07:48
This is ridiculous.  My rate is $75 per hour and an average workday is supposed to consist of 8 hours.  8 * $75 = $600, so of course I magically pulled that out of my butt.  Again does this mean I pocket $600/day?  No!!!  If I could bill each of those hours then YES!!!  I have to spend about 1 hour per day reading and responding to emails, some days I have no billable work, but I am actively seeking new clients and projects and on the phone and through email.  Those are administrative hours which I can't bill and don't collect revenue, but if I don't do them I will find it hard to invoice and have reflect a positive balance sheet.  If all of the sudden I lose email and I have to rebuild all that I can which was lost in non-billable administrative hours for a month which is roughly the time it would take to get back to functioning within normal parameters.  I would lose the expectation of $600 per day I currently have, does that mean I get $600 per day?  No!  Can that expectation be higher?  Yes, I have pulled 18-20 billable hour shifts before for emergency situations.  As a self-employed individual I have no set hours or limits on the number of hours I can work consecutively in the industry I work in.  Sometimes, I get phone calls at 0300 hours, drive two hours to do a 1 hour job with a 2 hour return trip, all of which I can bill to my client (5, if you were counting or $375 is my clients cost).  The only kid here is you.  Not understanding that time is revenue and revenue is time when you are self-employed and you don't get revenue unless you can communicate effectively with clients which these days requires emails, tons of contacts, and tons of document storage.  I use gmail for all of those.  I back up my account locally from time to time, but I don't do it everyday as it is time consuming.  So yes, wasting my time rebuilding my old email structure if lost completely would cost me about 30 days of average work time at my billable rate.  Hence 8 * 75 * 30.  That's a cost, yes it is an estimate, but it is close enough in approximation that yeah it would hurt.  You know how I know it does, because that's how much it costs my clients when I have to rebuild their information systems from scratch after a crash or failure.  Cost is the easiest thing to measure, but most people never measure it because they don't want to believe the measurement or understand their exposure.   
@_date: 2014-02-27 07:41:57
Actually losing the ability to email is worth at least $600/per day to a self employed individual.  So if they lost email it would take about 30 days to rebuild their contacts and ensure they received the new email address and were using that new email address would be like each self employed person using a service like Gmail and losing it to each person who owned 30 BTC's.  How many self-employed people use gmail?  I am one.  I would venture to guess it is around at least 100,000 people.  3 million x 600 is roughly the same equivalence in lost revenue that occurred at Gox.  That's without factoring in small and medium sized businesses or enterprises.  
@_date: 2014-02-12 19:59:14
The same day I posted a position about how Bitcoin has great potential as a reserve currency and this Chase's report comes out.  Normand is an idiot and I approve of CTRL_ALT_DLTE's post.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:20:52
I said worth, so I need to rephrase slightly. The cost of losing a service is worth $600/per day in lost billable hours if I am to rebuild it.  That is no different than losing bitcoins, real dollars, etc... The cost of losing something is that is cannot gain that something back.  You get a new email, new bitcoin, new dollars, but you can't replace what you had entirely.  As time wears on it's significance is lessened, but what happened is very real.
So yes, one could opt to choose not to try and rebuild his email communication network like they had before, but the revenue potential is lessened or one can attempt to rebuild it knowing the cost of doing so will be offset by keeping revenue potential almost as high as before during that time.  The latter is attempt to keep customers and keep them happy, the former hopes customers stay and stay happy but has zero cost which is hard to do if most of your information is now gone.   
        
@_date: 2014-02-28 14:56:41
No, you claimed I pulled figures from thin air.  If gmail went down, just the cost to self-employed individuals would be greater than the loss of bitcoins in the mt. gox case in total.  That wasn't factoring other businesses or its effect on consumers.  I wasn't making a claim, I made an estimate of cost which is apparently something you cannot do or comprehend.  You sir are a concrete person with no ability for critical thought or the ability to abstract.  If gmail went down and disappeared it would be worse than Gox from any reasonable cost estimate.
@_date: 2014-02-22 01:51:09
Running a hardened exchange is not very hard and its best to limit your exposure and the exposure of your clients.  FOREX model has it's weaknesses, but reversing the client-server model used by exchanges is the best alternative.  The exchange is the client with many servers who are the clients.  Building that type of exchange will get people excited.
@_date: 2014-02-21 02:58:22
Gox surviving doesn't make bitcoin, it probably breaks it. If people don't get their bitcoins, it is a problem for those people.  It's not about losing money but about losing bitcoins.  If you invested money to buy bitcoin so you could sell it high you were mostly doomed for failure anyways.  The point of bitcoin is a transaction medium.  
@_date: 2014-02-13 18:51:54
I think you are possibly cherry picking bullish comments from an otherwise pretty intense negative review of Bitcoin and it's community as a whole.  Banker or not, Concrete people can only deal in concrete terms and not the abstraction.  If he is smarter than that then he is playing people as fools.  The fools in this case would be the people who have no interest or who his bank needs to have no interest in Bitcoin's ability to survive.  The intended audience is not us, it is other banks, the federal reserve, finance people, and most importantly regulators and government officials.
@_date: 2014-02-13 04:57:41
You guys are dense, all money/currency is virtual.  Normand doesn't understand abstract concepts inherent in cryptocurrencies, he only understands concrete real world applications and not potential ones which can arise from using cryptocurrencies.  He also assumes a nation/state needs to back a currency for it to have relevance, when it really only needs two parties to agree it has relevance and value as a transaction medium.  