@_author: sprintercourse
@_date: 2015-06-03 08:19:44
Worked for google briefly and the corporate atmosphere there isn't really much different than anywhere else. I totally believe this is possible. 
@_date: 2014-11-07 19:21:36
Being a gringo and sleeping on the side of the road is where you went wrong. Its not hard to find a room. If you speak spanish you can ask just about anyone and they will happily rent you a secure place for the night just a few bucks, often with dinner included.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:33:28
I understand that reservation. The person in question was a redditor who frequented r/bitcoin. I don't want to violate reddit's personal info policies, so it becomes a matter of trust. You aren't obligated to provide any information which may assist this process. 
I have some concerns about providing any more of his personal information to someone who knows more than I do about the process, in the fear that they will utilize this opportunity to swoop in and wipe his accounts before they can be turned over to his family. 
I've debated posting this message on reddit for awhile, but since I hit wall, I'm not quite sure where else to turn.
@_date: 2015-01-29 15:36:52
Yeah, this was my assumption. It feels so awkward to go through my friend's personal files. It makes me feel like a voyeur. 
He was pretty diligent about storing logins and passwords, but when it comes to the wallet backups I'm not sure what is what.
I knew the guy for 18 years, and considered him a brother. We spoke about bitcoin regularly and this was something I never expected I would have to do. If only he had taken the foresight to transfer his coins to his girlfriend or someone else he trusted first...traditional bank accounts are easy enough to recover, bitcoins are another monster altogether.
@_date: 2019-08-28 13:46:45
TIL losing the popular vote by millions and winning the electoral college by a combined 80,000 in three states = “soundly beaten” and “steamrolled.”
@_date: 2013-04-26 14:32:16
Kreuzburg is a really cool part of Berlin. Very progressive and filed with students and second generation immigrants. Nearly every wall is covered with quality street art and kick ass graffiti. Interesting niche bars and art galleries are tucked into old storefronts and everyone rides a bicycle.
In short: hipster paradise.
No surprise bitcoin has found a home here.
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:41:10
Coins are up $600 in two months and the ones which I didn't lose playing poker appreciated nicely. My bank account is empty right now but my wallet has a little jingle left in it. I used gyft yesterday to instantly buy something I needed on Amazon and a fandango gift card to take my gf to a movie, it worked perfectly. How is that not a useful service for spending coins without waiting to withdraw from an exchange?
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:20:31
I agree with you 100%. The more people jumping into to btc as a speculative trading vehicle the less stable it makes the currency. The less stable the currency the less likely vendors and consumers are to substitute it as their medium for transaction. 
Btc is a revolutionary technology that has enormous potential to level the financial playing field for all, but if the bankers, speculators and day traders have their way they will manipulate the price to their advantage which will irrevocably harm the end user and make btc a side note to the existing currency system we have today.
I am concerned by the amount of glee and hype I'm seeing on this sub regarding price. I have spent a lot of time studying the financial industry (and have a degree in economics) and I think there is a great deal of naivete among many (not all) members of this forum about the impact of rampant speculation on the value of a good, or security. Granted, btc is neither of those, technically, but the reaction of the market remains similar.
Volatility of that magnitude makes it impossible to determine a real value. People posting that they just made a million dollars in btc are missing the point that they have made nothing until they redeem those coins for a good or service or sell them for dollars again. With a weak infrastructure in place for withdrawals of fiat from the btc exchanges and a still very small economy in which to spend coins organically, those millions are nothing but numbers on a page. I can put $10000 dollars in a currency trading account and leverage it up to a million, my account balance looks pretty but I can only use it to trade and nothing else...that is where bitcoins are at these very high, volatile prices. 
I am a believer in this technology, I want it to succeed and i own some btc. But I agree with the poster, seeing this chart, on cnbc, well bring in the exactly wrong kind of attention for the mid term health of the currency. We saw what Goldman Sachs, Jp Morgan, Citigroup, et al did to the global economy with rampant speculation on derivatives, commodities, real estate, muni bonds, treasuries and practically everything else. If they think they can profit from this, then they will do everything their incredibly deep pockets can handle to do so...and they will do it at OUR expense.