@_author: sputty01
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:26:01
If the blocksize was increased to 32mb. 32Mb would be added to the blockchain every ~10 minutes, 2.3GB each day and 839GB each year.
The first major issue is that every node on the network would have to have a connection capable of uploading and downloading these 32mb blocks faster than the next block is produced. This is required to ensure consensus and prevent orphaned blocks which can make transactions less trustworthy and take longer to validate. Also remember that although blocks usually take around 10 minutes, its not unusual for 3/4 blocks to be created within the same time span due to standard variance. The other issue is that it becomes more difficult to add new nodes in future, at 32mb the initial setup of a node would require a 4TB download &amp; 4TB of available disk space 
within 5 years. It's unlikely that a large number of the current ~10000 nodes on the network would be able to handle this.
Usenet is a great example of what happens when the storage/bandwidth requirements of a supposedly 'decentralized' system are increased. As soon as binary uploads became popular on the network, the requirements increased and as a consequence  the number of available nodes went from hundreds to only 3/4. The remaining nodes are now very heavily regulated, harassed and bullied into complying with not only the laws of the country where they are physically located, but also the laws of the US (as the US will deport administrators of services who mearly provide data to US citizens). 
With regards to segwit2x, it is quite likely that this proposal would have gone ahead as the response to the initial compromise was quite positive. However (and despite the agreement) the segment of the community which was fighting for these bigger blocks decided to 
fork off BCH. They did this after the agreement was made and before it's activation. This was a big middle finger to those of us who support off chain scaling mechanisms such as lightning. It's true that these solutions will take longer to implement, but they provide almost infinite scaling possibilities with a huge decrease to the risk of centralization. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:27:15
Anyone who hasn't yet figured out that this is due to seized funds need to look a little closer into all of this. Yes they probably lost a small number (relatively speaking) during the tx malleability attacks, but there is no way it went un-noticed for so long.
At some point some government (Japan or the USA) will have linked silk road transactions to Gox. They most likely demanded certain balances stay where they are, even if mark does have access its unlikely he would be able to move them without lining himself up for a nice quick extradition or being slung in a jail to rot.
-Mark says the funds are unavailable (not stolen) 
-Large amounts linked to gox havent been moved for years (which makes it unlikely they were stolen or withdrawn) 
-There are conflicting figures which we know aren't correct coming from investors (mark is gagged and cant even tell the truth to them) 
-They are in bankruptcy protection (which wouldn't have been granted unless there was possibility of recovering) 
-The keys were said to be kept in 3 locations, it is very unlikely they were lost... even a bumbling idiot wouldn't keep one copy.
We KNOW the documents being leaked aren't correct, the blockchain doesn't lie. 
We KNOW the courts saw reason to grant protection. 
We KNOW Gox hasn't been transparent for a long time.
All the behaviours Mark and Gox have been showing for a long time point to this being the most likely reason. The guy might be a geek who reads comics and plays trading card games but he certainly isn't stupid... imagine how any one of us would act in the same situation. I know i would be torn up inside with emotions and i'm sure i would be looking and feeling exactly like he is right now. If this is true then my thoughts really go out to the guy, i can't imagine a more mentally draining position to be in.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:14:53
Yeah, apologies for the senseless rant, my emotions are riding quite high about this at the moment. Some very interesting evidence supporting the theory in that thread.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:41:45
Not at all, going in to bankruptcy protection is yet another sign there's a good reason to protect the company from individual law suits. While it's impossible to prove at the moment its by far the best explanation I've seen, all the dots connect up perfectly. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:37:30
Thanks for the heads up, usually just lurk on here.
@_date: 2017-08-01 16:54:53
Any one else having problems depositing regular BTC into Kraken? I transferred 5BTC over a few blocks after the split but its still not showing up despite having 15+ confirms. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 12:21:05
Agreed! It might not be popular to suggest something other than hodling on here but i think the dip is inevitable and there's money to be made if played correctly. 