@_author: sq1tv
@_date: 2014-04-09 20:28:09
you are 100% right. The free speech perspective is by far the most important aspect of Bitcoin for me.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:24:45
but if your view is the govt prints money arbitrarily, what difference does it make? Bank runs are bad when the dollar is backed by gold.
Disneyworld can never run out of Disney Dollars.
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:09:39
I deleted that. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 14:27:32
no, it doesn't. I can loan you 10 billion Yen. I can stipulate contractually that you owe me 10 billion Yen. You can't settle the contract by giving me dollars worth 10 billion Yen. You would be breaching the contract. You can borrow or make loans in any currency you want. Call up JP Morgan tomorrow and tell them you'd like to loan out 10 billion Yen under US law. They can make it happen.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:19:45
dude, writing is on the wall. every major VC and VC-backed entity wants it. They want it to go mainstream. This means regulation.
by the way, total respect for Erik Voorhees. He is an OG. He is very steadfast in his beliefs. But his is a lone voice. 
The establishment is trying to take it over.
@_date: 2014-03-30 23:23:09
the price is based on optionality at the moment. The cumulative value of Bitcoins is worth $6 billion or so dollars at $450. Bitcoin is a communication protocol, which means the more people that use it the more valuable the protocol becomes due to network effects. 
3 out of 4 of Facebook board members have invested in Bitcoin companies at the series A level (Peter Thiel of Founder's Fund in Bitpay; Marc Andresen of AH in Coinbase; Jim Breyer of Accel Partners in Circle Financial.) Fred Wilson is also a big Bitcoin investor. This is a pretty substantial commitment from top-tier Valley investors to build out companies and the infrastructure in Bitcoin. Likely $100 million+ will follow in Series Bs and from other VC firms pursuing series As. The reason Benchmark, Accel, Lightspeed, Union Square are investing is that there is some potential in Bitcoin being used as the communication protocol for  micro-payments, foreign remittance, payment gateways, etc.
In 5 years, what is the chance of Bitcoin being used widely in one of these use cases such as foreign remittance, micro-payments, or as a payment gateway? If you believe that it is 10% likelihood, what would the daily volume of BTC transactions look like? What would the total dollar value of Bitcoin need to be to support such a volume of transactions?
Let's say all micro-transactions of sub-penny for gaming applications are entirely done in Bitcoin, what would the entire float of Bitcoin be worth in USD terms?
(WhatsApp sold for $19 billion. This was not based on cashflow, but valued on potential. $6 billion in total valuation for Bitcoin today is not that big of a deal. Twice the value of SnapChat's $3 billion offer....all online things look wildly speculative until its not.)
If you think that there is a 10% chance of Bitcoin becoming the dominant worldwide protocol for micro-transactions in gaming alone, the total value of Bitcoins could plausibly be worth in the 10s of billions of dollars.
If this is too abstract, how would you have valued the domains Food.com, Toys.com, or Jets.com in 1994? You couldn't use discounted cashflow because you couldn't have predicted the adoption of the naming convention so precisely. Why is food.com worth more than food.net...one has no more intrinsic value than the other. Dot-com just happened to get a share of the consumer's mind...better than .net did...and this gives dot-coms more value. Real-world use will dictate the ultimate value. 
The bet is on future adoption of the Bitcoin protocol for some use case. If it finds a use, any use, it is going to be worth more than $6 billion in total. If the protocol is not adopted widely, it will be worth zero.
The closest analog is domain names in 1994. There was no real world use as yet. E-commerce was in an embryonic state. Yet, nobody would have been a fool for buying Food.com for $500 from a person that registered the name for free in 1993.
1) Probability of Bitcoin future use case, 2) magnitude of volume of BTC transactions in such a use case, 3) demand for Bitcoins to be used in circulation to lubricate transactions in such a use case. 
Some small incremental % of every transaction in the aggregate, whether directly or indirectly, is the cash-flow value of each Bitcoin accruing to the holders via either price appreciation or some other way. Each transaction will have some carrying cost associated with it; this is the basis for future value of each Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:06:34
"Permanent economic exploitation is far worse than war." Lol. Unless you're the one dying from bullets. There is no illusion. 100 million+ died during the 2 world wars. You people do believe in numbers, don't you. Less people have died from war in the past 65 years than in the 65 years before it. And relatively, very few have died in the past 30. Just give me death tolls - a number - not a narrative. More is greater than less in your world, numerically, isn't it?
but here's a narrative...
how believable is this story: A selfless person that has no desire for money, fame, glory, or power invents a virtual currency...it skyrockets....he is close to a billionaire....yet not a peep...no money spent from his original stash...no attempt to claim any power or credit...all this selflessness to help Libertarians pursue their self-interest and wealth? I have never heard of anyone whose net worth increases by close to a billion dollars that has not spent a little along the way..no cars....no jet...no houses...no recognition. Yet, you expect people to believe in this mythology without any cynicism. 
My view: Satoshi is a working group at the CIA or some other US intelligence operation. Who else could care less that what they created is worth $10 billion to date of which they have $1 billion...no private actor...who would benefit the most already...being able to fund dissident groups in countries where operatives are having problems moving cash...secretly fund rebel groups...how is Bitcoin so buoyant no matter what from a price level...Silk Road shutdown...no problem..China ban...no problem...Russia news...no problem....malleable transaction IDs...no problem....some major actor is providing price support...
In my view, 25-40% chance that Bitcoin = US Government...Satoshi is a working group at some agency in the govt.
Look at every US western ally...Japan, Germany, France...no one is taking action against BTC....Russia, China, India...very wary...what does that tell you. Mt Gox is operating in Japan without any intervention.
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:29:48
I believe Erik Voorhees to be very ideologically consistent on this issue. He would not welcome government intervention under any circumstance. He would NOT welcome a bailout from the Japanese or any government even if meant a return of his 500+ Bitcoins. I know that. Neither would you. I would bet he would give up everything he owns if it means a manifestation of what he believes would be a better system. I really do. And I admire it.
But 80-90% would sell your ideology out in a heartbeat. They are in it for the money.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:40:08
thank you. I used to own a poker magazine; this is not the rambling of some prude. And I think very highly of Erik Voorhees. There are real issues that need to be addressed.
@_date: 2014-03-01 14:11:13
you think accepting this "hidden" cost when it is passed down to customers is somehow much more than if mom-and-pop had to do due-diligence on bank balance sheets and verify the mark-to-market prices on the loans held by the bank?
Do you think most people would be better off determining the safety of banks and exchanges themselves? Is that what the heist of 7% of all Bitcoins outstanding has shown you?
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:39:31
Perhaps. Or people through multiple generations experienced the consequences and have developed safeguards that we find suffocating. Like Glass-Steagall during the depression which was dismantled in the late 90s. Then we learn the same lessons again.
People cannot judge how trust should be properly bestowed on complex issues all the time. I have maybe 2 areas where I can competently conduct due-diligence...."circle of competence" if you will.
Increasing the "buyer beware" nature of commerce is not going to increase transaction levels or economic activity. 
 
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:37:32
valid point.
but I was an immigrant to this country back in 84. My move here was voluntary as well. 
Is that not a free market transaction to you?
I would bet 1.5 billion people on this planet would give up the last 10 years of their life in exchange for a US passport. Maybe even 2 billion.
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:44:06
I did not blame ignorance. My point was and is that even when the news is bad for long periods, most people stay put. The market, which is people making decisions, do not react as you would expect. 
You are the exception, not the rule. Otherwise, 7% of all BTC outstanding would not have been heisted. This is fine if you have limited ambition for Bitcoin.
If you think Bitcoin can be alternative system to fiat currencies worldwide and will be the protocol for money on the Internet, thefts of 7% of all outstanding currency units is not something that you can dismiss as the vagaries of the market.
@_date: 2014-03-26 19:21:40
I'm surprised why the Bitcoin movement is willing to have its voice suppressed and slowly sidelined. The fringe politics, the ability to circumvent rules is the most interesting/intriguing aspect. Honestly, I couldn't care less about a more efficient payment protocol...it will benefit people...of course, but the passion stems from the politics, not the protocol. Efficiency is boring as a story. Just like a more efficient programming language is boring to most people.
In my view, the Bitcoin movement is staying mute as VCs and VC-backed companies move in because it seems like good news....that Bitcoin is getting legitimacy. But in reality, it appears as if the establishment is taking over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-08 18:32:38
if I loan you a Porsche 911...can you return with some cash instead let's say equal to a brand new Porsche...and just say, yo bro, you must accept it? The answer is no. I do not have to accept the cash. I lent you the Porsche. You owe me the Porsche.
The transaction is denominated in Porsche.  You are legally obligated to return the asset in the form you borrowed it in unless specified in the contract.
@_date: 2014-02-28 17:44:16
most bitcoiners primarily care about the money.
@_date: 2014-03-01 16:26:54
my point was that Bitcoiners only hate government when it comes to the paying for it part, not the getting something for nothing part. 
Erik Voorhees is very ideologically consistent. He would not welcome government intervention under any circumstance. He would NOT welcome a bailout from the Japanese government even if meant a return of his 500+ Bitcoins. 
But 90% of the Bitcoiners could care less about ideology if it means return of their money.
What percentage would welcome the services of the CIA or NSA in tracking down who stole the 850k worth of Bitcoins? I'm not sure, but would welcome a guess.
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:00:27
maybe. but the network effects that Bitcoin has enjoyed to date is the result of dudes wanting to get rich quick. 95% of people owning Bitcoin would rather Bitcoin go to $100,000 than become a widespread protocol like SMTP if this meant the value of BTC = $100. So Bitcoin purists can't have it both ways. 
There is no utility for most people with BTC at the moment. Most Bitcoiners don't send foreign payments frequently. There is limited micro-transaction use. A few retailers are getting a marketing push accepting BTC. As such, Bitcoin's allure is price appreciation. If getting richer in USD terms wasn't a central feature at the moment, you can forget about widespread adoption.
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:43:25
If the charity's purpose was promoting the business of deregulated energy or natural gas, and the lead energy scientist of the entire industry was paid by the charity...I might raise some questions.
Mt. Gox was not giving to the United Way 
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:37:49
are you serious? The Bitcoin Foundation didn't receive money from Mt. Gox? Karpeles was on the board. Peter Vessenes' company CoinLab has $5 million of Gox's money that was claimed as an asset on Mt. Gox's balance sheet. You don't think some part of the core development team's salary, including Gavin's, is paid by Mt. Gox's past contributions to the foundation? 
Bitcoiners should be interested in a real debate.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:09:03
I don't know about that, Chalash. The problem is a guy at a rating agency makes very little money compared to the company benefiting from the rating. Such as a originator of a financing or hedge fund manager vs. a rating agency analyst. The hedge fund or Goldman can sweet talk or cajole a rating agency at times. Many subprime tranches were rated AAA.
Consumers do not pay for ratings. The company pays for the rating. Would a company pay for a shitty rating? No. There is a great deal of quid pro quo.
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:21:17
very good. So you understand SHA-256, ECDSA, and have conducted adequate due-diligence on the entire codebase to ensure the rate of the money supply? Or have you taken someone's word for it?
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:24:39
No, my point was that the free market sometimes does not react quickly even when there is impending failure. Both in poker and at Mt. Gox. People stay put until the slaughter. I interviewed Erik last year when Gox had problems. He said people would leave in droves. They didn't. Neither did he.
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:24:25
what does Keynes have to do with Japan vs. China? He's been dead for a while. Japan had a very low rate of inflation for the past 25 years. China, much higher. Yet, almost everyone would agree Chinese economic performance has been better. The point is that inflation, by itself, is not the scorecard.
@_date: 2014-02-11 20:24:18
well....since World War II...how often have the countries ranked in the top 10 in GDP terms fought each other. infrequent. Almost all rich countries are allies. Rich countries haven't fought each other in a very long time - rich countries have the ability to kill the most people. The wars before 1946...going back to the civil war were pretty bloody. pretty sure they had fixed monetary supplies or some archaic form then. 
@_date: 2014-04-17 00:51:30
fair point, maybe. But I knew literally nothing about Bitcoin when we shot...was extremely cynical, but fascinated...so the script and questions were written in a way to maximize my own personal understanding. 
Ultimately, our target audience is readers of The Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, New York Times, New Yorker, and The Economist that don't yet fully get Bitcoin. If something serious is too fun or hyper, I cannot understand it. I had seen countless newspaper covers with Bitcoin, but did not have a clue. Sometimes you just have to let serious material soak in.
(You already know, so you can interpret the moving images with nuance.) The average high net-worth viewer is seeing a bunch of hype in action, but it clarifies nothing...they respond to conversation that gives them a big picture understanding. I think. I hope.
@_date: 2014-04-09 04:21:08
sorry you feel that way. first, I didn't start producing the piece because I was pro-Bitcoin. Not in the least. I was curious. I wasn't sold when we filmed (I am still totally fascinated, but not sold.) I was trying to be as fair as possible to everyone that sat down with me and allowed each person to put out their strongest arguments. Additionally, it would have taken me 3 phone calls to get the entire production cost met by Bitcoin companies taken on as sponsors. But we did not want it to come across as promotional of Bitcoin in anyway. Instead we have eaten the production costs, 100% underwritten by us (SQ1.tv), and aren't willing to take on pure Bitcoin sponsors...nor did we take any donations because we did not want to be beholden to anyone's or any industry's viewpoint in anything we do. (We do sell subs in dollars and BTC...in a diabolical scheme to generate revenue :) So you couldn't find a more neutral producer to make the film that would have still spent the time to understand and treat the subject fairly. And I genuinely liked everybody that we filmed...
What is sad is that the politics of Bitcoin are being stripped out by the Valley/Wall St establishment. That's the big story that we tried to lead up to. If Coinbase or Bitpay received a letter from the US Govt suggesting to stop processing payments for Antiwar.com on the eve of a military action, would they stop payment processing? I bet they would. And this push to mainstream Bitcoin, but sterilizing it of all its political underpinnings is what needs to be covered and debated. We don't really need a more efficient way to pay for socks; what people need is a way to pay Wikileaks or support other forms of speech that can be suppressed easily. Trace Mayer makes this point in our film: It is hard to have freedom of speech without the freedom to transact.
And what should be covered is why something like SatoshiDice is illegal in the first place.
Bhu Srinivasan
@_date: 2014-02-06 23:13:26
thank you. yes, we're in final post-production...editing..the final product. We probably will release the individual interviews as well if there is interest.
@_date: 2014-02-09 14:32:57
very similar. In fact, the thinking behind Hertz's capital allocation model would be along the same lines. They loan out cars. They borrow money to buy cars...which they then loan out to people. You can think of the daily car rental payment as interest (along with depreciation + preparation) on the capital value of the car. Hertz will borrow $1 billion to buy 40,000 cars if the interest cost of the loan is less than the expected daily rental rate (accounting for depreciation and operating costs of the business)...so they are borrowing money to buy cars to loan them out. So again, I can't return the Suburban I rented at the SFO counter with $50,000 in the form of 5 million pennies and say, "yo bro, you totally have to accept it. It's legal tender. it's the law." Contracts can stipulate the form of the loan and the repayment terms....even with dollars. 
If I lend you $100k and say you need to settle via wire transfer...you can't bring me 10 million pennies and not be in breach. The damages might be minimal, but nevertheless you did not satisfy the terms of the loan agreement just because you brought me the pennies.
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:07:45
or I could wire it from bank account. Why do Bitcoiners assume that the only way to send cash is through Fedex or a dude named Tito? You can send thousands or millions of dollars or billions via wire transfer. Both banks authenticate it. And you have legal recourse and a paper trail. If I buy a $500k domain name from you, is it safer to send you Bitcoin or a wire? With a wire, I can prove you received it and get a judge to order the domain to be transferred.
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:06:27
I never said anyone is not intelligent enough.
I'll tell you the mechanism in my view:
Taxes + Consumer Protection + Labor Laws = Revolution Insurance
At a certain level of income, you are in a trade with society to make sure society is placated with social services, which you fund with taxes. 
You are buying consent for people to agree/consent to the system of property rights and economic organization.
Why is it such a big deal to have to pay money to get the consent of the people?
Politicians are there to manage the balance. Democrats try to raise taxes and increase social services. Republicans help negotiate for lower taxes and lesser services. Some distortions occur. 
In a revolution, you have a 100% tax on all lifetime wealth. With taxes, the rate fluctuates with the level of unrest in the society. (For instance, long-term capital gains was just 15% until this year...but the party that won negotiates for the side of higher taxes.)
Your society is functioning well based on the % of people under free, non-violent circumstances who would not revolt.
Occupy Wall Street and Tea Party...even these movements contributed to small percentage increases in Revolution Risk. 
So start thinking about taxes as Revolution Insurance. You pay for your car to not get stolen, your home insurance, and you pay for the consent of your society to mitigate against revolution. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:30:24
people lost their homes because they didn't pay their mortgage. show me a person that lost their home due to paying their mortgage.
In Cyprus, the problem is the euro. This runs counter to the Bitcoiner's point: The problem of central bank printing presses. Greece, Italy, Cyprus are not having problems because they have too many euros...exactly the opposite. They have too few euros and no longer have the sovereign ability to print their own currency as they are in a currency union. When a country controls its currency, it can depreciate the currency to get competitive balance. When a country becomes a part of a currency union, this monetary tool is no longer an option. 
Cyprus cannot print euros. Italy cannot print euros. Spain cannot print euros.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:26:53
And what is not centralized about Bitcoin? Marketplaces, such as exchanges, are winner-take-all businesses. That's why Mt. Gox still maintains market share even with everything over past year...it is hard for buyers a place to leave where the sellers are and vice versa. There are 3-4 exchanges that have 90%+ market share. 
Of the new merchants signing up for merchant accounts, at least 80% in the US I bet, use Coinbase or Bitpay now. Every Coinbase and Bitpay user's identity fully known. Basically centralized wallets + merchant services.
Coinbase is financed by Andreesen Horowitz, Marc Andreesen's firm, who is on the board of Facebook.  (Do you think Facebook with 1 billion users doesn't share data with NSA?) 
Bitpay is financed by Founder's Fund; Peter Thiel's firm, also on the board of Facebook...co-founder of Paypal...and founding investor in Palantir, the CIA's dataminer - the CIA is an original investor in Palantir.
Gavin Andresen's last contact with Satoshi was before his talk at the CIA...back in 2010.
And look at all of the non-establishment characters around Bitcoin...Silk Road. Gone...Bitinstant, gone. 
Every major VC-backed company asking for regulation. There are a few nodes...well-financed...that are going to get all of the new users.  
And lastly. the CIA can maybe seize money...but why would they want to?....when the real issue is can it get money to whomever it wants easily...without people logistics. Now it can with Bitcoin. A bunch revolutionaries on Twitter making noise? Let's send them $50k of Bitcoins...operators don't even need to meet the assets any more. (Even the Reagan admin had to sell arms to Iran to fund the contras...remember Iran-Contra...why would they need to do all that if they could money so easily...they couldn't.) Now everything can be done off-the-books.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:11:43
but over 100 years, an incredible amount of real wealth has been created. 
The American economy over the past 100 years has probably had the best track record of any economy in history in terms of standard of living, innovation, productivity...
@_date: 2014-02-08 19:15:29
No. The Fed doesn't distribute the $75 billion to banks to do as they see fit. It buys existing securities that happen to trade in the open market. For instance, the Fed buys mortgage-backed securities, treasury bonds, foreign sovereigns, and other fixed income securities. The sellers of these securities now have the $75 billion for which they sold the securities.Yes, the Fed did create the $75 billion which it used to buy the securities. But the Fed is also owed the $75 billion from the debts that comprise the securities in the first place. For every $75 billion the Fed "creates" by buying securities in the open market, the Fed is owed $75 billion by the underlying borrowers that make up the security.
@_date: 2014-03-01 14:08:21
Exactly. 
If banks were required to carry the full reserve, there would be no point in a bank even taking deposits. You would have to pay the bank to hold your money since the bank can not lend it out. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 14:04:41
well, the note I was responding to was a call for shared sacrifice among Bitcoiners to endure all the pain for the future benefit of humanity. As Bitcoin is a movement...as much as a currency, apparently.
My argument is if such shared sacrifice is required, (which implies some financial cost), what is so different about the daily sacrifice of taxation as this also benefits others.
You need to read the original letter by Erik Voorhees that I was responding to. 
@_date: 2014-03-12 18:18:50
Is hyper-inflation bad for the person with $100k in the bank or bad for the person that owes $100k to the bank? It cannot be bad for both at the same time. One is the lender in a sense and the other is the borrower. In this limited context, it is a zero-sum game. Japan has had very low inflation for almost 2 decades, yet it has the highest debt-to-GDP ratio in the developed world. Why? Because if you borrow $100k and your income starts declining due to deflation, the principal on your old debt becomes larger in comparison to your wage. If your wages are appreciating due to inflation, the amounts you borrowed in the past with its fixed principal become less relative to your income.
Also, household debt has been declining for the past several years.
@_date: 2014-02-28 20:37:31
this is a very valid point...perhaps the most valid counter to the issues I raised.
@_date: 2014-03-02 03:13:19
Fair point. I withdraw the word "slaughter"...replace with something more benign.
I might agree that to many, perhaps even most, it wasn't a big deal. Bitcoin is speculative...people knew that. Plus, people must have had huge unrealized gains, so in tax loss or cost basis terms the whole thing might be minimal.
But in the aggregate...7% of all Bitcoins is unaccounted for. I think this is a real shame. 
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:53:55
did you read the privacy policy and user agreement for Reddit before setting up your account? How do you know it didn't say "by using this site, you agree to paying us $XXX if we ever feel like collecting it."
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:50:35
SatoshiStyle, addressing "the NO INCENTIVE to seek out financially solvent instititutions.":
Financial reports of banks and financial institutions is a difficult read. I read many and I barely have a handle on it. There is no way that 95% of people I know, including the entrepreneurs and CEOs I know, would really be able to have the time or expertise to do this level of due-diligence.
How many Bitcoiners have done the due-diligence on elliptical curve cryptography or SHA-256 or really have a handle on transaction malleability issue claimed? 
99% of Bitcoiners are accepting that the technical aspects of bitcoin are sound based on faith. Why is this all that different?
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:22:00
No. I have no interest in whether bitcoin is regulated or not.
I am not conveniently forgetting anything. That was precisely my point. Even when people see warning signs, they do not leave. If they are "laughing hyenas", then they are not victims as you see it. If they are not victims, was there a crime a committed?
Mt. Gox was defrauded. If Bitcoin succeeds wildly and is worth $100k each, the GOXKingpin that stole all the BTC is going to be $85 billion....and growing in purchasing power due to deflation. And you want to talk about socialism.  
Socialism didn't steal 7% of the entire stock of BTC outstanding. Neither did the media or the banksters or jihadis...
I do find it pretentious that Bitcoin is about some great sacrifice by early adopters for the greater good of humanity....when I think most just want to make some money.
@_date: 2014-02-10 22:11:09
is this chart saying that the total number of wallets across all services is 1.2 million? in total worldwide?
@_date: 2014-02-13 14:30:52
you want an institution to be bailed out so that regular depositors can feel safe with their BTC?
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:04:02
I do not care if Bitcoin is regulated.
@_date: 2014-03-01 21:26:30
Lehman Brothers was not an FDIC-insured bank. People bought Lehman Structured Notes to get higher than FDIC-insured bank yields. If you move away from FDIC-insured products, that's the risk you take. There is no free lunch.  
I know people that sold those notes to retail and the people selling them barely knew the product better than people buying them. Do you think in an unregulated environment these people would not have been raked over the coals by brokers even more?
You are making this statement at a time when 100% of the coins held at a leading exchange were stolen.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:05:21
3rd parties. Like bond rating agencies, perhaps? Maybe Arthur Andersen?
I like that. So what you are saying is that trustless transactions enabled by bitcoin require an audited 3rd party? 
Your peer-to-peer protocol needs 3rd parties to ensure trust? I didn't see that in the whitepaper.
@_date: 2014-03-12 19:24:28
agreed in principle. The one thing people are dismissing is the unit of account function in psychological terms. I don't think we have had a situation where people measure growth with a deflationary currency. How do you account for revenue growth? Can people handle their wages dropping on an annual basis? Also, to have a person idle with their money getting richer over time seems undemocratic...people will have greater and greater proportion of the wealth based on past efforts with no attempt to continue to invest and keep pace. Dynastic wealth is very hard to maintain in inflationary economies...
For Bitcoin, I don't think any of it will matter for a long time. Especially over the next few years, as the growth in supply of Bitcoins is not insignificant.
Also, you seem knowledgable about other currencies. I'm of the opinion that Bitcoin has already won among virtual currencies and is awaiting infrastructure buildout...it just has captured a degree of imagination that seems hard to replicate. Do these other currencies have any real legs?
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:31:26
he is one of the smartest people in Bitcoin. I should have addressed him as Mr. Voorhees :)
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:35:24
if it was a calculated risk assumed by Mt. Gox holders, then it would hold that they were not a victim.
This means that Mt. Gox had prices that allowed people to get compensated in expected value terms for their calculated risks.
This means that there are no victims. 
And in libertarianism, this would hold that the person that stole the coins committed no crime as there is no such thing as a victimless crime. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:50:00
irony. You hold that government can print unlimited money. Yet, you point out that the FDIC only has $40 billion. If your premise is that the US Govt can print whenever it wants, why do you assume a fictional limit of $40 billion? 
Also, GEICO does not have the total value of all the cars it insures either. They do not expect all cars to crash at the same time and be totaled. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 21:21:00
very valid point. 
but Japan is not some backwater. And if Bitcoin is so stateless, why do you need a US Exchange? 
@_date: 2014-03-31 03:08:16
When VCs were pouring money into Internet companies in the mid-to-late 90s, you don't think domain names appreciated in value dramatically. The vast majority of domain names were not used for VC-backed companies, but yet the value appreciation was significant as the entire ecosystem was growing. 
Bitcoin companies cannot be worth a lot without Bitcoins themselves being worth something as a correlated asset. The protocol needs to use the underlying asset. If a Bitcoin company is worth something, it means it is transacting BTC at some scale - which means demand for BTC. 
It remains to be seen if there is any real use case for Bitcoin that is actually practical. But if it does find a big use case, the value of each Bitcoin will reflect this. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:16:34
your average consumer, merchant, and investor does not want to endure any pain. They want to make money or spend money safely.
Why is there this notion of pain in the bitcoin movement? It tells me that people have a need to be a part of something bigger than themselves.
I am deeply cynical of these calls for shared sacrifice and 'pain'. 
Vast majority of bitcoiners want to stack some cheddar.
@_date: 2014-03-02 00:02:01
Francisco d'Anconia was a frivolous playboy until he wasn't. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:55:51
no, I don't. That's why I qualified it with "it seems". 
If a person did sufficiently understand it, then that person is not a victim, as the risk was priced in and absorbed by the participant.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:42:30
I am a consumer. I am not sophisticated enough to determine whether my house is actually safe and built properly. I am not sophisticated enough to determine if my phone won't cause brain cancer. Some knowledge needs to be pooled and standardized. Once it is known, it makes no sense for society to keep relearning the same lessons.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:22:53
I care about a vigorous debate. What percentage of Mt. Gox account holders will accept a government bailout if it meant return of their coins?  
I bet most would.
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:59:27
prices at the grocery store did NOT jump. When stocks fell 50%, oil fell from a high of $147 a barrel in June 2008 to $35 per barrel in Jan 2009. Building supply prices did NOT double: They fell...as there was little demand for it since no one was building. There was a serious risk of deflation and total demand destruction in late 2008 and for most of 2009.
There were very few "fiscally responsible market actors"...and there is no way that this segment could have stepped and purchased the securitized assets of failing banks. In fact, most "fiscally responsible" buyers did not want to buy any of the companies as they viewed them as falling knives. Even when JP Morgan bought Bear Stearns, the US Gov had to provide a backstop to cover the first $30B of losses if the losses occurred.
Yes, it was outrageous overall: But when a patient overdoses on heroin and is in the hospital, you don't let them die at the ER simply to teach the family a lesson.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:34:27
no, I do not. I have no interest in whether Bitcoin is regulated or not. I am simply pointing out that markets do not react instantly to bad news as the efficient market hypothesis would suggest.
@_date: 2014-02-28 18:58:37
I do not care if Bitcoin is regulated or not.
The point was that markets do not react rapidly to negative sentiment. The idea of perfect markets is flawed. The idea of markets being efficient is not, just not perfect.
@_date: 2014-02-28 19:02:39
Of course, there is a cost. Of course, I pay for it. But Erik called for a shared sacrifice to better humanity in his letter. Why is shared sacrifice in bitcoinland any different than the sacrifice we all make when we pay taxes? 
Does Bitcoin require shared sacrifice for the collective good or is it to enable the present, profitable pursuit of self-interest?
You people want to be a part of a movement with sacrifice, but this is counter to the pursuit of self-interest.
@_date: 2014-03-01 23:51:11
Under no circumstance would I want any government bailing out anybody at Mt. Gox or anyone else in anything Bitcoin related.
The point is that people cannot understand risk that well.