@_author: squatchy23
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:20:28
So short the fuck out of it
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:19:09
You completely ignore that bitcoin is still developing. Yes, it's not a functional currency, but people who scream HODL are hoping that one day it will be. By your explanation of why the dollar is stable, I see no reason as to why bitcoin cannot accomplish stability as the ability to use bitcoin and the exchanging of the currency for goods and services increases. It is speculation, but the speculation shouldn't be that prices will go higher, it's that the use of bitcoin will become widespread and THEN it will stabilize. I don't plan on selling my bitcoin, I plan on USING THEM. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:55:05
Do have a statistic to prove the vast majority are buying and selling and not seeking to hold and use? I'm curious as to what it actually is. Yes right now everyone seems to want to get rich with bitcoin, but that doesn't mean bitcoin itself is not valuable. The price has been driven up and it may come crashing down but my point is bitcoin, if it can accomplish a few key steps, could become a legitimate currency.  The .com bubble was the the result of what people did with the internet, not the internet itself. What people are doing with bitcoin right now is not what they'll be doing with bitcoin in the future, in my opinion. It's still growing and developing. Right now everyone sees how much they can make, but to evaluate bitcoin you have to ignore the people and see what it is, what it could be. How was bitcoin supposed to just become a mainstream currency? It's a new technology, it requires time to implement. People can misuse it, but I would like to know why you think bitcoin is incapable of becoming a currency that is frequently used as a medium of exchange. I think if bitcoin is offered by retailers like Amazon, people would use it instead of purely buying and selling on exchanges. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:03:59
I'd argue that the US government not being involved could give someone confidence that their money is safe. Not arguing it's sound, but that the governments control can also be off putting. Government can't seize my bitcoin, but my bank account can get frozen pretty quickly. If bitcoin gets big enough, the volatility should be greatly reduced
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:10:11
I'd say people trying to make money have probably sold some along the way or sold and bought at a dip, but I see what you're saying. Please continue
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:47:40
I agree, bitcoin is valued on potential. It's all yours, you're responsible for keeping it safe or you can use a third party that's insured that acts just like a bank, so the option is there but the necessity isn't (I'm unaware of any system that lets you store USD digitally without a third party). Even if anti-gov are a minority, I think when you provide an alternative people are going to start to pay attention to how money works. Most people really don't think about what a dollar is, how it all works, they just roll with it, but in my opinion I think it's gonna open eyes to the flaws of our financial system
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:03:48
Bruh if satoshi called me personally I'd invest every dollar I have into bitcoin, probably dollars I don't have too