@_author: squarecoinman
@_date: 2017-12-15 11:18:00
Hi u/pineappleFund I like the name , I have a few suggestions for you . I understand that many people suggest to go for the save charities and i am fine with that.  It is a safe way of doing Things.    
I would like to suggest that you  use some of the Money to help in a differend way . As  a Mod in r/gofundme and r/charity i see daily people strugling , they will go to gofundme and ask for all kind of help , but the sad thing is that there are two big problems , most crowdfunding sides are expencive until a few eeks ago gofundme would take 8 % , now they just take the fee of 3 % and ask the donor for a donation of 15 % .    
This Means that it is in the interest of gofundme to stimulte anybody to ask for anything after all every dollar donated will mean Money in the cooprate pockets and with 3000 new campaigns per day that is a lot of Money made. Sadly this also Means that loads of scammers will make post on gofundme.   as go fundme allows anybody to use any name and you can even send the Money to a differend account .     
So a new way of crowndfunding that will bennefit people without that some Commercial industry as owner earns Money on it combined with security measures that will keep scammers at bay , this could often be that people that write they had a car accident would provide a police report and if your dog is sick then a vet bill with the name and phone number of the vet should be possible.     
second sugestion , you like pineapple I like bamboo , bamboo is the fastes growing product that can be used for anything like clothing , thoothbrush, Building material , food etc etc , so mayeb some Money could be used to make and grow more environmental products that coudl crreate jobs at the same time.   maybe some small research grant in developing Bamboo as a more meanstream product.    
a Kill the pay day loan program , to many "stupid" people will get in traps of payday loans , a politica lobby against it combined with a loan system that would help people to get out the 26 % loans would help a lot of people .   This could be done by introducting a P to P loan system where Groups of people help people to get out of dept ( via paypal goods and service )so there is not a lot of risq for whomever helps to give the loan but it would need a platform and legal advice behind it.      
I know that all these ideas need some creative thinking and maybe a small think tank , but it could have a huge impact on many people 
 