@_author: squirrelpotpie
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:38:26
I've been fortunate enough to avoid it so far too.  There might be something I'm doing that other people aren't, but I don't think so.  I think it's just luck.
My roommate had the good fortune to catch the perp when his card got used.  The guy bought the card info from a hacker somewhere online and used it to buy expensive fishing gear.  He had the gear shipped to his address, and the shop he bought it from was astute enough to have a policy of sending a copy of the invoice to the billing address on the card.
The credit company was just going to undo the transaction and forget it, until he mentioned he had the shipping address.  Then they got very interested.
@_date: 2014-02-27 00:45:27
IMO we should have ~~harsher punishments for~~ stricter punishment of hacking.  The negative effects caused by that whole culture are *mind boggling.*  And half the time, it's done for *no reason whatsoever* other than the kiddie thought it was fun.
Death, for tearing at the country's ability to use its financial infrastructure, reducing public faith in the financial system, and the associated security and analysis costs of trying to prevent that activity?  In China?  I'd believe it.
Edit:  I see my mistake.  We don't need harsher punishment, we need more focus on catching and punishing, and it needs to cost less.  Right now we're almost entirely just letting it run rampant, and focusing on rebuilding the damage.
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:54:41
True, if one person didn't take advantage and expose weaknesses, another probably would.  I wish it focused more on doing it for the purpose of bolstering security and less on the thrill of the crime, but then it might be hard to convince businesses they need to care about security.
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:13:52
Did people think I wanted to execute people? God no.
@_date: 2014-02-27 03:10:59
Are banks insured in China like they are here?  I honestly don't know.
If people can't trust that their money stays in the bank when they put it there, the people won't use banks.  Our banks are federally insured in the US because of that.  The $87,000 and the cost of the investigation just gets taxed from the rest of us and put back in the accounts.
There's only one reason I'm willing to shop online.  Because the credit company allows me to dispute a fraudulent charge.  (I still refuse to use my debit card.)  I know six people locally who've had their cards stolen and used, probably from database break-ins.  One had to borrow money from friends to pay for lunch for a week, because he was left without any way of accessing his money or his credit until the investigation closed and he had new accounts.
I refuse to keep my card number on xbox live, psn or steam, because they're too high-profile targets.  (Also, all have been hacked.)
A few months ago, some jackass with a botnet decided it would be fun to DDOS the steam store and keep people from buying during the holiday sales.  Was there any redeeming reason for that?
Bitcoin is fucked, because hackers.
I'm done.  Obviously my opinion on the subject is unpopular here.
@_date: 2014-02-27 02:44:31
No, I don't, but I'm constantly directly affected by those who do.  At this point I don't think there's a single place I've ever had an account that hasn't had their database stolen.
It's really annoying, and costs us a lot of nice things.
(Black hats.  Not pentesters and people doing it for the purpose of building security.)
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:40:55
[I agree.](