@_author: squidot47
@_date: 2014-09-16 03:35:10
wow. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 23:12:42
interesting...yeah, I imagined you would keep an account with them, with fiat in it, just not having to have it already in BTC. Or it could pull automatically in the case of overdraft, like paypal/amazon etc do.  Though yeah, then there's the issue of chargebacks.  
@_date: 2014-03-02 22:20:33
Thanks for the quick replies, everyone...good to know this is in development or at least on the radar.  I guess the main issue that comes along with this is, how would the company even make money?  But I assume in a world like this where the goal doesn't have to be becoming a billionaire, they could still charge a very small fee and still be profitable.  At least that is the hope.  
@_date: 2015-03-09 13:04:57
1. I only use Schwab for the checking account, not trading.  I understand that they give me all this "free" stuff with hopes that I'll trade with them of course, and can stop that at any moment.  
2. Sorry, but most people don't carry their chargers with them everywhere, though I suppose if it was your only connection to money you would, yes.  
3. See bit about keeping extra card in hotel/luggage etc.  
Data is very expensive while traveling, more so than any fees.  A lot of places have wifi, but not all, it depends on the country you're in.  And often it's not working (though you can make transactions offline as well).  My point is just that it's simply not even close to being there yet, especially for those countries where even cash/credit cards are an issue...but in 5 years? Maybe yes…I hope so.  For now, you're better off with a Schwab account though, over Chase or Citibank or any of those.  
Other simple travel tips: 1. to avoid losing everything in mugging, keep your atm card in a coat pocket or somewhere else outside your wallet if you're in a sketchy place.  That way if you get mugged, they just get the cash/phone, but not the card.  2. Many foreign atms have numerous denominations in them, not like US where it's mostly $20s…sometimes you can choose the denominations you want (smaller bills rather than big), or take out a less round number, 95 euros instead of 100 for example, and you'll get a mix of notes that are easier to spend than 2 50s. 
@_date: 2015-03-09 01:40:01
Separate topic I guess, and not to push fiat here, but somewhat related--US customers planning to travel abroad often should get a Charles Schwab account…They charge $0 fees, 0% exchange rate, and even reimburse you for atm fees charged by the local atm owner (heck, even in the US too, so you can use any atm machine, not just your bank's).  I spend about half of the year abroad and love it…even late at night wanting to get another beer or two but out of cash, just taking out like $10 and not getting slapped with fees or having to worry about carrying a large amount on you (with my old bank it never made sense because of the fees, to take out less that $100).  
Also just wanted to point out that it's quite common while traveling to be out and about all day, and your phone battery dies and you're still hours and miles from home…in which case bitcoin actually looks like a crappy idea to rely on.  Not to mention tourists tend to lose their phones often, or get mugged…or that wifi is often an issue.  