@_author: squidwurd
@_date: 2014-05-06 14:07:15
uhm it's any press is good press. 
"your grandmother just died"
"oh well I guess that's good news"
with this you dont need to qualify it with the rest of your comment
@_date: 2014-12-15 05:33:55
i mean what people call communism isnt even CLOSE to the ideals of communism. It is an authoritarian state rather than a stateless society. Like literally the opposite end of the spectrum. 
@_date: 2014-12-15 19:41:43
Well I'm not a fortune teller so I don't pretend to know how it will exactly play out. However, I am a political scientist so I can tell you exactly what a state is and how it might be broken down. 
A state is a political-legal abstraction which represents the organizations and institutions which collectively control the monopoly on the legitimate use of violence within a given territory, ie have sovereignty over a given area.  In order to destroy the state, there needs to be localized community governments which maintain the right to use violence in their own communities for self-defense. Violence is really the key tool that the state uses to protect property rights. How else can you keep squatters out of an empty house except with violence? A fence is one answer, but that's not gonna work everywhere lol. 
So yeah, you need workers to rise up and take over their factories, for communities to rise up and take over the public institutions, and to exercise their right to defend their communities from outside coercive hierarchies.
Realistically, states need to be incredibly fragile for this to happen, and so it has only happened historically during times of war. If you look at what happened during the spanish civil war, the vacuum of power allowed anarchists to rise up and take power back. But a vacuum of power is not enough, it must be filled by a democratic body, not just the next dictator.
If you look at what is going on in Syria right now we actually see something very similar. In the kurdish region, the kurds have been operating with autonomy in the syrian rojava, and have set up communal municipal ism. Basically, the power rests in the hands of all the members of the community. Power is not so much centralized, but more spread out. This is democracy. What we know as "democracy" is really polisarchy, or the rule of the vote. To reach real democracy, you have to recognize how other factors besides voting (namely economic factors) influence politics. For example, in America, we don't have real democracy, or pure democracy you could call it, because the people don't really rule. The people share power with wealth, so it is a capitalist polisarchy. 
Honestly I would just like you to think about it like this. Who benefits when the workers believe that communism is impossible because of human nature? Has anyone ever used propaganda in order to spread lies and disinformation in order to reduce the credibility of an idea? Qui bono?
@_date: 2014-12-15 19:04:07
no. See that is exactly the opposite. communism requires the abolition of the state. You are thinking authoritarian states with planned economies. They use communist ideologies in order to cover up their abuse and gain legitimacy. But state control of the means of production is ABSOLUTELY NOT worker control of the means of production, no matter how often politicians say they control the MOP in the name of the workers. Communism really isn't about suspending human greed at all. It is about changing society so that there aren't hierarchies of power (concentrations of power) that greedy people can take advantage of in order to suit their own interests. 
Even real socialism has almost never been done, because socialism also necessitates worker control of the means of production