@_author: srjenkins
@_date: 2016-11-06 15:04:36
There are a number of scenarios where monopolies are good. My water is produced by a monopoly. Arguably, AT&amp;T's monopoly drove telephone adoption rates. Or, more recent, think about why social media tends to be dominated by one firm, because if you're going to have a walled garden, most people think it is best to have just a single enclosure.
The bottom line is that if these "limits" are as problematic as you think they will be, then alternatives that solve those problems better will have opportunities. It's kind of ironic that you talk about how monopolies are bad while at the same time arguing for one that is more flexible and adheres to your values.
@_date: 2016-12-07 11:16:25
Free market capitalism was ruined before big government and is partly why it exists.
@_date: 2016-12-07 22:45:19
tl;dr: Check out [Crises of Capitalism]( for a broad level review of some problems of capitalism and "free markets", which he talks about as in shifting problems geographically. 
If you go looking for literature, you're going to get into very sophisticated models, like the one Harvey is using. Below, I'm just going to try to highlight a few of the problems of "free markets" broadly speaking, so I might get you to the point where it is intuitive that they might not be "best", without any qualification.
In economics, "free markets" has a particular meaning. It's something like: "Many producers and many sellers of a commodity product trading under conditions of near perfect information with limited externalities." When you have those conditions, then yes, free markets are great. The problem is that those conditions are rarely the case.
Let's think about the fixed line telephone. When the telephone was invented, there was a need for a lot of telephone wire infrastructure. Imagine how inefficient in would have been to have many different telephone companies, all building their own infrastructure. You'd end up with a lot of redundent capacity in cities and no connectivity at all in many rural areas. 
That's why the government allowed AT&amp;T a monopoly, originally with the condition that competitors had access to their lines. Eventually, it allowed for a shared set of infrastructure and a means to achieve a goal of universal telephone access that spanned the whole United States. Once the infrastructure was in place, then the argument for keeping the monopoly becomes weaker, and it makes more sense to introduce competition, now that you have a mature, established service, which presumably leads to improvements (but not always). 
If we had a free market system in the beginning, we still might still not have universal telephone access, like we don't for broadband Internet (The FCC [says]( ~40% or rural Americans lack access to 25 Mbps/3 Mbps broadband service). 
So, one problem is that competition is inefficient, particularly for nascent or emerging markets. Depending on market conditions and maturity, competition can lead to innovation and optimization that makes that inefficiency worthwhile, but it doesn't always. 
Another problem is that sometimes the profit motive interfers with the good or service being provided. For example: relying on mercenary armies for your national security. Even if they can be run less expensively than state run armies, they come with inherent security risks. Same is true of for profit prisons, schools, provision of clean water, sewage treatment, etc. There's a reason why we tend to socialize these functions, and it is often because the profit motive puts in perverse incentives. For example, bringing in criminals using a bounty system. It may have a place, but it's a small one.
Sometimes, it is a necessary industry that cannot be run profitably at all or has severe cycles. For example, you would want to make sure that food is not run only on the profit model, because that's a good way to have famines. Nothing wrong with profits in agriculture, but you also need to mitigate risks and make sure cash crops don't crowd out food people need to survive. 
There's other problems. Some argue that capitalism is, by definition, profits stolen from labor. If I pay you $25 an hour to make a widget that takes an hour to produce using my capital for $100 dollars, what is happening after I pay the operating expense? Ultimately, profits are the difference between what I pay you and what I sell the product for, which is arguably a kind of theft, or if you like Marxist terminology, you can call it surplus value. 
Or, we can talk about externalities. There are a lot of features of markets that don't get factored into the price. What is the true cost of the $1 value meal at that fast food chain? Because, it isn't one dollar. Someone's subsidizing that price, either through actual subsidies or in externalities, such as pollution in the form of smell coming from the factory animals or the smog in Beijing.
Anyway, hopefully, this gives you some food for thought and gets you to the point where you might suspect there are problems with your intuition on "free markets".
@_date: 2016-05-20 11:02:41
This flounce needs to be more epic.