@_author: sroub3k
@_date: 2015-06-23 21:09:49
This report appeared after logging on Scrypt.cc !!
June 22, 2015 - Around 24 hours ago, I (Marcelo Santos AKA Admin) was finishing our server upgrade, We've been doing the switch step by step for the past two weeks. The last part was the accounts database and the trade engine. I put a notice up here around the time I was finishing the switch, users that were online at the time probably noticed. After I completed, I ran a upgrade on the new server and left on a personal trip with my family in which I was unreachable until now.
Around 14 hours ago our database was breached, the hacker credited himself BTC and KHS and withdrew BTC until our withdraw wallet was empty. He then proceeded to make suspicious orders in the market in which the market automatically turned itself off. This sent a alert to myself and other support staff, one of them seeing what was happening but not being able to do much as he does not have back-end access, he enabled our "Panic" mode in which put the whole site on lock down. But the hackers still managed to gain access and steal the coins from the hot wallet and the backup withdraw wallet.
Bad news: We had a large amount of BTC stolen, most of which were ours.
Good news: Our server runs hourly database backups and a backup was made minutes before their first attack and right before the lock down. So all user information is safe.
The site will stay online while we investigate further and plan out our next steps.
Balances will show 0 for the time being as we work on the database.
According to the blockchain some users are still depositing into their accounts, DO NOT MAKE ANY MORE DEPOSITS since the hackers still have access to the hotwallets.
Please have patience and I'll keep everyone updated as we execute our next steps.
Update: Aside from the stolen coins, there's no other damage done. We have found the entry point and we're ready to move on. We're in the progress of installing a new server and should be back in business within a week.
There's a lot of speculation regarding KHS/BTC balances, all balances will be rolled back to the last backup before the lock down.
You will be forced to change your emails, password and PIN upon your first login. (These are hashed but it's good practice to reset after a breach like this).
It was a big blow, but we'll come out stronger then ever. We appreciate the patience and all of the kind words we have recieved. I'll update as we make progress.