@_author: sschepis
@_date: 2015-12-26 22:34:27
Yeah, that's why I don't use them, but i see no reason not to answer OP's query...
@_date: 2015-12-26 20:00:14
Magnr -  - offers interest for BTC deposits. The APR is low - something like 2% - but it's something, if you don't mind someone else having control over your BTC.
@_date: 2014-10-20 01:49:52
Holy shit! Reddit Gold! In my 6 years here... no one has.. this is the first time.. sniff... I am honored. Thank you, kind gilder.
@_date: 2014-01-02 17:35:32
 is what you are looking for. Not sure why this namecoin use case hasn't yet gotten more attention.
@_date: 2014-04-01 00:10:37
It does better by providing an open, decentralized, highly replicated, unforgeable transaction ledger that all parties can use without having to trust each other or a centralized third party to do business, without requiring any party to agree or audit the others practices and standards. That seems like a value add to me, or do you feel it's not enough to justify consideration and experimentation?
@_date: 2014-04-06 08:15:02
Your statement is misinformed and full of unnecessary moralism that has no place in this context. The reason sha-256 was originally chosen wasn't due to greed, it was due to the fact that it fit the requirement for an algorithm which cool be used as pow and was inexpensive to verify. Regarding algorithms which could perform useful work, while still retaining the vital feature of bring inexpensive to verify - many people are working on it. 
Since you feel the need to whine about it here - may I suggest that you stop acting like like a moaning victim, get of your ass, and build it yourself,  if the rest of us can't seem to serve you fast enough for your liking.
@_date: 2014-10-16 17:32:42
Hello Alex, please contact Dan from Syscoin and immediately commence payment of our funds held in escrow by you. Failure to do so will result in us pressing civil and criminal charges to the extent UK law permits it. Please be advised that this is not an empty threat - it's a certainty - if you do not comply. We will not allow you to steal almost a quarter million USD in BTC from us and will fight you vigorously in a court of law to get our funds back.
@_date: 2014-01-04 16:31:08
Namecoin's spec *already* allows for this, using the id/ namespace. Check out the nameid.org project, which implements the spec. Namecoin has many use cases, and distributed DNS is only one of them ( and one of the least exciting, IMO). Name coin is a distributed, *generic* key/value store, with several existing namespaces. d/ is for domains, id/ is for online profile. Others exist. Namecoin actually has the potential to secure any information as provably unique and owned by an address. To me, this hints at the potential for things like online deeds of ownership, bearer bonds, etc. what I find really weird is that hardly anyone really knows anything about bitcoin - really, when they think of namecoin they're really talking about namecoins d/ namespace.
@_date: 2014-04-03 08:04:38
My iPhone likes to cut itself at night sometimes
Usually it's after when I use my android to get on my Bitcoin wallet
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:18:21
Please tip me.
@_date: 2014-03-31 21:49:46
I don't think the real advantage is anonymous prescriptions. That's a terrible idea. What the blockchain could facilitate, however, is track supply chain from manufacturer to consumer with unforgeable, non-counterfeitable bills of receipt, and at the retail level, digital prescriptions with the patients name embedded in the prescription for easy identification. You can take it even further by requiring patients to have unique 'patient certificates', which are embedded in the prescriptions themselves as an additional security measure.
I actually know of an upcoming altcoin, to be release within a month or so which will be able to implement this functionality.  It's got several other services already complete, including a distributed marketplace to sell/buy any kind of product.  The certificate issuance system is generic enough to easily accommodate the use case I've described above. The codebase is about a week away from completion from what I hear. I'm looking forward to playing with it myself as the promise of seeing more useful services implemented on the blockchain is pretty exciting to me. 
Edit: non-counterfeitable
@_date: 2014-04-01 16:02:41
One-sided conversation is one-sided. Either you think the tech has merit enough to experiment with, or you don't.
@_date: 2014-04-02 03:06:35
The service itself isn't tied to any one use case. It's not medical-specific at all. It's a generic certificate issuance system, with the concept of a 'certificate issuer' and 'certificates'.  Anyone may register as a 'certificate issuer'. Once someone has registered as a certificate issuer, they may generate and send certificates to anyone on the network. The use cases are myriad - prescriptions are just one out of many examples for how one could use the feature.
The project came about because the devs got tired of of waiting for people to release innovative projects which make intelligent use of Bitcoin technology, past it's use as a currency. The lead dev is a long-time friend and has been working on the project for four months now: a scrypt-based, merge mineable altcoin with all of namecoins features + all of datacoins features + a distributed generic marketplace + a distributed certificate issuance system. I think it's pretty neat :). And yes, I guess I'm doing a bit of pre-launch marketing but I can't help . Thanks for your message!
@_date: 2014-10-16 17:48:12
To be clear - your silence on this matter and non-response to our queries constitutes further evidence of your intent to defraud and only weakens your position in court. If you are, as you claim, trained in law (which at this point seems as farcical to me as your ability to manage moolah without running it to the ground) then surely you realize that your silence only acts to further implicate you.  Please realize that all your online actions are being tracked and recorded at the moment and relevant evidence is being compiled and forwarded to both our lawyers in the U.K. as well as the relevant U.K. authorities.  This is one matter you will not easily divest yourself from no matter how hard you try to ignore it. We have the funds necessary for a legal battle and will not, as I am sure you're hoping, relent on this matter.
@_date: 2014-10-20 15:47:17


I have been working on implementing Truthcoin's PMs within Syscoin for a while. I've been a big fan of Paul's work since i found it online a couple months back.
@_date: 2016-11-07 23:41:15
GL! 
@_date: 2016-10-18 23:34:28
That's OK, Trump has promised we'll be "Strong on cyber" whatever the hell that means
/s because apparently people can't tell
@_date: 2016-10-23 00:31:30
GHINA 
@_date: 2017-05-12 19:28:47
Came here to say this. That's absolutely right. Your laptop cost $202 at the time. With your rationale, one could also easily say your laptop cost you $2 at 2012 prices, and maybe you should tell yourself that instead so you feel better. Where you went wrong is you didn't buy back more BTC after your purchase. 
@_date: 2019-05-21 17:08:06
Hey Craig Wright, how about signing s message using a private key from one of your early generates? If you do I'll give you 100% of my holdings, which I've been stacking for a while now.
  
But you can't. Because you're a lying piece of shit with zero integrity. You're literally a parasite. You can't prove a damn thing you claim using a technology YOU supposedly created. Its so pathetic.
  
This latest copyright claim truly reveals your desperation, Craig. The truth is that you'll never ever prove your claims honestly, because you CAN'T. You are a sad, small man. Nobody will ever respect you the way you desperately want them to.
  
We've all been laughing behind your back for some time now. Thanks for giving us a hilarious reason to laugh in your face, 'Satoshi'
@_date: 2013-12-03 07:12:56
Thank you for the tip! Done. My email to them:
Hello Wikipedia,
I have been an avid fan and voracious reader of Wikipedia ever since your inception - you are the website which, by far, has been the primary source of knowledge discovery for me since you were created. I cannot thank you enough for all the fascinating evenings that I've spent reading and learning.
Now I'd like to give something back to you, but I can't give you usd, as I refuse to feed the trolls at credit card companies, banks, and PayPal. Besides, inflation eats into my usd like termites on a New Orleans house, so I have to spend it fast or work really hard on investing it to see a decent return!
What I can and will give, however, is bitcoin. I'm a nerd and I have a nice bitcoin purse. Being a nerd is cool. That's how I learned about bitcoin. Also, Bitcoin is cool. You can convert it to usd instantaneously, or maybe hold on to a few and see if they're worth more in a year, just for fun. Your choice!
However, I cannot find a link on your website anywhere that will take me to your bitcoin address! Luckily, this is easily fixable. Just go to coinbase.com and sign up for an account. Then, post your bit coin address on yourself and, if you have time, email me back with it. 
I'll take it from there, Wikipedia! You are awesome. Thanks for being with me all these years.
Please accept bitcoin donations!
Your friend,
...