@_author: ssigismund
@_date: 2019-04-05 06:30:01
Imagine a brick labeled supreme being sold for 2k. Essentially this is bitcoin. It's only value is defined by community and it has no intrinsic value and/or unique features which would make it valuable by itself.  
It began as an alternative to traditional monetisation system but as soon as people realised they can make money with it it tumbled down. Now it is essentially a worthless gambling site.   
WHen you trade for example gold or wheath or whatever you know it is not worthless and market structures around how valuable it is projected to be.   
@_date: 2019-04-05 07:02:21
There is no guarantee in bitcoin value because it has no intrinsic qualities that would argue for it. It is just an elaborate pyramid scheme where the buyer depends only on other owners buyers and sellers for the coin to not be labeled totally worthless.   
This is also the reason it cannot hold a set value. Every smart individiual in the world sold majority of the gain during the 15k and left only a small amount for the "what if" moment. 
@_date: 2019-04-04 20:45:48
Ironically Nietzsche would define bitcoin as the most dire consequence of "negative" nihilism - a virtual item without any real value which is defined by the hyperreal reality and is only valuable if thought of as valued. 
It is the very definition of the "real world" he despises so much. 
@_date: 2019-04-03 17:44:49
Calling it going to the moon when in reality the ship went to the moon atmosphere already, exploded and fell back to earth so hard it went straight into lava.
And now when this wreckage finally climbed out of lava onto volcanic rock somehow this is the moon now?
@_date: 2019-04-04 06:47:35
Wrong on every level.
Lets address the slippery slope - if something happens n time that is never an argument for it happening the xth time. Without actually providing an argument why it happened n times. 
I am developing a "hype theory" where I argue that for the first time in history we have to deal with a fictional blown up overvalued items on the market. Good example of this is bitcoin in general - its value is not established (it is too volatile to be used as a transaction method and blockchain technology is not its unique feature) but it still gets overvalued by the hype. 
But hype is extremely volatile itself. As fast as something can blow up it can die down. Because the value created by hype is not real value of the product the value created by hype cannot be sustained. 
And banks are not "looking into it". That is false. Banks constantly invest in what we can call high risk high reward investments where a chance for  investment to be returned is very low. They invest in a bunch of such investments banking that one of them will work out and pay for every failed one. 
That does not mean that for banks this is a sure deal. In fact if you look into how little money banks invested into crypto it shows exactly the opposite. 
Hype generates hype. There is a chance that it balloons again but I would argue that every time the bubble is created and bursts the ability for the product to generate hype is lessened. I argued years ago that bitcoin being marketed as a way to "earn big" is the wrong way to go about it. Because when you promise the masses to earn and they lose money on it ... the amount of people willing to invest the next time will be smaller each time it happens. 
The fact is - bitcoin as an item on the market is totally worthless at the moment. It has no selling points that would argue for its value, rather than the hype it creates. Because of its volatility it cannot be used as a trading tool and blockchain is not unique to it. 
@_date: 2019-04-05 06:41:59
lol 7k. about to drop to 3. 