@_author: sskhan
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:00:10
More like Dear John: Take this shit of advice..
@_date: 2014-08-08 17:26:18
You could sell it locally...  helloo.. all they need is there phone to except it.... 
@_date: 2014-06-27 16:40:35
Since u mention student. I was at ur position at one time. My advice to u  for long term saving generate a offline wallet address which means ur computer is not connected to Internet. There is software that generates offline address through mouse clicks.. considering truly random. Now that u have the wallet.dat which has offline wallet send ur long term saving to that address. U don't have to log in to that wallet until ur ready to spend. Remember bitcoin has front end and back end security. Offline wallet ensures u have both 100%.
@_date: 2014-06-27 13:20:02
I still don't understand. Suppose Alice is lies and try to get her coin back even though she send it to buy something or what she is not lying but Bob pretends that she has bought some thing and don't want to process the return who gets the end vote. No mater how much crypt analysis of block chain u can do u can identify who is really lies.
@_date: 2014-07-11 09:47:16
Local bitcoin service. I don't think there is one that is good because not a lot of people in pakistan know about bitcoin. Are u pakistani?
@_date: 2014-06-27 14:14:35
Processing fee should be an option. I think also there should be claim request kinda. That make sense. CLAIM request could have more details. I don't think Bob And If He Is A Hacker Why IN THE World He would Return Those coin. BOB WOULD JUST MOVE HIS COIN AND say fuck Alice....ignore request claim.. if you Are aiming this protocol for bitch ass nigas like knc  who has recently fuck over there customers then yes. I also think there should be a recovery mechanism to recover lost walet.dats. Came to a conclusion currently not possible. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 13:33:21
Really interesting.... would be looking forward to see the development discussion. ...
@_date: 2014-08-16 16:59:04
Problems are found in every financial system invented by man kind so far.    You rather belive a third party or bitcoin the new payment system with least cost to the consumer and business. Now I believe when banks were settling in to our economy system they were frowned upon. I thinks that's why we have a lot of Jewish people missing from our society.  They control the money and they were rich but couldn't protect them self because of the religion and then Hitler convinced everyone that they are the reason world is in shit hole and started murkin them. Whatever the history is they survived or few survived (lol joke some people say Zionist where the ppl funding the war .. lol again no facts.. other say zionism was the result of what Hitler did.. who knows). End up I emerging as the rich bank owner who owned European banks. Regardless of the who they were what they did but they developed the banking system we know and some hate..except elite few which are benefit from this. NOW HERE comes but coin I am not going in detail on the system implementation because previous comments have answered some resolution to some misinformation u provided. although i will add one thing...Yeh there is money thrown in the system again it's thrown by public businesses not by one rich family who is so rich that money can feed there 7 generations and they still won't run out. Since the beginning of time rich investors who invented or invested in banking system or better yet have given permission to set up banks have kept the wealth within there families which is denotes to 1% of the people in the world. Bitcoin has spread its wealth arround. I really do belive people to see bitcoin as future payment have to be educated and know what they are doing if the current system stays. But i also see our history technology have provided us with inovations and use of this technology had nothing to do with its implementation. A person using the internet today dont really need to know how it works.. it just does...when bitcoin would be presived as that is when this decentralize system has proven it self.. and it has the biggiest 2 pillar that no banking system ever had.. 1) block chain.. 2) freedom to be anonymous or transparent.. all other thinks such as low fees, security are good to but in they future they would be considered as nature. Bitcoin forever would have greatest blockchain security.. and give rise to other inovation..  I just gradutated from college.. i did my graduation paper on bitcoin basically learned while i was doing my paper... mining was to late for me lol investment issue lol.. Since i was computer scince major i really didnt know economics.. i am still learning.... Satoshi in my book was the futuristic Einstein but I guess he had more anonymity than Einstein did.. Einstein was central .. old world.. got fucked up for saying shit...lol Satoshi is decentralized. ..... new inovation....new world .. we are satoshi.. no central power can kill u.. if they dont know who u are.... example of program.. look at napster and inovation from napster.... bittorrent..
@_date: 2014-06-30 05:26:09
Retarded