@_author: ssssssssssmore10
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:01:38
Thanks to you I have signed up for ChangeTip and set up an online wallet at Coinbase. The only experience I have had with Bitcoins was when my friend bought some things off SilkRoad a few years ago when it was still new.
It's exciting to know that I have some of my own Bitcoins now and that I could potentially invest in the future of currency and be on the forefront of this technology that will surely only gain more traction and value. It's an exciting time to be alive with the internet changing everything and hopefully Bitcoin can lead the online currencies charge and make people realize that the outdated bank system is well outdated.
Thanks again !!!
@_date: 2014-11-12 18:04:20
No, thank you! Without your generosity who knows when I would have started my journey. Thanks for helping me take the first step. :)
@_date: 2014-11-13 03:34:19
I do appreciate the concern. I'm new to Bitcoins but not a complete newbie lol so I do realize it's only miniscule parts of a Bitcoin like change pretty much. But seeing as how the exchange rate for Bitcoins is always fluctuating I could sell high once I collect or receive enough.
Just signing up for a virtual wallet at Coinbase they gave me a free Bitcoin. So while I only really have about $1.50ish in Bitcoins it's still a start. It's amazing to see people like this to give out Bitcoins even if it's only bits but what they are doing is causing this currency to be circulated by more people, thus getting more people to be interested in selling and purchasing Bitcoins all while being extremely generous to different community.
This is not only going to help the Bitcoin economy but also it's a chance for people like me or whoever else knows about Bitcoin to be on the front of a clearly up-and-coming currency. Printing money and having physical coins seems outdated and it sort of is, so having electronic currency seems like the next logical sort of "fix" to that problem. It may not happen for another 10 years or even 20 years for Bitcoin to become mainstream where it is accepted everywhere but hopefully by that time I would have saved up enough Bitcoins and bits to where I actually have some value with them.
Just my two cents, or should I say my 50 bits :p