@_author: ssssigismund
@_date: 2019-04-20 11:58:44
I feel like my words are completely ineffective. I am not saying that there is no reason for banks, I am saying that within the realm of capitalism which dictates the existence of bank-like structures as its fundamental support structures ... the whole banks problem repeats itself in crypto.
And if we reject banks ... crypto loses its power. Try to reread my Amazon example - Amazon needs banks to be as efficient as possible in their handling of capital ...
@_date: 2019-04-14 07:31:16
People who claim this a police state action and whatever obviously never read a law book in their life. THe reality of the situation is that internet, when it becomes a massive space, cannot not be defined as public space. And as such falls under every law that is in effect in public space.   
Being able to track transactions is a very effective way to prevent and punish criminal actions. It is only a matter of time something like that would be implemented in a modern society.
@_date: 2019-04-20 09:48:29
A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved.
@_date: 2019-04-15 11:15:04
A lot could be done if people were actually willing to take action for what they believe in.
@_date: 2019-04-06 18:19:21
No logic behind it. Just charts and a lucky guy who got one thing right. 
@_date: 2019-04-28 07:01:11
 Yes what you are saying is that there is nothing within the money itself, it is always in relation to the tradeable items and its obtainability.
@_date: 2019-04-24 19:20:43
Are we trying to debate whether jp is rich?
@_date: 2019-04-20 06:57:15
Real money is not a very good differentia specifica - being the money that is "real", that is widely adopted and used. Money is a store of value. And anything can be a store of value. So I don't disagree that bitcoin can be real money, because it is a store of value.   
However if we accept banks there is little reason for crypto to exist. It's main argument is to be as an alternative to banks. If we keep banks it is better they develop their own systems of advanced electronic transactions.   
But that also means sources of power, transfer fees, etc. So every argument for crypto falls flat if we establish banks that control the value itself (indirectly off course). I do believe banks are necessary though and there will be no revolution in crypto but an evolution - just like a credit card.
@_date: 2019-04-16 10:39:22
I have not seen it is not impossible to hide coins but that saying it is not yours wont work.
@_date: 2019-04-22 07:48:22
this same logic where populus claims to know more than experts is at fault for brexit and for trump.
@_date: 2019-04-07 11:43:56
No that is a fact. If fiat deflates the bitcoin deflates as well in current situation. 
the other thing is badly worded - what I meant is that bitcoin does not have value as bitcoin, it has value as a trading option for dollars for example. You cannot even use it as a trading option in everyday life. 
@_date: 2019-04-07 11:15:26
I agree however you have to take my post into context. I responded to a video that suggests that bitcoin value is in being a supplement for fiat currency in time of crisis. 
That is what I do not agree with. Because bitcoin in "real world" serves only as a way to perform transactions (that is it acts as a placeholder for money)not as a real money ... it would crash as well. 
What I argue is that there is no inherent value in bitcoin right now. Simply because it is not being used as money. It has value but not in itself - it only has value as long as it can be transferred into money. If money is gone - bitcoin value is gone.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:51:03
Ah you meant that? Yes off course. But we are talking about coinmama and them tracking immediate actions of their users. Not about loops around the world
@_date: 2019-04-16 10:34:23
I have not argued that have I? But growth is exponential for a certain time until it reaches maximum potential. For his argument to be valid he needs to establish when and how maximum potential will be reached.
@_date: 2019-04-07 07:55:00
It was exactly Peter who said two things. 
First that he does not understand bitcoin he just trades it and second he never saw such a volatile item on the market.
Both of those support my comment. He treats bitcoin as a "normal" market item with a set value. For example gold has a real value not just market value. Oil has a real value and that value is what defines its price. Bitcoin has no real value. Not anymore. 
There were 2 points that defined bitcoin as valuable before. One was it is a decentralised currency and the other are low fees. Both are long forgotten today. Bitcoin is so volatile because it acts as a supplement for hype on the market. 
It is exclusively defined by hype. And younger generations know full well how volatile hype is.  
I hope I am clear enough. I argue that there is a fundamental difference between a real item with real value and a virtual item with fictional value. Fictional item like bitcoin with fictional value does not have a defined value by itself, it's value is entirely in the hands of the buyers and sellers. 
And this is a huge difference. Traditional market exchange with gold or oil works on betting what its applicable value is - how much users are willing to pay to use it. That is not the case with bitcoin. Nobody is buying bitcoin to use it so its value has no set standard. Tat is why it can go to the moon and fall back to the earth lava.
Graphs normally show a trend of what the market thinks is the actual value of x item. I do not believe they are that reliable in case of bitcoin. Because the underlying logic of how it works is fundamentally different. 
I do not believe bitcoin will ever again exceed 10k mark, and I would argue that in few years its value will drop to hundreds. Because it is solely defined with hype. And everytime its value drops the amount of people that are willing to bet it will rise is smaller.
NOW it would be very different if bitcoin actually gained some applicable value. Right now with its volatility it cannot be used as a trading currency. 
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:38:25
The thing is - darknet will never be globally adopted. 
Dude do you really believe you are smarter that the people they draft? How can you be so ignorant to think that "they have no idea". They had no idea 10 or 20 years ago but today on their advisory boards sit leading experts.
@_date: 2019-04-26 10:45:24
There is no idea behind bitcoin. The greed of bitcoiners (so those who allegedly support the idea) made it a fictional market item with no real value.
@_date: 2019-04-20 16:15:33
Believe me I am not a troll although I understand how my statements might seem a bit trollish?
I am willing to admit that you have a point. If we go deep enough we can say that every step any human takes in the world is sorta revolutionary - because it changes the reality itself. 
However when I said that crypto and internet are not revolutionary I had a specific definition of revolution in mind which is best described in Jungers book "The Worker" where he argues that every revolution in history that described itself as worker revolution was in fact done within the same logic with which the ruling class operates and therefore was doomed from beginning.
I see the same logic both in the internet "revolution" and crypto world. Before you downvote me let me explain. The question that is central for philosophy today is whether the virtual defines the internet (as this virtual space) or the internet (and its technology) defines the virtual. It is a complex question but to my mind the answer is the first. It is not that people are lazy because of the internet, but because they are lazy they use internet as a tool to be even more lazy. Off course like every other question that deals with the virtual it is circular ... the internet even though it is only a tool also works as a means and produces more lazy people. 
Anyway the same logic can be used with crypto. I do not see it being any different in its realisation than fiat money because it follows the same logic - it willingly acts as the tool of capitalism (or if you want will to power). The only difference is who owns it. But as shown time and time again will to power always finds a way to facilitate itself in the most effective way. The moment we start using the same logic capitalism based on fiat money uses - its insatiable urge to produce - it necessarily becomes what it defies. So the revolution is actually just an evolution - it dethrones the less effective ways to become even more effective ...
However this is not the time or the place to have this debate. On the topic of how internet impacts our reality - is it not that reddit is the very place where we are supposed to debate but its structure does not allow for deep debates.
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:15:17
I would say that somehing revolutionary would be what drastically changes the reality itself. 
Now what internet actually changed? To me it only pushed already established logic of real to its extremes.
@_date: 2019-04-24 14:26:32
JP would like to have a word with you about your safe investment :)
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:11:01
No. Laws are complex because they have to encompass every possible event. And it takes a certain skill to interpret them. 
Within 10 years I can assure you that internet will follow the same restrictions that hold true for what we call public space. Including the internet police. All in the name of security. Online and offline. 
Right now we are in the grey area where we use same foundations that were introduced in roman times or even greek times. This will get fixed and I do believe that EU is genuinely scared of the potential internet anonymity gives to criminals. That is why they are pushing so hard with the new laws that are the first package of what will transit into internet =public space. Net neutrality, anti fraud ... are just the first package.
@_date: 2019-04-08 09:43:58
Bitcoin is so small it will have no impact on global market. I don't know why you insist on this seperation of bitcoin from dollar even though bitcoin has no real value in todays transactions - it is instantly converted into dollars and not stored as bitcoin. 
If the catastrophic event happens everything goes down. Bitcoin is defined as dollar not as bitcoin. If dollar deflates the market is not adapted to bitcoin. Therefore it too becomes worthless. I do not see any other way honestly. 
@_date: 2019-04-17 06:31:28
Hmm where to start. Universal right to suffrage in our age where people are both lazy and unwilling to educate themselves becomes a hopeless farce where morons turn elections into reality tv show.   
SO while I am for democracy I am not sure it is the best option right now.  
I do believe that representatives voting on these kinds of things is the most effective way to carry out democracy in an apolitical era. Off course the power has to be controlled though.
@_date: 2019-04-15 08:27:26
:) I meant what it means to you. Do you really believe it is a control center from which they control us?
Or is it a democratically established institution which aims to preserve democracy and our way of living.
@_date: 2019-04-08 16:07:51
They are people who are making money and buying lambos because they are doing the right thing - buying when its low and selling when its high. 
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:09:58
What is revolutionised in it? 
For example when Galileo introduced the idea of the earth spinning around the sun it revolutionised the reality itself. What was revolutionised by internet? When you receive mail you get a letter with content. When you recieve email - you get a letter with content.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:57:12
Darknet will never be globally adopted because its own existence is defined by anonymity. For example authorities can easily block any legal transaction being made by the darknet - therefore ensuring it is not globally adopted. I think. Depends on the global adoption definition. 
And why would they not employ experts ? :)
@_date: 2019-04-16 10:41:14
Are you retarded?
How the fuck do you compare growth of internet whose usability was apparent almost instantly to an obscure coin which has troubles even retaining value to the extent it could be used as a coin.
@_date: 2019-04-24 16:18:01
You really have to realize how small and insignificant bitcoin is. They are afraid of what? A few geeks trading their lunch money. 
Until people like JP come into play ... bitcoin is worthless in global scale.
And I actually think this is one of the main reasons why they are withholding. They realize that by entering the bitcoin market they would introduce so much capital to bitcoin that they cannot predict its movement. Overnight bitcoin reality will change.
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:28:38
No. They consider it as relevant (for the first time ... ).
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:33:03
It is so easy to enforce ID checks on bitcoin - you block every transaction done in a public space (every shop, caffee ... ) that is not done with from an ID checked account. That way you limit crypto to black market only.
@_date: 2019-04-06 18:24:02
I am actually getting tilted by this. Are you a troll? There is no logic, no argument even behind what you are saying. You are using historical data to trade such a volatile item? You have to find correlations, try to understand why the market behaves like it does not just say... I am going to the moon see you later boys!
@_date: 2019-04-27 04:32:55
And in the time it gets to the other person its 1.9% lower. You cannot argue for a transfer value off a such a volatile market item.   
I am not saying it has no value, just that its value is not tied to his unique properties that make it usable.
@_date: 2019-04-16 10:56:38




Anti fraud laws for example
@_date: 2019-04-15 07:11:32
I would argue these books and more importantly movies started a paranoia that made people unable to discern with evil government as entity that seeks control and government that is ensuring the safety of their citizens (also through means of possible control).
@_date: 2019-04-20 06:01:42
This is one of the most common barriers in debates between crypto supporters and theoretics. I feel crypto proponents fail to realize that banks do not store money because that would be some evil conspiracy but because it is in the nature of the capital itself that it has to be invested and contrary to popular belief in the best interest of the money owner (customer) itself as well. 
To use the example - if amazon cuts banks out they are actually losing a lot of capital. If they store huge amounts of real money in crypto form and have it ready on payment day to pay their employees they are losing money. The same logic applies to banks.
@_date: 2019-04-20 05:33:12
Using your own example ... What exactly did internet revolutionise? Everything is the same just more efficient. That is not a revolution but an evolution of processes that were already in motion before internet exploded. (Global market, international trade ... )
So your own example actually supports the other posters idea that what crypyo will become is an evolutionised version of money not some insane new way of doing things. 
Contrary to popular belief for example banks are not operating with limited funds because of some evil conspiracy but because of the intrinsic properties of how capital moves. I want to see how a company like amazon survives payday with crypto without banks handling the distribution of funds ...
@_date: 2019-04-07 09:01:39
I am not saying that my friend. 
Lets say market crashes like it is predicted in the video. Dollar is worth pennies. What will happen with bitcoin?   
At the moment there are very few if any places that accept bitcoin as bitcoin. Because of its volatility practically no business can afford to accept bitcoin. Some do accept bitcoin as a from of payment but those payments are instantly traded for dollars the moment transaction is made. Even bitcoin value is defined by traditional fiat currencies.   
Now imagine the market crashes. Bitcoin has no established way to suddenly become money. It is valuable but it is not money. I cannot go anywhere to pay for bread in bitcoin.   
So because it is only used as a transactional value for fiat it will become worthless if fiat crashes.   
understandable? Early + 3rd english :) 
@_date: 2019-04-16 06:41:27
The best example of how failed the idea of direct democracy is is Brexit. I am all for the idea of people who know what the fck they are doing electing people who they trust. Again there has to be more control but that is much better solution than Joe voting on renewable sources of energy.
@_date: 2019-04-09 08:23:13
In the example of Euro I was just trying to illustrate what I believe is defined as "money" - an item that is widely regarded as valuable by itself, not as a, as you currently put it, medium of exchange. Yes in the end all money is a medium of exchange - but it is a medium of value not a medium of money. I hope I am making these distinctions clear enough :).   
When we compare gold value and bitcoin value in a crash we have to keep in mind that gold will always be somewhat valuable. Even if dollar drops there will still be customers that want gold for its usability.   
However bitcoin is totally dependable on current money to be valuable. 1 BTC is worthless - only 1 BTC that is 5xxx € is valuable.   
I do not see it rebounding because there is no infrastructure available for it to do so. The only way it could rebound is if there were payments in btc available everywhere before the crash. After the crash it would be even harder to invest into infrastructure needed than it is right now because - nobody would have money to do so :)
@_date: 2019-04-16 06:21:31
Off course it does that is why there should be a more effective control in place to prevent that.
@_date: 2019-04-15 07:40:54
What? That makes no sense. If the whole world thinks eggs are useless - they are useless. Its value is derived from the fact that they are not useless. You can imagine a possible world where people do not value life and therefore do not value eggs. But this is theoretical.  
Gold as a shiny rare element has an intrinsic value in our possible world. Just like our world value life - it value shiny objects. Would gold be value at 20€+/g if it was deemed useless on the market? Hell no. But jewelers and rich ladies would still be willing to buy its - therefore intrinsic value. It being a shiny rock means its properties are what we think is valuable.  
Bitcoin has no intrinsic value because its properties have no value by itself. It is useless when it is deemed useless by the market. If bitcoin was a useful way to make transactions it would have intrinsic value - its properties would make it valuable.
@_date: 2019-04-20 09:47:54
The problem I see with that is that majority of the crypto supporters see crypto as a way to replace bank system but banks are not what they fail to realise that banks only support the logic behind them. 
Hence my example with Amazon. It is in their best interest to use banks. Banks should be thought as a necessary service within the logic/realm of capitalism itself. So I think even in crypto world a service like that would be needed and established.
@_date: 2019-04-07 10:56:57
I am sorry you have to be more specific. I think I know what you mean but in order to structure a constructive debate it is important we understand each other as much as we can. 
@_date: 2019-04-23 16:03:18
So you just gave your girl a gamble on whether she has more or less in 24 hours. Is she an idiot? :)
@_date: 2019-04-08 09:53:12
I am not talking about an extinction level event but about a market crash. If dollars plummets so does bitcoin because nobody is trading bitcoins - everybody is trading dollars in bitcoin. 
I think good indication when currency is considered money is when you start thinking about everyday prices in said currency. When Europe adapted Euro we Europeans needed some time to adapt to "euro" prices - we would constantly convert euro to our current currency when buying stuff because the euro value was not established yet. 
I would argue that until that happened euro was only a transactional item, and the money was the old monetary system we used. Because we understood the old monetary system value - for example bread costs xxy schillings. Even though the price in the store is in euros every customer is converting euros to schillings because he does not have a feeling what is the value of euro. To us Euro at start was just a transactional item for schillings. 
@_date: 2019-04-23 12:42:03
This is where you are wrong. Economics were taught among "geisteswissenschaften" because people knew how closely tied economics are to both politics and human ego. 
From a scholar point of view - modern world is an incomprehensible mess. To not understand that politics is never just an evil machinery trying to get everything you have but mainly a way homo sapiens organised its community shows extreme naivety and poor education that I do think is very apparent in bitcoin community. 
Let me ask you. Do you have a PhD? The biggest problem internet introduced is overflow of information where everyone feels knows everything. 
This is the biggest problem with crypto investors. It's like Peterson trying to argue with marxist on Marx. Somehow these people think that banks are the problem. For a theorist banks are just a consequence of the system necessary consequence at that not the "root of all evil"
Theorist understands that bitcoin is at danger to be used/abused in the same way fiat money gets used. 
Exactly because crypto investors do not understand either politics or economics (in the sense of human redistribution of wealth) they advertise crypto as a change, as a revolution. Instead it is an evolution. 
As the world grows more ignorant we have to ask ourselves again what Kant asked the enlightenment era - are we, as a society developed enough, both in terms of education and reasoning, to govern ourselves.
When I read this subreddit the answer is a resounding no. Plato once said that the biggest problem is not a person that does not know, rather it is a person that does not know that he does not know. 
Every single argument presented for and against crypto was already discussed at length. But because of both ignorance and unwillingness to learn crypto investors are repeating the same mistakes. 
Brexit and Trump election are just 2 examples of how unready the public is to decide hard questions. 
And what is the difference between Trump supporter blindly believing that Trump will fix his life and crypto investor believing crypto will fix the banks? Both lack critical reasoning and vital information to make the decision. Because they don't have the time or the willingness to gather them. 
The reality is crypto does not solve bank problem for example. If anything it amplifies it.
@_date: 2019-04-15 11:09:54
Hmm ... the definition of value is that it is subjective. Nothing has value in itself. Because for something to hold value it has to be evaluated as valuable.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:41:43
The way exchanges think is "no matter what we do not want to be on the news as the main transaction company involved in the biggest child pornography ring ever" or "in the nuclear explosion in the middle of London".   
Can you imagine how that would look on the news? Off course they will track info. The best they can.
@_date: 2019-04-08 10:01:09
I would argue that this stands are not sign of adoption but of a popular demand. Until the stores actually store bitcoin and not just sell it the moment they get it for yen or dollar ... it is not a sign of adoption but of an aggressive marketing strategy trying to offer as many payment to customers as possible. 
@_date: 2019-04-17 06:35:01
What ideas out of my ass?   
You are the one spewing puke all over this reddit. 
1.) darknet is globally adopted - how can black market be globally adopted? Is that not an oxymoron, moron?
2.)  Leading experts on bitcoin know nothing about bitcoin. I guess rocket scientists don't know shit about rockets as well?
@_date: 2019-04-15 07:05:46
Either that or the higher ups know something about a real threat to EU that is not apparent to general public. Could it be they are pushing for more control because the terrorist threat is much more real and is growing and they feel they cannot contain it anymore?   
Now here is the question. A real question. How much of our privacy are we willing to entrust to our governments to keep our way of life? There is a general misconception of what people define as government.  Government is (at least I hope not) supposed to work for the people. Its not some evil entity that would seek control to control its citizens. Yeah we can start talking about conspiracy theories but until they are proven government should not apriori be thought off as having alternative agendas.
@_date: 2019-04-15 09:59:28
Wait have we not? Do we not have elections and power to counter them?
@_date: 2019-04-17 06:18:39
Honestly I am sorry but I cannot reply to this. You clearly lack any understanding of both the law and human nature.
@_date: 2019-04-10 11:57:42
I 100% agree with that. It is fascinating how much faith in humanity people still have with this new technology even though we have proven to "corrupt" every piece that we got our hands on. Consensus changes every time someone gains an edge. And I do not see that not happening with BTC or crypto in general.
@_date: 2019-04-07 08:11:11
Exactly this. As of now bitcoin is not a currency that is used as a form of payment but as a transactional item that acts as a a supplement for fiat currency.   
A video is actually retarded. Bitcoin as a currency is not valuable - dollars that you can convert bitcoin into are. 
@_date: 2019-04-27 04:29:33
Perhaps I wrote it strangely and I apologise. 
There is no idea anymore behind bitcoin. I do believe that by pushing bitcoin as this "simple way to get a lambo" there was done a major damage to the idea behind bitcoin itself. This has been done on 2 fronts.  
So even though there was an idea behind it ... when it entered the mass market the whole talk about blockchain stopped. The creators knew that for it to work it has to have unique properties that propel it as an exciting new item on the market.   
I am not saying that the market is fictional, but the item itself, the bitcoin is. Though I should have used the term "virtual". It is virtual because it does not have any unique properties that would make it enticing to invest into. When you invest into for example oil you are predicting that there will be a surge in oil demand and that would net you nice profit. In bitcoin the only thing you can predict is whether or not others would invest. Its a weird item because it is not sold as an end product ... that is why I define it as virtual. 
  
It has value, it just doesn't have "real value". By that I mean a fixed value that an end product like oil has.
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:49:45
We should revisit this topic in a couple of years when half the Europe is blown to pieces. I suspect the "evil governments of Europe" prevent at least one terrorist attack per week (hence the lone gunman are more successful - they are impossible to track because they do not work in recognizable patterns)   
You and every other proponent of personal freedom has to understand that in order for you to be free the state has to assure your freedom. Almost everyone on this subreddit fails to realize that without the state there is no freedom. Without taxes there is no army to defend your bitcoin.   
So you are dead wrong when you think that any form of income should not be taxable - tax is part of an agreement for you to give little to have something.
@_date: 2019-04-10 08:17:34
That is what I am trying to define. I do not think that money is virtual because it is representation of value as defined by institutions that support it. 
BItcoin however is driven purely on hype and has no set value. And no institutions that would define it. Its value is totally dependent on other currencies, that might change but I doubt it will given its volatility.
@_date: 2019-04-09 12:22:30
No I have not studied money. My background is in philosophy and I am interested in bitcoin because I believe it is the perfect manifestation of what is called technical or what I try to think as virtual (where virtual is closely tied with hyperreal and hype). 
But exactly in this view the value of bitcoin becomes questionable. If it indeed is manifestation of virtual it's links with "reality" are coincidental and not necessary - which means it's only link with dollar is through hype - because people hype it as valuable it is valuable. Outside it does not exist. There is no intrinsic value to it and no institutional value (I think money is different because its value is established through institutions which are real) 
So you are correct. Is bitcoin store of value? Can it be store of value? I am unsure how to answer. 
I do not think bitcoin is useful but I do think it is practical. Major stores understand that there is a reasonable demand for such form of payment so they implement it however they use it as a medium as well. Every payment is done in dollars because of instant conversion. 
THat is the problem. Or the question.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:45:02
What are you doing? That is why I am flipping out. People with IT background are unable to think about human aspect of the x. Do you think law enforcements will care who owned bitcoin? They just want to know where it came from, who paid for whatever
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:01:58
Mate, by definition it is a store of value. And it does retain purchasing power. Paper by itself is worhtless, because it represents value, therefore it is a store of value, it gains its worth.
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:50:15
I gotta say ... you have to stop eating marshmallows. It makes your brain all marshmallowy.
@_date: 2019-04-15 06:27:37
How is public space not the domain of imagination, of thought, of ideas? :)   
Have you tried to withdraw a couple of thousands from bank lately? In EU you have to arrange the meeting to withdraw your own funds in advance. Due to the same package of anti money laundering laws.   
The problem you and others have is that you defined state as an oppressive institution out to get you. However I do think that laws like that do have merit, especially if their is a proven success behind them.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:00:52
Exchange will track the coins to cover their asses - in case of unlawful action by the exchanger.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:46:31
I understand that. But the same is done by laundering money and it is pretty hard to do it.
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:11:53
Like I said. I am sticking to definitions. Money is valuable only because it has an agreed value. Therefore it stores value.
Let me give you an example. Money is basically what 2 farmers agree is a value of chicken that they just traded.
@_date: 2019-04-06 18:27:06
You just said 2 things. One is that you do not value or believe in bitcoin (so the moment it skyrockets you will sell it) and the other is that you believe in bitcoin as decentralised yadayada.   
Which one is it? The question I have for most bitcoin owners is whether they think that the tech itself is valuable. Because if it isn't ... you are playing a lottery where instead of betting on winning numbers you are betting on how many others will see bitcoin as valuable. But at the same time you do not believe in its value. 
@_date: 2019-04-20 10:21:42
Dude learn basics. I cant do it anymore.
@_date: 2019-04-15 07:06:12
Can I stop you a bit? What is Brussels?
@_date: 2019-04-08 09:46:59
Gold is a valuable asset by itself - even if the market defines gold as less valuable or worthless there is still a jewler and a popstar willing to pay you for gold. I forgot what this is called in english but gold cannot be worhtless because its properties make it valuable. 
Bitcoin on the other hand is worthless. As of now it has no other "real" value other than as a trading item. 
@_date: 2019-04-27 05:32:38
Let me start by saying I do not own any BTC because I do believe that it is the most potent will to power created by men that will empower not the individual but the structure itself. I do not support it because I see it as an evolution rather than a revolution.   
One good indicator of that is the whole "buying a lambo". The moment it became profitable almost everyone on this subreddit started dreaming about making it. You can see how the idea of success devaluates everything BTC stood for.   
People in 21st century think that control is an option, that absolute freedom is the opposite. But it is not so. You could clearly see that with BTC. The moment it became valuable the masses forgot about its value, the "why" it stands for and today it just serves as a moral and argumentative ground as to "why bitcoin".   
Even "HODL" is problematic in that way.  
People forget. Control is needed. It might sound a bit scary but the fact is that in 2019 where Trump is president and UK is leaving Europe ... we have more than enough example of how dumb and misguided in their own ideals the masses are.   
Now to bring the point about banks. Banks are what constitutes the instrinsic value of money. Sure, this piece of paper has no value but its value is backed up by the bank that signed it. Contrary to the btc which is purely driven by hype, fiat money is backed up by the banks and can somewhat be even rescued. Sure there are crysis like Venezuela, Argentina, etc. but there are also example of Italy and Greece where it was exactly the value of banks that kept the money valuable.
@_date: 2019-04-15 07:53:33
This I think is wrong. Comparing bitcoin to stock is wrong because with stocks you can deduce if it will go up or down. For example oil can be somewhat predictable. Because the question is are people willing to buy it at a set price.
For bitcoin it is different. 
Never compare stocks to coins
@_date: 2019-04-24 13:33:13
" are increasingly at risk of missing out due to their own reluctance to jump into the cryptocurrency market.  "
That is one of the most ignorant sentences I read this week. People that make bank everyday know what the fuck they are doing. They are reluctant because unlike a random bitcoin lambo wanting peasant that is willing to risk a lot to get a lot ... they do not see the value in such a high risk trades.
It is completely normal for someone who already has a lot to not get into bitcoin. Bitcoin is essentially a gamlbing site where you gamble on hype. Whether the next guy is willing to invest more.  
IF anything every bitcoin investor should take a look into reasoning JP has decided to not invest (yet). It shows that they think that the risk is simply not worth the potential return.
@_date: 2019-05-09 06:18:47
Heh, you guys.   
The thing is he knows its a terrible deal. But he wants it to be done with and he wants to enjoy his time with his  son, save him the court and other legal shit he would have to go through would they battle for custody.   
In view of that him paying her off is the best deal for him and his son. If you can't see that you are the one who is blinded
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:23:33
1.) The predominant definition of banks as evil, of the understanding of gov. etc. lead me to believe that their is little knowledge behind these claims. Authors like Marx, Nietzsche, Junger are necessary to understand the way human functions and not understanding their work will lead to an evolution that would empower the capital even more.
2,) at work, will try to give it a listen later
3.) what is this "symptom we currently have". THe logic behind it is that the money itself gains value by being invested - that is the logic behind bitcoin at its current stage as well.
@_date: 2019-05-05 09:43:58
Realistically he is a moron. He invested everything like a Joe that now sleeps under the bridge. Does him having the roll of dice make him a genius somehow? No he is still the same moron. Just the rich moron.
@_date: 2019-05-09 09:02:11
True. But how do you respond to a guy like that? I had dealings like that in the past where a person would claim that I need ot know everything about a technological background to comment on financial aspect of bitcoin. People who have no idea about financial and "philo-sociological" aspect of economy use technological background to discredit a valid opinion on how bitcoin functions in society.
@_date: 2019-05-09 06:24:00
If the goverment fiat is destroyed bitcoin becomes as valuable as skins in a CS:go when Valve closes the servers
@_date: 2019-05-06 22:48:01
I am 100% sure that giving total control of money to general popolus is just about as bad as things can go. That would be downright catastrophic.
  
When Kant argued of the enlightenment of mind and that people do not need guardians anymore he was talking about time where everyone tried their best to understand. Modern era is somewhat pre-engligment. People do not invest any time into education and understanding - hence Trump, hence Brexit ... and yes ... hence these absolutely moronic ideas of "free uncontrolled money".   
If I was part of some secret orgranisation trying to take over world I would push for less control and watch these uneducated morons ruin every semblance of control that holds them in check. Bitcoing is the perfect tool for that.
@_date: 2019-05-08 11:56:47
While maybe not perfect near unreadable? Several people read it and are debating. So i guess it is readable?
What the guy tried to do is instead debating my points making them pointless because they are not written in perfect english. I wrote an essay on how impossible it is to argue with a person that counters you with "you mouth stinks" - this is the same example. Show me wgere my point is not understandable and i will expand on it no problem.
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:07:56
Thanks, like I said this is an opinion piece therefore there might be some unsupported/unbiased claims in it. 
1.) This is one of those unsupported claims. It is purely based on the feeling I got by both reading this subreddit and talking to early bitcoin users in person. 
Most of them agree on that the system is corrupt and think that bitcoin would fix it. Most believe that humans are in general good and not neutral and would be able to create a better world for themselves. Most have a very unfounded hatred toward both the goverment and the banks and share the tendency to either support or lean toward some kind of conspiracy theories. 
Like I said this is the feeling I got and is a general statement that could only be supported by gathering data. 
2.) I agree. However I argue that people either do not value financial sovereignty and would look to create  banklike structures that would function even "better" (that is more effective) than current banks or are not able to be financially sovereign. Both would create a catastrophic imbalance of power. 
I am not sure I follow your last statement, can you expand on that? 
3.) There is a reason Amazon does not create its own bank structure that would handle payments. They want their money to be constantly moving, to be invested, sitting in their bank accounts would lose value. This is my argument - it is in Amazons best interest to never handle large sums of money because sitting money is wasted money. They want it to be constantly moving and banks allow for that. 
4.) this is a general feeling loosely supported by the way virtual world and its users was seperated from the "real world". It is by no means an absolute claim
@_date: 2019-05-07 08:48:00
Lets play. I am at work so I have time :)I
" Global economy will tank, realestate values will tank, auto sales will tank, bitcoin will rise."  
Wrong. If everything tanks the value itself tanks. For example when most of the country is poor Titan X becomes a super luxurious item. What was once valued pretty low can become invaluable.   
The other problem is that bitcoin as a trading tool is always used with its conversion to dollar. You never pay for services in bitcoin - you pay in bitcoin coversion rate to dollar (since every store that offers bitcoin purchases just instantly trades bitcoin for dollars)   
So a scenario you describe is impossible. There is no infrastructure for mass adoption in time of crisis.
@_date: 2019-05-08 09:06:05
good arguments. gtfo you uneducated pos. I speak 4 languages and english is not even my 3rd.
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:55:36
Stop with this logic, it makes you look and sound dumb as fuck. Bankers are not some evil entities that on their own push for profit.   
I do not understand how people got that dumb. Well I know. Lack of classical education, overinvestment into computer sciences and general disregard for logic. Banks are not the root of all evil- they are the necessity of how capital that wants to be hoarded works. 
It is in very nature of capital. Banks did not find Bitfinex interesting to invest in and Bitfinex went and broke multiple laws to finance itself.How is that different from a robber robbing your house to finance his own venture? They both broke the law, both benefited on it ...
@_date: 2019-05-05 08:30:08
This is how our society functions. You see a few success stories but the news rarely show joe from the bridge that did the same stupidity with xcoin. Or with the new experimental drug that was going to cure cancer. Or marc that lost it all on a super profitable realtor deal ...
This is sort of a selfcensorship. People don't want to hear that their chances to suceeed are below one in a million. They want to be assured they will make it.
@_date: 2019-05-05 14:17:12
Talk to Joe about that when you see him begging for change. The problem is that the media create this idea that anyone can make it. But if you compare the amount of those who failed to those who made it ...
@_date: 2019-05-08 08:44:16
Ya but Hayek is what made this mess.
@_date: 2019-05-08 07:37:38
I agree. It is just a feeling I got from talking to bitcoin supporters here and elsewhere. There is a disconnect from reality that to me is apparent. However this is an opinion piece. You don't agree? By all means argue.
@_date: 2019-05-09 08:23:40
That is so simple- it is ran by the early users. They are the ones making bank, whoever joins now is "doomed" to max doubling the investment (IMO)