@_author: ssswca
@_date: 2014-05-02 03:41:52
If any of the options I mentioned are enabled, it's sending info to google related to those services (those options are in chromium as well as all versions of chrome). For the first three, that would usually include whatever you're searching for or visiting -- i.e. your history, basically. I don't know if google uses that metadata for anything other than those services, but obviously there are privacy and security concerns either way.
More here: 
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:07:18
Lolwut. Of all the big companies in the tech biz, you single out google for 'attacking the internet'? They've been on the right side of more issues than any other company.
@_date: 2014-03-09 07:35:36
are you fucking serious? 
=) LOL
@_date: 2014-05-05 20:06:23
Beck is only vaguely libertarian. Still, it explains his openness to btc, whereas most mainstream conservative or progressive commentators would take a more negative view by default. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:44:00


@_date: 2014-12-20 03:09:03
I really appreciate the nuance and depth of your arguments. Thank you.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:23:05
A leading cause. Not "the" leading cause.
So what's your counter argument?
@_date: 2014-07-03 20:46:02


If goldman didn't ruin the economy, someone else would have. The problem was/is the architecture of the current monetary system.
@_date: 2014-07-12 06:27:38
Many of us who support bitcoin have long supported the idea of private, competing currencies. Competing currencies would be preferable to centrally controlled national currencies, but BTC is even better because it's decentralized p2p. However, it's entirely possible we'll see a mix of different types of competing currencies, both with private issuers and decentralized p2p models. No one knows how this will all turn out because this is truly uncharted territory, but I think it's plausible btc and blockchain technology could provide a back bone on which all kinds of other things are built, including currencies that are backed by various assets or private issuers. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:52:39


FDIC is a leading cause of banking recklessness. 


Bitcoin can't be "turned into" digital fiat by a government. This makes no sense.
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:15:35
But is he saying that's how he thinks it should be, or simply stating that's the law under the constitution? 
I disagree with the notion that any state should regulate such things. And to answer your question: no, such regulation would not qualify as libertarianism.
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:17:01
What are your concerns specifically about it being a chrome app? Not only is this app open source, you install it directly w/o the need for the play store or any google involvement. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:39:31


Aww... Are you gonna be ok?
Do you honestly think Google wants phishing ads on adsense? I don't think you're living in reality if you think so. Sure, there are lots of criticisms that can be levied against Google and its business, but your claims are just foolish. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:42:22


I disagree. Most of the large scale mining is being done by people with custom hardware.
@_date: 2014-03-18 07:20:24
Huh? The NSA and CIA don't have jurisdiction over matters like this. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:18:32


I'd call him a flaming lunatic, but part of me thinks he's just a run of the mill naysaying contrarian attention-seeker troll who likes to make pretzel-like arguments.
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:34:14
In this case, the problem has nothing to do with negative incentives, but rather bad laws. The United States has an absurd number of nonviolent offenders in prison, and that is a direct result of the war on drugs and other draconian laws, most of which came into existence before the first private prisons. Even today, private prisons make up a pretty tiny portion of overall prisons.,
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:33:42
To many religious people, belief in evolution=disbelief in a creator, and that sort of dichotomy can skew poll results. However, I don't think the scientific fact of evolution disproves the possibility of a creator. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 03:56:31
Let me walk you through this.
I said it would be very surprising if satoshi was *not* an older person (40+). 
You mentioned einstein being 26 when he first published his theory of relativity, seemingly as a counterpoint to my assertion.
Do you agree with my premise, or disagree with it? Or, perhaps you're indifferent, in which case -- why are we having this discussion?
@_date: 2014-07-16 06:14:02
Yes, "cybersecurity" is the new pretense at the moment, rather than copyright/piracy.
@_date: 2014-09-22 18:47:07
Anarchism is a form of libertarianism. Socialist anarchism rejects property rights (but not "possessions"), as a means of dealing with the alleged problem of monopoly and excessive accumulation of resources. Capitalist anarchism contends that the absence of state power and state privilege, combined with the Lockean model of property rights obtained through homesteading, will prevent any long-term monopolization or excessive concentration of capital.
@_date: 2014-07-12 06:22:08
There has been a lot of overt anti-government sentiment in America in recent years, stemming from the disastrous wars, the bailouts, the NSA, all of the various scandals, the highly suspect monetary/economic policy, the attempts at gun control, NDAA, PIPA, SOPA, and countless other things I can't think of off the top of my head. If the gov't overreacts to bitcoin, it will look heavy handed and not only might that bolster and validate cryptos in the long run, it would only serve to increase anti-gov't attitudes in the short term. They might be quite concerned about btc and cryptos in general, but they might also recognize that the last thing they need is to look even more draconian, and that if they squeeze btc, it might drive things even more underground.  
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:22:34
I think the key feature for this to work is for people to reject the idea of taxation. That's really the social change that would have to happen to enable and achieve/maintain such a model. If taxation is viewed like all other theft, then the situation we have today can't occur. There could be other problems that occur under this type of model, but I think it would increases the odds of there being liberty and peace.
@_date: 2014-09-08 08:56:34
Well, don't assume everyone accepts the notion of information as property.
@_date: 2014-06-22 08:45:58
The Glass-Steagall provisions shouldn't be looked at in isolation. The mandated separation of commercial and investment banking was put in place at the same time as the FDIC, as part of the Banking Act of 1933. 
By repealing Glass-Steagall but not the FDIC, the government opened the door to the potential for considerably higher profits on the part of banks, while socializing the risk. Thus, what we're talking about is not deregulation, but re-calibrating regulation that already benefited the banks to benefit them a whole lot more.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:58:13


Your faux air of reasonableness just vanished. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 06:58:20
We North Americans are often perplexed by the grovelling, state worshiping behaviors of our Australian cousins. No doubt England is a nanny state as well, but somehow they don't come off nearly as much as lackeys. There's something about the typical attitude in Australia that is remarkably sheepish.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:07:42
A well articulated argument, indeed. Not only are you very convincing in delivery and prose, but you provide a lot of facts to support your assertions. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:47:30
It's not the least bit surprising, though. Politicians like debating wedge issues and conversing in one-liners.
BTW - I wonder if the OP would have worded the headline the same way if the people had been brown or black instead of white. Yeah that might be kind of offensive. 
@_date: 2014-04-24 20:18:05
"Darkmarket will be shut down just like silk road and that will be good when we can finally weed you people out."
You hard line right-wingers are tiresome. 
"it needs good regulation to stop the greed and theft and free market wild west bull crap that led to Mt. Gox"
Stealing is not part of a "free market". The coins were stolen from Gox by criminals. No one is advocating theft or negligence should be tolerated. Our society already has laws against theft, and recognizes civil culpability for negligence. No further laws are needed to address the gox problem. 
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:41:24
Thing is, 'anyone who can deliver' might as well just build machines and mine with them. What would be nice is if there was an open-source ASIC design
@_date: 2014-05-07 05:02:43
For-profit corporations are not the only type of private organization. Virtually everything governments do could be done by private, voluntary arrangement. I encourage you to look at the history of mutual aid societies, for example, which provided social security and welfare to workers before the welfare state.
Also, when talking about for-profit enterprises, don't forget that they have to balance cost savings against liability. Private buildings and infrastructure are routinely built above and beyond minimum standards, and the reason is twofold: a) to ensure safety and reduce liability b) to provide a better customer experience. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 08:22:05


Right... And I don't see how rent would not fall under that definition.


I don't recognize labor exploitation in the same way that you do, but I also certainly don't deny that various kinds of exploitation do take place in the context of labor. That said, I don't think profit is inherently exploitative. 




It depends entirely on the specific circumstances. 
Suppose an electrician, Jim, spends 30 years developing a reputation as the best electrician in town. His reputation is such that he can charge $75/hour for his labor. He becomes so popular that there are more requests for work than he can possibly fill. Suppose he decides to hire some help. His clients trust his judgment as to who is and isn't a good electrician, so although he won't be doing all the work himself, they're still willing to pay the same hourly rate to his company for a guarantee of equal quality service. 
Suppose Ian has been working as an electrician for 10 years, but he hasn't developed the same reputation as Jim, in part due to his relative lack of experience, and in part due to the fact that he only works part time as an electrician and also works as a software programmer. Accordingly, Ian is only able to charge $60/hour for his work. Now, Jim recognizes that Ian is an very skilled electrician, and offers to hire him to work under his company. Under this scenario, Jim is lending his reputation to Ian, and also providing his clients an assurance that any work done by Ian will be as good as work done by him. Instead of earning $60/hr on his own, Ian will now earn $70/hour working under Jim, using Jim's reputation. Jim will profit $5/hr off Ian's labor, but also takes on risk to his reputation, not to mention monetary risk if something goes wrong.
I do not consider this scenario to be the least bit exploitative, and it enables Ian to make more money than he could on his own, and it enables Jim to extract more value out of his own expertise than if he was simply performing as much labor as he could personally do.


I'm glad that we can highlight this as a clear point of contention. I don't agree with you, but it's helpful to understand your position. I have discussed this with anarcho communists and marxists online before, and most of the time we can never get down to specifics. I really appreciate being able to talk about this openly rather than playing the semantic word games so many people like to play. To be clear, my position is that private paramilitaries operating under the nonaggression principle are not a state. A state is aggressive, IMO.


The notion that people will not accumulate capital, will not obtain profits, and will not rent things seems entirely contrary to typical human desires and behavior. Other than by coercion, the only way ancap-like activities could be stopped under ancommunism is if most people fit the mold of "the marxian man."


I think what I was going to write was: Whereas ancaps and mutualists accept the idea that anything/everything would happen under anarchy (they have different expectations about what the final outcomes would be) many ancommunists seem to have the attitude that things would have to go *their* way, and anything else would be blasphemy. 


I'll just throw one example out there -- gentrification protests/vandalism. Granted this is a contemporary occurrence and we were talking about prodhoun and distant history, but nonetheless there is a strain of extreme hostility among some anarcho communists to even completely voluntary transactions that occur between third parties that don't conform to their vision of anarchist society.


I think a company like Intel pays a lot more in taxes than they get back in police security, and I find this to be one of the weakest fundamental assumptions of anarchocommunism. Certainly companies like Intel benefit from patent law, but I believe they could thrive (albeit with lower prices and smaller margins) in lieu of IP.


Again, I feel like this assumption is thrown out there like it's a law of thermodynamics, but I disagree with the premise. Grotesque profit margins likely couldn't exist without the state, but I haven't seen any evidence to suggest the state is required for slim profit margins to be possible. 


I'd like to discuss this more. I think the GPLv2 is pretty good, but how about no license at all? All of this talk of licensing revolves around intellectual property and the state. If there was no IP law, the GPLv3 or AGPL would be meaningless.
Also - What do you mean about cyanogenmod/flaws? Android has always been open... It's the Play store and google services that are proprietary. 


I don't see a problem with people keeping secrets. IP law allows people to have their cake and eat it too -- that is, to put something out in the public, but to have the state enforce rules about its use. Something that is kept secret and never released to the public doesn't require the state to enforce it.
@_date: 2014-09-10 06:26:16
I didn't say corporations were "public", I said corporations are creatures of the state, meaning they are legal entities created by the state, in relation to things that are going on in the private sector (i.e. businesses and companies). Something the original poster didn't mention is that private prisons are not productive businesses, they're just corporate entities paid for by tax dollars.
@_date: 2014-05-13 09:03:50
Does that mean you don't use Linux as your main desktop OS? I might have to withdraw my support for your candidacy! ;)
@_date: 2014-04-12 06:59:56
Your commentary is utterly sophomoric and loaded with specious arguments. 


This phenomenon is in no way unique to, or symptomatic of, free markets. Environmental damage caused by industrialization has taken place in every developed country, regardless of the specific economic or political model. There's nothing inherently environmentalist about government. Yes, a government institution like the EPA can do some good things, but so could organizations and institutions that aren't the product of a centralized, coercive state. As we can see with china today, the most totalizing government in the world doesn't give a rat's ass about the environment. I won't fault the chinese people for the situation because they live in a dictatorship, but in general whether or not the environment is taken care of depends on the society's values, not on the existence of a centralized, coercive government.


Why are you conflating environmental protections and "market constraints"? It's difficult to respond to this comment because there is no logical connection between the two ideas. You seem to be under the false impression that libertarians believe there should be no laws. This is simply not the case. Libertarians do believe in laws that are designed to counteract unwarranted aggression and infringements on people's rights. Dumping chemicals into the rivers and waterways harms other people directly. There's nothing un-libertarian about using law to prohibit the poisoning of others, whether such law comes from a minimal state, or from privately generated law.


No, not really. Many marxists today consider themselves to be libertarian socialists. 


Although I'm no proponent of communism, most communists will tell you that their vision has never been applied in the real world, and was instead always taken over by totalitarian maniacs (stalin, mao, etc). As for libertarianism, although it has also not existed in a "pure" form, the united states at different points in time was definitely very close to being libertarian (relatively speaking, given historical context) and during these times the fastest growth in living standards was witnessed.


This discussion isn't about the extremes of right or left, and to construe libertarianism and free markets as belonging to one side or the other is not going to give you an accurate understanding of what's being discussed.


Gun control is a pointless and ineffective policy. The majority of gun violence in the united states is gang/thug/drug related. Nearly all of this violence is committed using handguns, not tactical rifles or automatic weapons (despite the fact that it's easy to modify a standard rifle to fire automatic). People can already own military grade sniper rifles in most places in the u.s., and there is no epidemic of sniper rifle killings. 
The gun violence problem is entirely related to the gang problem, not any particular gun laws (or lack thereof). Mexico, which has strict gun control laws, has much worse gun violence problem than the united states, because its gang problem is much worse. Libertarians advocate ending the war on drugs as a means of defusing the gang epidemic. 


As mentioned before, most libertarians regard polluting the air and water with toxic chemicals as doing harm to others, and therefore most libertarians advocate various solutions to these problems. 


As an intermediate step, most libertarians advocate some kind of a voucher system for education, given the widespread failure of the public school system. In the long run, yes we would prefer to see government completely out of education, but the society would still establish certain laws related to the education of children.


Libertarians do not in anyway deny the existence of society, nor do they claim that people don't need to work together towards common goals. Libertarians believe strongly in *voluntary cooperation*, rather then coercion. 
Towards the end of the industrial revolution, it was the labor unions, not government that improved working conditions and wages. In those days, the labor movement knew that the state was not its friend, and it was in fact the state that oppressed workers on behalf of the employers. Sadly, by the time the progressive era rolled around, many in the labor movement forgot their free market roots, and decided to campaign for more government intervention in labor. It was at this time that the labor movement became what it once despised, using the power of the state to gain advantage. 


No, that's not the free market at all. Health care is one of the least free market industries in the united states. Insurance is one factor, and the government helps to make sure there is no competition in the insurance industry, by prohibiting competition across state and national lines. Now, with the ACA, the government has made matters even worse by mandating things like prescriptions be a part of all insurance policies.
The biggest problem, however, is the underlying cost of health care. Patent laws, out of control tort law, government-backed medical association monopolies, licensing monopolies, and many other factors contribute to the extremely high cost of medical care. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 05:55:57
Why don't you use google? Can't think of a single logical reason. I use no cookies, no web history, I'm never signed in to google, I'm always on a VPN, and I usually access it via encrypted.google.com. Please explain the privacy/security risk here. On top of all that, I highly doubt the servers of duckduckgo and startpage are more secure than google's against attacks. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:14:55


The term is able-bodied.
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:00:58
You're completely and utterly wrong. Inflation and a) money printing or b) low interest rates go hand in hand. Who is getting money from the gov't at 0 percent interest? Where is all this newly printed money flowing to? The banks. And what are they doing with it? Giving it to other wealthy people to speculate with. By the time the "credit" gets to you, it has 5, 10, 15, or 30 percent interest attached. 
@_date: 2014-06-27 01:09:46
 Good observation, and agreed. 
@_date: 2014-07-04 01:38:45
Aww are you gonna be ok kid? Maybe if you cry more it might help. 
What legislation, btw?
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:47:09


Gosh. How did hating gays come into the conversation? Libertarians are among the least likely people to "hate gays". Granted, in a libertarian society, a relatively small portion of people might enroll their children in schools that teach religious values, but those kids are already getting such 'education' at home today. Furthermore, very few churches out there preach anything that could be construed as "hate" against gays, so it's illogical to assume a large portion of religious schools would either. Whatever tiny portion of schools would ultimately teach kids to "hate" gays (the westboro baptist church school, maybe?), it would have no more impact on the wider society than such people already have today. If someone is going to send their kid to the westboro baptist school, you can bet they're already being taught to hate gays at home.


Libertarians support marijuana legalization, but parents will continue to teach their children whatever they want about drugs, and frankly it's probably best to encourage kids to avoid smoking anything.


Climate change is obviously a real issue, but there's also no question there are people with political motives who are using concerns over global warming as an excuse to implement their political vision (i.e. bigger government, more central planning, etc). Fox is not a particularly libertarian media outlet, nor is it a particularly good source of information.


Huh? Is this some allusion to the zimmerman case? If so, do keep in mind that "stand your ground" was not invoked in his defense, and was not discussed in the murder trial at all. This whole notion was a media fabrication. Whatever you think "stand your ground" actually means is probably not correct, and whatever you assume libertarians think about self-defense is probably also incorrect. 


Why the obsession with the kochs? They're one relatively small pair of billionaires out of the dozens of ultra-rich billionaires who have donated to mainline republican and democrat candidates for decades. If the libertarian party is a front for the kochs, I guess the dems and repubs are a front for the rest of the fortune 500.
@_date: 2014-07-19 06:26:24
Petulant troll is petulant.


Interfering in voluntary exchange between willing parties is, if not oppression, a form of repression.


They can enforce regulations on transactions that involve the traditional banking system, which, admittedly, will be a big part of BTC for the foreseeable future. They can't regulate anything to do with BTC outside of that.
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:00:30
Even if one believes some natural monopolies exist, telecommunications definitely don't qualify as that. As the technology improves to put new lines in the ground (think google fiber) and as cell networks become easier to deploy, it becomes even less so.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:55:32
Most of what governments spend money on has nothing to do with helping the poor, and governments do a whole lot of things that make life much more expensive for the poor (and everyone else). So yes, it is reasonable to believe various forms of voluntary institutions could take care of the poor and provide social security of various kinds. Also - I have no idea why you think charitable donations could be equal to tax revenues today, because compulsory taxes eat into what would be discretionary income very significantly. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 22:23:11
Someone with 35 btc is very unlikely to be poor or new to btc.
Do people concerned with security of their emails use random sketchy sites on the internet for webmail, or do they generally use services like gmail? Is gmail's security regulated by law? The question wasn't about regulation, anyway. The point of my comment was to understand why people choose to use random services like "brainwallet" so that we, as a community, can figure out how to get the word out about choosing a secure wallet.
@_date: 2014-05-25 04:45:30
That's a very inaccurate characterization of ron paul's views. He most certainly is a libertarian. He has said time and time again that he doesn't believe gov't has any valid role in marriage, but if it's going to have a role, it should be more localized gov't, not the federal gov't.
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:18:28
You said "deserve", and from what I can tell, very few people think those who lost funds in gox *deserved* what happened. It's a very important distinction.
@_date: 2014-04-12 06:42:06


That's horrifying. Tyranny of a slim majority is nothing to aspire towards. The united states was formed as a constitutional republic for good reason, and although the constitution has been mostly trampled, it continues to hold back what would otherwise be a totally out of control super state.


That is not at all what libertarians assume. 
The suggestion that the kochs founded the libertarian party is simply not true. David Nolan is credited as the founder of the party, though there were several co-founders. The founding of the party had a lot to do with conscription and opposition to the vietnam war.
@_date: 2014-03-06 18:28:02
Huh? It would be shocking if anyone under the age of 40 or 50 invented bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-11-20 02:46:54
Are you his boss? If not, you're not really in the position to tell him whether or not the attire was appropriate when representing the particular agency. 
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:20:19
Sure... That's true, but I thought your comment was suggesting Google or other companies could put their servers outside the U.S. to avoid the problem. 
Do keep in mind that in the type of scenario you described, it doesn't mean NSA can't infiltrate EU companies and show no regard whatsoever to the privacy of users (because it's non-u.s., nsa doesn't even have to *pretend* they're following the constitution or rule of law).
Also - for U.S. people the problem remains, because NSA can look at the traffic going into and out of the country, regardless of whether the servers are overseas. The ISPs are the choke point, and NSA exploits that very thoroughly:
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:17:55
Did you just try to make a point without actually saying anything of substance? What are you getting at? Names of influential thinkers are often used to describe political positions. Hence, we talk about things like "Marxian class theory" or "Lockean free markets" or "Jeffersonian democracy", etc etc.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:29:50
Why do you assume government is the only possible source of social security? 
@_date: 2014-06-26 07:25:41


Perhaps one of the questions that needs to be examined is: are you really a progressive? Perhaps you're really some kind of liberal (it's a big tent), maybe a socialist of some description (socialism ranges from statist to libertarian/anarchist), or maybe some other label is appropriate for your views. Perhaps you just have general feelings and goals, and you're unsure of the most desirable economic/societal model. I wouldn't get too caught up on labels unless you feel you have a very strong understanding of the history of all of the terms.
I'd also like to chime in on this point from the original post...


Keep in mind that most libertarianism is not right-wing. American-style minarchist libertarianism is either in the center, or slightly to the right. Anarcho-capitalism is pretty centrist in terms of left/right, maybe somewhat left or slightly right depending on the particular model. Both the aforementioned varieties are essentially Lockean Classical Liberalism taken to more extreme conclusions. There isn't much to the "right" of those schools in the libertarian spectrum, other than Ayn Rand's objectivism which is somewhat right-ish, but by no means far to the right. To the left are various forms of left libertarianism and left anarchism, with anarcho-socialism farthest to the left.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:32:03
Life in africa is dangerous in the countries that have no government and dangerous in the countries that have relatively large governments. That has nothing to do with developed, western countries. 
@_date: 2014-02-11 18:49:46
I'm sorry, but that analogy is so tired and overused, it's more annoying than the ignorance it's intended to correct. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:55:08


How so?
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:49:42


Why are you making condescending assumptions? I'm no longer in school, and when I was it had absolutely nothing to do with the subjects we're discussing. 
I'm very familiar with Marxist, Progressive, and Neo-Marxist theories about economics, society, and so on. My disagreement with these ideas doesn't come from a lack of understanding about the positions. I find Leech's work, and ideas built on his theories, such as those of Peter Joseph, to be particularly absurd. At least Marx was more nuanced and, frankly, more insightful. I don't know what it is about ideologies that use the 'neo' prefix, but neoconservatism, neoliberalism, and neomarxism all strike me as extremely shallow and intellectually dishonest 'movements'.
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:23:52
I genuinely don't understand why people use these random garbage wallets. Can someone please explain?
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:14:20
Different people will try to influence things in different ways. The more people trying to roll back the paternalistic-corporatist-nanny-surveillance-police-warfare state, the better.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:43:57
I didn't think we were discussing 'ancap' theories here... I was just pointing out that today, in everyday life, there are ways in which property rights are deemed to exist without any involvement of the state. 
Libertarians are often critical of 'tyranny of the majority', but that typically refers to a situation where 51% vote to take from, or in some way interfere with, the other 49%, at which point the full might of the state is used to enforce the edict in question. Such situations are made much worse under representative democracy, where a slim majority of voters (who are in fact a minority of eligible voters) elect rulers who then have free reign for 4 years.
I imagine at least 80 percent of people believe in basic rights to property, and probably 95 percent feel there's a right to security of the person against aggression, and so on. This is what I was alluding to about consensus, and if there is overwhelming support for a particular set of values, then those will form the basis for the general rules of the society, regardless of its political description. This is why, when it comes to shedding the bad attitudes of the past, social change always preceded changes in laws (think women's rights, other social matters).
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:21:20


@_date: 2014-05-02 17:21:52
I don't think he's trying to "placate" anyone. 
As for the idea... It's just an idea... Sounds like the basis for an alternative asset-backed crypto of some kind. Maybe it's not a good idea, but I don't understand why some people are so hostile to the discussion.
@_date: 2014-10-19 18:39:41
High-end gaming laptops from the likes of Alienware and MSI are somewhat under appreciated, I think. 
True, they're not *ideal* for hyper-competitive FPS games or running games with the most cutting edge graphics on max settings, but there are a lot of different reasons someone might want to travel and be able to play games with a reasonable level of performance (I know I do). 
Gaming laptops also double as great pro 3D/video/graphics portable workstations. Moreover, the high-end ones tend to have very nice keyboards. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:08:47
IPCC doesn't commission and publish climate science? Ok then.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:50:40
How was your original comment relevant to the libertarian party? 
@_date: 2014-11-22 20:02:14
If the financial establishment and the government in the U.S. 'came down hard' on bitcoin, it would only greatly increase public awareness, and constitutional lawyers would be lining up around the block to fight the ban. It would validate bitcoin as a threat to the status quo and bring the discussion to the mainstream. If people want bitcoin to fail, they'll try to achieve it by putting out propaganda, strictly enforcing money laundering type laws (think bitlicense), and doing covert things to undermine confidence in the stability/security of the network.
@_date: 2014-03-05 22:23:46
The one I had previously cost me $85/year I believe, and provided me the full speed of my 50/50 fiber line. The downside was it had limited server switching and a relatively limited range of IPs. 
The one I'm using now also gives me full 50/50 speed, but provides unlimited server switching and a new IP every time I connect. It costs me $100/yr prepaid ($15/month otherwise).
@_date: 2014-09-12 10:07:33
If I was looking for negative incentives in this equation, the first place I'd look is the influence of the various police lobby groups. 
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:52:13
Fortunately, I think OB will mostly be used for perfectly moral activities, such as buying and selling hits of acid. 
@_date: 2014-05-25 04:43:56
Think of the amazing platform Ron Paul had as a result of being a congressman. His anti-war, anti-cronyism, pro-freedom message has probably been heard by more people than any other libertarian message.
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:39:07


That's a little broad. There certainly have been harmful or ineffective vaccines at different points in time, though that's no reason to discount the proven, highly effective vaccines. Moreover, I don't think there's any question the flu shot is a corporatist scam. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:20:45
No one, other than you, has suggested it's a "universal constant". Even if one thought there was some sort of universality to it, likening it to a mathematical constant would be a very poor analogy. 
So-called universal rights can only exist if a majority of people -- or better still, a broad consensus -- within a given society believe it to be so. If a group of people see someone forcibly stealing a woman's purse on the street, they will more than likely step in to halt the theft. The reason is simple -- those people believe the woman has the legitimate claim to the property, and they have the confidence that the society at large will support their actions.
@_date: 2014-06-10 18:03:38
I believe it does, but I've had debates with marxists who think otherwise.
@_date: 2014-11-15 22:56:50
Corporations (the legal entities) are creatures of the state... Not evil per se, but go hand in hand with big government and all of the inherent corruption. Companies/businesses aren't inherently evil at all, though some do bad things, especially big ones who take advantage of state privilege.
@_date: 2014-09-19 20:14:47
The government has the monopoly on legislation and law enforcement. As such, they are the only ones that can enforce laws related to fraud, theft, and other forms of criminality. People who advocate for smaller government, free markets (or perhaps even no conventional 'government' at all) do not believe in lawlessness. Libertarians still support a system of law in which fraud, theft, etc would be illegal. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 06:29:34
KDE vs Gnome
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:09:36
U.S. people/companies are subject to FISA court orders and National Security Letters regardless of where they host servers. And the flipside is everyone outside of the USA jurisdiction is 100% fair game for the NSA to exploit, without any regard whatsoever to constitutional protections (i.e. they don't even have to worry about FISA "court" lip service).
@_date: 2014-06-10 17:31:40


No, that is not a monopoly. The fact that bitcoin is vulnerable to a 51 percent attack is a unique property of the bitcoin protocol, and it's an issue the bitcoin community has to resolve.


Hitler's government was certainly one of the worst examples of the state in modern times, though arguably Maoist China or Stalinist Russia were even worse. I completely agree that most modern, developed countries today are not dominated by states nearly as awful as the aforementioned examples. Nonetheless, with millions killed in wars of western aggression over the last few decades alone, millions of disadvantaged youth in the prison gulag system for victimless crimes, all kinds of forced redistribution of wealth to special interests, and basic inequality of law on matters like banking, so-called intellectual property, and so on, I'd hardly say it's hyperbole to call modern states repressive.


The issue of worker exploitation was long since resolved by the labor movement. The early labor movement, in the U.S. at least, was the work of anarchists. They did not want or need the state to achieve results through collective bargaining. In the early days, when a protest would occur, the employer would simply call in the police, at no direct cost to him, to suppress the protests. Even still, the movement was eventually successful in effecting change.
Regarding the environment, I doubt there would be a perfect market solution, but there is no perfect solution today, either. In cases like the BP oil spill, the government wouldn't be there step in and put caps on damages, so the repercussions for such an incident could actually be more severe.
Regarding taking occupied land for development, governments today expropriate property for private development regularly, and even if they only expropriated for so-called public infrastructure, that really wouldn't make it any better. There's no reason to assume it would be easier to pressure someone into selling property under the ancap model.


No, it assumes information propagates well enough, and that enough people will be reasonably well informed. 


The ancap model leaves plenty of room for the existence of criminal law. Society has long since decided that children are not capable of consent, and that is why child labor or sex with minors is deemed illegal. 


We have unregulated media today, and yes plenty of dumb ideas get circulated. On the balance, however, I think the unregulated nature of free speech confers far more benefits than drawbacks.


As mentioned above, the labor movement addressed labor issues long before there was any regulation on the books. I'm not going to delve into every possible example, but let's look at vehicle safety standards. As you might know, in the U.S. there are two main entities that perform crash tests on automobiles -- the NHTSA, and the IIHS. The former is a government agency, and the latter is a private sector institution. Without a doubt, it is the latter that performs more stringent tests. Take the IIHS's new small overlap crash, for example. This test shocked the industry because many vehicles that earned "5 star" ratings on conventional crash tests failed the small overlap test completely, while others did very well. The advent of this test sent automakers scrambling to fix design problems and improve test scores. From the consumer perspective, people now have a much better idea of actual vehicle safety in a very common accident mode. None of this involved any regulation, and the NHTSA hasn't implemented a similar test (their full frontal and side impact tests still greatly lag the IIHS's in terms of rigor). Other examples of private consumer protection institutions include Consumer Reports, BBB, etc.


Owning a transportation hub is not a monopoly any more than owning a grocery store is a monopoly. Claims to ownership over unextracted resources would have no inhernet validity in the ancap model, therefore enforcement of such a claim would require significant expenditure on the part of the claimant, and would confer no benefits to them since present demand for such resources would be much lower than the sum total of unextracted resources. 


The idea is that private enforcement agencies would be bound by the discipline of constant dealings, and would therefore use a system of arbitration to resolve problems. Violence is very expensive. More to the point -- you made reference to being evicted, but we're not talking about occupied land. The homesteading principle contends that a claim to land derives from use. 


Your Microsoft example isn't relevant to ancap theory, because intellectual property claims for the most part couldn't exist under such a model. 
Regarding telecommunications, as you might know, government contributed a lot to the oligopolization of the that sector in the early days. Furthermore, the companies you speak of were originally cable television companies, and their market position relied largely on their intellectual property claims (i.e. rights to show specific content). There was no incentive to build telecom infrastructure without first establishing considerable intellectual property claims (which rely on the state). With the advent of the internet, cable telecoms were in the position to provide internet access because they had preexisting infrastructure.  
Still, the internet access people have through those less-than-ideal services today is rather miraculous when you consider what the internet allows people to do, and that it didn't exist in a practical sense 20 years ago. Initially, with dialup, telecoms and ISPs were actually separate entities, but the cable/phone telecoms realized they could leverage their own infrastructure and offer a better service. Cable internet has really only existed for 15 years or so. 
Today, all kinds of regulations and laws make the installation of new telecom infrastructure very challenging. Fortunately, we see some cities scrambling to remove the red tape to allow google to install its fiber network. Google fiber is a market-based response to the inadequate telecom service that exists today, and considering this only became a 'problem' in the last decade or so, we're seeing the emergence of a solution pretty quickly.
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:03:01
Care to explain how that's relevant?
@_date: 2014-07-19 04:31:30
"Public consultation" by government is nothing new. They'll throw you a few bones but otherwise it's all for show. I appreciate that there are people like you who are optimistic about things like that, and I'm not going to tell you that you should feel pessimistic, but I wouldn't trust this Lawsky character farther than I could throw him.
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:55:50
Bitcoin is in its infancy. It will take time for better practices and systems to be developed.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:05:46
With new versions of linux, mac hardware boots just fine from generic usb.
@_date: 2014-05-13 09:20:36
But again, I think the root problem is the bad laws, regardless of who lobbied for what. America already had the highest incarceration rate in the world (by far), long before private prisons were even a factor.
I mean, as an absurd example, what if a group of computer manufacturers successfully lobbied to have a law passed demanding that all government computers had to be thrown out and replaced with new ones every 12 months? Would we say private manufacture of computers is bad, or would we say it's a bad law?
I guess what I'm saying, is I'd rather address the root of the problem. There's a long history of special interests getting laws passed in their favor, and using our tax dollars to fund their rubbish. If we can find a way to break the cycle of lawmakers being shills for special interests, we won't have to worry so much about who lobbies for what.
@_date: 2014-08-31 05:55:42
What good is finding an IP going to do if it's a TOR or VPN IP? One would have to be specifically targeted by very advanced hackers, likely from a spy agency, to trace someone through a good VPN, let alone TOR. 
This whole "bitcoin is not anonymous" meme has been way overplayed. Bitcoin is not an anonymity tool in and of itself, but it can easily be used anonymously. 
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:33:32
Ridiculous comment. Google doesn't have a person vetting each and every ad. They have automatic systems that look for abuse but obviously stuff slips through. The real test will be seeing how quickly they take this down.
@_date: 2014-02-28 11:02:58
It's what any company does when it becomes bankrupt. It creates an orderly process for dealing with creditors (in this case everyone whose money gox lost) via a bankruptcy court.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:09:17
Obviously the people who run a business are going to be focused on running it successfully. If people are doing wrong in the course of trying to earn a profit, then they should be held accountable for any wrongdoing. 
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:36:31
Chrome is open source. Thus, compile Chromium from source.
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:07:02
I don't think you have a good grasp on political science. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 08:55:53
No it doesn't. The worldview merely contends that government is the largest institutional cause of ills.
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:10:15
Since version 4, android keeps getting better and better. When they switch from dalvik to ART, it'll feel almost as snappy as iOS, methinks. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:16:25


The post you responded to alludes to a few different private solutions that exist today to mitigate such risks in fiat currency dealings, and yet you think "regulation" is the "only" solution? Logical fail.
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:31:56
Corporations are creatures of the state. Companies/businesses etc are groups of people working together in the private sector. 
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:54:31
There's no shortage of shelters and programs available to the homeless in North America. People who live on the streets here are doing so either because they choose to, or because they have a mental illness that leads them to believe it's the best course of action, but they're not so mentally ill that they can be forced into some kind of institutionalization. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 16:16:07


@_date: 2014-10-19 18:43:35


Such as?
@_date: 2014-07-19 04:28:12
Who cares what this Lawsky creep says or does. Do you really believe these lies?
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:07:13
For some who complains about slurs and mislabeling, you certainly have no problem mischaracterizing people's positions. That you think the state is the only thing that defines ownership shows you haven't given the question any serious thought. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:36:16






@_date: 2014-04-25 22:30:38


He might have been a socialist back in his early days, I don't know. Most of all, though, he seems to be an actor and an opportunist. I'm not convinced he believes in anything in particular, other than his own career. When it was fashionable in his community to be a community organizer and talk about socialist ideals, that's what he did. When he was an elected representative and bush's policies were unpopular, he spoke out against the establishment. I mean, the guy was against warrantless wiretapping, foreign interventionism, guantanamo bay, increasing the debt ceiling, and bailouts... but that all changed. He's now the perfect spokesman for the establishment, first and foremost.


I don't understand your point. Stealing isn't a part of a free market... Stealing is a crime under common law principles.


What history are you referencing?


Oversight is one of the many functions of a market. That said, no system of oversight is perfect (whether market based or government based), and bad things do happen to good people. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:33:13
I'm not sure why you think I was implying it would occur overnight. It being a gradual process is what has so far allowed for a great deal of adaptation. Jobs have been lost due to automation, but a lot of new types of jobs have also been created as a result of technology in general, even in the field of automation. 
Arguably, more manufacturing jobs have been lost from developed countries to developing countries than have been lost to automation. As such, I think in some ways a growing degree of automation over the next 10-20 years is more a threat to workers in China than it is to workers in the west, because it's low skill, non-thinking type labor that will be eroded by automation.
Another trend to watch in automation is the decentralization of manufacturing, and wider dissemination of the means of production. I think 3D printing is going to be very, very big, and it will drive down the cost of many types of goods. 3D printing of textiles, for example, is a very realistic possibility. If progress continues, solar energy will also become a huge factor in 10-20 years, leading to both the decentralization of energy production and to a decline in the cost of energy.
I don't think these things are easy to predict, and I don't think there are easy answers, but there are a lot of different things going on, and there are trends that are positive and negative for workers occurring at the same time. 
My overall point is a) I don't think there's any reason to believe technology will lead to an economy in which people can't participate and earn a living b) I think technology will drive down the costs of living quite significantly
@_date: 2014-07-12 08:50:01


If they can do so covertly, or use wedge issues and fear to accomplish those things publicly, they will. In the case of bitcoin, I think a lot of people would be against a crackdown and very few people would be strongly for it. The gov't backed down on bombing Syria because 90 percent of Americans and Britons were against it. They have stopped pushing surveillance and copyright bills due to all the uproar. In order to legislatively attack bitcoin, there would first have to be some kind of pretense.
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:52:32
freedom fries?
@_date: 2014-06-24 04:44:42
Any competitive market will eventually drive profit margins down to very low levels.
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:27:32
Private prisons make up a very small portion of the overall prison system. Though the current situation with such prisons is concerning, it's not what's driving the massive incarceration rate. 
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:34:07
Preferably, we'd be able to pay directly for the services we need, and they wouldn't be monopolized by government.
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:03:20


That doesn't make sense, especially considering you acknowledge the existence of ancaps. Furthermore, mutualism, american individualist anarchism, and voluntarism don't reject the idea of profit, either. 
If anarchism is to be what it purports to be -- a societal model without rulers or an imposed hierarchy -- then I think it's naive for anyone to believe their particular narrow vision of anarchy would dominate. To put it bluntly, I think anyone who thinks actual anarchy would only result in anarcho-communism or anarcho-syndicalism is living in dream land. Under true anarchy, any and every type of anarchic societal arrangement would exist.
One of the few real world examples of anarchism that actually exists is FOSS. In the FOSS world, capitalism and collectivism exist in parallel, often overlap, and perhaps even function symbiotically. Anything and everything goes.


And yet every popular political movement that has identified itself as leftist has sought to impose, through violence, a particular top-down order on society. How do you reconcile this?


In the original french revolution context, right definitely meant the outright embrace of authority and hierarchy. However, I think it's inaccurate to suggest that all or even most right libertarians support "limited government" out of affection for the state. Rather, I think a large portion of people you would call right libertarians (ron paul supporters) advocate a minimal state as a compromise between their own ideals and the reality of what most laypeople are ready to accept. That's not to say there aren't right libertarians who believe in state-enforced intellectual property and contracts, but I'm seeing a lot of movement away from those ideas.


Well, that's an interesting anecdote, but I've observed some other interesting progressions among radical thinkers. In particular, I have observed both right libertarians and anarcho-socialists move toward a sort of mutualist/voluntarist center. 
@_date: 2014-04-12 06:06:52
Religion is by no means inherently left or right.
Whether or not a small minority of schools teach creationism isn't going have a significant impact on society overall, because kids whose parents would send them to such a school are already teaching them creationism at home and at church. Moreover, private schools and homeschooling already have the potential to teach creationism. 
The assumption that only a centralized, coercive state can provide mechanisms of social security is dubious. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 08:52:51
How is this relevant? 
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:01:29
Corporations are groups of people. When you tax a corporation, the cost is passed on to the customers, the workers, or the shareholders/investors. In most cases it's some combination of all three.  Taxing corporations is a fairly indiscriminate form of taxation, and where the costs flow depends on the particular business model as well as many other factors.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:43:12
@_date: 2014-09-08 09:02:28
I primarily use Linux on my tower. I was able to take a hard drive out of my laptop, plug it into my tower, and boot up with 100% driver functionality. Since the kernel loads the necessary drivers on boot, switching to a completely different mobo wasn't an issue. Try that with Windows.
As for traditional installation, I can put in a USB stick and install Ubuntu on my tower and everything works. I installed Windows 7 recently on another hard drive, and there were no drivers included for my Intel ethernet, so I had to use a usb stick to install that before I could even connect to the internet, then I had to hunt down the drivers for my video card myself. Windows is actually a PITA to install sometimes. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:51:09
Uhm... Ok.
@_date: 2014-09-28 19:02:53
Not sure about the first part of your comment or any of the 'MLM' argument. However, I think this is interesting:


I feel like, in this effort to legitimize btc, the community has excessively downplayed the illicit uses for btc. Its use in the drug market could easily increase by several multiples if it was easily accessible to people in that field. It could also be used in prostitution, under the table labor, and even for off-the-books tipping. VC firms aren't going to build the tools necessary to make btc accessible to regular people for illicit uses, but projects of that nature could really boost the btc underground economy, and eventually that will have implications for more mainstream adoption. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:44:01
Definitely. And moving away from taxes on income and labor is a goal I think a lot of us have for the near term.
@_date: 2014-03-07 04:24:00
Why do you assume he's going to such great lengths to remain anonymous? 
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:46:14


Is this some play on words? Is this a reference to Ayn Rand? If not, I have no idea what you're talking about. If so, Ayn Rand was neither a jesus-cultists (she was an atheist) nor was she an "intellectual zero" (though I'm not an adherent to her school of thought, nor is she the first person who comes to mind when I think of good advocates for liberty). Paul isn't a jesus cultist either.
@_date: 2014-02-12 17:55:20
"Sensible regulations could actually be great for attracting startups"
Said no one ever. 
Sure, I'm for environmental regulations. No dumping chemicals in the river -- that hurts everyone. Luckily bitcoin doesn't involve chemical waste. Next.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:53:02
And humans figured out that, in order to move beyond the basic law of the jungle, they could establish mechanisms of mutual security, in which the whole community will act if an individual's rights are violated, such that all individuals can have confidence in the existence of their rights. To some extent, the state accomplishes this, but this is far from the only thing the state does, and by no means have all states provided this type of protection. It is, however, a feature of most modern democracies. What you will often find libertarians suggesting are alternatives to the state that could accomplish the goals of rights enforcement. Regardless of the particular model being suggested, any type of rights enforcement would require the mutual cooperation of groups of people.
@_date: 2014-04-26 20:02:49
Most of the time, yes, because Chromium is my main browser and I run it as described. However, I also keep an installation of FireFox on my machine and it has adblock and noscript installed (the only extensions I have, both are open source, can be installed manually). I use it when I have to visit some site with awful ads. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:40:52
That seems completely pointless considering how easily someone could make it appear they were connecting from canada when in fact they are somewhere else. Anyone intent on fraud would know this.
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:05:09
Peter Joseph is a petulant troll at best. His arguments are absurd. Molyneux is hit and miss...
@_date: 2014-04-12 06:01:57
How is your having been a libertarian relevant to the other commenter's crass critique of someone else's understanding of libertarianism?
@_date: 2014-10-19 18:42:21
Sager is just another nameplate for Clevo. Clevo laptops are pretty nice, but nowhere near the build quality or keyboard quality of Alienware/MSI.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:35:51
Maybe we'll change the country, and then you can leave. How's that?
@_date: 2014-05-10 00:03:47
Please don't generalize. Thanks!
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:13:51
It's disappointing that he chose to apologize, but considering the jackals in the media who try to destroy the reputation of anyone who doesn't conform to fashionable notions of political correctness, he probably did so to protect his career. I don't have the words to describe how pathetic the complainers are.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:05:02
You're an attention seeker.
@_date: 2014-02-20 22:58:29
The bitcoin marketplace hasn't been around long enough (and is barely large enough) for established and reputable players to be the predominant actors in this space. It will take a much longer period of time for one to be able to look back and judge whether or not it will be a success as a self-regulated marketplace. As Gox fades away, there will be a much greater focus on security and competence in general. 
What deregulation are you referring to? The idea that reagan deregulated anything significant related to the practices of the financial sector is a myth, and I'm no reagan worshipper. One of the biggest regulatory changes that happened with respect to the financial sector was the removal of the wall between investment and commercial banking in the 1990s. This in and of itself is not what led to such widespread fallout from the financial crisis, though. To look at it in isolation is to miss the bigger picture. While the commercial/investment regulatory wall was removed, all of the government guarantees on deposits and loans were left in place. Thus, there was no disincentive to depositors to place their money with these risk taking institutions. That is not a free market -- that is a completely dysfunctional controlled market. In addition to protecting banks and their account holders from the most serious risks, government policy is also the reason these institutions receive free money with which to speculate and/or lend back to you at high rates of interest. 
@_date: 2014-09-22 18:38:46
Well, just to be clear about the terminology -- libertarianism can be either minarchist or anarchist. Libertarianism can also be either socialist or capitalist. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:40:06
You're a sick, sick man.
@_date: 2014-06-10 09:37:24


The ancap position is that this is a matter for private law. As such, if some activity has either an established history of high risk, or if there's a demonstrable scientific or logical theory suggesting risk, then it should be possible to sue whether or not something bad has happened yet. Injunctions and other legal devices could and would exist in an ancap system of law.


Large scale cooperation occurs on a voluntary basis in many different ways in our society: companies, unions, cooperatives, insurance, banking, campaigns, associations, etc. The state does not represent cooperation, because its funding is involuntary.


While completely gated cities could come into existence under such a system in theory, it seems unlikely there would be sufficient demand for such cities to be built on any large scale. Practically speaking, there's no way an existing city could become a city-state unless some vast majority of the people wanted to turn over all of the land, security, and infrastructure to a single entity, effectively a government.
A better way of thinking about an ancap city would be like this: each building would be privately owned by someone, as is the case today; the homesteading principle would apply to land, i.e. the owner of the building would have exclusive rights to the use of that land; and the infrastructure would be privately owned and funded through tolls. One obvious question would be, what happens to the current infrastructure if, say, society decides to privatize what is currently owned by a state. This isn't a question that's answered by ancap theory, but one could imagine it would probably turn out differently depending on the type of infrastructure. For example, it probably would make sense for residents of a residential street to obtain collective ownership of the road and sewers, whereas larger swaths of the population could be granted shares in expressways and subway lines that they helped pay to build through taxes in the government model, for example. 


Why do you suppose the profit margins are so slim in the retail space? There aren't that many major grocers or department store chains. Competitive forces keep profit margins in check. Almost anywhere you find huge profit margins, there is significant state intervention backed by state force.


The homesteading principle as described by John Locke, the father of classical liberalism, is an important aspect of ancap theory.


Again, the homesteading principle applies if we're talking about new construction in undeveloped swaths of land. Concepts like owning the air space above your house or owning the ground deep below do not exist in ancap theory. However, if someone flies a plane ridiculously low over your home, or someone starts digging under your house and causes some kind of problem (noise, shaking, danger), you can sue them.


Under ancap theory, no one would control strategic natural resources. Anyone could extract natural resources as long as they're not harming someone else (like dumping toxic chemicals in the river) or interfering with someone else's existing use of the land/resource. 


Again, ancap theory doesn't include such a strict understanding of property rights in land to prevent fiber optic cables from being installed deep under the ground. Practically speaking, though, most cable infrastructure is installed under roads not houses.
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:52:02
Reading it again, I can understand how you might have misinterpreted my sentence. What I meant was that life in african countries with no central government is dangerous, and so is life in african countries with relatively powerful central governments. 
I don't agree with your assertion that life in the US is inherently more dangerous than life in the EU, because it depends a lot on where, specifically, you're talking about. It's very important to understand the context of the violence that goes on in the u.s. The vast majority of the oft-cited gun murders that occur are gang/thug/drug related, and tend to be concentrated in specific areas of the country. While the gang problem is a serious societal problem, it has absolutely no bearing on the lives of the vast majority.
I also disagree with the premise that the u.s. has smaller government than the EU. While it does have somewhat lower tax rates and a somewhat smaller role for government in terms of social spending, it has an absolutely massive government when it comes to the war machine and the police/prison state. Arguably, a great deal of the gang/thug problem going on in the united states today (i.e. the source of the high murder rate) is the result of the war on drugs, which is a product of big government. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:55:28
An effect on what?
As for violence/cost, I'd like to read about it. What are some good sources on this topic? 
I'm curious to know the causative relationship between violence and prison ownership.
@_date: 2014-08-27 20:23:54
Go worship a painting of Mao, or something.
@_date: 2014-03-04 08:50:33
Which is good, but since that's not the case with everything on the net, there are benefits to wrapping all your traffic in a tunnel.
@_date: 2014-06-26 07:09:59


You should!
Gertrude Himmelfarb, *Lord Acton* (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1962), pp. 204-205




@_date: 2014-03-18 07:27:32


A "company" is a group of people working together for a common purpose, usually a commercial business of some kind. Companies do not have to be incorporated (i.e. recognized as a "legal entity" by the government).
@_date: 2014-06-26 21:26:20


If there was a decent bitcoin foundation, it would organize lawsuits against people like this. This is something the community needs to be thinking about going forward.
@_date: 2014-04-12 07:47:07


Ask any socialist about this and they'll tell you the same thing I just did. Do you honestly believe more than 50% of government budgets go towards the poor? 
Around 8 percent of federal spending goes to medicaid (i.e. a program for the poor) and around 5.3 percent to low income assistance:
For states, medicaid accounts for around 23 percent and public assistance is around 1.6 percent:


It's pretty commonly understood that the welfare state led to the decline of preexisting private means for dealing with poverty and social security.
Here's one article that explores the issue somewhat:
Here's another article that looks at the topic of mutual aid specifically:
I'll see if I can find something about charities specifically, but I have seen statistics in economic texts previously, I just can't seem to find good references at this late hour. 
@_date: 2014-08-30 08:53:44
Perhaps what you mean is converting fiat to bitcoin is usually not anonymous. 
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:56:53
Markets are democratic, but of course there are other options. Direct democracy could be done a lot of different ways, including requiring there to be consensus (i.e. something like a super-majority) on issues that affect everyone, such as laws. I happen to think a market would do something similar, but I'd prefer either solution to what we have today. Look at the number of people in prison for non-violent drug crimes, or all the deaths caused by unpopular wars (Vietnam, Iraq etc) -- these problems are the result of bad laws. Only 44 percent of Americans still think marijuana should be illegal. With the number of men being thrown in jail every day for pot, that tells me the system is broken.
@_date: 2014-10-11 18:22:43


*If only* criminal law worked this way...
@_date: 2014-11-22 20:09:28
If you want to make a statement about race, you should know that there are other ethnic groups aside from "white" people who have above average representation among the "privileged" in North American society. 
For example: 
But I understand that harping about "white guys" is hip and all...
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:04:37
It's still thursday night-ish here
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:00:45


What do you mean *"picking up"* in the server environment? It has 80 to 90 percent market share. It has been dominant for more than a decade.
It also has 80 percent of the mobile share, which is incredible. It has growing market share in automobile and other embedded applications.
Every OS that has attempted to challenge Microsoft desktop hegemony has failed, until Apple started making and heavily marketing unique hardware that people found really compelling. 
There are now two strong efforts to bring Linux to the desktop - Chrome OS and Steam OS. The former is doing very well and slowly moving upmarket, the latter has the potential to bring in a lot of enthusiasts who are naturally opinion makers in their circles. 


Most new businesses fail within 18 months.
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:02:04


Depends what the norms and expectations are. If you live in an area where a high speed variance is normal, then no, it's not a big issue.
The Autobahns show that speed differential isn't necessarily a problem. 
I'd say the biggest factor in safety is road design, and design speed.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:37:50
Where do the banks get the money to pay the FDIC?
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:54:17
If you think about everything in terms of "country a" votes majority this way and "country b" votes majority that way, then sure, you have a point. But the reality is there is a very large contingent of people in virtually every country that aspires to similar ideals.
That said, I'm not in favor of renaming any of these projects, and calling everything "freedom" is silly. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:59:42
"Socialist" doesn't imply a particular solution, only a goal. However, most of the popular political movements throughout history that have used the term socialism have been very much authoritarian statist ideologies. Moreover, most politicians today who are associated with the term (there are a few in north america and many in europe) also fit the aforementioned description. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:50:35
That's like saying FireFox isn't open source unless you compile it yourself. If you want to compile Chrome yourself, see Chromium project... You just won't get the PDF viewer and Flash (two things I can do without).
@_date: 2014-08-30 08:59:14
I think it's fair to say bitcoin appeals to libertarians and has libertarian implications. However, that could apply to both libertarian socialists and libertarian capitalists. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 08:00:33
For many of the points listed in those articles, there is by no means consensus. 
The lower projections do not appear to be devastating, especially not over the next 40 years. Embedded in all of this is the false assumption that co2 levels will continue to rise beyond 2050.
@_date: 2014-03-07 02:54:00
So you believe young people publishing such works is the rule, not the not the exception?
@_date: 2014-09-12 10:04:34
I think when people are talking about the "evil banks", what they really mean are the people who direct the banks' strategies, which include lobbying for (and achieving) government policies that benefit them at the expense of others. I would remind them that the power ultimately comes from the government, and that is where the most outrage should be directed. Not only do governments socialize the risk in banking, they actually give banks free money -- lots of it.
@_date: 2014-08-08 19:44:12
I agree MSI laptops are very nice... Not really cheaper than AW, but measurably nicer. 
@_date: 2014-08-08 19:43:22
Many of us would prefer a system of voluntary 'government', i.e. to escape the statist paradigm of taxation, force and rulers. I think those of us who are realistic don't expect that to happen overnight, but we consider bitcoin to be one way in which taxation could become a lot more difficult, thus pushing the state out of certain aspects of life where it's least needed.
@_date: 2014-11-20 02:43:49
I think it's a mistake to equate socializing the risk in the financial sector with helping the needy. 
As for people sometimes needing a hand up -- of course. However, that can be achieved through things like insurance and charity. It doesn't inherently need to be provided through compulsory taxation. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:39:53
You pointed out that many of us use "services" of government, presumably roads, schools, and so on. My response was that many of us would prefer a system in which we paid for such services directly, without the need to pay for them indirectly through taxation. As you may know, tax dollars are put towards many different things -- some of which you or I might agree with, other things we might not agree with. 
@_date: 2014-06-30 03:04:14
Negligence can be the basis for a class action lawsuit. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:30:08
No, because what that site advocates is not left libertarianism at all.
@_date: 2014-10-19 18:41:33
Oh really? For 'way less' than Alienware with 10% off? Such as?
@_date: 2014-04-30 02:44:59


FWIW, any time someone drags out that crap, simply explain to them that states must follow the constitution and therefore slavery is not acceptable in a 'states rights' model. The only reason slavery was permitted in the past was that blacks were effectively regarded as a different species, through some combination of ignorance and convenience. Luckily, *society* has moved far past that point, and won't be going back.
@_date: 2014-08-31 05:52:46
What is that supposed to mean? Tor is anonymous, regardless of whether spy agencies like the NSA might have tools to uncloak certain users in certain circumstances.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:34:30


Government isn't really a clearly defined concept. Those who advocate a competitive market society without a state are really just advocating an end to taxation and other examples of the legitimized initiation of force inherent to the state. 
Violence is expensive and not productive. It works in extremely poor parts of the world, because there's little/nothing to lose. It also works in the minds of religious extremists, because they don't value life on earth and they aspire to die. It does not work well in any other circumstances, unless that violence is being carried out by others on your behalf, funded with other peoples' money, as is the case with the state, and the benefit it bestows on those closely connected to it.
@_date: 2014-03-04 05:51:04
The fact that you don't understand common terminology reflects poorly on your education, but does nothing to disprove the original statement. 
It's not heavily commercialized at all. It has one commercial feature that can be disabled, and for users of Kubuntu, Xubuntu, Lubuntu, Mint, Netrunner, etc it's not an issue in the first place.
@_date: 2014-08-23 07:15:37
I think the most important thing is to look at *why* commodity-backed money is appealing -- it can't be counterfeited, the supply can't be changed on a whim, it's divisible, etc. When Mises was working on his theories, it was in a time where the only way to give money those qualities was through commodity backing. That changed as a result of crypto, but it would be silly to fault Mises for not predicting it.
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:50:37
Directional drilling has become cheaper and more accessible over the years. Another reason google is able to offer fiber cheaper than anyone though possible is their use of custom network hardware.
@_date: 2014-12-07 00:06:52
That law is about limitations on government, and as you might know, the government doesn't follow the constitution anyhow.
As for Mastercard -- by using their service you're opting in to all kinds of crap. Mastercard isn't tracking me because I don't use their services. Pay with cash (and bitcoin) unless you have no alternative. Pay with debit if you want to use a card. Don't accept cookies in your browser. Anonymize your web browsing. 
@_date: 2014-06-10 23:01:10
Ron Paul has campaigned on the idea of closing the 900 overseas military bases for years, if not decades. I wouldn't call that vague. He also says there should be no war actions of any kind without a congressional declaration of war. He's also for dramatically reducing tax revenues and thus the ability of government to wage war. 
Regardless of whether the national guard "did the right thing" in that instance, the purpose of the founders' design for the united states wasn't based on the notion that a federal government could never possibly do anything good, but rather on the balance of good to bad, it would likely do much more bad than good. 
In any case, I support Ron Paul insofar as he has used his political platform to advance the cause of libertarianism on a large scale, even if he's wrong on one issue.
@_date: 2014-08-27 08:30:23
The "Bitlicense" would require any company that sells products to collect all kinds of personal information about the buyer.
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:34:49
It's still not that unusual of a belief
@_date: 2014-09-24 06:25:32
@_date: 2014-05-11 08:37:26
There is no evidence to suggest that quote is genuine. 
Actual quote: "And I sincerely believe, with you, that banking establishments are more dangerous than standing armies; and that the principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale."
This seems to be more about how banking institutions (and/or politicians?) want to create inter-generational debt than it is about anything else. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 20:51:17
I get 50 mbps over my vpn =]
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:36:06


That is generally true in all countries in that region, whether or not they have a centralized government. This, mind you, is also true in Detroit, which, last time I checked, is ruled over by the most powerful government in the history of the world.


I live in a developed country, and I appreciate that good fortune. Somalia is not a developed county, and neither are most of the countries in that area of the world, whether they have centralized government or not. 


I'm not sure I follow. Comparing an underdeveloped, poor african country -- whether it has a central government or not -- to a developed, industrialized country is not an intellectually honest comparison. 
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:49:59
I think there's a strong possibility that companies like Google, Netflix, etc will be able to exert enough influence to counteract anything ridiculous the ISPs might want to do -- nobody holds all the cards in this situation. Add to that the fact that Google is pushing ahead with its fiber service, and the entrenched telecoms are not in the position to just do whatever they want. Also keep in mind that Steve Jobs seriously considered the possibility of building an Apple cell network over 8 years ago. Building new cell networks today is arguably more viable for companies like Apple or Google than it was back then, so there's another threat that can be hung over the heads of the telecoms. While I recognize the possible risks of a telecom market without neutrality, I don't at all write off the possibility that there enough distinct, powerful interests at play that equilibrium will be maintained.
@_date: 2014-07-22 21:26:14
Blocking an actual tanker is no longer economic warfare, but actual physical warfare. Physical warfare is a lot more expensive and a lot harder to obtain support for, especially in this post-Iraq political environment.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:08:41
You're probably using newer versions of linux than what's being discussed here.
@_date: 2014-04-26 20:05:21


Adblock is open source and I do have it installed on FF, although my main browser is Chromium. Ghostery doesn't really interest me because I have no cookies, and I always change my IP with a VPN. If HoverZoom is open source and can be installed manually I'm sure it's cool, but if not I don't see its benefits as justifying the risk.
@_date: 2014-10-14 19:37:01
Or use incognito mode with chrome, or private browsing with firefox, don't be logged in to google, and possibly use a vpn if you want to enhance your privacy. 
@_date: 2014-07-23 16:17:37


Something like what's show in the original video would require high end gyroscope and accelerometers, otherwise it would have problems with drift. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:48:55
The only type of companies that are regulated the way you seem to be alluding to are publicly traded companies. Crowd funding and private deals aren't, and whether bitcoin or gov't currency is being used, the scenerio you described could happen (and sometimes does). The currency used is trivial in the scenario described. 
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:43:04


You're kidding, right? They most certainly do.
@_date: 2014-01-18 01:19:44


Well that's a rosy way of looking at it, but in the full interview it's pretty apparent she is quite opposed to alternative, non-government currencies, rather than just being agnostic about it.


I live well, better than average, but that doesn't cause me to support the current monetary or financial systems. Moreover, if her attitude is what you suggest, then I still consider it to be shortsighted, considering the next collapse could be much worse than 2008.


Sure, as an abstract idea, a majority believe in it. I'm not sure a majority still believe in the current manifestation of the state, though. In any case, I view people who believe currency MUST be fiat and centrally controlled as hardcore statists, not merely people who believe in *a state*.
@_date: 2014-03-07 07:54:47
Well, you're certainly entitled to define anarchism as having to involve a critique of both the state *and* hierarchy (the history of much of anarchist theory would support that definition). However, I -- and, I think, many other people -- prefer to define it more broadly. That is, defined as such:


And no, I don't think conceptions of so-called anarchocapitalism that effectively just privatize the state qualify as anarchism even under "my" definition, just as your satirical anarchist monarchism and anarchist slave society would not (I know you were using those examples to prove a different point, but I borrowed them anyway).
However, if anarchocapitalism is construed to simply mean a model in which goods and services are distributed in a free market absent a coercive state (i.e. a ruler), then I think this can be anarchism, even if *voluntary* hierarchies arise within certain contexts. A question arises about what ought to be considered a good or service in the first place, and that's where we get into questions about law...


The first two merely reorganize and rename the state such that those within its jurisdiction are have no control over it. 
Without going into great detail, I generally appreciate the criticisms that have been levied against rothbardian and friedmanian ancapism. While I agree with the sovereignty of the individual and the non-aggression axiom advocated by rothbard, I worry that it gravitates toward moral absolutism, whereas I believe there must be some roof left for subjectivity. The friedmanian variant is more problematic for me, because it potentially facilitates unlibertarian laws and seems like it could lead to excessive balkanization and even instances of tyranny. I am more inclined to accept a rothbardian-like model in which there is a centralized source of 'law', but I would rather see this managed through some kind of public democratic system, whereby a supermajority of the entire society would need to support the existence of any given law. However, I tend to prefer the friedmanian conception of private security forces over rothbardian private "police".


You raise a valid criticism, but at the same time I believe an identical criticism can be levied against anarchocommunism. Whereas tannehillian ancapism seems to require the prevalence of "the libertarian man", anarchocommunism requires the prevalence of "the collectivist man" -- and I happen to believe the latter is even less likely than the former. 


I suppose you're right, but I find mutualism to be a much more inclusive and open ideology than any form of anarcho collectivism. Straight from wikipedia is a quote from proudhon, in which he writes he never intended to "forbid or suppress, by sovereign decree, ground rent and interest on capital. I think that all these manifestations of human activity should remain free and voluntary for all: I ask for them no modifications, restrictions or suppressions, other than those which result naturally and of necessity from the universalization of the principle of reciprocity which I propose."


I wasn't refering to organizations frequented by academics and intellectuals. Rather, I was referring to the history of popular self-proclaimed leftist movements that led to revolutions in countries like russia, china, and in much of south and central america.


I was referring to the development of free software, in which there are organizations based on voluntary interaction that develop the software, with the support of everyone from hobbyists to commercial developers. Moreover, people are free to fork such software and shed any hierarchy in which they don't wish to participate. 
@_date: 2014-09-15 21:55:40


I am concerned with software freedom, but not to the point that I will refuse to use certain types of non-free software. Frankly, games make sense as a 'software as a service' type model. I insist that my operating system, my communications software, my encryption solutions, etc be free and open-source. Whether or not games are free/open is far less important to me, and I suspect that's how a lot of people feel.


What's good for BTC is good for "freedom as a whole", even if Steam accepting BTC might not be good for "software freedom" -- that is to say, there's a lot more to freedom that just software freedom.
Moreover, Steam accepting BTC would not be harmful to any existing free software projects, so it wouldn't even be a negative for free software.


That's unlikely, considering how well known and widely used Steam is.
@_date: 2014-10-11 09:41:17
The "real spy stuff" will always exist in one form or another. It's expensive -- very expensive. If communications and data were encrypted by default for all users, that would make the cost of spying on someone very expensive, as it should be.
@_date: 2014-12-03 00:07:09


The type of violence you're talking about is not 'cheap' at all. People who carry out such violence either end up dead or in jail for life -- i.e. they pay the highest price imaginable. Typically, mass shooters are mentally ill individuals who are unable to make remotely rational decisions. They are the exception, not the norm.
An assault rifle is an automatic rifle, by definition. They're quite common in Africa and the Middle East, but not typically used in crimes in the developed world. No recent school shooting has involved the use of automatic weapons.
If you're referring to tactical-style semi-automatic rifles, then yes, those have been used in school shootings in recent memory. You should be aware that simply because a gun is painted black and has a pistol grip, does not make it more powerful. The bullets coming out of an AR-15 are no more deadly than those coming out of the type of hunting rifle used for small game. Tactical rifles provide an advantage for precision shooting or combat against other armed individuals, but in a school shooting those features provide no advantage to the murderer over a traditional hunting rifle. 


No one on this forum (or anywhere else) who advocates free markets is a supporter of slavery or organ harvesting. "Free market" describes a situation in which people are voluntarily buying and selling goods and services. Stealing things (body parts or otherwise) doesn't fit that description. I think it's also a big mistake to assume that the state is the only conceivably entity that could protect you against violent aggression. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:34:01
You're writing almost entirely about various highly theoretical academic schools of thought, and not at all about real world examples of self-proclaimed socialist movements over the last century. 


Again, it sounds as if you're writing about people you've met in academia and grassroots political organizing. Are you not familiar with all the latin american governments that consider themselves socialist, have broad popular support in many cases, and are utterly authoritarian? 


Any "anarchist" who believes in a minimum wage is, imo, a total intellectual fraud. 
It seems like you're using a lot of very narrow definitions for words that actually have much less specific meanings. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 17:58:01
There's usually a profit motive somewhere. Billions of dollars haven't been invested in the linux kernel purely for charitable reasons, after all. But yes, it's a model that works well, very well.
@_date: 2014-09-10 05:31:24
The prisons are paid for with tax dollars and the laws are enacted by a very small number of so-called "representatives", i.e. people who are elected by perhaps 25% of eligible voters. A prison is not an inherently productive enterprise -- it costs money to run and produces nothing.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:00:27
Well it's all very interesting, but forbes is such a linkbait/blogspam/trash website that I'm inclined to be skeptical of anything they publish unless strongly convinced otherwise. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 07:28:41


A lot of speculation points toward them being russians. If that's the case, I don't think russia will be complying with any western investigations of so-called "money laundering" any time soon.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:33:10
Basic income would be a great transitional step between our current bureaucratic model and a libertarian society. As a libertarian I would absolutely support abolishing all social programs and replacing them with a basic income. Later, a centralized basic income could be replaced by private, voluntary models of social security. 
@_date: 2014-10-11 04:10:54


@_date: 2014-04-12 05:27:48
Pretty sure the commenter was referring to the "that's the free market for you" line as being "just ignorant", which it absolutely is.
@_date: 2014-12-20 03:25:04
Tell a grizzly bear that the fish he just caught and the den where he sleeps is merely an invention of the state. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:28:49
Woah man. Are you going to be ok?
My point was that Somalia is a rather bad place, not for a lack of government, but because a) it was decimated by tyrants for generations b) it was decimated by war c) it has never been a developed country d) it has always been a poor country e) that entire area of the world is poor f) their culture and society is still relatively primitive. Somalia has only been without a centralized government for 20 years, and during that time, it has improved marginally, it has not gotten worse. If you study africa, you will find that there are several countries in the same area as Somalia that do have centralized governments, and these places are not any better.
As for developed countries, the united states in the 19th century had relatively minimal government and taxation, yet this was the time in which living standards increased more rapidly than at any other time. While the 19th century u.s. wouldn't be considered "developed" by today's standards, it certainly was relative to other countries at the time. Medieval Iceland provides an example of a society that had nothing we'd recognize today as a centralized government, and they did quite well under that system. There are other examples, though it doesn't seem like you're interested in having a serious discussion.
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:03:31


At the most basic level, I don't agree with the view that a lack of rulers implies a lack of any voluntary hierarchy, unless you consider hierarchies from which people can freely opt-out as not being hierarchies at all, in which case we might be in agreement.


Maybe so, but considering mutualism's rejection (not to be confused with prohibition) of profit, ground rent, accumulation of capital, I don't think it fully embraces a truly free market.


Respectfully, I find the implication a little bit condescending that those whose views differ from marxian notions of exploitation "don't have a great handle on ... intricacies of theory". Please consider the possibility that there's a legitimate dispute as to what constitutes exploitation. Furthermore, I don't accept the assertion that all types of what marxian thinkers call "exploitation" are dependent upon the existence of a state or state-like arrangement. In other words, people could and would seek an obtain profit in lieu of the state. 


I think friedman leaves open the possibility for quasi statism, wheras rothbard's model could more effective prevent that. Like all forms of anarchism (and democracy for that matter) the "system" in the end is only as good as the people collectively make it. 


I didn't meant to imply it was a difference between collectivism and individualism, but rather that ancapism and ancommunism absent an enforcement mechanism both would rely upon altruism. Perhaps the "collectivist man" wasn't the correct term. I'll refine that to "the marxian man" in lieu of a more accurate descriptor. Nonetheless, I reject the fundamental assumption that people acting in their own self interest would be any more likely to gravitate towards anarcho communism than anarcho capitalism. I believe people acting in their own self interest would in fact participate in all possible arrangements, including arrangements where one, for example, is given a well paying job and in exchange permits someone else to make a 3 percent profit on their labor. 


My point in raising this was that proudhon went out of his way to make this statement. Why did he do this? I think it's due to the relative hostility other schools of anarchist though have towards ideas that don't conform to their particular vision of an anarchist society. To go back to an earlier comment you maade, I don't think the difference between mutualists and ancaps is one of semantics -- that is to say I don't think they're at all identical -- but instead the difference is one of anticipated outcomes. Wheras ancaps and mutalists, 


Well, one difference is that air is naturally occuring and unowned, whereas software is something that must be created through the labor of people. My point wasn't so much about the end user's ability to acquire free/open software, but rather the anarchic model that is applied to the *development* of free/open software.


Hardware manufacturers invest a lot in free software, as do people who provide services related to free software (red hat, for example). I don't think the manufacture of hardware or the provision of services (tech support, customization) requires the defense of the state to go on. 


As I see it, the typical licensing associated with free software acts as a balance to anti-freedom tendencies. For all that android does to attempt to lock down users, there is still cyanogenmod. Can this be said about windows or osx? And although participating in free software can serve to curb the ambitions of profit-seeking capitalists, companies are still increasingly choosing to participate in it. To me, this validates the anarchic model where IP does not exist, and proves producers and consumers can equally benefit under such a model.
@_date: 2014-03-07 00:16:25
So you agree with me that young people publishing such works are the exception, not the rule?
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:31:42
It's not a hard argument to make at all. One could easily imagine a better tax situation, like the one that existed in the united states in the 19th century, the time of the greatest progress in living standards. One could also prefer a situation with even fewer taxes, or no taxes at all, and there are plenty of reasons to believe it could work.
@_date: 2014-06-24 06:33:38
I see no reason to think fractional reserve requires the influence of a state to exist. Whether it has a role to play in a futuristic crypto-coin centered economy is open to debate.
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:32:39
That's a pretty high degree of confidence you have there. Care to back that up with a reasoned argument? 
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:52:04
The "recently visited" feature doesn't apply to my use of chromium, because I only use incognito mode. My chromium browser is set up to not communicate with google servers at all.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:42:35


We're discussing a particular subject... 


Thanks, but no thanks.


Ah. Well thanks for finally being forthright about your positions. 


I mean, if you're going to make arguments like that, there's really no point in having this discussion. 


Having non-security savvy people manage the security of large sums of money? Yeah probably not a good idea with the current tools. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:41:47
I'm not sure what this screenshot thing is about, but I'd like to read about it if you have a link. As for it sending page visits to google, there is something that can easily be done about that. 
I personally use Chromium in Incognito mode only (meaning no history, and no cookies). This is similar to my FF installation, which has history and cookies disabled.
To avoid the problem of the browser talking to Google servers, I disable the following:
- Use a web service to help resolve navigation errors
- Use a prediction service to help complete searches and URLs typed in the address bar
- Predict network actions to improve page load performance
- Send suspicious downloaded files to Google
- Continue running background apps when Chromium is closed
Given that chrome/chromium is open source, and with all of those things disabled, I believe it's not less secure than FF in terms of "back doors" or other such privacy concerns, and it's more secure than FF in the sense that tabs are sandboxed.
@_date: 2014-05-08 06:30:41
One of the great things about the internet is that it allows us to effect change in ways and on a scale not possible before. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:16:24
It makes no shocking predictions, other than sea level increases. I see no reason to believe this problem can't be dealt with through adaptation, until we move away from co2-emitting fuels.
@_date: 2014-12-19 23:56:56
Plenty of people I've conversed with who are not ancaps or any type of libertarian have this view of Australia. I encourage you to read the comments on an American or Canadian news site about some nanny state nonsense in Australia, and invariably there will be countless comments deriding the Australian nanny state. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:32:04
The idea that lowering taxes == "trickle down economics" is not accurate. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:42:34
Are you going to be ok?
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:30:34
It's always fun to talk about "americans", but according to [this link]( even more people in the EU and india believe the sun revolves around the earth. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 10:38:39
As with libertarianism, I think anarchism at its core is a school of though that people with both left and right of center worldviews can find appealing. I find the idea of a one-dimensional "political spectrum" rather limiting, and I don't see how it could possibly provide an accurate representation of the concepts we're discussing, let alone all of political science. There's no doubt that anarchism historically has been associated with thinkers motivated by left wing ideals, but individualist anarchist philosophy has also been around a long time. Interestingly, in recent years I've observed what seems to be a convergence in the thinking of right-ish libertarians and more left leaning anarchists on many issues, whereby those libertarians are abandoning ideas like intellectual property and extreme contract theory, and many anarchists are more accepting of the profit motive and the market system. Bitcoin and concepts like crypto-anarchy are real world examples of this, insofar as these ideas appeal to people with a fairly broad range of backgrounds.
@_date: 2014-04-12 20:41:24


Sure, in the context of democracy, I would prefer a model where 66 percent (a supermajority consensus) would have to support any law for it to exist. Every few years, issues would come up for a vote again, and if a law couldn't get 66 percent support it would be gone. 100% consensus is not possible, which I'm sure you realize. 
When most people talk about getting rid of representative democracy, though, they're talking about replacing it with majority rule.


I don't agree with that characterization, but I also wasn't so much advocating representative democracy as I was advocating the virtues of constitutional republicanism. If you can't see the benefits the u.s. constitutional system delivered as compared to the previous dominant systems of government, then I think you're missing the greater context. Usually when people talk about direct democracy, they're not also advocating constitutional republicanism. Granted, the type of direct democracy you alluded to above (i.e. something other than 50.1% majority rule) could be combined with a constitutional system -- there's no inherent conflict (but it might also be redundant in the 66 pct system I described, unless the bar for constitutional change was even higher, like 80 pct).
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:26:23
What's wrong with an open-source chrome app that you can compile and install manually all by yourself?
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:22:58
In what sense is chrome "spyware"? 
@_date: 2014-07-24 05:29:31
I think it would require some fairly high end accelerometers and gyros and a processing system running at a fairly high loop speed. Unlike a gimbal, which is balanced, this thing is completely unbalanced and therefore couldn't rely on intertia at all. The motors would also have to be top notch and likely wouldn't be as small as the depiction.
@_date: 2014-11-21 00:44:41
It's a bit surprising more people didn't show up for that debate, though I can't imagine anything good would have come from discussing such a nonsensical idea.
@_date: 2014-05-07 09:26:27
Somalia did not get the way that it is today due to a lack of government. Somalia is a country that was decimated by decades of dictatorship and war. In the 20 or so years it hasn't had a centralized government, things have improved. Somalia is also not a developed country and neither are its neighbors, many of which are just as unpleasant, and yet happen to have central governments. It's all about context, which you seem to be lacking. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:12:35
The IPCC estimates regarding temperature increases and sea level increases. That is the only area of climate science in which there is a clear consensus.
@_date: 2014-02-28 11:08:48
A bankrupt company files for bankruptcy protection. Gox is bankrupt. The chap 11 type of bankruptcy protection proceedings are used if there is some kind of viable business left that could possibly carry on after creditors are paid off, whereas the alternative to that type of restructuring is bankruptcy liquidation where there is no viable business so the company is wound down and remaining assets are liquidated (chap 7). 
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:17:52


You forgot to mention that he wants to end the war machine that has been responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths in the last decade alone. Or that he wants to end inter-generational debt slavery. While I disagree with the socially conservative sentiment in the article you linked, I think ending war greatly overshadows his attitude towards gay marriage (which, btw, I think has changed somewhat in the decade since that article was written).
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:46:54


Meh... I wouldn't go that far. Much of Alex Jones' audience thinks he's a Zionist operative. The other half thinks he's an anti-Semite. Jones gets a lot of things wrong, but he also draws attention to a lot of important issues. He has put out more than his fair share of nonsense, but he has also brought real issues to the attention of a lot of people. I actually think the good he has done in raising awareness for liberty-related causes outweighs the faults he has made in analysis. I think people tend to remember the issues he talks about more than they adhere to his particular analysis of what's going on.
@_date: 2014-08-13 17:49:28
I don't know what half of those products contain, and neither do you. How can you be so sure it's snake oil? I do know that the iodine he sells is legit and so are the water filters. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:26:48
That's not how bankruptcy works, but effectively, once people get whatever the final amount ends up being, that will be it.
@_date: 2014-07-07 05:57:58
"Deniers" of what? 
"Deniers" who think co2-induced global warming is impossible?
Or "deniers" who don't agree that fabian state socialism is the answer to what, according to reasonable estimates, won't be a big problem for 50 to 100 years, by which time co2-emitting energy sources will be obsolete, and adapting to rising sea levels will be tenable?
@_date: 2014-11-20 02:44:51
There are insured bitcoin banks, such as Circle.
@_date: 2014-07-07 06:34:04
There is a range of temperature predictions from credible climate scientists, so which ones are we to believe? At the lower end of the spectrum, it's hard to see what would be devastating about it. Problematic, sure. At the higher end of the scale, it starts to become pretty significant for some parts of the world, though other parts will surely benefit.
A lot of the more dire concerns seem to be based on co2 output continuing to increase all the way to 2050 or 2100, but the trajectory of energy technologies suggests to me that in a couple decades there will be light at the end of the tunnel and we'll be on a clear path to ending co2 emissions.
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:28:22
People, please understand: Do not install ANY type of software on your computer from untrusted sources if your computer contains valuable information that you don't want to lose.
Personally, I run my browsers (chromium and firefox) with the following settings: no extensions, no history, no cookies, no web services. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:05:44
RE: 1, That would be ridiculous considering a) how easy it would be for someone to connect with a canadian ip (via a vpn service) b) that would force people to connect without the protection of a non-canadian vpn.
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:11:31
Whether he's a full fledged libertarian or not seems unrelated to this topic. Private currencies have long been advocated by libertarians, and it's a concept I support as a libertarian as well. However, bitcoin is superior to privately issued currencies for a number of reasons that most of us here are aware of. When the idea of competing currencies was first articulated as a part of libertarian theory, the idea of crypto currencies had not yet been invented. Unless someone is on the cutting edge of this stuff, ignorance about why bitcoin is so great is forgivable.  I can envision a future where bitcoin and the blockchain are the backbone, but other currencies backed by stock or assets or commodities also play a role.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:31:14
This line of reasoning is nonsense. If no one has jobs or any money, what reason would there exist to have automated factories building anything at all? The only way that would make sense, is if the price of goods dropped to near-zero. If that happens, then we're living in utopia. 
@_date: 2014-09-24 06:46:13
Theft can be viewed as a form of aggression. In most cases, people obtain their money through labor. People trade portions of their finite lifespan to earn an income, and if that's taken, it's not much different than putting someone in jail for a period of time. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 01:01:25
To start off, I'd just like to say I appreciate your continued effort to make this a thoughtful discussion. Those are some length comments, and I've read it all.


This doesn't make any sense to me. Why should you be the de facto "owner" of a house that required dozens of laborers tens of thousands of man hours to build, simply by virtue of living in it? I live in a rented house that was built 3 years ago. It would be absurd for me to claim ownership of this house considering I didn't pay the laborers to built it, let alone pay for the materials which also required a great deal of labor to procure. I have no interest in taking on the financial risk associated with borrowing money to buy this house, the costs of maintenance, or any other related liabilities. 
Additionally, I disagree with the notion that it requires a state to evict someone. Unless, of course, you consider any organized group capable of exerting force (such as a non-aggressive security organization) to be a "state", but I don't. I'd call it syndicalism. 


Much of what is colloquially called "profit" is exactly like what I described, but often on a larger scale, involving more complex relationships with groups of people rather than individuals. If you wish to more narrowly define "profit", so be it, but when ancaps talk about profit, I don't think they're talking about exploitative arrangements. 


Well, I think this goes to show so-called capitalism is a self evident and naturally occurring phenomenon, and in this example, it seem perfectly reasonable up until the point that a state becomes involved and is used by the aristocrats to achieve an unreasonable position in relationship to the workers, as you describe here:


I think all ancaps would find this to be completely unacceptable and incompatible with their ethics and the nonaggression principle. I'll continue after the next quote...


This sounds exactly like what has been going on in china for a while now. It goes something like this: Government clears out a massive area previously occupied by peasants and destroys their way of life, foxconn moves in and builds a huge factory/jail. This is why, while I support free trade in theory, I consider trade with countries like china to be extremely problematic ethically. 


I don't agree with your conclusion. A lot of people will take a steady paycheck over that kind of risk. Others might choose to be self employed and carry out some aspect of production on a contract basis, but they still might not want the full risk associated with selling the final product, and they might lack the know-how to properly finalize, market, and sell the end product. I'm not especially fond of the employer/employee relationship, but I find the contractor relationship to be highly reasonable. 


That might be the case in the specific examples you're talking about, but it's certainly not always true of capitalists in general.  
Suppose kim and ahmend are both doctors earning $200,000 per year. Kim spends all his money on accumulating personal items that he uses every day, while ahmed spends very frugally and accumulates a great deal of capital over a decade. If ahmed now wishes to invest that capital in starting a medical equipment manufacturing firm, he has taken a risk with the fruits of his labor, not anyone else's. If he pays contractors to assist with certain aspects of production, but he assumes the risk associated with marketing and selling the final products, he is still not exploiting anyone. If Contractor A supplies the PCBs and other various components for ahmed's device, Contractor B supplies firmware and support for integration, and Contractor C provides final assembly only, each can be paid for the "full fruits of their labor", and yet ahmed still has the opportunity to profit. While the contractors could sell unfinished, unbranded devices with no warranty, most doctors will choose to buy ahmed's slightly more expensive units with a warranty and a trusted name attached. There's nothing wrong with ahmed charging doctors whatever they're willing to pay for these devices, and if contractors A, B, and C make more money selling various stages of the product to ahmed than they would selling those components directly to doctors, then no one is being deprived of the fruits of their labor, and ahmed is generating a profit, which is the reward for the risk he is taking.


I'm still not sure what you mean by 'the marxian man'. Can you expand on this?
You refer to a "society that does not use force to enforce that style of ownership", but I assert that in an anarchist society, many people would use force, either individually or via syndicates to defend these claims. I further assert that while the people as a whole would prevent various individuals and syndicates from doing things that the vast majority finds unreasonable and unethical, most people wouldn't consider modest profits and rents to be so inherently unethical that they would use counterforce to resist such claims of ownership. Therefore, I say the type of society you're talking about requires the "marxian man" because it would require the vast majority of people to hold the marxian ethical view that accumulation of wealth, profit, and rent is inherently wrong.


I was referring to people who, for example, continually vandalize new restaurants in the name anti-gentrification, while enjoying state-provided protection against reprisals. 


Considering no manufacturer has done anything to meaningfully prevent rooting, I don't consider it to be an exploit, but my original point was about android OS being open and redistributable, not any particular piece of hardware, which might have a proprietary bios designed to restrict which OSes can or can't be installed. 


I think controlling one's OS, communications software, and data/media storage is paramount, and I hope that an increasing number of people will strive to do so. I know I will. I choose to only use a free and open operating system and free and open personal communications software (email, chat, browser, etc). I am less concerned with my CAD software or video games being open, because those do not impact my privacy and I can monitor/control what they do from a security point of view, and sandbox them if necessary. I would certainly like for everything to be free and open, but unless we can get upfront crowd funding for extremely labor intensive software that needs to be developed on tight timeframes, I'm not going to be boycotting non-free games or non-free professional industrial software. 
@_date: 2014-12-06 23:53:44
It's most likely similar to all other behavioral targeting approaches. 
I choose to opt-out of all of this crap and other types of tracking by:
* Paying for all in-person purchases with cash
* Paying with bitcoin online whenever possible
* Using a basic debit card rather than a credit card online if necessary
* Never browsing the web while signed in to google/facebook/etc or any other service
* Using Chromium in incognito mode only, with all of the google tracking and interactions with google servers (such as prediction) disabled
* Never keeping any type of cookies after the window is closed
* Always using a VPN
* Randomizing my phone's MAC address to avoid wi-fi tracking
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:09:46
I think at this moment and for the foreseeable future the russians will do anything and everything to stick it to the western governments. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:51:50
Yeah that all makes sense if we use all of your definitions for left, right, communist, anarchist, and libertarian. But are we really even talking about the same things? I don't think so. 
If you look back to the original meanings of left and right, what you'll find is these are more or less perspectives of life and morality. Going to the original french usages as a basis, the "right" can be divided into two camps: the first believes there *should* be a certain hierarchy of power and wealth in a society, the other believes there naturally will always be a hierarchy of power and wealth. The "left" can also be divided into two halves: one believes that all inequality is *inherently* unjust, and the other believes that certain types of inequality are unjust and in general there would be much less overall inequality if certain *unjust systems* weren't in place. 
The extreme right (there *should* be hierarchy) and extreme left (there *should* be total equality) tend to gravitate toward more authoritarian, statist approaches. On the other hand, in the broad middle, you'll find views the advocate centralization of power, as well as views that advocate decentralization and individual sovereignty. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:13:27
Are you one of those guys who thinks interspersing "fuck" and "shit" in an intellectual conversation makes you trendy? Yeah, that stopped being cool when every hipster journalist started doing that in 2012.
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:19:41
So perhaps instead of bashing Rand for getting involved in the conversation, people should write to him and explain the concept of colored coins. I think it's a great idea, with the blockchain as the foundation. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 07:24:28


What is this supposed to mean? 
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:26:39
Nonetheless, very few people have expressed the feeling that gox users *deserved* what happened. 
@_date: 2014-06-26 06:57:08
[edit: deleted first part]


I'm not sure that's what social justice means, but that does sound like equality of opportunity and equalization of power across gender lines, which is something progressives, liberals, classical liberals, and libertarians/anarchists of all kinds agree on.
@_date: 2014-06-10 14:45:48


A) Ghash.IO does not have a monopoly B) Each industry has different economies of scale


What we have today is a monopoly of force on the part of the state via its police forces and military. The state is just as coercive as any gang, if you don't pay up. I don't know what you mean by "zero oversight", as a market involves oversight by the people.


It's unclear to me if you're referring to rights enforcement agencies or companies in general. In either case, where would any company get the capital necessary to form any kind of monopoly on scarce resources? We're talking trillions of dollars in value and and an impossibly high enforcement cost to control that much idle property. Moreover, ancap theory involves the concept of the homesteading principle, and ownership of idle land or natural resources isn't really a part of this societal model. Regarding the point about asymmetric information, while that can provide an advantage to a seller of a good/service, I see no reason to think it would ever get to the point of making that advantage significant. There are plenty of industries today in which there is no gov't-based consumer advocacy, and monopoly has not resulted from that.
@_date: 2014-11-20 06:19:24


The academic field of economics is not like chemistry. Two different people with PhDs in economics can easily have completely different ideas about what should and shouldn't be done.


Lessons will inevitably be learned from bad events. But to suggest a dichotomy between there being an FDIC and people having to "gamble" on whether a bank will fail really limits the discussion. 


Storing money under a mattress is rather juvenile suggestion. Of course when you make comparisons to storing money under a mattress or "gambling", the FDIC sounds pretty good.


At whose expense?
@_date: 2014-05-13 17:48:03
I'm not sure what you mean by centuries of history, but the welfare state is a relatively recent invention -- it emerged in the last 80 years or so. 
There are two things governments do today that broadly fall under the label of "welfare" -- one is social security, and one is charity. Social security includes things like unemployment, temporary disability, and welfare... Charity includes things like paying for people with permanent disability, helping the mentally ill, homeless, etc. 
There's an established history of social security that predates the welfare state. In addition to having labor unions that improved working standards and job security, workers in the 19th century participated in mutual aid societies, that provided social security -- i.e. things like unemployment/welfare and temporary disability coverage. Obviously, charity also existed back then. Thus, it's pretty clear the welfare state replaced things people were already doing on a voluntary, decentralized basis. 
@_date: 2014-07-19 04:26:54
Well, they already have access to that.
@_date: 2014-03-06 22:34:57
Wow lots of downvotes from mad/dumb kids. Anyone care to comment?
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:06:22
Yes, such things are usually said by some upper middle class white shit disturbers, who are usually bankrolled by some rich white shit disturbers. That said, there are legitimately black and brown people who have these beliefs, but they were probably either a) educated by a professor meeting the aforementioned description or b) grew up in a country where white foreigners came in and imposed collectivist statism on them (latin america I'm looking at you). 
@_date: 2014-03-06 05:58:03
@_date: 2014-07-10 00:29:38
I'm not sure if your analogy is meant to contrast unregulated vs regulated bitcoin, but if so, I disagree with that characterization. Your analogy seems to more accurately compare the do-it-yourself bitcoin approach (which is can be risky for non-expert users) to the bitcoin bank approach (think Circle, similar services). Granted, for such services to exist, they need to follow financial regulations, and to that extent regulatory clarity is valuable/needed. However, it's not as if such services couldn't exist and be just as useful without regulation.
@_date: 2014-03-04 06:05:40


No, no it isn't.


You suggested fedora or debian as an alternative to ubuntu, rather than the much more logical option of using a non-unity version of ubuntu. You're right mint isn't canonical, but kubuntu isn't distributed by canonical either, and neither is ubuntu gnome. Debian doesn't even include non-free firmware meaning a lot of users won't be able to figure out how to get past installation. Including an ad for ubuntu cloud is irrelevant... I disapprove of the amazon thing, but advertising their cloud services in no way affects one's privacy or security. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 06:27:56
Well I didn't make the original comment, but I think what the OP means is that ubuntu is well understood by a large community of both supporters and critics. We all know it comes with certain security problems (i.e. stuff related to cannonical servers), but it's also well documented that those holes can be closed. On the other hand, if some guy spins a debian-based distro from the ground up, there won't be nearly as many eyes continually auditing it.
@_date: 2014-06-07 09:18:54
In which case, one should have no faith in government, either.
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:27:25
But of course someone who says "capitalism itself is violence" isn't any kind of fundamentalist. Amirite?
@_date: 2014-05-05 20:04:15
It's not just about being in someone's "pocket". People like krugman are diehard keynesians, and part of their belief system is that an elite knows what's best for society and they should guide it on both macro and micro levels.
@_date: 2014-07-12 07:19:59


This whole fixation on what "a bitcoin" is worth in dollars is a real distraction. It's just 1/13,000,000th of the total value held in btc. It would be helpful if the various denomination had easy/cool names (the 'satoshi' is good but the others aren't).
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:04:53


Who are "they"? 


Ok, so that's your arbitrary definition for what it means. But that's not what people who advocate free and open markets are talking about. 


Exploit? This word is used in so many different ways, it's impossible to know what you actually mean.
@_date: 2014-03-03 22:05:26
These things are no longer an issue with new versions of linux. I can boot a macbook pro and a standard uefi pc off the same drive.
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:17:29
Of course, but they also sell really nice laptops.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:27:44
I may be reading between the lines a bit, but your post seems to suggest for-profit prisons or the demand for prison labor are somehow causative with respect to the war on drugs. While I agree the 'slavery' you speak of is pretty sad and immoral, it's certainly not the reason behind the mass incarceration that's going on. People often talk about private prisons and the war on drugs, but corporate run prisons make up a very small percentage of the overall U.S. prison system. Drug prohibition and the war on drugs predates the rise in private prisons significantly. I guess my main point is, the war on drugs is/was an ideologically driven movement with puritan, social conservative, religious, and racist elements to it. The 'working for pennies' stuff is just a bit of salt on the wound. 
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:45:17


Flu vaccination hasn't been going on for that long. What are you talking about?
@_date: 2014-03-04 06:07:31
It's the users who can change that... If we all didn't allow google to track us, but still used their search engine, they would have to change their business model and only target ads based on context, and forget about the behavioral tracking crap. I get your point but at the end of the day if I need to find something, I have the most success with google.
@_date: 2014-10-02 19:32:33
But that's not what a ponzi scheme is. 
@_date: 2014-04-13 01:07:00


It most certainly could mean that. Direct democracy could come in many different forms, and to be dismissive of any concerns over a vaguely defined concept is silly. I agree that it *could* work, depending on the particular form. It sounds like the form you're advocating would be reasonable, but don't ignore the fact that there are people who advocate 51 percent majority rule.


That would depend entirely on who's taking part in the discussions and how they get to that position.


Be that as it may, I was referring to the u.s. constitution, which has nothing to do with any of the things the u.s. government does today for the benefit of the wealthy.


Slavery was, sadly, very common in that era (and in all eras prior). The prevailing thought in all countries, whether capitalist or not, was that slavery had some economic imperative. As you may know, brazil, which was neither democratic nor capitalist, imported more black slaves from africa during the same period of time as the u.s. colonies did. Since the u.s. constitution declared all men as being equal, the convenient excuse -- which a large number of people believed out of scientific ignorance -- was that black africans were a sub-human species. 
While there is no ethical excuse for slavery, the u.s. put much greater restrictions on slavery than any prior nation state, because the only way slavery could be permitted was by enslaving "subhuman" beings, rather than enslaving people on some arbitrary basis. This is in contrast to the long history of slavery in europe, the middle east, asia, latin america, and africa, where slavery had no theoretical ethical justification of any kind, not even one based on a pseudoscientific understanding of race. 




That doesn't mean we can't be informed by ideas that worked in the past and are still applicable today, the u.s. constitution being one such set of ideas.


That's an interesting idea, but if we ever get to the point of being in the position to create a new system of governance, I think a better option might be do away with the idea of centralized government all together, and instead allow voluntary institutions to emerge in a democratic fashion out of a free marketplace.  
@_date: 2014-11-23 22:48:18
Not only is bitcoin quite popular among people in Asia, but I know numerous Indian people living in the West who are quite into btc.
@_date: 2014-02-17 03:11:28
It appears you have failed at life.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:17:30
It sounds like you'd be a fan on the Indonesian justice system. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:00:28
Absolutely. The internet is decentralized and that's a big part of why it has been so great. I'm all for mesh networking and other even more decentralized innovations, but I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with the architecture of the net as it exists today -- and the use of encryption can prevent snooping by ISP corporations and the government. 
@_date: 2014-10-11 04:07:01


"The right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed"
@_date: 2014-05-09 23:43:04
Are you aware of any individual, company, or other organization that a) will defy FISA court orders or b) will defy National Security Letters? It would be nice if someone high profile did, but it would effectively be a revolutionary act against the government. 
One of the more principled responses to such orders came from Lavabit, who shut down their service following national security requests... But that was after they handed over the crypto keys that were demanded. Extend that logic to every instance, and I guess we'd just have to shut down the entire internet...
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:35:38
Libertarians don't believe in centralized education, so how on earth could they be advocating a specific curriculum that teaches creationism? I think you misread something. Also: religion is by no means inherently left or right wing.
As for removing social safety nets, your argument falsely assumes that only a centralized state could provide social security. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 09:08:15
Still liking my nexus 4. With cyanogenmod, of course. 
@_date: 2014-03-04 06:32:44
That's true, those services can be useful for a lot of things. 
In any case, I would still recommend using a VPN to prevent your isp from spying on you, and other types of side channel threats. 
@_date: 2014-03-07 03:21:15
When one speaks of "the rule" and "the exception", one is referring to the norm, and the outliers, respectively. 
@_date: 2014-05-31 21:09:14
The centralized server is cause for concern, and according to statements I read before, the darkwallet guys want to do away with that aspect of it eventually. 
I disagree with the notion that one is trusting chrome or google when using darkwallet, though. The app gets installed locally on your computer (it's open source html and js) and chrome simply renders it. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:02:32
Autobahns work just  fine.
@_date: 2014-05-02 17:27:29
I'd like to know what makes you think he's in the pocket of the 'israel lobby'. I mean, he and his father have both held the position that israel has a right to exist and is a legitimate country. Aside from that, has rand advocated any type of interventionism that the 'israel lobby' might be calling for?
@_date: 2014-07-24 20:16:54
Any prebuilt desktop is overpriced. The alienware laptops don't seem overpriced to me.
@_date: 2014-04-12 05:51:23
If people want their children to learn that, they're already being taught it at home, or they're being homeschooled, or they're going to a private school that teaches this. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:58:18
What's the rush?
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:19:29
I think what's being suggested is that law enforcement efforts should be spent on the most serious problems first, but instead an utterly massive portion of law enforcement activity is related to the low hanging fruit that is drug "crime".
@_date: 2014-05-01 20:21:26
What makes you think firefox is any more secure than chrome? Much more likely that it's considerably less secure given its architecture.
@_date: 2014-02-28 11:00:36
In normal discourse, these are basically the same thing. Gox is bankrupt, therefore it needed to file for bankruptcy protection.
@_date: 2014-06-30 04:18:18
Yeah, It has been around for about two decades. It started as a hobby/experiment and by the late 90s began to get real investment of peoples' time and/or capital. Five or so years later, its server market share went *to the moon* as they say around here.
Anyway, my point with the 18 month comment was that most new open source projects fail, but so do most new businesses.
@_date: 2014-02-17 03:14:23
Anything that isn't prohibited by law is, by default, legal.
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:43:04
Libertarianism is not particularly left or right in any classical sense of the terms. While libertarians can be either a bit to the "left" or "right", I don't think any true libertarian can be a "leftist" or a "rightist" because such views (in the classical sense) don't leave room for organic processes like the free market. I don't think there's much point in talking about contemporary uses of "left" and "right" because these terms have become so confused.
@_date: 2014-05-13 05:27:39
The problem isn't so much who operates the prisons. The problem is the laws that are on the books, and the reasons people get sent to prison.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:13:07
Facilitating the buying and selling products is quite different from attempting to murder people. He hasn't been convicted of attempted murder 
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:36:33
I don't have those stats. But hey, I'm not the one obsessed with race. :) To me, people are people. 
@_date: 2014-06-22 09:12:45
Democracy Now basically presents a non-establishment progressive perspective for and by old ex-hippies as well as millennial hipsters.
@_date: 2014-11-15 23:10:25
The shirt might be "weird" from a fashion point of view... But there's nothing "weird" about a man possessing sexually suggestive images of women (nor would there be anything wrong with *anyone* having a sexually suggestive cartoon image of either adult gender, on a shirt or otherwise). 
The people complaining about this are disgusting and pathetic. It's really sad that this guy felt he had to apologize. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:21:07
I think the point was that the priorities of law enforcement are way out of whack, and that's assuming one thinks there should be drug laws in the first place. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 06:35:51
Why on earth would any extension need access to "your data on all websites"? Maybe it's time for google to step up to the plate and remove this possibility from the chrome browser, or, if there is some justification for having this capability, make the implications much more explicitly clear to users.
@_date: 2014-03-21 07:43:58
Vaccinated against what? There are countless different vaccines. Some certainly are worth it. Others, not at all.
@_date: 2014-06-08 20:40:14
Anything will be profitable if there's demand for it. In this case, government creates the demand by confiscating our money and using it to pay for all the surveillance. 
If google executives or managers wouldn't comply, they could arrest and charge them in secret court. Same for low level employees. NSA would simply issue "National Security Letters" to whomever necessary to get the job done.
@_date: 2015-05-29 20:22:19
A *bit* harsh, you say?
@_date: 2014-03-06 06:10:59
Yeah, 'progressive' from the working class up to around the upper middle class. Make $500,000 in a year after 15 years of med school, and obama and the state of california will make sure you pay 53 percent of that to them. Make billions and bankroll a few political campaigns, and you'll pay 5 percent.
@_date: 2014-05-02 17:35:23
Yeah, chrome contains flash and a pdf viewer. Most people using FF a) do not compile it from source b) do not perform md5 checksum c) run it with proprietary plugins and, most importantly d) run it on a proprietary operating system.
I'm going to assume that for any FF users to whom all or most of those statements *don't* apply, they also know about the chromium project and wouldn't be waiting for an FF version of this plugin to be released to feel secure. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:30:41
In this context, regulation would mean special rules surrounding voluntary transactions in bitcoin, whereas prosecuting criminality would mean charging people with the common law crime of fraud.
@_date: 2014-01-16 02:01:41
struck me as a hardcore statist of some kind or another. Could be a neocon for all I know
@_date: 2014-12-20 00:12:05
When I pay a guy $250 cash to do some drywall work at my house, that's free market capitalism. When I buy a sack of weed for $20, that's free market capitalism too.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:18:30
I'm pretty sure most people who hear about the Aaron Swartz case think the jail time he was facing was utterly absurd, and his death was nothing short of tragic. 
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:01:01
"Democratic" isn't exactly a precisely defined concept. If you're talking about representative democracy or 51% overruling the 49%, then that doesn't really sound too appealing. A market with competing currencies would probably be the most democratic model.
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:02:59


Yeah, because representative democracy works so well. /s
@_date: 2015-01-20 01:13:05
Prosecuting criminality is not the same thing as regulation.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:38:21
The autobahn approach is applicable to freeways, not "every single road". Nevertheless, the vast majority of roads have needlessly low speed limits set by politicians, not engineers. 
@_date: 2014-12-02 23:24:43


Unions are a part of the free market. There's no contradiction.
It's hard to know exactly what you're alluding to about the 1970s. Care to elaborate?


Some jobs might be like that, but most aren't. 


"The poor" are not a monolithic entity. I'm sure some poor people are treated badly by some other people. Other poor people are treated well by people. Everyone's life story is different. What specifically did you have in mind when you made this comment?


You're definitely presenting a glass half-empty perspective here. I don't really have any issues with my food and housing suppliers. Where I live, housing costs are certainly inflated due to bad government policy (monetary policy and land use regulation), but that's another story. What's your alternative to finding a 'least disagreeable' supplier? Having a single supplier? 


The biggest corporations, especially the ones with significant state privilege, tend not to support free markets. It's actually pretty rare to see any major corporation supporting free market positions in politics.  Politicians, especially Republican ones, who talk about "free markets" are very rarely advocates of actual market freedom. Doublespeak is, of course, typical of politicians of all stripes. 


Care to define moderate and extreme in this context? It's really hard to know what you're alluding to.
@_date: 2015-01-17 00:37:27
The bitcoin ecosystem is an immature market that is still in the process of separating the wheat from the chaff. 
As you point out, a pseudonymous currency makes bitcoin a magnet for scammers, so the problem is more pronounced than in other markets. 
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:23:32


@_date: 2014-06-10 17:54:01
Ancap theory is not about changing human nature. It's about a decentralized system that advocates believe would yield optimal results within the context of existing human nature. The general thinking behind ancap theory is, effectively, a radical extension of classical liberalism.
@_date: 2014-06-10 08:52:45
The argument is that such a system would be, on the whole, less corruptible, and, by definition, would not be monopolized. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 01:53:36
A distinction without a significant difference. If one is a libertarian, then his/her views can't be extremely left or right in the classical meaning of those terms. Left and right libertarians have a somewhat different view of life, but they more or less come to the same conclusions about what type of system is the most just.
@_date: 2014-05-05 20:08:35
True, beck is a conservative, but he also has a lot of libertarian views. Although his opinions are generally pretty lacking in nuance and depth, he's not a run of the mill establishment conservative.
@_date: 2014-07-21 07:22:01
Competing "centralized" currencies would be far better than a single centralized currency monopoly like we have today. Granted, bitcoin is even better than competing private currencies...
@_date: 2015-07-10 07:29:22
The separation of commercial banking and investment banking was only part of what is colloquially known as Glass Steagall. Along with it came the FDIC insurance model, which created a new type of moral hazard. 
@_date: 2015-02-16 08:34:12
Assuming we're talking about U.S companies... There are dozens of large media companies competing online, probably hundreds of medium sized operations, thousands of highly successful independent content producers. It's a very competitive market, and when you add in the role of user-generated content and social media, any comparisons to the mass media landscape from a few decades ago is laughable. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:48:43
Insurance provides compensation for lots of things that aren't recoverable.
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:32:13
There's nothing preventing companies from offering bitcoin safe keeping along with insurance.
@_date: 2013-12-10 08:30:45
Give it some time. The stars are aligning with Steam OS, Tizen, Firefox OS, and Ubuntu Phone, and I'm convinced there's a big chance Windows will be out to pasture in the relatively near future.