@_author: stab6
@_date: 2018-01-07 09:54:48
I don't think you can determine weather something is a bubble based on its current market cap relative to previous bubbles. And it's insane to say that it's impossible for crypto to be a bubble because its market cap is smaller than the dot com bubble. Crypto is a completely different beast so the dot com and crypto market will probably not behave in the same way. The point of bubbles and bubble pops is that they're not predictable. IMO the crypto market right now is a ticking time bomb. Mostly due to the insane valuations given to currencies that obviously don't deserve the valuations they have. 
And also, other companies are putting out statements saying they're planning to do something with cryptocurrency or blockchain technology and their stocks double in value or more immediately afterwards. And I'm sure a lot of companies caught on and said something like that just to see a boost in stock price. Without any real plans to do anything related to crypto. Same exact thing happened with companies creating websites during the dot com bubble because they knew even if it was half assed and had no plans to use it the investors wouldn't care as long as they had a dot com associated with their company. The same irrational mentality of throwing money at anything remotely related to crypto is not a good sign.
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:45:00
This isn't an "if" we see a correction. It's going to happen sooner rather than later. Tons of people buying into crypto right now not even knowing what it is ever since its gotten all the public attention. So lots of dumb money in crypto the sharp investors will pull out. But yeah, if you believe in bitcoin and other crypto long term then obviously the short term correction doesn't matter. I personally think selling now and buying after a crash/correction at a lower price might not be a bad move.
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:30:00
use bitquick, by far the easiet site to sell btc I know of
@_date: 2017-12-14 07:11:16
I also keep seeing this repeated literally every day and yes, a lot of these crypto holders do seem to have a cult like-mentality around all coins. Don't sell and buy all dips is what they all keep telling each other. I guess it's a very effective way to see the value of their assets continue to go up. Until the whales unload their stash. Then everyone is fucked. Some of these people preaching this mentality over and over might even be the whales themselves baiting people to continue pumping the price to where they want it.