@_author: stabletear
@_date: 2018-01-09 19:53:18
Are you sure? SpectroCoin uses [the Mychoice company]( not WaveCrest to issue their Visa cards.
@_date: 2017-12-08 08:26:04
Just Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-12 07:21:12
From what I understand there would be two settlements. The first would be on lightning between the two parties (via the smart contracts). This is the scalable settlement piece. It scales because it doesn't have to wait to be included in the block immediately. This is how more than 12 million people could settle easily more than once a month. The lightning transactions, aggregated, would be included on the blockchain after, so it's like including the millions of settlements from lightning in the next block. Essentially you will be able to do millions of transactions per second and settle them immediately off-chain (lightning) and then after a while (depending on how full the mempool is) aggregated on-chain.
@_date: 2017-12-05 14:37:06
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:59:13
This sounds like something you can ask at [if you are willing to pay a reward.
@_date: 2017-12-07 13:52:53
You can use [blockchain.info/address/]( to view the balance of any address on the blockchain. Just specify the public address after the slash. Something like [
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:40:35
I think I understand where you are coming from, but I don't think executing a lightning transaction opens a channel on the blockchain every single time. It's done via smart contracts that find a route between the two parties on the network. It uses the enforceability of blockchain without having to immediately include the transaction (broadcast) on the blockchain. There is a [video on the Lightning Network website]( that discusses how this is done. The idea scales millions to potentially billions of transactions per second, without needing to change the blockchain blocksize. From my analogy, Segwit wallets as savings accounts is more about preference than necessity. You could put everything in your checking account if you want.
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:01:53
Not OP and I'm still trying to wrap my head around how everything works, but my understanding is a bit different. Increasing the blocksize is kicking the can down the road. The scaling problem will resurface and you will end up doing it again and again until it is uneconomical for an individual to run a full node unless they have some super hardware, storage and bandwidth. From what I understand, Segwit wasn't designed to be the complete scaling solution, but it is a prerequisite to the real scaling solution, which is lightning. Lightning would simultaneously reduce the number of transactions on the blockchain while providing lower fees and additional privacy. If you want a banking analogy, you can think of your lightning wallet as your checking account and your segwit wallet as your savings account. Lightning (again, from what I understand) aggregates a whole bunch of transactions off chain and then includes it in the blockchain. The fee on the blockchain could be relatively high to make sure it gets confirmed, but the transaction fee in lightning would be low because this fee is divided among all the aggregated transactions. I don't think having unsettled transactions for years was the idea.
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:40:54
You are mostly correct. While no-one can predict the future (and yes, most of what you see in Bitcoin now is speculation), you need to keep in mind that Bitcoin is global, like the Internet is global. One or two exchanges going down isn't going to impact the price of Bitcoin. From what I recall, the largest US based exchange, Coinbase, accounts for about 6% of global bitcoin traffic. Them going down is not going to move the price much. Bitcoin is used in a practical manner right now for remittances, especially in countries with hyperinflation like [Venezuela and the Congo]( In the short term, run on exchanges would mean that you can't convert your bitcoin to Fiat, but in the longer term the idea is to allow Bitcoin to be used instead of Fiat. If we will ever reach there, I don't know, but with increasing adoption and demand, more companies may accept Bitcoin as a payment option and the reality may be here sooner than we think.
@_date: 2017-11-22 12:28:30
From what I understand they need to settle on CME between [25% and 30% in Bitcoin](
@_date: 2017-11-28 12:41:01
It's relatively easy to create a new cryptocurrency (wikipedia says it's [1324]( and counting). Each new cryptocurrency either starts at 0 (with no usage, no mining and no immediate utility) or it's a fork (branch) of an existing cryptocurrency (in which case you need to convince everyone to switch over to keep the network effect going). Bitcoin may not remain on top for the long term, but the two things it has going for it are technology and momentum. The alternatives may have superior technology, but rolling in proven, tested, more advanced technology into Bitcoin is easier than trying to get the momentum that Bitcoin has into an alternative crypto. As cryptocurrencies are relatively new to the finance world, while anyone can create one, without the network effect, it can just as easily disappear. The fact that Bitcoin has survived as long as it has legitimises it to some degree. With increasing demand and limited supply, the price will go up until there is a balance. Nothing goes up forever though, so there will probably be some harsh corrections on the way. With the increased momentum, the real question is if Bitcoin can maintain its momentum even if there is a crash. Historically, it seems yes, but as the network grows bigger, this becomes more difficult.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:55:06
No, it's not resistant to bubbles. As the user base increases demand increases to buy and there is liquidity scarcity (not finding anyone to sell at the current price) the price goes up. When someone from the financial sector says something about a bubble, more people may become aware and buy. People who are new to the system may expect immediate (or near immediate) returns and if the price goes down, may panic and sell. Bitcoin isn't immune to human nature.
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:52:14
YMMV but [Spectrocoin]( does this as well.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:26:15
The potential utility of Bitcoin increases the more users there are and the more institutional investors get interested the higher the demand with a limited supply. [This video]( explains it nicely.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:32:37
From what I have observed, Bitcoin seems to be more aiming on replacing gold that replacing fiat. It's working as a store of value that happens to be very easily transferable. Worth is subjective. Are [these cars]( worth the price? It's really if someone is willing to buy at the price.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:09:17
Bitcoin transactions are designed to be non-reversible. You would need to ask the seller to send you back your bitcoin as a refund. Obviously this can work for companies, but is not ideal for something like ebay. To protect yourself (and for the seller to protect themselves) you would probably have to use an [escrow service like escrow my bits]( where the bitcoin stays in the service and is only completely transferred when everyone is happy.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:10:59
It usually takes a while to get authorized at the exchanges. If you are using a popular US one, it will take a bit longer because the US exchanges were [recently overloaded]( with traffic from new accounts + trades. From what I understand, once you open an account you can buy, but at a low limit. The verification is necessary to move the limit higher. Companies like [Square]( are planning on rolling out capability to buy and sell Bitcoin almost instantly. There are growing pains with anything new, but it is something that is being addressed, one way or another.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:00:35
When lightning and other offchain solutions come on stream, using Bitcoin instead of Paypal may make sense. These solutions would reduce the processing time and the fees. From what I can tell, Bitcoin right now is used by two types of people: speculators and people sending remittances. While you can buy stuff online using Bitcoin at sites like [Purse.io]( its volitility means that unless you have been holding for a (relatively) long time, you might end up paying more than you expected (like the [10000 BTC Pizza guy]( Sometimes if you want something pseudo anonymous, like a privacy VPN, you can pay them in BTC. While using Paypal is an easier experience for the general population, once critical mass is reached and there is general stability in the price, it's quite likely that services like Paypal will allow you to pay with Bitcoin just like you can pay with Visa though their site.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:51:41
The price is global economics at work. Lower supply, increased adoption and demand. The higher [the fee]( you pay the faster your request gets processed.
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:47:02
...and if you want [Turing Complete Smart Contracts]( you can have those too as a sidechain.
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:53:23
So I'll bite. The problem is perspective. Roger had (and with BCH supporters arguably still has) significant sway over non-technical perception and as a result, behaviour, especially with newcomers regarding bitcoin.
Imagine BCH emerges as the one-true-Bitcoin implementation. Now imagine someone decided to fork BCH into, let's say BCX, buys bitcoin.net and proceeds to go on TV saying BCX is the real Bitcoin, say BCH should really be called Fred, buy SEO results directing users to bitcoin.net etc.
The technical merits of BCH vs BCX don't matter to the non-technical public. If someone wanted to buy BCH and ends up buying BCX because of misinformation, they may not be too happy about the whole thing. As someone who is supporting BCH I imagine you wouldn't be too happy about it either.