@_author: stabilus2
@_date: 2017-09-01 10:58:14
I vote for "legit". btc-e.nz was a domain they owned pre-seizure. The twitter account was owned pre-seizure and points to the .nz domain. Plus verification took place through both my old 2FA and my mail address. Plus the data of all balances is entirely correct. So whoever is running btc-e.nz owns (a copy of) the database.
If it was the feds running the .nz domain (highly doubtful), by logging in and checking your balances, you're not giving away any more information that they have already.
If this was all a fbi honey pot, then the next move would be to do the kyc identifications (which coincidentially will be the legit btc-e's next move as well). Of course, here you have to decide whether the anonymity of btc-e was essential to you or whether you want your money back. For all those that have nothing to hide, there should not be a problem complying with the new kyc requirements.
@_date: 2017-07-25 22:36:17
well, they are not exactly twittering a lot, last nonsensical message 3 hours ago. Wouldn't it be in order to explain the public what's going on after a full day of supposedly fixing the data center?
The longer this remains unclear the more their reputation takes a hit.
@_date: 2017-07-26 12:55:18
or it is btce's way of securing as many btc as possible remain on their exchange so that when and if btc splits into btc and bcc (bitcoin cash) they can pull the same scam they had already done when Ether split and btce only paid out ETH and kept ETC (classic) for themselves. They must be aware that people - given btce's history with splits - would withdraw their btc from the exchange to a privately owned wallet. If btce remains down until after the split they can pull the same scam again.
@_date: 2017-07-25 22:51:34
the exit scam would bring in a lot of quick cash - some 10% of bitcoin's market cap. But I agree, it would be so stupid to compromise an ongoing - so far impecably led - business. Can it be a ddos? Probably not. Last time they communicated openly that they were under a ddos attack.More  likely at this point unfortunately,  is a hack. Question now of course: how bad is it? will they do the honorable thing and cover the losses or will they forward the losses to their customers. And if so, what percentage is lost?
@ btc-e: of course you could stop this kind of speculation and simply inform properly! 