@_author: stacycreeves
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:23:32
I agree they can be really bad.  A lot of the opinions seem to be only supportive of a certain kind of woman, and very dismissive and condescending towards other kinds (the fact that this is getting downvoted is obvious proof of that).  Which to me defeats the whole point of equality and freedom of choice.  But I'm also glad that they're there, because sometimes you need the hardline radicals to exist to make positive change happen somewhere in the more reasonable middle, where most women are.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:47:45
The problem is that when a woman does fight and defend her equality and her freedom, or tries to change the bad laws, she gets called a feminist (among other things), and with that comes a slew of other assumptions, judgements, and treatment, usually negative.  
Just look at your post.  You say "Since I'm not gay, I won't peen a feminist."  My point exactly.
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:40:44
Judges throw out contracts all the time, not just prenups.  And it's not "luck of the draw," it's related to how reasonable and fair the initial contract was.  A prenup that says "she gets nothing no matter what" will definitely get tossed, just like a contract that says "we can take your money and give you nothing for it" will definitely get tossed.  The best way to ensure your contract/prenup holds up is to make it fair and reasonable to both parties (as judged by an unbiased outsider, not the two parties themselves).
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:49:06
I should give you some of my 100 BTC for such a fabulous comment but since I only have 50 BTC I am unfortunately unable to pay you with the 0 BTC that I have.  
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:46:51
I just wanted to say that I consider myself a feminist but I also support traditional gender stereotypes.  I very much support women who want to stay at home, keep house, raise the kids, defer to their husband on decisions, etc, and the men who want that in their wives.  I just also support those who choose a different path.  For me feminism is about both genders having the freedom to choose and enjoy whatever lifestyle they want to pursue.
Just want to say that you shouldn't paint feminism with such a harsh brush.  I know why it has the connotation it does, especially on reddit, and I understand why you think that way, but not every female who supports feminism acts like a man or wants to be treated like one.
@_date: 2013-11-18 22:05:10


That, I 100% agree with.  Among other things.
Just wanted to put it out there that just because a woman speaks for women's rights, it doesn't make her a man-hating butch lesbian feminist.  Just like a man who believes in men's rights doesn't make him a woman-hating oppressive rapist pig.  
Like I said, I would call myself a feminist.  But I also believe strongly in men's rights, particularly in discussions of child support, abortions, divorce settlements, etc.  Both genders have to deal with unfair treatment in various situations.  
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:32:20
Lying and withholding financial information in a divorce is pretty common with regular assets.  If you can get away with it, well then you've committed a crime and didn't get caught.  If the ex later finds out about it though, or someone rats you out, then you've committed perjury, and your divorce case will go back before a judge and the judge will issue you some kind of punitive financial amount.  In some cases it has been 100% of the hidden funds (and in the case of BTC, the value may have tripled since you lied about it, meaning you've really lost six times what you would have lost had you just told the truth), plus all legal fees for the other spouse.  
Moral of the story:  Get a prenup (and choose well when you pick a spouse).
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:58:41


Can't argue too much with that. 
Though I disagree that freedom of choice would dismantle any group.  That's what freedom of choice is, in the feminism discussion.  The ability for a woman to choose whether she wants to work, not work, have kids, not have kids, go to college, not go to college, etc without society at large telling her that in doing so, she's not a "proper" woman.    
@_date: 2013-11-18 23:18:56
I haven't, but she sounds interesting.  And I agree that it has to happen on an interpersonal level.  You can change the laws of man, but that doesn't mean you've changed their hearts. Thought I'm not much of an anarchist. 
@_date: 2013-11-18 18:56:48
Yes, they can, but "often" is not accurate.  It's more likely that they get challenged and settled out of court, like every other legal case.  The ones that get thrown out usually weren't set up correctly in the first place - i.e.: lying about resources, improper legal counsel, not filed correctly, not balanced and reasonable, etc.  