@_author: standard_error
@_date: 2017-12-04 07:44:54
Given that the issue of tax havens is drawing increasing interest currently, I'm a bit skeptical about the potential for Bitcoin in the developed world - incentives are strong for governments to regulate it (and for good reasons in my opinion). 
Other than that, I think we are mostly in agreement. This probably means that there's nothing glaringly obvious that I've missed about Bitcoin. So thank you the discussion, it has been enlightening!
@_date: 2017-12-02 22:38:56
Bitcoin is somewhat like a pyramid scheme because the people that got in early are making money off more people buying, while those entering later are making less money or losing money (we'll see). 
Fiat currency is not like that at all, because the price is kept stable by a central bank. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 21:46:28
I want to clarify one part of my argument. I realize that Bitcoin is very different from tulips, but I think that there are two parts to it: the current speculative bubble, and the potential for it to work as a currency at some point in the future. I would argue that these are largely separate issues, and that the first one can be analysed without much reference to the second one - thus the tulip analogy.
For the second one, you have provided some arguments for why Bitcoin might not be worse than central bank money, but I haven't seen any arguments for why it would be better. In other words, I still don't know why we would *want* Bitcoin. I understand that the blockchain will be immensely useful, but I believe that will manifest itself under a different system, run by banks and/or governments.
As for inflation vs deflation, there are arguments for why inflation is preferable. One is that wages are sticky downwards, which makes it hard to adjust them in a recession. Inflation can help by reducing real wages.
I appreciate that you're interested in a serious discussion about this, because I genuinely don't know yet whether there's something I'm failing to understand about Bitcoin, or if is the Bitcoin evangelists who are failing to understand things. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:55:01
I am not a macro economist, so take what I write with a grain of salt. Here's my general take on Bitcoin: first, it seems quite clear that right now, the price is driven almost purely by speculation. I don't have hard numbers, but my impression is that the people buying Bitcoins because they want to use them for transactions make up a rather small share of all buyers. The talk I see around here about Bitcoin not being a speculative bubble while at the same time gloating about getting in early is almost self-contradictory. I did read the post you linked to somewhere where you argued that the volatility is a natural part of price discovery. While I agree with that in principle, I can't see any reason to believe that the price is currently moving towards, rather than away from, a future equilibrium price.
As for the long-term viability of Bitcoin, I can see that it has some uses (and here I'm really not as well read as I perhaps should be, so please correct any mistakes): it facilitates transferring assets from anywhere to anywhere. For developed countries, this might be useful, but I don't see that demand would be huge. Furthermore, from what I hear, transactions are becoming slow and expensive, which reduces their usefulness. I don't doubt that blockchain technology will be very important in the financial system in the future, but I expect that most people will be happy enough with a version provided by the banks, with all the extra safeguards that provides. Bitcoin seems to be very useful for people in countries with currency restrictions, like Venezuela, but again, the high price of transactions could hamper that. It's also somewhat useful for criminals, but I don't care about that. 
As I mentioned above, I think the lack of regulation for price stability is a fatal flaw in Bitcoin, and I can't see a way around it. [This graph]( of US inflation history is instructive - before the era of inflation-targeting monetary policy by central banks, there were large and unpredictable price fluctuations. This makes planning hard for individuals and firms, and thus hampers the economy. I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on this aspect.
It also seems to me like many of the ideological proponents of Bitcoin want a currency that is outside government control. I respect that, but I don't think there are enough people with that ideological position to carry Bitcoin. To succeed it has to be more useful than other currencies to regular people, and I don't understand how it could be.
As for the price history of Bitcoin, you might be right that it is exceptional in terms of the size of the movements, but that does not necessarily make it exceptionally interesting to an economist. To me it just looks like a wilder version of the same phenomenon we've seen since the tulip mania. It does come bundled with a very interesting technology, but that technology is not tied to Bitcoin.
I haven't quite answered your question about studying the monetary properties of Bitcoin compared to other bubbles. The reason is that I think the most useful point of departure is to think about the properties of Bitcoin as a currency, assuming it gets there. Since I believe the inherent problems are too big for it to be useful as a currency, I don't see much point in analysing the transition to that point.
Sorry if this was a bit rambling, I wanted to put down some thoughts but didn't have much time.
@_date: 2017-12-02 23:06:47
I do not think Bitcoin is particularly under-studied by economists, for a couple of reasons. First, the speculative bubble aspect of it is interesting, but it's not really anything new. Second, established theory is to a large extent applicable to Bitcoin, so there's not really a big need for new theory work. Economists have converged on the (empirically and theoretically grounded) belief that inflation targeting independent central banking is a good thing. Price stability is important, and inflation is strongly preferred to deflation. From this perspective, Bitcoin looks like a misguided idea. Third, Bitcoin is, frankly, not a very important phenomenon yet. It might become one, but so far its impact on the economy seems marginal. For that reason, and given that it might very well go away in a month (or it might not), it's not on the top of the agenda of economists. 
As you've seen, there have been a couple of papers in Economics Letters, but nothing that I've seen in the top journals. This seems about right to me at this point. If it keeps growing, it will become more important, and economists will study it closer. But right now, I think my colleagues in macro are right to largely wait and see.
@_date: 2017-12-02 11:11:06


I don't understand this - would you mind explaining what you mean?
@_date: 2017-12-02 10:40:07


[Is Bitcoin a Real Currency? An economic appraisal](
[Speculative bubbles in Bitcoin markets? An empirical investigation into the fundamental value of Bitcoin](
[The inefficiency of Bitcoin](
[On the inefficiency of Bitcoin](
[Volatility estimation for Bitcoin: A comparison of GARCH models](
[Price clustering in Bitcoin](
[The inefficiency of Bitcoin revisited: A dynamic approach](
[A new look at Cryptocurrencies](
It took me around 10 minutes to find these academic articles (all except the first one peer reviewed) - I'm sure there are many more.
@_date: 2011-09-09 17:39:28
My point is, if the government has stolen all this productivity increase, where did it go? If productivity has increased, someone must be better off. Who?
Also, let me address your claim that computers have not improved quality of life. How can you possibly argue that? What about having basically all the information in the world available instantly through the smartphone in your pocket? What about being able to communicate instantly with anyone in the world? What about all the advances in medicine that would have been impossible without computers? What about computer games? What about being able to listen to any album or watch any movie, anywhere, anytime? Explain to me how these things are not massive improvements in quality of life?
And finally, yes, the government does get some revenue from inflation, but in any functioning economy that revenue is negligible compared to tax revenue. When a government starts using inflation as a serious revenue instrument, things go south pretty fast. 
@_date: 2011-09-11 15:29:19
Ok, please show me the numbers on 1) the high growth rate of politicians' incomes that you're alluding to, and 2) US government inflation income.
@_date: 2011-09-07 13:25:51


Wait, where did the productivity increase go then? Has the real wage of government officials skyrocketed as a result of computerization? 
You're confusing the real economy with the nominal economy.