@_author: stanlarimer
@_date: 2015-06-18 03:19:10
Yes.  There are dozens of remarkable innovations associated with BitShares.  People say they want to invest in real innovation, then go buy a meme instead.  Then they wonder why they never seem to be able to successfully invest in the Next Big Thing.  Successful investors do their homework.  Losers listen to others with some hidden agenda.
Let me be clear:  We will continue to work to earn and raise additional funding because we have a huge set of new innovations still to be implemented.  There's a world to change out there and we need to pay to get all the work done that lies before us.    Over the past six months, the devs have worked at poverty pay levels (below minimum wage) while building an employee owned company that they hope will one day allow them to earn a better wage than their peers are making.  This is what Silicon Valley style startups do.  Are people below really criticizing that?
@_date: 2014-11-30 04:29:45
"Secure decentralized public ledgers enabling revolutionary sovereign incorruptible unmanned businesses." 
Bitcoin pioneered them, but they are not limited to currencies.  They can implement unmanned exchanges, voting systems, namespace services, gaming systems, music distribution, auctions, markets, smart contracts, etc.  Anything that  requires a ledger of transactions to be managed with robotically honest integrity.
@_date: 2014-12-26 03:39:53
If you think of Bitcoin as your checking account, think of BitShares as your savings account.  BitAssets are stable in purchasing power over the years and pay a rate of return that beats any bank savings account I've heard of.  Imagine a safer savings account that tracks any basket of currencies and commodities you think will protect your wealth best. Imagine if you could trust it with your privacy like you used to trust Swiss banks.   Game changer, no?
@_date: 2014-12-31 04:32:45
Well, each delegate gets up to 100% of 1 out of every 101 blocks, then has to wait till all the other delegates sign a block in some random order.  Most of those blocks get just 3%, unless they are doing something awesome the shareholders are willing to pay a higher percentage for.
@_date: 2014-12-31 00:30:36
The key thing that makes this a game changer is that there is no corruptible human-run organization that stands between Nikolai and the BitShares blockchain.  The decentralized open source software pays his account automatically as long as it remains in the top 101 selected by it's customer-owners - the BTS token holders.  Since then, about a dozen other developers and marketers have been hired the same way.  This is the final step in achieving total decentralization.  BitShares is now autonomous, independent of all human organizations.  And it has taken free-lance employment opportunities to a whole new level.
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:12:46
No need to store the actual commodity, the blockchain just stores the value of that commodity -- something to use as collateral to ensure that you will always receive enough of the collateral to buy a set amount of that commodity.   In  this case, the collateral is the underlying value of the BitShares (BTS) tokens which currently trade at  on coinmarketcap.com.  The blockchain, not a human counterparty, guarantees (over a wide range of potential BTS volatility) that you will always receive roughly enough BTS to buy a dollar or an ounce of gold or a jar of vegemite. ;)  Thus, volatility is attenuated to nearly zero - approximating an exact peg depending on market depth which will deepen as more people discover this.
@_date: 2014-04-14 18:48:44
Hi,  I'd love to hear the details about why you believe that.
1.  We are available nearly 24x7 on bitsharestalk.org to provide as much communication as necessary.  Every posted question gets answered within 24 hours.  We have just added two hangout discussions with the developers every week via Mumble.
2.  100% of the software is open source and available to all via GitHub.
3.  You can see the involvement of the community in every decision we make.  The airdrop idea is just the current topic the community is discussing for how to get the attention of a wider community.  It doesn't  affect the release of BitShares X, our flagship bank and exchange DAC.  
4.  It is far less centralized than Bitcoin has become with its small number of mega-miners controlling all decisions and actual owners of BTC having no say at all.  In fact, we believe it is the most decentralized approach yet in every way that truly matters.
5.  Please explain where we have ever "changed the rules on investors without much dialog and communication."   (We have continued to sweeten the deal for investors but that hardly counts as a rule change.)   I'd be happy to address any such perception.  Our forum continues to log every discussion since we began six months ago, so it's easy to see exactly how much dialog there has been.
6.  All of our R&amp;D work has been public, so you can watch the enormous progress that is being made.  This has led to the new Delegated Proof of Stake (DPOS) security model which allows us to avoid wasteful mining and pass the savings on as dividends to holders of shares in each Distributed Autonomous Company.  We think this is our key discriminator and well worth the extra time it has taken to develop.
This is my first Reddit post - also part of our ongoing effort to find more and better ways to communicate.  
Please let me know if there's anything else I can answer.
@_date: 2014-12-31 01:30:27
It's thousands of owners. 
BitShares is an autonomous company, but it is still responsive to its human customers and owners and robotically fair to its independent human contractors - all of which lie safely outside the company.   So it executes it business logic and company by-laws faithfully - with robotic integrity.
@_date: 2014-12-31 04:34:09
Top of the line nerds, or in rare cases, smooth talking marketeers.  :)
@_date: 2014-04-15 21:52:28
I spend a couple hours every day just answering questions at bitsharestalk.org.  You'll almost always get an answer to a posted question or concern within 12-24 hours.  
@_date: 2014-12-13 21:46:23
Exactly.  BitShares, like bitcoins, are an asset on a blockchain outside the system.  Yet they can track the value of things inside or outside the system (even BitBTC!) by implementing a classic contract for difference enforced by the blockchain.  Bitcoin could do this too (although it is more practical to trade with the 10-second blockspeed of BitShares blockchain.)
@_date: 2015-01-30 17:30:21
I like to think of it as extending that frictionless experience to moving between my Bitcoin checking account and my bitUSD savings account.  While I'm in bitUSD savings I'm immune from crypto volatility and earning interest -- and yet I'm only a minute away from spending bitcoin everywhere it is accepted!
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:06:21
No need to compete with Bitcoin.  Bitcoin is digital gold.  BitShares is a decentralized bank and commodities and currencies derivatives exchange.  They barely overlap and yet complement each other.  Bitcoin is your checking account.  BitShares is your interest bearing non-volatile savings and me-trade account.  Doesn't everybody want both?
@_date: 2015-01-05 21:12:18
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:54:26
Actually this is totally related to Bitcoin.   Bitcoin is an idea.  Bitcoin is a philosophy.  Bitcoin is a vision.  This little movie is about how blockchain technology is taking on the banking industry.  It is merely sponsored by BitShares as our little contribution to the Bitcoin cause.  We're all on the same side here.  
BitShares is a decentralized trading platform that pays interest on bitcoin derivatives, plus a whole lot more.  
@_date: 2015-01-05 22:15:25
Well, the thread is about dumping on the market to pay for electricity.  I'm just saying if you're going to flood the market with new coins, why not use them to pay ~100 small businesses to build something that offsets the value lost by that flooding?  Compensate for selling pressure by adding value. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:27:14
You still need licensed "gateways" to do the conversion to fiat, and they will compete to be on and off ramps to the BitShares exchange.  But once inside the safety of the decentralized BitShares exchange you are in a whole new financial system where you can trade for pennies instead of percentages.  While there, you are not subject to counterparty risk because your assets are held on a transparent block chain instead of the private ledger of some centralized exchange.  
If you want to understand the watershed change that is coming, its worth the 20 minutes to get a complete tour-de-force on this subject where Max Wright interviews Bytemaster himself. 
 
tl;dr - Don't pay the big spreads and fees to go back and forth between fiat and crypto all the time or leave your funds sitting on a centralized exchange where they can get goxed or bitstamped.  Spend as little time in this hazard zone as you have to and do most of your trading and transactions on the BitShares decentralized exchange, where the cost per trade is negligible.
@_date: 2015-01-07 18:20:19
The increase in safety comes from the fact that you are only exposed to the gateway for the few minutes it takes to pass through it.  Then you're in the clear on the blockchain while you are doing your trading (or waiting to do a trade).  This could be years of safety sandwiched in between minutes spent going in and out when you are exposed to the risks of today's full service exchanges.  The cumulative risk integral over time is greatly reduced.
@_date: 2015-01-05 00:28:28
Now imagine if instead of spending those million bitcoins per year on electricity, they were spent on hiring developers, and marketing, and infrastructure, even Super Bowl ads!  Suppose there was technology just sitting there off the shelf that replaced mining with useful work.  There are developers right now getting paid this way to work on next generation technology for blockchains with transaction times of 10 seconds not 10 minutes.  Technology is marching on (like it does everywhere else).
You point out that as long as Bitcoin grows at 10% a year it can break even.  But wouldn't it get accepted even faster if those resources paid for growth?  And with that growth, the buying power of those new coins would grow even faster.  
Bitcoin could become a rocket ship if it generated *thrust* instead of *heat* with its increasing coin supply.  It could pay 100 small businesses a revenue stream of several million dollars a year *each* to grow the ecosystem.  All those employees might still sell their new coins for food creating the same down pressure we are seeing today, but at least they would be doing something useful as a by-product.
Do we really think that 10 years from now Bitcoin will be using the same technology it does today? Does anything else stand still like that?  If it must surely upgrade sometime before then, why not now?
Will Bitcoin wait till other competitors, who use their supply generating fuel for thrust instead of heat, go zipping past it?
Bitcoin is a philosophy. It is a set of ideals. It is a vision. That's what's important.  It is not a fixed technology.   
Here's a keynote address from Beyond Bitcoin in Las Vegas which makes this case.   Let's keep our technology up to date and rally around the Bitcoin vision instead.  :)
  
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:05:10
@_date: 2015-01-07 22:13:29
You can hear Max Wright and Dan Larimer discuss the difference between Market Pegged Assets (MPA) and User Issued Assets (UIA) here:
BitShares supports both kinds of assets and you can trade between them freely.  The core MPA BitAssets can't be frozen or seized by anybody.  They live in Free Space.  However, to use BitShares many companies with one foot in Fiat Space are required by law to be able to seize or recall the assets they have issued.  
So BitShares lets you have it both ways - Free Space meets Fiat Space in one market the lets you move freely among a growing number of assets of both kinds.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:39:58
The door to our right...  


Freedom awaits.
@_date: 2016-01-05 19:44:32
Actually, I've been on his case to do *more* writing. :)  The biggest complaint about BitShares is that it's been all about fast-break innovation and far too little about getting the word out.  Our challenge is to leverage Dan's mix of abilities to max effect.  While it is true that he is an alpha coder, exclusive focus on that would be a great waste of his other talents.  Which would you rather invest in:  an alpha coder or a serial innovator?
@_date: 2016-01-06 01:15:40
"Getting stuff done" like upgrading BitShares to light speed with the new Graphene toolkit?  We are running with 3 second, not 10 minute, block times and are scalable to 100,000 transactions per second and 1 second block times while providing all kinds of exciting new features outlined at bitshares org.  BitShares has become a real time blockchain *platform* that anyone can build on (and many entrepreneurs are).   What in all that deserves a negative rating on productivity?
@_date: 2015-03-05 04:22:34
True, you can reduce your counterparty risk by 99% by keeping your assets in your own wallet 99% of the time.  But, if you trade a lot, you are incurring fees every time you move between your wallet and the exchange.  
Here's the cool thing, with a decentralized exchange, your money is in your own wallet while the trading is going on.  You control the keys while on the exchange.  So you are safe for that over 99% of the time and don't have to go to a centralized party incurring fees over and over again.  So, except for the minutes to hours you are passing through a gateway to cash out you are in you own wallet the rest of the time.
So this does eliminate over 99% of the time your funds are exposed to counterparty risk for most use cases.  
@_date: 2015-03-04 23:58:37
The risk on a centralized exchange is primarily all the hours/days/months it is sitting there waiting for trading opportunities.  With a decentralized exchange the exposure time is just the few minutes or hours it takes for the centralized party to do the gateway function to get you onto the decentralized exchange.  There your assets can sit, available for trading, for as long as you want, free from counterparty risk.
And, when the time comes to cash back out, you have your choice of which gateway you want to trust with that brief transaction.  You can even split up your withdrawals into several parts on several exchanges.  
So, the chances that a centralized gateway will get hacked during the few minutes you spend there is vanishingly small.  A tiny fraction of what it is if you leave your funds on a centralized exchange 24x7x52.
@_date: 2015-03-18 00:20:47
Here's a great short video summary of what's already available:
@_date: 2015-03-18 00:26:51
Actually, pegged does not mean centralized.  That is the whole innovation of market pegged bitAssets.  The problem is solved.  Has been since last August.  Just need to get the word out.  :)
@_date: 2015-02-16 00:39:46
Even if you're not ready to invest in BitShares, you can still use its services to control your own destiny.
You run the exchange and control all your own keys!
You always keep your assets in your own wallet and you can then trade between them without anything leaving your wallet, accomplishing the same thing you do on centralized exchanges. Instead of continuous 24x7 exposure of your assets to hackers on a centralized exchange, this now only happens for the few minutes you spend moving through a gateway or bridge when you want to get your hands on the actual asset.
Most of the time, you don't really want the asset, you want the exposure to that asset's price characteristics.  So you hold market pegged bitAssets that track the value of other commodities and currencies. This lets you hop around between bitUSD, bitGold, bitCNY, bitSilver, bitEUR, bitBTC and BTS without leaving your BitShares wallet.  This set will grow, but that's a pretty good mix for trading against big movements in crypto vs. fiat.
And it stays in your own wallet where moths and rust do not consume and thieves don't break in to steal.
The chances of a hacker timing their hack to the moment you are using a centralized gateway to move in and out of the BitShares Decentralized Exchange is vanishingly small.  And you can pick your gateway at the last minute from a growing list of options.
This way, you can quickly move from the BitShares Decentralized Exchange into your favorite leading coin just in time to spend it.
And earn a bit of interest in the mean time.
@_date: 2015-02-01 04:00:25
 if you want to try it out.  Just set it to exchange BitUSD for BTC or whatever else you like and pow!  For small transactions it happens in about a minute.