@_author: startupdojo
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:49:32
Blockchain technology is here to stay.  Whether any specific coin is here to stay remains to be seen.  
Just because Bitcoin revolutionized the space doesn't mean it is well positioned.  Tivo and Myspace revolutionized their space also, and like a lot of tech the early movers often get superseded by something superior and more advanced.  
The biggest problem with coins is that as of 2017, they are little more than Tulips, a store of value driven by speculators.  Very little is used for actual transactions and in fact, the ridiculous volatility makes it a terrible currency.  A currency needs to be - first and foremost - stable.  The pump and dump is great for some speculators but defeats the idea of crypto as currency.
@_date: 2018-02-09 10:04:09
He'll care about profits when the money runs out.
Right now, Tesla is a proof of concept pet project.  The amount of cars Tesla is actually selling is not even a margin of error for GM.  Tesla tests the market, and when the time is right GM/Ford/BMW/etc move in.  The big manufacturers have just as many if not more patents in this space and can enter when they feel like it.  
As for Top Gear, investors don't care what some niche TV shows says about some car.  Top Gear doesn't drive any markets, and everyone knows that it's scripted to hell anyway.  (and I say this as a Top Gear fan.)  
@_date: 2017-10-12 19:27:58
Your trillion bill should remind you of the reason why Bitcoin is failing as a currency:
The two most important things people need to use a currency is acceptability and stability.  Bitcoin is not accepted as form of payment in many places and the reason is stability.  As a currency, no one wants to use a currency that is $2500 one month, $5000 next month, and $3000 the next - just as people stuck with Zimbabwean dollar didn't want it because uncertainty was too high.
So it is ironic that you you think of Zimbabwe as a reason for Bitcoin when Bitcoin is all over the place and pretty much unusable as a currency for normal people.  In the end, Zimbabwean dollar is history and you probably know what it was replaced by, right?
This rampant speculation and shilling is what hurts Bitcoin.  It's not a sign of "success."
BTW, I've been all over Zimbabwe and have some of these notes.