@_author: starlightnl
@_date: 2018-01-02 19:55:03
Not really, this was the 4th auction which sold 30k yes, so there were 3 before it as well. I found more info in this link and google will give you the rest: 
@_date: 2018-01-12 21:43:40
I agree, but to evolve (among others) it needs professional leadership. 
@_date: 2018-01-23 21:14:32
I guess the successful day traders among us just keep their mouths shut and laugh about these posts and comments. 
I wonder if those who shout “daytrading is for losers” actually had a solid and well-prepared strategy? Did they try it at all? Or did the whales eat you on your first try and from there on out started evangelizing everyone who’s willing to try it out?
I’m far from an expert trader and have had no education whatsoever other than what I’ve learned myself and great advice from really helpful people. Yes, I’ve also lost some but honestly way less than I’ve gained. Today I made $1k on riding a single wave, got out as I had other things to do. 
Yes, it’s scary but also quite exciting. Just whatever you do, don’t give in to your fears. If you missed a sell or buy point, let it go and wait. Really, the one time I lost money was because I sold because it was going down hard and thought I would be able to buy it back even lower. Of course, the trend turned bullish on me, forcing me to buy back in for a higher price to get back in the game. So I disgraced my second rule: sell high and got punished right away. 
If I would have kept my emotions in check I would simply have waited for the next peak and easily sold it there for profit. 
side note: I use about 10% of my total funds for occasional trading. It actually makes me money while my hodl funds are getting hit hard. 
Side note 2: if I don’t have time to eyeball the charts, I do some analysis and write down what I would do in a notebook if I were to trade and check back later if it was the right thing and if not write a new note about it. Literally did this a thousand times without a single trade. Great practice. 
Side note 3: this is my story and no guarantee it will work for you. Heck, this is just a comment on Reddit, be careful. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 19:34:01
Allegedly most of it had been auctioned and Tim Draper bought most of it: 
@_date: 2018-01-24 12:25:51
I was waiting for someone to ask this. Yes, at some point you can quite easily see a pattern. And if not, I made another rule for myself to just sit and wait until it becomes clear what is going on.
It would be too much to write down everything, but in short, the price moves in waves, small waves, big waves. Where I found my sweet spot, is if I set my time window to 5 min, I use the Heikin Ashi candle chart on tradingview.com, you can see a wave moving up or down, but like an oscillator in a "band" if you will. Now, you can buy/sell as the individual waves go down/up but I found that quite stressful + sometimes the wave tricks you: it looks for 5 or 10 minutes that it's changing direction, but it won't and continue going up or down. 
So instead, I just watch the wave move up and down, and then figure out in which band it's moving. There are a lot of tools to help you there. I use fibonacci retracement among others. As soon as the wave (which is still going up and down as it moves in time) actually breaks out of your fictional "band" this is the moment there is a high chance the trend will be broken and the wave will not return to your "band's" limits, so truly switching between a bearish or bullish state.
You can also say, that this "band" forms a diagonal or horizontal resistance in which the price is currently fluctuating. My experience is that as long as the price keeps oscillating inside this band, the bearish or bullish trend will remain intact. 
This happens a couple of times per day, and as long as you keep an eye on it while you're trading you can step out anytime, or skip on a trade if you're not confident enough.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:55:49
Actually, I run my own business and have a family as well. So, I only do this on a lazy Sunday, or when my wife and kids are out or when I'm on the road and killing time in a hotel.
But most importantly I try to limit my time to one or more Sell high &gt; Buy low cycles. So, I find the peak of a wave, of which I think will not go higher or is already going down to sell. Then wait till it reaches the bottom of the wave and buy back in. 
I always go back to coins. When done successfully, every cycle gives me more coins than before the cycle.
It's doable to make a couple of % profit doing this. Don't get too confident and greedy. If the wave rides along nicely go for it, but as soon as it starts to get shaky or breaking the trend, I get out. Then I wait again for the cycle to repeat: buy low, sell high.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:13:43
Probably get down voted for saying this: he’s right. 
He might have a hidden agenda but if we’re honest to ourselves, bitcoin never delivered on its promise to become the payment system of the future. On top of that it’s slow and run by a bunch a childishly fighting techies. Something like this will never reach the top in its current state. 