@_author: stardigrada
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:04:08




-- Michael Crichton
@_date: 2014-09-19 20:55:42
"Well this is very bad news. The **network difficulty is going to skyrocket** without great companies like BFL taking peoples money and not delivering for more than a year! Now people are going to buy Bitmain miners that ship within days of ordering."
-- 
@_date: 2016-01-15 10:35:42
Very well said.
@_date: 2016-01-25 08:07:58
These are good questions.  I am not a core developer, but I will attempt to answer them nonetheless:


The value given to Bitcoins, the first mover in the new cryptocurrency world, derives from perception and the market, i.e. the amount that people are willing to buy and sell them at.  The market is comprised of individual selfish actors, each of whom may have wildly different modes of value determination, and unknowable alliances and collusions.  The reasons mentioned in the question are significant for some segments of the market.  Also fear, hype, greed, and many other subjectives.  But as a market, buyer and seller need not agree on (nor even discuss) value determination.  So you would have to poll them individually.  This is the literal answer.
On the other hand, *I* believe Bitcoins are valuable because they represent an innovation grander than any that have graced humanity for millennia.  We've cured diseases, split the atom, gone to space, and directly harnessed the power of the giant fusion reactor in the sky.  The Internet (and radio and telegraph before that) connected the world, and smartphones put it in our pockets, in our ears, and on our wrists.  
But not since the origin of spoken and written language have we faced such a major evolutionary stepping stone as now.  Distributed ownership and consensus via blockchain and proof of work (the core innovation here) changes the game.  Within 50 years, our society will be transformed by this.  When the Internet was new, it was hard to understand the implications it would have.  People laughed, but look at what it did to the music industry, book stores, financial services, and more within a decade.  This is bigger.  It's hard to imagine now, but our entire evolving notion of time and reality are likely to adapt around these new concepts.


Bitcoin can be a settlement layer.  But more importantly it's a foundation.  Like TCP/IP, all of our higher layer applications relating to distributed ownership and consensus will be built on this.  When TCP/IP was invented, nobody had World of Warcraft or Facebook in mind.  But they were built on top of this protocol (and other layers).


Yes.  This would create alternate chains (fork), and participants (miners, merchants, users, ...) in the network might choose to follow only one or even both of the forks.  At this point the protocol changed, but the original one still exists.  Parallel timelines.


Drastic changes require hard forks.  Hard forks are dangerous.  Bitcoin can evolve without hard forks.  But it might be necessary at some point to hard fork (e.g. major SHA-256 vulnerability found).




I actually didn't fully understand what these questions are getting at.  I'm assuming "fees" refers to transaction fees here, and that this concerns incentives for miners as the block reward shrinks over time... I suggest rephrasing and clarifying these questions a bit.
On the topic of fees, however, I will say that the current typical fee of 0.1 mBTC (~USD $0.05) is orders of magnitude below the true value of what Bitcoin already provides in a transaction.  And, related, I also see no problem with a fee market evolving.  Markets (as opposed to centralization and democracy) are the essence of decentralized game-theoretical systems like Bitcoin!  Anybody who doesn't grasp this is missing the big picture.
It's true that higher fees will make fewer people send trivial amounts of Bitcoin directly on the blockchain.  This is not a problem.  They will have other ways of transacting, e.g. side chains.  The Bitcoin core developers have a detailed roadmap for increasing throughput, scalability, and resiliency.
There is some concern that blocks are quickly going to become constantly full, the transaction mempool will grow and grow with unprocessed transactions, and Bitcoin will fail under its own weight.  Absurd.  Worst case, press around increased fees leads to even more demand for Bitcoin (e.g. "they must be pretty valuable if people are paying $100s just to move them around!").  This is just the beginning.


I leave this to the core developers to answer in detail.  But the roadmap should focus on maintaining resiliency, fungibility, decentralization, and security.  It should grow the capacity and capabilities of the network methodically.  We are still at the beginning, and decisions we make now will have lasting impact.  We're building the scaffolding for the future of reality.
@_date: 2017-08-16 05:43:49
This post should be stickied!
@_date: 2018-03-06 08:21:53
is officially a subreddit not according to Merriam-Webster
@_date: 2017-09-06 19:08:54
Indeed. The powerful brushstrokes in the forehead reveal the artist's incredulity of the entire cryptocurrency space.
@_date: 2017-09-06 00:53:09


You can see the elasticity of demand now when many people save their txns for weekends when fees are low, so it's clearly not inelastic.
And yes, as bank fees for txns increased, people would definitely change their frequency, such as by batching payments like prepaying for a year of something, etc. Or by using second layer solutions that offered credit, etc.


Do you get mad at the gas station attendants too when they don't let you buy a $0.75 piece of gum with credit card because it's below minimum cc purchase threshold?  Is that a sign that Visa/MC isn't a good payment system either?
@_date: 2017-09-06 00:28:40
Haha - Ser Davos ECDSAworth
@_date: 2015-04-30 04:23:20
Well both of you brought joy to me, and that's all that really matters.
@_date: 2017-05-27 06:53:01
PLEASE do a self post about this, share your thought process, and tell what convinced you otherwise. 
@_date: 2017-05-04 02:00:19
Yes.  In fact people are buying at every price you've ever seen listed.  That's what makes it the price.  It's the price people are buying at.
If people weren't buying at that price, the price would go down to a price that people would buy at.  Then that would be the price.