@_author: starlikelol
@_date: 2017-12-17 11:02:58
Good sources of information for beginners.
@_date: 2017-08-19 04:48:23
All coins are speculation in relation to future potential, but considering BCH does not have future potential it is purely speculation on price fluctuation. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 02:13:47
I think you have some fundamentals of price change mixed up. The fork drama caused a 6-week long bear market and stagnation, so it was ideal for shorting. To think that price starts reacting AFTER the event is ignorance, since things are already priced in by then.
Secondly, to think that BCH is doing well due to massive price fluctuations &amp; manipulation is also ignorant, since the project itself has no fundamentals and drives on price speculation purely, not even future potential.
@_date: 2017-08-18 20:21:07
I actually believe the exact opposite in regards to the failed fork subject - I think it was all coordinated to short BTC and make money from the massive uncertainty that was created by a fork that they knew would never become the main Bitcoin. This right now is just to use the blind belief of people to reap in even more - this manipulation is getting quite predictable already IMO.
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:10:37
Control right now does not = control in the future.
With an increasing misbelief and opposition to the banking system, these might be preliminary steps to guarantee that this power and control will be sustained no matter what.
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:25:17
I don't mean to be offensive, so don't take this the wrong way, but I think you MAJORLY underestimate the power "they" possess. Just because something is served as an "open source" and "decentralized" does not mean that it can't be controlled. Even the forks showed how much of an influence few people can have on Bitcoin.
Mining monopoly is already an issue and to think that they can do "some" market manipulation is pure ignorance. This market can be tanked in a week if the desire is sufficient (by banning all trading and announcing Bitcoin to be an illegal asset punishable by life in prison). Sure, that is abit extreme, but if they were so deeply threatened by Bitcoin it wouldn't have even gotten this far. 
Furthermore, you are unable to see what the future might bring and only talk in the context of "blabla they currently already have control why....lala". Obviously this was never referring to the CURRENT situation, but the purpose it was created for and the purspose it might serve in the distant future where Bitcoin is adopted as one of the main currencies globally. 
Finally, you state that critical thinking flaws are at play when I even feed such a half-fantasy story or a food of thought concept, however the basis of critical thinking is to consider ALL possibilities and then drawing conclusions and interpretations. This is not a conclusion, but just one side thought not to be taken too seriously, but to rather just ponder. 
Bitcoin is already controlled massively (I am not saying by the elite, but by a certain group of people), do some research and you'll understand. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:01:09
If you want trust, you need to create something that counters misbelief. Therefore, we all know that most money is already digital (creating money is just a matter of entering new sums into the system), so the "fiat" money has no value anyways. The banks could have created and kept owning majority of cryptocurrency supply from the beginning, while also slowly accumulating more and more over the course of the transition into the decentralized world. By the end, fiat would not exist anymore and most of the money supply would still be theirs - the situation would remain the same, just in a different form. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:53:13
Mining monopoly and controlling large number of private keys containing most of the supply.
@_date: 2017-11-27 11:55:57
It is just a food for thought, but what if the purpose was to create a system in which we would believe (open source and the fantasy of having control), while still monopolising the system and controlling most of the markets. What if after decades of misbelief in the closed environment of riches, they created something that the people would never question - maybe they have gotten smarter as well. Perhaps they saw the previous system is already jeopardized and won't work anymore, so they grasped control by other means - by selling us a fantasy of a decentralized world.
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:17:38
If you claim to have done research then how on earth could you say that bitcoin can only be manipulated to "some" extent and that there are no mechanism by which it could be controlled and monopolised. Mining is the basis of Bitcoin, and it is ALREADY monopolised by China - that is not an opinion. 
Secondly, my original "statement" was not a "statement", but a question which could lead to ponder - hence the "WHAT IF". 
Thing is, I left everything OPEN-ENDED and did not present any facts, but just left a food for thought question in the air. This was not an "hypothesis" nor a "statement" that this is how it is. You basically interpreted my text in a way that would be convenient for you instead of reading what I actually wrote. 
All in all, you kind of lack basic understanding of the differences between thoughts and facts. Furthermore, as I stated earlier, Bitcoin is ALREADY controlled to large extent and this cannot be debated either - anyone with a little bit of research can make the same conclusions and if you state that it is not the case, your research is seriously lacking. 
Finally, Bitcoin could be ANYTHING and the intention of the post was never to say what it is, hence the "what if". You just wanted confrontation and bent the subject into something that would facilitate that need. 