@_author: statisticalguru
@_date: 2013-11-12 12:05:30
The problem arises when you don't have the wealthy rich Warren Buffets to transfer wealth from, as their wealth is denominated in a basket of currencies. Bitcoin will never reach it's true potential without large institutional injections. However, once they cashout, who is left holding the cryptographic currency that has no price support? It is already known that there are a few hedge funds manipulating the price in an unregulated market.
We won't get to the situation where one bitcoin equals a house unless we have high value net-worth speculators.
What is happening now is a poor &lt;-&gt; middle class wealth transfer. I believe most wealth transfers are happening within these groups. We won't know where the wealth has transferred to until something goes bad. Will you be able to trade your bitcoin at a later date for the large values you are getting now? It's like the stockmarket, we won't know when the wealth transfer has occurred until repricing occurs (e.g. a crash). If the current elite don't participate, they don't have anything to lose once the market crashes again and it will because the poor and middle classes don't have access to large pools of wealth and history always repeats itself.
It also depends on whether you believe BTC or fiat currency is the real store of value. Currently transferring wealth requires you to realise the gains which you can do on either side of the trade. It would be like trading AUD for USD, someone is a loser, someone is a winner, it only takes time to see that the AUD has jumped 100% whilst USD has fallen by 50%.
There is no wealth being stolen as each bitcoin traded is on the "margin". If tomorrow, god forbid, bitcoin stopped trading, then the value will vanish and would not have been transferred except to those who have realised their gains by converting to a traditional store of wealth, for example a basket of currencies or precious metals.
@_date: 2013-12-24 05:50:48
Hmm... one problem, the transaction fees will most likely absorb all of the bitcoin.
I think I might have enough DOGE to trade for some small amount of BTC to get me over the limit.
@_date: 2013-11-12 12:16:08
The future of bitcoin relies on stability. I can't imagine a restaurant owner accepting bitcoin, forgetting to trade it due to "flourishing new business", when it suddenly decides to fall, not significantly, but an amount such as 10% would really hurt the bottom line especially if they have to add an extra few percentage more on exchange fees.
Most businesses don't generate large economic profits. I'm afraid some bad news article about a small business owner being burnt would lead to a disastrous public relations nightmare.
We need it to stabilise! But when it does stabilise, doesn't psychology dictate that the value won't remain? It's a paradox! 
I can't imagine how people would cope with a forever changing bitcoin price menu!
@_date: 2013-12-24 06:37:36
I'm not sure how the tip works, but thanks.