@_author: staticblender
@_date: 2017-03-15 19:37:55
I don't see how you can have a stance without knowing how much they're making per day. That being said, I would *guess* given the fees they charge per buy and the fact that there is **always** a margin in their favor of the buy and sell prices that they're raking it in whether or not they're covering the Tx fees or not.
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:46:57
That makes the situation even more ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-03-30 23:34:13
Yeah, it's nice when things are centrally controlled amirite?
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:29:24
Core talks all the time about the moral cost of a hard fork. What about the moral cost of a mining pool attacking the network to coerce segwit adoption?
Edit: I should add that I support segwit, but this should still be concerning.
@_date: 2017-03-10 14:53:18
That's a good point. So they're just being assholes basically.
@_date: 2017-03-02 19:28:58
Sorry for not being clear that I was kidding.
@_date: 2017-03-02 18:37:53
I hear it'll be tomorrow. A good tip I use for updates is actually at the top of this subreddit's page. There's a button above the logo that looks like a round arrow going clockwise. I just press that repeatedly until I see it.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:00:23


I'm not going to weigh in on the discussion as a whole, but there is just a lot of disrespect I've noticed toward the contributions of miners, not just in bitcoin. First, the risk taken on by miners and users is not comparable. Hardware, especially ASIC hardware, is not close to being as liquid as a bitcoin. There are huge overhead fiat costs to designing, producing, and running them. Not to mention time and energy to maintain a mining operation. To a degree, this is true for all miners, even for the average miner with a couple rigs in his or her garage.
What holders do is they buy and they hold. There's next to 0 overhead or sunk cost of investing, and while there's risk, they can pull out 100% of their holdings at any level of profit or loss that they desire basically instantly and automatically. If you don't want to lose more than 1% of your USD investing in bitcoin, you don't have to. It's a very low level of commitment.
Miners just flat out risk more through less liquid costs, sunk costs, and opportunity costs to directly strengthen the coin by adding hashrate to secure the network before there can be ANY real value in a bitcoin in the first place. Holders and users absolutely bring value to the system by increasing the network effect, but a bitcoin is worth nothing if not secured by a vast network of dedicated hardware. Too many people take that network for granted. People invest in bitcoin and continue to invest in bitcoin because it has objective utility as a store of value because it is secured from fraud, errors, and attacks by software, hardware and electricity. To be fair, users and holders unquestionably act as a multiplier of that value, but the salient point is that any multiple of zero is zero, and it's miners that have done the work and paid the continuing cost to make the value of a bitcoin non-zero. That's why this:


is such an entitled and ignorant statement to me. Miners may be greedy, but at least they've paid for the right and the power to be greedy. I'm not disagreeing with you on what the best course of action is either. All I'm saying is that you should consider being more considerate and respectful of the other side because at the very least, it is more conducive to progress.
@_date: 2017-04-07 21:48:20


That's up to the miners to decide. They can "break" bitcoin if they damn well choose. That's not my opinion, it's a fact. You can object, pull out your coins in protest, but ultimately whether they do or don't is up to them.


Respect should go both ways. It doesn't have to. I think all sides can stand to be more respectful, and to be clear, I actually support segwit. But again, miners have the autonomy to do as they please. I agree with you that centralization is bad. But everyone in this game is out for themselves, and if miners decide that the negative of centralization is outweighed by the positives in their situation, and are willing to let the chips fall where they may, then that's up to them. And that's a real possibility everyone should keep in mind.


And those businesses have a right to stop accepting and holding bitcoin if they choose. And I'm sure that miners would benefit in the long run by being considerate and respectful of the network effect that businesses wield. To be clear though, merchants take very little risk in accepting bitcoin because they can instantly cash out fiat, and they still receive the benefit of a larger customer base by choosing to accept it. I believe the risk you're talking about is still associated with holding bitcoin.


If I were a bitcoin miner, I'd support segwit. All I'm saying is that it is the right of every miner to decide for themselves, and persuasion works better if you can avoid brute force, especially if the person you're trying to persuade holds a significant portion of the force. If I had a direct line of communication to Jihan, I would try to convince him of the benefits of segwit in the long run. However, I don't pretend to know the costs or economics of his business enough to make that decision for him.
@_date: 2017-04-08 19:40:33
I'm sure you'll be able to figure it out given enough time.
@_date: 2017-04-08 00:49:41
I completely agree with you on all those points.
@_date: 2017-04-08 00:51:17


I don't care that you don't care.