@_author: stccccc
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:50:12
Do you guys get it yet? When people ask you to hold your Bitcoins, for whatever reason, there's always some *shit* involved. If you expect to get ANYTHING in return for your Bitcoins, there must be a written contract. Get it in writing. Use escrow.
I don't know what the fuck is going on with Dark Wallet but my best guess is you've mainly afforded Amir Taaki the ability to smoke more weed.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:40:55
I have no sympathy for people who mindlessly sign their life away to slick salespeople. One option is to try and regulate slick salespeople. The other option is to cull the populace of people who are dumb enough to fall for it. I think you'll agree the latter is the more permanent albeit less humane choice.


They hired a shitty electrician. Sorry? Read the reviews next time, dumbass.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:22:59
Slightly off topic, but I found what is quite possibly the best signup deal in Bitcoin when I was scanning 
If you sign up for 796Xchange through a [referral link]( the referrer gets 20% of the next person's futures trading commissions for life. Now that's certainly better than $5.
@_date: 2014-02-27 04:08:36
No offense to the Kraken CEO, but at this point it's looking like MtGox was a billion dollar ponzi scheme. Being associated with MtGox or Mark Karpeles does not lend much credibility.
A billion dollars has gone missing and that speaks volumes about Mark Karpeles and everyone he has associated with since roughly 2010. Some of those names are the biggest names in Bitcoin.
Popularity of the person in question, friends of the person in question, or whether the person in question got in on Bitcoin early have nothing to do with integrity.
Money changes people. Irreversible, untraceable, highly scarce money even moreso.
Never trust anyone with your Bitcoins. That is the only lesson here. Don't let these exchange operators continue to bamboozle you. Get your Bitcoins OUT of the exchanges.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:29:25
The only cure for bullshit artistry is Darwinism.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:13:58
There's a very rich history of operator fraud in Bitcoin. Also, it's the simplest explanation. I have no fucking clue what everyone is on about "oh the government stole it all and mark is under gag orders." Like, really man? Really? Occam's Razor here is that Mark stole it all himself. He had access to the systems, he knew the systems inside out, and he knew it would be extremely profitable. He could've continued to operate MtGox like a ponzi scheme forever thanks to the shilling of Roger Ver and other Bitcoin "insiders" giving him a good rep for no reason.
Insider fraud is the most plausible explanation, face it. You all got fucked by a billion dollar ponzi scheme. The US gov't stole it and mark is being gagged? Yeah, NO.
Also, keep in mind it is better for Bitcoin's image for MtGox NOT to be seen as a billion dollar ponzi scheme.  So there's plenty of reason for people to spread this bullshit "gobbermint stole it" conspiracy. Don't listen to any of these idiots. Mark stole all of your money, period end of discussion. I mean seriously the guy put out a press release claiming that 800k BTC was stolen due to transaction malleability. GET REAL.
@_date: 2014-02-28 23:19:45
@_date: 2014-02-28 03:48:17
The log. Where is the log.
@_date: 2014-02-27 06:17:24
Yeah, it's the same market dynamic used in little known sites like eBay, Amazon, Yelp and Newegg. It *is*, in fact, a much better situation.
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:19:49


Bitcoin isn't about having no regulation. It's about decentralized regulation. I'm far more comfortable with Coinbase's solvency and security now that Andreas Antonopolis has visited the site and vouched for the security and existence of funds.
How again would a regulator in New York City add any value to that? Go ahead, tell me how Ben Lawsky is going to help Andreas do what he is already doing voluntarily.
And if you had so much as visited r/bitcoin any time during the last six months you would've known not to trust MtGox with any amount of money. I have no sympathy for those who were taken advantage of.
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:44:44
I certainly can't rule out the chances the entire thing was an inside job from the beginning.
Due to the deflationary aspect of Bitcoin, it's the case that stealing money from your customers early on is lightyears more profitable than running a legitimate business. MtGox has of course been [the opposite of legitimate from its inception](
Karpeles would have profited much more from 6 years of stealing directly from customers in a ponzi-scheme like fashion than he would have profited from doing 600 years of legitimate business.
And what does Roger Ver have to say about this debacle after he [so eloquently vouched for the legitimacy of MtGox](
Funny enough, he says:






Oh, how deliciously convenient.
The whole cryptocurrency space stinks to high heaven right now.
To every single early adopter shilling for MtGox and other good ol' boys that have already made off like bandits: **FUCK YOU.**
@_date: 2014-02-25 22:11:19


Had Andreas been performing regular audits of MtGox, we would've averted this disaster at the earliest sign.
Andreas is in a prime position to warn consumers against bullshit, much better than Ben Lawsky.
And nobody is getting their money back, so it's not like throwing Mark Karpeles in jail would solve anything. The trial and publicity would only serve to highlight the opportunity for even bigger criminals to run another giant ponzi scheme.


I was being generous. There have been far better options than 'Magic the Gathering Online Exchange' for *years*, and MtGox has been sketchy for about as long.
The dismal performance of MtGox last April was reason enough to abandon them for good. When they had withdrawal issues in mid-2013, that was MORE than reason enough to abandon them forever. When rumors started flying about insolvency months ago, that was just the icing on the cake. If you missed all the signs, you deserve your fate.
The only cure for bullshit artistry is Darwinism.