@_author: stdemigod
@_date: 2014-03-17 09:45:24
That works in your local context. STATOIL is currently clearly inferior and profits heavily from closed markets or enforced rules by a government. But the consequences of free markets are even worse in the long term. Look at this post I made earlier were I outline these consequences with Microsoft.
The same would happen if the russian oil company is one day the only oil company you can buy gas from. Their prices will skyrocket because they dont have any competition left. This is what always happens in free markets. One player will end up with everything the rest will end up with nothing.
@_date: 2014-01-16 05:16:08
I can't help myself but my opinion of the r/bitcoin crowd is about to take a massive blow. Are you actually aware that you can discuss theories like those of Marx without permanently judging them? This is like a fox news debate, where one is seriously offended and resorts to name-calling because he simply doesn't like the scientific approach to an emotional subject. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 23:51:20
My best argument would be reality. 
Ill try it this way:
In (economic) theory you can claim that if a person behaves according to the theory, the concept works. This I do not dispute. 
What I have a problem with is one of the core assumptions of anorcho capitalism of humans being able to control their greed(only an example their are many other traits humans cant consciously control) for a higher purpose.
Psychology teaches us that this is not the case. Humans dont care about the consequences for the environment if reducing safety measures promises profits. Take BP and their oil spill for example. They knew the risks, yet they didnt listen to their engineers because they deemed the costs for additional safety measures too high, the time to implement them for too long. All they saw was quick money.  
Currently a government exists to set standard for these risky operations so the risks of such catastrophic outcomes is minimized. 
What anarcho capitalists also fail to acknowledge is that most governments are already a part of the economic system, largely privatized through corporate money. Just think of it as a private enterprise, it is not very different. It charges the people for infrastructure and certain services like security and whatnot and is largely run by private interest, be it through lobbying or "campaign contributions".
If you see it that way an anarcho capitalist world is a step closer, but you dont like what you see because it does not work correctly. More and more people end up poor, a very few get richer and richer. 
Anarcho capitalists criticize the current system without realizing how close it is to their ideal.
Another point is that anarcho capitalists argue that people decide with their wallet how a company behaves. How do you expect someone who has very little or no money to vote with his wallet? He cant decide what food he eats, he has to go for the cheapest he finds. He cant buy the premium stuff that is all organic, grilled with clean energy. He has no choice and this group of people is getting bigger and bigger. These people get blamed for eating unhealthy or being sick because of it even though they cant decide what they eat. 
This is just one example out of many. I would love to only buy the highest quality items, support green energy and whatnot. I simply dont have the money and have to give what little I have to the companies that destroy the environment even though I dont want them to.
The government is (theoretically) there to protect you and public goods from exactly that. But as you know it is doing a terrible job, because it already has become a semi privatized institution, close to the anarcho capitalist ideal.
I myself am for a small government that acts more as a union for the people, an institution that defends the interest of the many powerless against the interests of a few powerful. If that means a company like BP can only make 40 billion instead of 50 billion in profits a year so be it. I know it goes against freedom, but otherwise the system would collapse sooner or later. 
@_date: 2014-03-08 22:22:22
There is also the possibility of karpeles being a moron while something odd is going on. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 19:23:42
Liberal extremist, but this piece is quite good.
Edit: To clarify, what I have heard of him so far is pretty extreme. With extreme I mean that he believes in suicidal concepts like anarcho capitalism. If truly free, a market eats itself, a fact that isnt even disputed by economists and I am not talking Marx here. While those economists see the state or the government as the regulator, Molyneux believes that the state is the reason the current "free" market does not work because it is not free. While it is true that the government influence adds to the problem, it is only part of it.
In my opinion most of those anarchy concepts do not work, especially not under the current situation. Anarchy itself only works to a certain point of social, technological and economical progress. Once it passes that point Anarchy is no longer a viable option that allows a society to progress further. Same goes for Anarcho-Capitalism. Implementing it in today's world it would be the death sentence for a society.
I also dislike his way to debate topics or make points. Peter Joseph, which I do not agree with either made it very clear in one of his rebuttals. 
@_date: 2014-03-15 21:27:28
... and by those who say its the best thing ever. 
Anarcho capitalism does not work. If you have a computer program which acts within the given parameters of the most simple free market, one participant will end up with all the money/resources/goods while the other(s) will end up with nothing. You can add as many parameters as you want, the outcome wont change, it will take more time, sometimes less but eventually everything will end up in the hands of one participant. Except their goal is to create the maximum benefit for all participants. Ewwwww, socialism.
We currently see something like this, even with our, according to most anarcho capitalists, not so free markets. The money finds its way into the hands of a very few. The system eats itself. Anarcho capitalism would just speed up the process.
It could work if we would still be in the stone age. This parameter prohibits all resources from ending up in one hand, since it is impossible to go hunting, take care of the fire place, work the field all at once or force others to do it for you.
Today, not oging to happen.
@_date: 2014-03-12 16:00:19
"I just think that because it's so complex it might be used for terrorism..."
*-Senator Kirk*
Never underestimate the blatant ineptitude of the people that are running the current system. The dollar is still the most effective tool of money laundering, is used to commit the every crime imaginable and yet everyone thinks you should blame another currency for the wrong doing of the people. 
Its like the gun control debate, lets make it harder for every law abiding citizen to own guns, have them register them, limit their magazine sizes, have them do a barrel roll. 
Blaming the tool never worked and has never been the solution to the problem. Those who want to commit crimes will, they will use bitcoin, dollars, yen, dinar, they dont care. Those that live by the law are getting shat on, are regulated to a point where using new technology becomes a hassle, arent allowed to be innovative. 
There is no logic in blaming bitcoin yet they do. The media loves "anonymous internet money that is used to buy drugs and fund terrorism." Lawmakers who are never going to read into the matter are asked for opinions and they just talk about what the media said. 
Most of them just do what they are asked to do anyway. The smart lobbyist sent by Goldman probably knows what bitcoin is and understands the implications of the widespread adoption of something like it. He will label it the same way even though he knows better.
So in short you and me are not surprised that technology is used to commit crimes. Those who do not know what to think, who do not want to get into the matter but want to have an opinion on it are. Or have you ever heard a politician say: "After reading into it I came to the conclusion that I was wrong on all accounts and my previous behaviour was a display not worthy of an elected official."
@_date: 2014-03-16 08:02:12
I dont think that is true. Corporations need the law and someone to enforce it. If I remember correctly anarcho capitalism is also for "privatized" law. A corporation or a conglomerate big enough would simply create its own laws, enforce them and become a state, a privatized entity that rules supreme. 
Anarcho capitalists would argue that this would not happen because everyone would stand up and defend himself, but this is obviously wishful thinking. Because right here and now people are living under oppressive regimes and they dont dare to question it. 
We are pretty damn close to anarcho capitalism, the only difference is that we still recognize the state as an official player. If you think of it as a privatized institution you already are a step closer to what will happen if you leave free markets completely free. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 12:28:45
Im not saying it is not going to be like that, I simply argue that the price is that stable(or high) because of the betting when actually it should be lower due to the problems bitcoin is currently going through.
I also tend to develop a slight sympathy for mtgox for pointing out the problem they and many other exchanges had. They way they communicated it was terrible but it seems like many exchanges were doing it the same way like gox did. Now they are forced to adjust their software, strengthening the bitcoin environment as a whole. 
It also got me thinking on which else lays ahead, if these bugs exist and exchanges do not concern themselves with them, there might me more problems in the future.
I also think gox is out of coins. Someone was exploiting their shitty programming and I am pretty sure he made major bucks before gox realized what was going on. That means someone else lost coins. 
If the exploiters have been trading on other platforms as well, finding the same hole there, chances are there are even more coins lost, which is not good for the trust people have in these exchanges.
Time will tell, but you are right that sooner or later trading will resume as usual.
@_date: 2014-03-27 07:19:35
It's automatic. This is unacceptable. Blasphemy. A woman's car. 
Ignore my opinion, I'm just jealous. The cars built back then are still the sexiest in automobile design, be it the hemi, Mustang or chevlle. Sadly, I will never own one. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 10:49:20
@_date: 2014-03-12 15:08:57
I'll try to eli5 this: 
Someone commits a crime and he is being paid for that crime in bitcoin. He now has a "dirty" coin, that is linked to said crime. For example if LE gets their hands on the database and transaction book of a darknet market, they can follow the dirty coin until it is turned into cash. 
At local bitcoin you come in and want to get some coins. You have no idea where these came from or if they are dirty or not, yet you buy them technically participating in money laundering. 
This is enough to have some inept judge sign a search or arrest warrant, even though you had no idea what you were getting yourself into. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 18:41:00
Ever since ponzi coin, a coin that said it is a ponzi scheme, actually succeeded in scamming people, I dont think there is a limit to what you cant get away with. As soon as people hear that they can get rich quick theyll throw money at whatever it is. 
Even "ImGonnaScamYou"- coin will be a success. 
@_date: 2014-04-07 09:10:46
Security adviser.
Reason I am into bitcoin is because it came up when I was looking into other, more secure ways to store wealth.
To my surprise clients with a lot of money are far more interested than clients with only a little money to spend. They tend to store their stuff traditionally, having fees eating up what little they have. 
If bitcoin would only stop being so god damn volatile I would no longer introduce it as an gimmicky alternative, but as the best way to keep everyone off of your money. Not even governments can rob you, while I already have seen clients that had their deposit boxes raided. 
@_date: 2014-03-14 08:06:56
While that is true, it was also the government that allowed banks to get too big to fail and didn't let them crash. 
In my opinion the financial system, as it stands, is everything but libertarian. Government and financial institutions are running a show of legalized theft on a scale not known to men. 
It's a fundamental flaw of the system that prevents it from being used as an equivalent to bitcoin. Gox as a Fiat bank would have been rescued by the government at a great cost to even those who weren't involved. 
In the bitcoin universe it went down and only took the money of irresponsible people that now have the chance to learn. The other exchanges also saw the signal and trying to get Trust by being more transparent. At the end of this development is a stronger economic system. 
@_date: 2014-03-10 06:46:00
This brings tears to my eyes, great story.
@_date: 2014-02-23 08:40:17


And of everyone who travelled to the US after 9/11.
If I recall it correctly there was an indication in the Snowden leaks that the NSA has a profile file of every person that contains their entire digital life, including finger prints if ever given together with identification, all chat logs that can be tied to it etc.
If true this would implicate that the fingerprints of everyone who ever used a biometric device to save this information ended up in the hands of the intelligence agencies.
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:12:53
This is r/bitcoin, I wouldn't be here if I would consider myself informed. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:01:37
This would be twice as jilarious if this would have been bought on gox. 
"Hi guys, bought my first bitcoin and it was instantly taken away from me!"
@_date: 2014-03-11 18:12:12
The antichrist!
@_date: 2014-01-25 14:19:52
No, I think some parts of my life, especially those concerning basic needs should be run by others. 
Imagine I would have to choose a water plan, where cartels split up the market and I would have to look for the best water supplier in my area and have to pay extra for every chemical I want to have filtered out. Water is a basic need and it should be run by something else, the government for example. Same goes for healthcare. Everybody needs it, so why are there even different cartels allowed to set prices? 
Everything that is a basic need should be provided for by the government. Everything else I take care of. If I have the feeling of being able to learn more than what the public education system(basic need) offers I go and look for a private school. If I want warts removal, breast implants or cosmetic surgery covered by my health care plan, I look for some private provider.
Simple as that. The government is supposed to give you a strong basis on which you can do everything you want to do. Thats freedom.
Its not freedom to be forced to work minimum wage because otherwise you wouldnt be able to afford health care and food. 
What these so called super progressives are asking for is not communism and in most parts not even socialism. They just want the government, which is (theoretically) elected by everyone, to make sure that everyone has the same chances and that he always has these chances, whether he fucks up in life, ends up unemployed or disabled, he just falls back to the general level and not below. 
Yes, this means that some people lose their freedom of paying their workers less than they need to afford a daily meal. And it means taxes. For the rich. Which obviously means that freedom is in danger.
@_date: 2014-03-16 08:10:12
I agree that the current situation is a terrible one. But do you believe anarcho capitalism wouldnt put us in the same or an even worse place? 
Lets abolish the current system, from now on its anrcho capitalism. You are a multi billion dollar conglomerate and to make even more money you invest in housing and you buy land. At some point in time all the people working for you will live on your land, in your houses. Now you start to get into the food industry and a few years later all your workers are eating the food you produce. Repeat that with anything humans need.
A single company will own everything in anarcho capitalism and it will be far worse than the state. There will be no freedom at all, you wont get to choose which product you want to buy or where you want to live, youll do exactly what the company wants.
It doesnt need a state to succeed. The state could be used to prevent it, but is currently doing a terrible job.
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:10:41
See, I believe that this is the way to progress, because people shouldnt have to worry about being able to afford clean drinking water. Its a human right. Something that everyone needs shouldnt be left to an open market. Why would it, its not that someone has the freedom to say "No." You cant save on water. Same goes for your health, food, all basic needs. What if speculators drive the price up? Is it really justified that the masses starve and thirst while a few people get rich?
Someone said that there is clothing and other goods that are considered a human right. True, and the government should provide basic functional clothing for everyone who needs it. Same goes for housing.
Im not saying that everyone should live in a villa, wearing Victorias Secret and Gucci, but it is not too much to ask that everyone, especially those who need it the most, the poor, has a warm room he can go to and warm clothes he can put on. 
If he wants to upgrade he enters the free market where he can still have all the economic freedoms he enjoys today. At the same time he will never fall below that level. He can always be asured that he will have clean water and food, health care, basic clothing and accommodation and access to public education. 
This list is just getting longer the more a society develops. In some European countries there have been debates on declaring access to the internet a human right, forcing the providers to invest in infrastructure.
This is were a progressive society is headed. This is nothing just for the poor, it will be for everyone. Want to save the money for later instead of spending it on rent? Go and live in a compound provided by the government. Want to save the money for clothing? Take the functional clothing the government provides. If you dont want to share your flat with 5 other people, go rent one on the free market. 
This is were a wealthy society is headed. A strong base of equality that allows everyone the same access to the same chances in life.
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:41:34
You have to take a look at what makes it so costly for the government to provide these services. The current situation is this: 
1. The government wants to provide everyone with clean water.
2. It looks for someone that operates enough wells to provide the amount needed.
3. It pays them whatever they want under the premise that it is good for the economy.
4. The well operator can basically do whatever he wants since having a government contract is a permit to do whatever you want while getting massive profits. Cant deliver the water? Sorry gov. Water quality is shit? Pay me more.
What should the government do? Socialise. Turn the well operator into a government agency and have it run on a non profit basis. The same goes for all the other things we just talked about. 
The reason why government is so inefficient is not because there are only incompetent idiots working there or that being badly managed is a law of nature when it comes to governments, its because private enterprises take massive advantages of the way government is operated, in some cases even plant their employees or shareholders directly into office. 
As long as it works like this you are completely right. Government has to change a lot.
@_date: 2014-01-08 15:31:23
What really frightens me is that I can actually imagine the US government stepping up and announcing to ban bitcoin based on this law. US politics are comparable to those of 3rd world countries when it comes to common sense add that to the fact that they pulled crazier stunts before and you can see Obama addressing the nation over this with a totally straight face.
@_date: 2014-02-27 23:32:14
Son, are you daft?
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:14:49
This is a very American approach to taxes and I have always had a hard time understanding it.
The society allows you access to freedom and goods that you would not have if you would be on your own. You pay these taxes to be allowed to participate. 
Everything you own was made possible by the society you owe these taxes to. Without society you would be nothing, probably never even born. A cave man at best, providing all for himself, his freedom limited by having to satisfy his basic needs through the most time consuming tasks.
This is more of a European approach to taxes.
@_date: 2014-03-16 08:16:39
In anarcho capitalism the rich would regulate everything to stay rich. They would also prevent other from entering their market. I wrote that in another comment:




Add to that anything bad the stat is doing today, a company would do it too. Introduce their own currency so you cant even buy products of competitors, introduce laws and regulation upon you, taking away your freedom. 
They would do the very same thing states are doing today but they wouldnt stop at anything out of fear of not being elected. They would just take your guns. 
You as a small timer or someone who just started his business will have no chance of even having one customer. Your product could be superior, but all the can pay you with is the company dollar that is worthless because you can only buy company goods with it that do not legally allow you to produce something of better quality with it. You could spin that on and on.
@_date: 2014-02-20 08:40:49
This is so r/bitcoin.
Oh look, something is happening and I dont have an explanation for it, so it must be good, already priced in or is the next step to the moon because bitcoin is not worth $xxx.
Actually bitcoin is worth almost nothing, the prices are artificially raised to that point and found support by speculators right there. If there would be no exchanges that allow trading of coins the price would probably be $20 bucks or so because people would just buy bitcoin if they actually want to buy something with them and that is not very often. 
Bitcoin is 99% speculation and probably 1% goes into exchanging bitcoin for goods and services. So please stop thinking that every downwards movement is caused by speculators. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 07:54:30
For one the government could have banned certain high risk operations. For example there are countries without nuclear power plants because the people thought they are far to dangerous while corporations were already building one(Austria).
Currently the government is a part of the corporate world, they want no regulation and they get it. The government is simply the wrong address, it acts like it acts because corporations dictate it.
The Virginia chemical spill is another good example. If the government would have strict regulations and orders to inspect the complex once every year due to the high risk to men and nature, the spill could have been prevented. 
Instead the industry lobbied successfully for deregulation and the plant ended up being inspected once every 20(I dont recall the correct number) years.
This is not the fault of the institution we call government. If it wouldnt exist, a plant like this would never see any inspection of any kind. If it wouldnt be corrupted as it is, it could actually do something good, keep the corporations in check, defend the interests of the citizens.
@_date: 2014-03-01 07:59:40
All you guys assume that people become saints once regulated. Financial history tells us otherwise, people are shady and scamming each other every time there is money involved. 
Look at your government printing money. It is a giant theft of wealth, legalized and regulated. 
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:39:26
No. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:46:45
1. People give things value. If they think bitcoin is worth $ they will pay $ for it. 
Its the same with almost every financial asset. Paper money also has no value yet it is considered valuable because there are numbers printed on it. By the same logic it should be worth nothing because it is infinitely available and gets created out of thin air. 
No sane person argues something is valuable just because of the sole reason that there are only a few units of it in existence. If it serves no purpose and there is no demand it has no value.
2. No one claims it has value because of the few goods you can only buy with bitcoin. At least no one who understands what a crypto currency is, what it can be used for and of course those that use it and have understood basic economic concepts.
3. Those few percent add up to ridiculous amounts every year. Why pay a middle man when you can cut him out completely? Getting bitcoin is hard at first and gets easier afterwards. The reason there are no idiot proofs method around is because of the current money laundering laws. Otherwise you would simply walk up to a bitcoin ATM, throw in money and get coins.
True, Bitcoin is still something for enthusiasts, but people are working on making it easier. Currently localbitcoin is the easiest way to get some. Here in Berlin you can get some within 1 hour, faster if you pay a bit more.


* No chargebacks
This is simply a false claim. You will always get your money back if you bought something at a company that acts within the law. The problem with bitcoin is that people get scammed when giving their coins to anonymous individuals that promise them something. It is like handing cash to a stranger and hoping to get it back. There arent any chargebacks either. 
If you accidentally sent a legitimate company coins you will get them back, otherwise you could threat them with legal action.
*Ponzi scheme
Almost every assumption you make in this part is false or completely off. 






No. The others will have bitcoin. Probably worth a lot less, but they will have Bitcoin.


They took the risk, they are being rewarded for it. Same happens every day in the world. Someone takes the risk and gets wealthy. What about the Whatsapp developer? Do you think he deserves that much money for coding a few lines? What a stupid argument.


This is a moot point. A bank can take the number in your account at any time they want. Look at what happened in Cyprus. They can also limit your ability to access your wealth etc.
You can always print your wallet on paper and have it stored somewhere you think it is save. There is absolutely no reason to store your money at home.
Just because you cant think out of what has been established doesnt mean others cant. If you treat your paper wallet that contains coins worth a million dollars like a money bill that is worth a million dollars, you should never run into trouble.
If you want you can take your paper wallet and deposit it in a bank safe. Doesnt get closer to a bank account than this.


Probably the only point I agree with, it is a problem that people are working on, but then again bitcoin is still a few years away from being incorporated into supermarkets.


Someone just mentioned I am being trolled.


Yes I am.
@_date: 2014-03-17 09:41:05
Microsoft can simply ban all other browsers from their platform. **YOU** would switch to Linux, the majority wouldnt. They would use internet explorer instead. Now Microsoft repeats the process with disabling google and only allowing bing. The list goes on and on.
Now Microsoft decides to buy land and build houses on there for all their employees. One day they decide that if you want to work for Microsoft you have to live there. Sure, some people will leave the company, others will fill their place.
Microsoft then decides to have certain "rules" on their premises. Guns Alcohol, prostitution, is forbidden. Some will break these rules and will get fired, others will fill their place.
Now Microsoft has 20 000 employees on their premises. They decide that it is more efficient to produce the food for these people on site than have it brought in. To bring people to buy it they open their own supermarket that offers only Microsoft products while all other supermarkets who refuse to sell only Microsoft food are being kicked off their premises. 
At some point in time Microsoft realizes that if they introduce their own currency they could have people working for them for free, since they can produce the MsCoin in infinite numbers and it can only be spent on MS stores that are already being used by all their employees. To further enforce their rules and make sure no one uses other currencies or breaches MS law, they are building a private security service. Because the originally programmed operating systems, they merge them with their surveillance agency, eliminating privacy.
Meanwhile in Google land they prepare for an invasion of Microsoft land because the people over there are sitting on resources that can only be found there and are vital to googles expansion interest.
Half a century later Google land conquers the last village of free men on earth, a bunch of refugees and bitcoin enthusiasts that voted with their money to the very end, damning anarcho capitalism for what it turned into, wishing for a government elected by the people to defend them from the oppression of free markets.
You can spin the story on and on, you will eventually end up in a far worse version of today. Like I said in other posts, think of the state as a private agency, the biggest player in the room and see how free markets turn out.
Anarcho capitalists are right in pointing out the state as a source of the problem, but they fail to recognize that corporations would do the very same, because it is the most effective method of oppression and control next to religion.
@_date: 2014-01-25 13:17:26
Problem is, he is right.
@_date: 2014-02-06 18:10:36
What a waste of resources. I am by no means an apple fan but ... but ... I dont know.
@_date: 2014-02-12 10:30:53
In my opinion the current level is very artificial and just shows how much of a speculative item bitcoin is. People are betting on being able to resume business as usual, thats why the price stays up. It should be much lower without the it, since exchanges closing withdrawals is pretty much the worst step anyone can make. Imagine your bank saying they wont allow $ transactions and you cant access your funds. People would go nuts within minutes.
@_date: 2014-01-15 19:36:12
This is hilarious.
@_date: 2014-01-15 11:25:20
No offence, but you know very little about what you are talking here. It seems to me that you have been taught about Marx from a very subjective and most likely pejorative view instead of a scientific one, the way  these theories should be talked about. 
Marx tried to explain the socioeconomic situation as he saw it, some of his insights applied, others did not. It was his own theory of the economy and society and should not be linked to what people made out of it.
Every sociologist recognizes his works, many disagree, others see a lot of truth about them. Its a scientific debate in which there is no room for "you never get my money, commie!" Its like calling Tocqueville out by saying "see where it got us, libtard." It just displays a fundamental lack of knowledge about how to handle theories in general and makes one look very uneducated.
@_date: 2014-03-17 09:27:17
You can choose, because you have at least an amount of money that allows you to do so. Many others dont. They can only afford the cheapest trash because there is no option to eating the cheapest and most likely unhealthy food except dont eat at all and we know where that leads.
@_date: 2014-03-28 07:53:30
I can assure you that no major company will do this. They'll release stuff like Amazon coins, which are basically gift cards, but they will never create a currency like bitcoin. Those who did faced the harshest regulations and all of them deemed it not to be worth it. 
The government has so many problems attacking bitcoin because it is decentralised. If they would have a single company they can attack, bitcoin would have already been outlawed or ended voluntarily by the company itself. 
@_date: 2014-01-15 09:56:37
Please answer the following question to the best of your knowledge:
Are you uneducated?
[ ]Yes
[ ]Yes
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:22:39
I am pretty sure if Germany pulls a stunt like this the EU is going to enforce it too, meaning the whole of Europe would be outlawing it. 
Since changes for the worse never happen in the EU before happened in the US, I am pretty sure the US would do so too. 
I also think he was asking about a general ban of other (crypto) currencies.
@_date: 2013-11-22 07:31:21
I am waiting for a reddit post that reads like "LOL someone just sent me 20 btc. Thx kind stranger!"
@_date: 2013-07-11 12:22:20


@_date: 2013-12-17 14:05:42
Yeah man, this looks better than Apollo 18.
@_date: 2013-09-29 20:54:37
Expected answer of a fanatic. I understand bitcoin and like the idea but under no circumstances would I like to see a cashless society. Everyone with half a brain realizes the implications of such a step. Just thinking about being unable to pay anonymously gives me nightmares, but yeah, what to expect of someone who praises a technology that tracks every single transaction as public record? 
I like bitcoin as an addition to the existing economy and hope something similar to zero coin will come out of it. Until then I hope there arent enough nutjobs like you around that promote a cashless society.
@_date: 2013-11-21 08:24:56
Bro, change your address, phone number, facebook, linkedin, twitter, name, dog and family. I can find your blood type by a fucking google search, if OP decides to post this to 4chan you are going to be in deep shit.
Give her the bitcoins and hope she deletes your personal data.
Edit: Got a message that said she did, I can still access the full post through her message history.
@_date: 2013-12-17 14:20:24
Your post is also an example of how ridiculous the opinion of most people in this sub is. You seriously think that there are some conspirators who rig the market by downvoting and upvoting? On reddit?
You have no idea what is out there. The larger part of the btc community gives a flying fuck about this sub, most likely reddit in general. This is far from the hub that influences everything, this is a ridiculous dump for "to the moon" posts that did not have any connection to reality lately.
I mean holy shit, some people in here are questioning reality because they cant believe what the Chinese are doing. You dont even understand the language in which the recent news were written, yet you think China starts dumping because of rumors?
God, wake up. 
@_date: 2013-11-08 19:25:51
Does it work the same way in Europe?
@_date: 2013-09-29 18:14:28
The reporter raises completely irrelevant concerns while not pointing out why a cashless society comes at the price of personal freedom.
Cashless is such a horrible vision, I dont even like to think about it. It will be the complete dependancy on banks without being able to save your money from them.
You want to buy bitcoin with your cashcard? Aint gonna happen bro, since we control all money transaction they wont go there.
Oh, and let us share your shopping list with insurance companies of all kinds, lets see if they like what you eat. 
While we are at it, we take 50% of your savings because we had some investments go wrong, Cyprus style. You want to do a bank run to avoid that? Haha, good laughs bro, no more cash for you, your card just became unusable. 
This is just the tip of the iceberg.
But yeah, as long as people are forced to think twice about what they buy, this is totally acceptable.
@_date: 2013-05-03 13:29:41
The SR reason is ridiculous, they are way to small to have an impact and only a very few people of the bitcoin community actually use it. 
Also having CP in your block chain doesnt concern 99% of the bitcoin community, they never look into it anyway, most of them wont even have heard of it.
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:11:30
... and that is when I realized that I am piss poor Q.Q
@_date: 2013-08-24 07:00:34
Okay now, this will get burned but I will say it non the less. I love paper money. It does not matter in which currency, but it is important to me, that I can buy and sell goods anonymously. I know certain crimes would simply be impossible to commit if we are all using electronic cash but I despise nothing more than the idea that all my transactions can be traced by everyone who takes an interest.
I also find this to be one of the bigger flaws of bitcoins. 
So yeah, bitcoin users might not be affected by it, but at the price of staying fully anonymous. 
Just my point of view.
@_date: 2013-11-24 15:01:24
Whats the point behind this website? "Hey guys, have free bitcoins." doesnt sound like a working strategy to me.
@_date: 2013-11-24 22:59:00
ZeroCoin is the missing link. Once it goes life I will stockpile them and will only trade in zero coin. It fixes what I always found wrong with bitcoin, the lack of anonymity.
@_date: 2013-11-24 23:09:19
From the comments:


Bitcoins are worthless really. They are just bytes of information, which can be manipulated, or destroyed, like all bytes of information - just hit the delete button to see what I mean.
And E-bombs are a reality. You will not be able to protect your bitcoins. Take the money and run.
Use the delete button to end bitcoin. If the bankster knew...
@_date: 2013-06-10 13:43:24
I expected "paid the hooker in bitcoin"
@_date: 2013-09-29 21:55:25
I want to be honest, I dont think bitcoin will ever replace the current monetary system. Never, under any circumstances will the financial industry let that happen.
Bitcoin might be an alternative to the current system, superior in most ways, but so is the unconditional basic income. These ideas will never be implemented since they require too much positive change. Thats not part of our nature.
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:37:28
Whenever I think I have read a fair share of stupid for a day, an article like this pops up.