@_author: ste7e
@_date: 2015-04-22 01:12:07
The author can transform his artwork (or to be more precise: its usage rights) into a virtual property with following attributes:
- In spite of its immaterial nature, the good is limited and independently transferable respectively tradable.
- The authenticity of the signature and the signature date of the work, the good is based on, can be proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
- The acquisition of the good may come with more usage rights (e.g. the right to copy and to publish the artwork) than the acquisition of a material good.
- The “ownership” of the immaterial good and the entitlement to the connected usage rights can be proven by the owner beyond a reasonable doubt.
- The good can be securely and instantaneously sold or transferred worldwide with minimal transaction costs.
- If the good is paid with Bitcoins it can be securely sold worldwide without the need for an escrow service.
@_date: 2015-04-16 12:32:37
I've been working on this for over a year and recently released a special license which implements what you are describing. Please find more information here:
@_date: 2015-04-17 16:14:28
Certainly, phyiscal pieces have their own appeal. But they also have many disadvantages: their authenticity cannot be proven easily, their limitation not really guaranteed, they need storage space, they have to be shipped and when trading them over a distance you will need trust or some kind of escrow service.
The virtual properties under my license don't have these drawbacks.
And if you're the owner of the virtual property you are entitled to make a physical copy of the work if you feel like "hanging it on the wall".
Last but not least there are artworks that cannot be materialized easily. Think of song or a dance. Under my license they can be singular tradable collectible goods.
@_date: 2015-04-24 07:30:32
If you buy a material piece of art you will get only very limited set of usage rights to this piece. E.g. you are allowed to show the physical piece to other people, but you are not allowed to publish copies of it. The author of a material artwork of course could change this by giving you a license, which grants more usage rights. But this rarely happens with the acquisition of material artwortks.
The proposed bitcoin-based "ownership" of digital art is actually a license itself. Ownership doesn't mean the ownership of a physical piece (because there is none in digital art) but ownership of certain usage rights to the digital artwork. These rights typically include the right to copy and publish the work. So you can actually create a physical copy of the work and show it to people.
You want to be able to prove your usage rights whenever you make use of them or whenever you want to fight the misuse of them. With the help of Bitcoin and a special license text we can make sure that only one person is allowed to create physical copies of the work. Let's say that is you. Whenever you will find someone else printing "your" artwork in a book or selling posters of it on Amazon, you can sue this person. You're the only person who can prove to have the usage rights. To prove your ownership you don't need the help of the author of the digital artwork.
@_date: 2015-04-20 11:42:20
I've implemented the concept with a special license: 