@_author: steelerfaninperu
@_date: 2014-06-28 17:19:05
That makes more sense. 
Good luck with the new gig, hope it works out.
@_date: 2014-01-23 19:58:42
I'm not sure exactly how they're doing it, but I imagine they're giving you an instant price in BTC based on the current exchange rates and the price of the item. I'm guessing they're going to convert your BTC to USD, so you'd probably get USD back. But you'd have to ask them!
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:34:28
So which country is that? I could use me some more education.
@_date: 2014-05-13 18:43:42
The real solution IMO is to end re-election altogether. 
Regardless of how well you're able to defend the system that exists, it's still a broken system. We have two equally corrupt and inefficient parties that rarely if ever meet in the middle. They both have their rabidly loyal supporters that act like fans on a football team, constantly blaming the other party for every problem in America. 
It's frustrating to me because I find politics fascinating and enjoy a good debate, but I am constantly irked by the behavior and structure of our nation's politicians. Ending re-election might actually force them to be useful for a change, instead of constantly focusing on the next election and who they need to manipulate to get there.
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:58:26
Well ok mister private pants, can't just tell us what awesome country you live in that gives you all this? Maybe I wanna know where to raise my eventual bastard children.
@_date: 2014-01-31 14:21:26
I agree that the majority can be wrong (and has been many times), and I also don't believe that a majority is necessary to spark a discussion or promote change. I suppose my initial point was based in pragmatism. For a problem to be solved, the people affected by the problem need to agree. I perceive a minority (perhaps I'm wrong here) of women feel this way about these kinds of jobs. So until the rest get on board, I think it would be unfair to change the situation.
Put another way, if let's say 30% of people want things to change, but by doing so will negatively affect the other 70%, then it's unfair to change the rules. 
And your points about female employment are 100% accurate. I don't argue that women have disadvantages. However I feel that the fact that an attractive woman can always get a job, even in a bad economy, is a huge advantage. Essentially the floor is higher for an attractive woman than it is for a man. Granted, the ceiling is probably much lower. 
Can't really argue with your last point, however it's a bit apples vs oranges. Racial segregation was a pretty hairy situation. 
Changing topics somewhat, I think there's a much greater harm inflicted by these types of jobs that we haven't discussed. If women can pick up jobs like this based solely on their bodies, it strongly discourages education. And that ultimately prevents those same women from advancing beyond where they are. 
@_date: 2014-01-25 16:01:25
Apples and oranges. Exchanges are just that: Exchanges. They are not places to store your money. Those limits are in place because if there were no limits people could buy (or sell) beyond the stock that the exchange has. 
This is a bank, a place to store and access your money. Akin to your Bitcoin wallet. 
@_date: 2014-03-28 02:47:29
Point is how do you buy the BTC? Unless you're using local bitcoins you need to go through an exchange. Nobody should be storing BTC on Coinbase, but if you're buying it, you need to go through them at least. 
Banks at the moment have no real involvement in BTC. So their procedure is irrelevant, except when it comes to receiving large deposits. That could raise red flags. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:59:36
For people bashing these rules:
They're almost identical to the rules that currently exist for the stock exchange. If you buy stock, and then sell it, you need to report how much it was worth when you bought it, and how much it was worth when you sold it. Analogous to using an exchange.
If you were "given" stock as payment for work (i.e. Mining), then same thing. 
So really the rules are totally normal and fair, just burdensome.
And as an aside, it's better than them trying to make it illegal. You want it recognized? Gotta take the good with the bad.
@_date: 2014-02-27 12:00:14
And they'll never let it happen. Both sides of the aisle profit too much from being the only sides of the aisle. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 14:54:51
*TL;DR: Raise awareness, teach people, do NOT be combative or defensive. Take the moral high ground.*
Hey there friend. As someone who's been suspended by idiot junior high principals before for benign things, I recommend the following:
1. Make sure your parents have your back. If they're also being ignorant and closed minded, try to reason with them. Show them pages on how all the black markets have closed down (while it isn't 100% accurate, it IS true that most of the big deep web ebays have closed.) Show them charity projects and other articles that explain Bitcoin's real applications. If they won't listen to reason, then you may want to ignore my following suggestions. 
2. On your day off, write a short essay for the teacher that "busted" you. Try to adapt your writing to the teacher's subject. If it's English, write an argumentative essay explaining why Bitcoin is not just used for drugs. If it's history, how Bitcoin parallels the start of the internet or the first paper currency for example. Figure something out, make it nice, and turn it in when you come back into school. Your teacher will no doubt be impressed by this and will probably feel a lot of regret for busting you, earning you some valuable brownie points for the future. The key here though is to have somebody in your corner for the next point.
3. This could be the fun part. See if there are any online or offline businesses that accept Bitcoin in your area or who deliver. See if you can buy something for the school or for a teacher (ideally a popular teacher). Keep it simple, maybe a new coffee mug or computer mouse or a bag. Ask students and teachers for cash donations that you can convert to BTC on your mom's coinbase account. Put up some posters around the school advertising it, spread the word, and see what you can do. Even if it's as something as small as a new computer mouse for your computer teacher, it's worth doing. 
The point is to take the initiative to raise awareness that Bitcoin is not just for drugs. Punishing you for that belief is wrong, plain and simple. The people who punished you don't know what Bitcoin is, or how it works, or what it can do. Educate them, and then show them in real life how it works by doing something positive for the school. You'll earn your teachers' respect, and most importantly you can be proud of yourself for showing people the truth and standing up for yourself in a peaceful and respectful way. 
I'm a high school English teacher and believe me if a student did this, I would be beyond impressed. If you decide to do this and need help with writing or want some ideas, send me a message. I'd be happy to help. 
Or you can just enjoy your day off and never speak of Bitcoin again in school. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:57:02
Well written rebuttal. I understand that obviously the women that take these jobs represent a fraction of women, and certainly not all of them. But I just feel that that further drives home the fact that this particular case is simply being blown way out of proportion.
If women can't get a majority on the same page about something, then I don't see why we should get upset on their behalf. Clearly there's a group here that IS benefiting from this arrangement in some way.  
As far as women getting employment, you changed the topic. My argument was that an attractive woman can get a job easier than a similarly qualified man. I did not refer to ALL women, nor did I bring up pay. But let me ask you how many unemployed women do you know that are absolutely gorgeous? I know of not one. And I sure as hell have met plenty of them working behind counters despite barely having a clue as to what they were doing. So if being hot helps you get a job, how is that a disadvantage? 
On the topic of business, they sell sex for women too you know. Every perfume commercial has some hot exotic muscular dude picking a girl up in an exotic car. The free market responds to the desires of the people. We no longer sell black-face makeup toy kits because that's considered wrong now. The government NEVER had to intervene in that area, and I sure to hell hope it never does. 
The day the government tells us no more scantily clad men or women on the TV is the day America has died. 
@_date: 2014-02-20 04:34:23
Actually those are the people you need to worry about most. It means they're stupid, and stupid people are unpredictable.
@_date: 2014-06-08 15:39:52
From what I understand, if you even try to look at the blockchain when somebody has 51%, you'll go blind and your dick will fall off.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:10:07
I like that. Here's an idea.
Create a giant wallet where we all just pour BTC into it, and put a bounty on it. First congressman to put a "Cryptocurrency Deregulation Law" which guarantees cryptos' right to remain deregulated and that permits it to be used like cash gets all the cheese. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:08:05
Well the biggest problem is that they're trying to force people to use a currency they don't trust. We BTC supporters appreciate the fact that for a currency to become useful it needs to be trusted. 
So since Argentinians trust their peso about as much as you'd trust a homeless man to watch your children, its value is plummeting. To discourage people from using Freedom Bills they make it extremely difficult to get them without a valid reason, and even then exchange rates are inflated causing a black market exchange to appear. 
And so as more people want to get dollars, the Peso's value drops, and prices (which must be in Pesos) now increase. So you have lots of inflation. And once again, people want less pesos, lather rinse repeat. 
Bottom line is, if they would have stayed completely out of everything, the free market would have handled the situation. People would have simply put prices in dollars, and inflation wouldn't have increased nearly as much as it has in the last few years. It's another classic case of a failed semi-socialist Latin American ideology that insists on overreaching governmental intervention. 
@_date: 2014-05-12 13:03:32
Oh man... Hang on... Gotta stop laughing... Just, just let me catch my breath. 
Firstly: Bitcoin anonymity would prove quite useful. Dark Wallet?  
Secondly: Not if you donate it to a campaign fund. 
Thirdly: This happens LITERALLY all the time.
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:03:43
These are just growing pains, it's part of the whole process. Nobody can expect every single exchange to operate perfectly and anticipate every single issue that's bound to appear. The hackers and miscreants will always be a step ahead, that's the nature of the game. 
The bright side is that Bitcoin itself is not the problem here, so even if some people do succeed in ripping off a site here and there, or simply just causing some random chaos, the fundamental principles behind the protocol will still continue to work.
We just need to be patient.
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:46:01
I don't believe he was being Bitcoin specific here. 
His point was that consistent deflation would affect how society operates. When there's deflation, your money increases in value while your tangible assets go down. 
If that became the norm, people would probably splurge less on things like cars and homes since their value would eventually decline. Not to mention that paying back debt becomes tougher with deflation, since you're paying it back with more valuable money. 
In other words, we'd probably start hoarding more cash and stop spending   to the point where we're in debt up to our eyeballs. Frankly this could be a good thing. I would argue that in the USA it's actually the next logical step. Our current state of affairs is unsustainable. Deflation wouldn't destroy domestic industry (since there practically is none). And it would probably make our economy less volatile and speculative.  
@_date: 2014-05-15 14:56:33


I'm not pretending that I could craft a perfect system of government. No such thing exists, nor can it, and admittedly ours is considerably better than others that are out there. But there's room for improvement. I'd be happy with a change that could turn "no" into "maybe".
Alliances will always form, that's a given. Cantor's case seems interesting and I'll read about it. Lobbyists would continue to exist, but in having to reconstruct relationships with congress more frequently I believe they'd have to be a bit more objective. And again, in a goal-driven system their needs would have to be weighed against the needs established by the people and executive. 
Essentially I'd like to see more balance in terms of who is being catered to. At the moment, it seems an awful lot like corporate interests are valued higher than individual needs. And I'm fine with corporate interests being considered and addressed, it's one of the things that makes America such a great place to build an empire. But it gets in the way of effective legislation on things like health, net neutrality, personal finance, and other things that affect regular people. 
I feel that my ideas if implemented would improve the connection between people and government, and force the government to respond to both the needs of large companies and those of the citizens who put them in government in the first place. 
Speaking of federalism, frankly the whole federal government is bloated and out of control, and we need to get back to letting states be more independent and autonomous. 


Couldn't agree more. Shame most people are stupid and unable to differentiate between BS rhetoric and an actual plan. Plans seem to be lacking today. Politicians nowadays just make blanket statements that no sane person could ever argue with. Things like "every child should get an education." Well then tell me how you're going to do it, ideally before we elect you. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:03:48
Couldn't have said it better, this needs to go straight to the top.
@_date: 2014-02-27 12:03:00
Hey Joe Manchin, the last thing we should be doing is following the damn commies in Europe. This is America! We're  and we set the example. And our example should be telling other people to suck it. 
Oh and there's this thing called FREEDOM. Apparently YOU sir do not like it. 
Go invade someone else's privacy and rights. Douche.
@_date: 2014-02-19 13:24:28
The economy would certainly shrink. The interesting argument that was made above is that we might actually be able to adapt to that and have a less consumerist economy. 
I'm not saying deflation is a good thing, I'm mostly just playing Devil's Advocate here. It's interesting to me to consider the potential ramifications of a mostly inflation-free economy. 
@_date: 2014-05-15 01:28:27
The services a bank provides, and the use of the money held in said bank, are two completely separate things.
I have money in bank accounts in more than one country. Obviously I cannot simply go to the bank when I am not in that country. I can still however access most of my funds via ATM where I DO live. I can also use online banking or paypal to move my money.
This is where Bitcoin would be an advantage to me, I would love to be able to move my money to and fro with virtually no real fee or complication. 
instead of focusing on how long the bank is open (which rarely affects most people) focus on how you use your money, and then see that BTC does offer advantages in that regard. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 14:44:52
A very well thought-out argument but it makes a very glaring supposition: PACs always provide support to established candidates/members who *already* support their goals. 
In your hypothetical scenario the congressmen in question already support Bitcoin. However is that scenario always valid? Aren't some politicians "swayed" from their positions or "encouraged" to vote one way or another in order to either begin receiving or continue to receive campaign funds? 
I would argue that PACs constitute a de-facto bribe based on the fact that if you were to vote against the interests that they represent you could lose funding, even if that vote would be the perfectly logical choice or a necessary compromise in a larger deal. 
And in a system with perpetual re-election as its heart, then money is the blood which has to keep flowing. 
Politics is corrupt, denying the existence of bribery in its various forms (it needn't always be quid-pro-quo) is naive and plays right into their hands. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:39:29
Apples and oranges to an extent here. 
The three things you mentioned were physical products, not services. The internet was simply packet switching, private business made that profitable. And the Space program and Hoover dam are amazing engineering feats, but are simply objects at the end of the day. 
Obamacare's website is a service designed for use by virtually every American in the country. It's rollout so far has been a complete and utter shit sandwich. Finally they've scraped most of the shit out of it. 
It'd be like if we ALL had to get in the space shuttle, and most of them exploded. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 14:59:55
Let's not. Lawyers aren't the answer. They're half the reason that stupid policies exist in the first place (although not so much in this case). 
Our culture needs to stop jumping to legal action as the first response for any injustice. There are more civil and humane ways to prove that you're right, and they're often more effective in the long run. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 03:05:39
This is the bigger issue, these exchanges are not professionally run and are starting to show their weaknesses now.
There should be a team dedicated to resolving and preventing these problems, not just one guy in someone's basement (which I suspect is the case here).
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:26:31
Excellent thoughts, and I agree with most of them. Frankly leaving fiscal policy in the hands of governments is generally going to lead to problems. 
Bitcoin needs to get those new developments in pronto if it expects to stand tall in the world. 
The biggest obstacle is people accepting it, and that's gradually eroding.
@_date: 2014-05-11 19:48:30
See my comment above, I feel there are more productive solutions to the problem than just lawyering up.
And my comment about society wasn't directed at you specifically for the record. I think it's an issue that needs to be addressed, people gotta stop suing over everything.
@_date: 2014-02-18 13:01:10
The reason Obamacare was brought up is that it's a perfect example of government ineptitude, especially when it comes to modern technology. That was OP's point, so I fail to see how it is off topic to debate that point. 
There was nothing political about it at all, OP didn't mention democrats, republicans, or even Obama himself. He said nothing positive nor negative about the idea of Obamacare itself. 
@_date: 2014-03-27 10:57:40
When Coinbase sends in their reports, every US citizen buying BTC through them is going to hit the IRS's desk. 
Now granted, they're not worried about small players, but if you've moved anything over a couple thousand you should put it on there.
@_date: 2014-06-28 12:14:43
Good luck to you and all. But that's **not** how you resign.
Dear whoever,
As of [date] I will no longer be able to serve as an employee of [company] for personal reasons. 
EDIT for explanation:
Maybe you're tight with your boss, in that case just explain it in person. Anything in writing can come back to bite you. What if Bitcoin tanks completely and you want to get another job in that same industry? Now your boss has shared this with other potential employers and they might think you're an idiot for doing what you did. You just never know, better to give as little information as possible.
@_date: 2014-05-15 04:17:47


So let's change the system so that every level of government functions in more or less the same way. 


In a system where people change out frequently, you wouldn't really have time to worry about who's a friend and who's not. Ideally under a goal-driven system it wouldn't matter. 


That's the truth. But it's the exact idea that condemns our nation to prolonged suffering under the current system. I know it'll never change in my lifetime, but I sure hope it does. 


If the people are allowed an active (truly active, not just representative) say in what the government needs to do, then it's much easier to choose a candidate that aligns with the goals of the public. How about candidates propose plans instead of rhetoric about ideals. Why not vote for people based on what they actually bring to the table, their ideas instead of their dreams. 
@_date: 2014-01-23 20:00:19
Mike Tyson bought the last one
@_date: 2014-03-01 13:45:52
Absolutely right. You're not missing a thing. Unfortunately, as I always say, 70% of all people are stupid. 
It's called an exchange for a reason. You're supposed to exchange it. If I travel and I need to exchange currency, I don't hand the money changer $100 and then walk away and say I'll come back tomorrow. I know he won't have it. 
You wouldn't trust a stranger in person to hold you money, why would you trust someone whose face you haven't even seen?
@_date: 2014-01-30 01:35:00
You're right, but your solution is simply impossible. To get all men to simply lay down their peckers and stop cheering on sexy women in objectifying positions is like asking for a midget to slam dunk a basketball. 
What MIGHT work is having all the smart women shame the bimbos into changing their game. Perhaps if every single woman made those girls feel bad for taking that stripper job, they wouldn't take it. That seems far more likely than getting adolescent males to control their sex drive.
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:58:50
Your home address and phone number are probably available online anyway. It's a far cry from some 17 year old Russian kid having your SSN, DOB, and then some. 
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:11:12
Murican hypocrisy at its finest.
@_date: 2014-01-09 19:51:55
Nice! Good to see BTC getting out in the open. 
Amazon is the big one, but Overstock is a big step forward.
@_date: 2014-05-11 14:31:48
I don't.
Middle school principals are pretty dumb. I got suspended once for "impeding the departure of a schoolbus." I simply walked onto another bus by accident, realized it, got off, and went to my correct one. I was also the first person on the bus, I didn't hold anybody up. 
Luckily my dad summoned all manners of hell and chewed him out good.
@_date: 2014-05-13 21:19:20
Institutional memory and expertise can come from previous experience in different state capacities, such as state congress, local governments, etc.. 
Provided long enough term times and rotating elections (much like we do now) you could easily ensure that the people entering congress are capable of handling their duties. Party leadership would be capable of ensuring general compliance with standards and practices, as well as ideology.
My ideal system of government is one that functions almost identical to a real corporation. Pay based on achievement of specific measurable goals.  E.g. Reduce crime rates by x% or decrease spending on ____ by x%. Reach the goals, get paid. 
Those goals are established via state/national polls and the executive branch. The closer you get to them, the more compensation you receive. 
Instead of putting the focus on re-election let's shift the focus towards what people actually want and need. This would also align parties to common goals and force them to work together as opposed to the current system of every man for himself. 
@_date: 2014-05-28 10:43:42
Here's a thought:
If you're keeping money on an exchange for prolonged periods of time, you're stupid!
Use it, exchange it, spend it. Or put it in your own wallet! Problem solved.
@_date: 2014-05-11 15:02:36
Dude it's clear this is a kid. Check his other posts and his spelling of "million". 
What's funny is that you're the one bringing up conspiracies and "the man".
@_date: 2014-01-21 12:13:07
Right, but that's neither here nor there. We're discussing Bitcoin vs Banking, one clearly has more potential to leak information than the other. 
Anyways it's all pretty much a crapshoot nowadays. 
@_date: 2014-01-24 11:04:26
Yeah this really is apples and oranges. Argentina's fiscal policy makes about as much sense as climbing into a plastic bag and sealing it shut. 
Any country that prohibits people from buying Murican Dollars is retarded. But that's what you get for having a pretty face shopaholic absentee female president. 
@_date: 2014-04-28 03:20:05
I agree with you in principle that we shouldn't frankly have to ask for permission, but I think we need to be redirecting any outrage towards the public office responsible for this policy, not towards the man who simply wanted to engage in a responsible discussion with his policy makers. 
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:04:39
Also one other point I'd like to make.
Sex sells better to stupid people. I estimate roughly 70% of the world is stupid. I would say that most people involved with BTC are intelligent, just judging by the sheer obscure nature in the eyes of most people. Therefore, if you want to expand your market share, and your target market will respond well to this type of advertising, then it would be stupid of you not to do so. 
And you can do both. You can have hot chicks market your product while also having a female executive for instance. Pepsi's done it. 
@_date: 2014-02-18 12:30:51
We all know why it's undesirable. It makes your assets worth less. And it reduces the price of goods and that leads to less profit for businesses, and possibly less jobs.
But the last time we had real deflation was the depression. Nowadays the vast majority of Americans don't work in industry. So if the price of goods falls, guess who gets hurt? China. New homebuyers win. 
Maybe it's time for a bit of deflation. Honestly we've had nothing but ridiculous inflation for the last few decades. Our real wages haven't gone up since the 80s. Cost of living continues to rise. Maybe a bit of deflation would do people some good.
But nooooo... my stock has to go up!
@_date: 2014-01-29 14:56:23
Well, they are hot. They are Asian. And they are chicks. 
I guess next time the title should say "Attractive Chinese Females" instead so as not to offend anyone.
@_date: 2014-04-28 00:29:10
Don't blame the guy for asking his government (which should work for him) to do something reasonable. Blame the damn government for being over-regulatory idiots. 
And there's no minority vs majority here. BTC users are a small minority. People using it to buy booze are an even smaller minority. 
@_date: 2014-05-16 16:23:28
Well I have to say that's a bit of a revelation to me. I mean obviously I understand that congressmen don't do all their own work but I wouldn't have thought of it like that. I suppose I always figured it was more like they give guidelines or tell the staff what to do, either generally or specifically. 
You've obviously got a closer relationship to this so you definitely have more perspective. It's been an interesting discussion. 
Curious, let me ask you this, are you satisfied with the way things run now? What do or don't you like about it? 
BTW you should do an AMA sometime.
@_date: 2014-04-11 10:44:27
Every investor is different. But people DO have to realize that BTC is a high risk investment, frankly I don't think it should even be used as an investment. Day trading at best. 
If you take a high risk investment, you have to be able to stomach the ups and downs, and you have to be able to hang in there for the long haul. 
BTC is much better played as a short term (less than a week) option. Read the charts. This last dip was completely predictable. The support was at $420, and once it fell it fell hard. Easy call to buy. Bought at $375, sold this morning at $400. That's the way to play it.
@_date: 2014-01-29 16:12:06
Well people are going to have differing opinions. And mine is that if the job were truly so horrific and terrible, then why do women do it? If they didn't accept those jobs, then we wouldn't even be having this discussion. 
If women want to be taken as serious equal participants, perhaps they should stop accepting these chauvinist jobs. But many a women has relied on her physical attributes to secure employment, an unfair advantage that women have over men I might add. So really both sides are at equal fault in my opinion. 
And as a business man, sex sells plain and simple. Men like hot women. We like sex. We think about it all the time. There's nothing wrong with that. Don't blame a brand for simply catering to its people. They create a position that a women fills, and that position pleases other customers. It's a win win as far as I'm concerned.  
@_date: 2014-06-08 17:22:47
I thought if you masturbate you got to double-spend your money.. Looks like I've got it all backwards.
@_date: 2014-04-19 23:47:38
Bitstamp has never done me wrong. They were very clear up front that in order to buy you needed to first ID yourself with some basic things, and then to withdraw you needed to add additional verification steps.
While I agree that it would avoid confusion if we implemented your rule, all you have to do is read the rules in the first place.. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 01:31:19
I'm fully aware of the definition of a bribe, thanks for the explanation though. Perhaps the sarcasm didn't come off well enough in the first post. While my original idea was meant to be tongue in cheek, it does bring up a good point. 
Companies "invest" in congress all the time via PAC funding and donations. Bribery is de-facto legal:
Your solution is far better of course, I obviously would not go through the efforts to actually try to make my sarcastic dream a reality. However your argument of "that would be a bribe" ignores the fact that virtually the same thing occurs on a regular basis without any major repercussions. It also implies that bribery doesn't occur in congress, hence my condescending (and rather dickish) laughter, which I apologize for. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 13:37:43
In a sense it's the only way to really apply any sort of downwards pressure. 
At the moment there's no such thing as a BTC short sell, which is a nice counterpoint to all the bullish action going on now. 
Trying to keep the price from skyrocketing is a GOOD thing. If you hit the ceiling too hard, you hit your head and fall to the floor. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:28:11
Interesting, didn't know that. Still, the amount of short volume must be considerably low in comparison with the buying side of it. 
I don't know the volume breakdown offhand, but I'm willing to bet since most people are only buying BTC through standard cash exchanges the amount of people engaging in that type of trading would be very low. 
Compared to a stock market, where the only real way to buy is through a full functioning broker website that gives you all those options (margin, short, etc) I assume that most people aren't engaging in such options. 