@_author: steinhauser
@_date: 2014-02-27 21:03:36
think about this.
Normally a revolution is backed and funded by large vested interests that have access to great wealth and resources. This image right here could be the beginning of the REAL peoples revolution.
With bitcoin a revolution could be funded anonymously without any friction of currency exchange travel or political strife. Within minutes bitcoin can be transfered to help fund real causes and bring about TRUE peaceful change as opposed to the regime switching we see going on today. Just another example of how truly amazing bitcoin is!
@_date: 2014-03-08 15:24:18
you know if you replaced Christian cult with jewish cult you would porbably get banned from reddit. Why is it when Christians band together to make money its a cult but when jewish people do it its business as usual? 
@_date: 2014-02-04 10:24:41
Wow this! i have a great idea for starbucks. This is a great way for people to convert their worthless fiat currency to bitcoin with something that has value. Its like buying stock in a company for a stable investment! Starbucks Would need to change their values of gift card from an expression of fiat currency to actual "Starbucks" that way they have created a denotation of value not determined buy what Jannet Yellen says. Starbucks wins because its selling a proprietary currency insuring that any wealth held on said cards will be used to buy their products and the more this method is used to exchange wealth the more popular starbucks becomes and the more starbucks is guaranteed business. I know that starbucks having its own currency would have cart blanc to do what they want with the currency but they would be disincentivised  to mess with it as it would effect the potential profitability of the company in the future. Not to mention that when someone starts doing it others will quickly catch on making reputation and fairness of exchange an important sticking point.
The jack booted thugs cant get in the way now as starbucks is the one holding the wealth and all the money made is legitamate. The only response would be to ban bitcoin and as soon as thats done its very clear what the intentions of the law makers are. 
I was just wondering the other day how people could exchange their wealth from fiat to bitcoin without someone getting ripped off...I guess i figured it out.
@_date: 2014-03-04 13:27:21
Ha! Best of luck buddy!
doing what he proposes to do is like saying "im going to clean up the internet, No more porn or racism! or i will eliminate jealousy!
Its like watching a child try to make sense of quantum physics except a child can be excused for their ignorance.
@_date: 2014-02-04 10:05:42
Exactly we cant go against the fed after all they have never lied or stolen anything. They are a completely legitimate institution....right?
@_date: 2014-03-09 10:18:09
I am asking a question. A question that needs answering what is a cult and what is a religion? Apparently if i ask a question and it in ANY way involves Jewish sentiments, people or ideals i am an anti Semite. You know every day you complain without discussion you loose credibility. You are turning the Jewish people into tumble rites complaining ANY chance you get. The Jewish people are a strong race full of hard workers and  intelligent business men why the fuck are you treating them like they need defense?
Maybe YOU are the anti Semite?