@_author: sterlinlujan
@_date: 2015-12-30 21:04:15
That is awesome. I am glad that personal practitioners are able to do this, and I wholly support it. However, my article was geared toward cyber-counseling companies in the hopes that they will go toward this direction as well. 
@_date: 2015-12-15 01:39:53
The hits were never vindicated in court or even brought based on the evidence, but more importantly: no one was murdered. 
@_date: 2016-01-05 21:41:13
Sure, but I don't need amateur editorial feedback. Let's discuss the issues rather than issuing passive-aggressive attacks on the writing style or organization of the content. I am not opposed to feedback from professionals; but even than it is dicey, because oftentimes people have underlying motivations against the content or ideas. There is a reason I have professional editors and I am getting compensated. 
@_date: 2016-01-04 01:21:54
Everyone can find ways to improve their writing, but your critique was based on erroneous assumptions. Like I said, we have a full editorial staff and I am a paid, professional writer. Do you mind showcasing your writing, your page, and your credentials -- so that I may see what you consider "on par with professional news organizations"? 
@_date: 2016-01-02 21:35:06
Nice reply, Bad Libertarian. I am of the same mindset. As Decentralized Autonomous Organizations emerge from the functionality of decentralized protocols, the economic structure of the world will change drastically, and there will be no more room for authority. I don't really see this going any other way, unless government's attempt to control all nodes or resort to more dire measurements. The future is still too uncertain, but it will be interesting to watch it play out. The technology is here whether people like it or not. 
@_date: 2016-01-04 06:29:16


You can certainly interchange them. They all fall prey to the fact that they cannot solve the economic calculation problem. With this economic fact understood, you realize why socialism always fails at all times and in all places. 
Furthermore, "western" socialism isn't pure socialism as claimed, and Scandinavian countries are used as the examples par excellence. However, most of these countries have "mixed economies," where businesses are allowed to function based on market and capitalistic principles; not to mention, their tax rates (extorted money) is atrociously high. Generally speaking, the more that common ownership or State ownership of resources is promoted, the more likely that economy falls victim to lack of market signals. The more freedom or capitalism that is allowed, however, the more that country flourishes. There are a couple of good books on this subject that I recommend, but Christopher Chase Rachels book "A Spontaneous Order: The Capitalist Case For A Stateless Society," is a great start. 


Do you not read any Bitcoin.com articles? All of our articles are formatted in a similar manner. Not my decision, but still readable. My thought process scattered? The piece is organized with subheadings over each part, and each part flows from the previous. I am not sure how that is "scattered." 
@_date: 2016-01-04 05:59:36
If I think I need your feedback, I will ask for it. Imagine if I took feedback from every Jim or Bob on the internet? Could you imagine what that would look like? If you have credentials as a professional writer and have decent writing credits, I may take your feedback seriously. But I work for professionals, and do this for a living --- so I am inclined to take feedback from people with the proper skill set. Furthermore, in the future, just refrain from this type of feedback, as we have an editorial staff that handles these issues and checks our work as it is produced. Thank you. 
@_date: 2016-01-03 23:16:02


I would have went on to read the rest of your critique, but you did not seem to read my article. I did not misrepresent the original Luddite position. Matter of a fact, I quoted a source concerning the idea that they were upset about possibility losing their jobs. I explicitly mentioned it. The rest of my article was concerning neo-Luddites and their anti-capitalistic hatred of technology. Please re-read the article, and then we can have a discussion on what you disagree with. I appreciate it. Thanks. 
@_date: 2016-01-04 00:34:29
They are not scattered at all. I get regular major props for my writing, and the last article I wrote jumped pretty high on Reddit. We have a full blown editorial staff, and I write professionally for multiple organizations. Generally speaking, when people make comments in this manner, it is because the have a problem with the content or disagree. I appreciate your misplaced critique, though. 
@_date: 2015-08-09 02:49:09
What? Where is the fungibility of Bitcoin thrown into question? 
Also, why is it intellectually dishonest to call Bitcoin money? I just finished writing a whole article as to why Bitcoin IS money. 
@_date: 2015-07-20 21:33:47
Thank you very much Noel. We appreciate that. I will do what I can to bring more intermittently. 
@_date: 2015-08-11 18:11:20
Bitcoin does not have total lack of privacy. Using Bitcoin is pseudo-anonymous, as no identifying information is automatically attached to people. 
And yes the situation you mentioned can happen, but that is not a problem of fungibility. Just because the money can be tracked after it went somewhere does not mitigate fungibility. Bitcoin's subunits can still be exchanged for the exact same units. The is all a money needs to be fungible. The other problems you mentioned are an issue of security and anonymity, which can be addressed by developers. 
Furthermore, it is not dishonest to call Bitcoin money. It is currently being used as MONEY. People are exchanging it and trading and it possesses all of the characteristics. What is dishonest is individuals like you spreading disinformation about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2015-07-20 18:01:58
When you don't get your product? Okay, that is obviously not a problem of defrauding you through the Bitcoin protocol. That is someone defrauding you by tricking you into buying a product they did not intend to sell in the first place. In the article, I am talking primarily about identity theft fraud. I thought I made this stuff clear. 
@_date: 2015-07-19 15:45:47
Fraud only happens with Bitcoin when you let others control your money via their wallet, or you purposely give out your information. This is the difference between a "push" and "pull" technology, which I explain in the article. 