@_author: stevenh512
@_date: 2014-09-27 18:03:08
In this particular case, it's not bitcoin's fault, just one specific wallet (blockchain). No other wallet I've ever used would have sent out that transaction with more than 0.0001 in fees. This isn't a case of user error playing with raw transactions (as is usually the case) or even an error that most wallets make, it's something that needs to be fixed at blockchain.info.
While there are quite a few reasons I can think of why bitcoin isn't "ready for mainstream adoption" yet, I don't think an error in a single wallet (no matter how popular it may be) is one of those reasons.
@_date: 2015-02-22 00:25:36
How is Electrum a scam? It's one of the easiest desktop wallets to use (Windows, Mac &amp; Linux) and even has built-in features for multisig wallets, watch-only wallets (with no private key, so they can't spend) and offline cold wallets. It even uses RFC6979 deterministic signatures to prevent any leaks that might be caused by a bad random number generator.
I use GreenAddress more often these days, but I've been using Electrum for a couple years now and it's always been easy to use and reasonably secure (I've never lost coins, even on a Windows machine that had quite a bit of malware).
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:27:41
Indeed people do, when they have to (or sometimes even when they want to). Mankind didn't always have the sophisticated system of trade we have today or even the earlier barter systems or precious metal standards. I'd argue that hunting your own food is much easier than securing a cache of money by traditional standards (meaning cash, gold, silver, savings bonds.. physical money and/or monetary instruments). To hunt your own food you just need a few basic tools, a gun or a bow and arrow works nicely but a knife or a spear can be just as effective in the right hands. To secure the money you need, first things first, a safe or a vault. Depending on how much money, you might also need armed guards and insurance. This is why we deposit our money in the bank (or at least the only reason I've ever deposited my money in one), they already have a vault, armed guards and insurance. Of course with Bitcoin cryptography is the vault and the random number you have to keep safe is a lot easier for you to manage and hide than, say, 100 ounces of silver.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:48:17
If that regulation is legitimately aimed at stopping fraud and theft (and does so in a way that doesn't take away Bitcoin's fungibility or get in the way of ease of use or my right to contract freely) then I'm all for it. If the regulation is a sham designed to make Bitcoin harder for the average person to use and raise the barrier of entry for new startups in the name of preventing "money laundering" and "terrorism" when there's no evidence it's being used for either on anywhere near the scale that the U.S. dollar is, then I'm against it.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:40:47
In that case, if you were held in contempt for refusing to provide a cryptographic key, you would have a pretty good chance of winning on appeal without ever having to give up the key.. at least in the U.S.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:00:09
More likely, in that situtation I'd point "grandma" to Coinbase or Circle as an easy and secure way to buy and sell Bitcoin but I would try not to create the illusion in her mind that they were secure long-term storage solutions or day to day wallets. For that purpose I'd more likely recommend something like GreenAddress, as easy to use as any other web, mobile or desktop wallet with multisig security that means nobody can steal your coins without compromising both you and GreenAddress (and the nLocktime transactions are easy enough to use, it wouldn't take me 5 minutes to show her how to recover her money if GreenAddress ever went under).. or maybe I might introduce her to things like the Trezor or the Ledger hardware wallet.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:10:47
It's probably (just given their reputation and how long they've been around) quite a bit safer at Coinbase than it would be with most other web wallet/bitcoin bank services, but there's no way it's safer than managing your keys yourself (with paper wallets, hardware wallets, or even just a copy of Electrum or Multibit) or using a multisig wallet to give you the convenience of a web wallet without the chance that the provider might be "hacked" and run off with your money.
@_date: 2015-02-22 00:13:50
Imagine? I remember that time lol, the internet has grown a lot since the days of 28.8k dialup. Back then nobody thought it would be useful and important in the average person's life. Nobody would have thought that places like Facebook, Reddit and countless forums spread across the web would be the places people come to share their thoughts and opinions, or that things like Wikipedia and Encarta would put traditional encyclopedias out of print.