@_author: steve_the_stevedore
@_date: 2014-11-01 01:10:14
ok let's assume your anology worked: in that case your money is more like commercial real estate. the rent you get are services like ATMs, online banking, credit cards and a secure place to store your money. But you have no claim at all to the money t a company (in this case your bank) generates on your real estate. The reason banks choose to share their profit with you is that they can. They can share the earnings and still be profitable so one bank started to do it and then all the other banks had to do the same. If you rent away a store house you will try to evaluate how much the proprty is worth and set the rent accordingly but if your tenant is more successful than you estimated he doesn't owe you shit. He did the work and earned the money. It's his not yours. If he agreed to give you a share in your contract lucky you but you aren't entitled to it just because you own the building.
@_date: 2014-10-31 15:20:10
But you aren't paying that difference. The bank earnes money from your money and they give you a share of the profit. Just because you don't get 100% of it doesn't mean you pay them. They did the work to earn the profit in the first place and after that they reward you for making it possible by giving them your money. 
@_date: 2014-10-31 23:20:39
When you work you actually do something and you get payed for that. The government takes some of that money. If you put your money in a bank account you don't do any work from there on. The bank uses your money without you doing anything. While the money is in your account you can't use it and the bank chooses to compensate you for that. Without the bank you would get exactly *ZERO* interest on your money. The bank earns the profit, not you. They choose to share some of it with you to create an incentive for you to put more money into your account so that they can work with it.  If anything you pay with the risk of the bank going bankrupt.
Again: The earnings the bank generates from your money is their's not yours. They did the work. You get compensated/rewarded for making your money available to them. You get a share of the bank's earnings. They pay you not the other way around.