@_author: stevenths788
@_date: 2017-12-21 02:59:37
. My biggest issue with bitcoin is it being backed by nothing. I’m not super techy but I come from an economic Background. My economic view of the future of crypto will be decentralized currencies that are backed by the production of a good or resource creating an almost barter like approach to the market. 
For example: wheatcoin, silver coin, etc. this is the future. Economically speaking I wanted to get bitcoin to get away from centralized currency that is being manipulated by governments resulting in a loss of purchasing power. A true tell of currency stabilization is it staying non volatile. Bitcoin is turning into exactly what it should not be. An extremely risky short term investment that many may lose their money on. Currency should retain value overtime. For example of uncentralized currency, from 1865-1913 the US dollar would buy the same amount of gold and silver (give or take 1-5 cents) meaning the dollar neither gained or lost value. This is a great currency. Currency needs stabilization. In 1913 the federal reserve started and centralized the monetary supply the price of gold in dollars changed more in the next 6 months than it did in the previous 65 years. Bitcoin is not a currency at all right now. Bitcoin is an internet trend. Currencies that are decentralized and are well constructed do not change in value too much. Going from being worth 1000$ to 20k in one year and currencies like the dollar not having a bad year means bitcoin gained only as a speculative investment not in light of its value in compared to the very currencies its fighting(government currencies) bitcoin and others have so far to go. It has less to do with the technological applications to me and more to do with the actual price stability. Currencies should not change in value and should be be mineable at all times only in retrospect to the amount of people buying in. The currency needs to be pegged to the amount of money flow in in and they should have not stopped the mining of bitcoin. This was centralization, it artificially created a lower supply when there is a high demand leading to this insane price drive so that the top bitcoin users can cash it in for bit cash right before the bubble pops. I see a lot of techy people on here where our economists?!!