@_author: stevencarpenter
@_date: 2014-03-27 07:12:13
Here's a video filmed in outer space by the QLF Incorporated: A Bitcoin Philanthropy and Nonprofit Organization. QLF Incorporated is branding and utilizing Digital Philanthropy to take Bitcoin to the moon! Check out this short video recorded in OUTER SPACE and visit  for more information!
@_date: 2014-03-27 23:57:35
Thank you for showing so much support! Alah is doing incredible things for Botswana. Please visit our site to learn more and possibly get involved with the mission to use Bitcoin to transform Africa! 
@_date: 2014-03-05 14:00:35
Botswana is one of the fastest growing economies in the world, but happens to be the third most unequal country in the world. With Botswana leading economic growth in Africa, it is the perfect place to gain a strong foundation for Bitcoin. This is going to transform Africa and will take Bitcoin straight to the moon!
@_date: 2013-11-13 12:23:52
also, i'm creating bitconfused.org and will be adding these as well as others in hopes of expanding bitcoin common knowledge, especially in america considering everyone I speak with has no idea what a bitcoin is... YET!
@_date: 2013-11-13 12:34:22
Count me in! We have to network and brainstorm ideas on how the public can gain a better understanding and use out of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-14 02:29:24
Bitcoin – The Cultural Movement
What if there is a lot more to bitcoin than meets the eye? What if the widespread use of bitcoin could lead to the greatest cultural movement ever recorded in history? What if it could end world hunger, redistribute wealth equally throughout the entire world, put banks and finances into the hands of everyone individually, created a currency that was only regulated by the people, and could create the biggest job increase and economy boost the entire world has ever seen? If 2+2=4, then bitcoin can do all of these and more.
Forget thinking about bitcoin as some new digital coin you can buy if your willing to risk everything. Bitcoin isn’t a coin. It is a math problem. Bitcoin was created by one of the brightest minds of the 21st century, and as anything new, especially these days, it is very hard to understand. Imagine that you have never heard of the Internet before, and someone is trying to explain it to you. It would almost be impossible to understand unless you really took the time to imagine something completely new and different. Taking the time to understand bitcoin will not only improve your individual life, it will improve everyone’s life around you, and make everything so much easier to understand.
I am just your basic 90’s kid who grew up Savannah, Georgia. To most people I’m a nobody. I don’t really have any great talents or anything really special that can help anyone, but I do have a passion to want to help people. The financial problems have been holding people back from fulfilling their true potential for far too long. A solution is here that is and will inevitably catch on. Help spread the news and educate yourself! Visit bitconfused.org for more info.
