@_author: steve_eisman
@_date: 2017-09-09 17:40:04
I'm not against cooperation, but from what I understand the EU is moving towards a federal state similar to the US. As stated before, I and many others do not want that.
Regarding your comment about 20k leaders, you are referring to conflict and war between states. I made a comment about exactly that to someone else. tl;dr: there is no reason to believe more and smaller states will lead to more frequent conflict, quite the opposite!
@_date: 2017-09-09 19:09:27


Humans were more violent in the past. It's more accurate to look at current and recent history. Is it the Singapore and Hong Kong's of the world at war or Russia and the US?
Another argument for smaller states is the fact that those in power will much more intimately experience the negative consequences of war. Thus incentivizing peace.


I agree with everything except the latter. What happens when the majority of the EU decides to aggress against one or few member states? What happens when EU layer gets corrupted? They will be sitting ducks.
I understand you want to avoid conflict and war, but I think over time and by giving citizens options, almost nobody will choose war.
@_date: 2017-09-09 15:32:18
Why would they be constantly at war? Besides, in the case of a war, being small is a positive. Less time, resources and lives are wasted.
Two states at war would incentivize those that disagree to leave and in my scenario there would be 19998 other states to choose from. Compare that to the opposite scenario: 1-5 giant states. The consequences would threaten the entire planet.
I have never checked the data, but I am willing to bet that there is a positive correlation between war and large size.
@_date: 2017-09-09 15:23:19


You can have these things without all the other negatives that the EU entails.


No, what you want is more individual freedom, which is achieved by smaller and local government.
Just like with crypto, we want decentralization and competition. I'd rather the world moved towards 20k smaller states than towards 1.
