@_author: steven81
@_date: 2018-01-18 00:26:44
Why though? Is mastercard protecting you from yourself? How is that not a small version of "father Stalin" looking out for your future?
Free economies my a$$
@_date: 2018-01-19 12:54:24
The actual fact of the situation is that it makes zero business sense to disallow the buying of any product that is not illegal.
This is protectionism of the worst order... If you want to call that a conspiracy theory be my guest. If I tax endlessly or disallow the selling/buying of the product *is* market protectionism in favour of its competitors. 
Maduro does that, if you find it open and free , be my guest.
@_date: 2018-01-25 21:20:32
After a misinformation campaign filled with stretching of the truth and straight lies that lasted for months. 
Democracy without informed consent does not work...
@_date: 2018-01-19 21:37:02
I didn't say that it is, I said it is one possibility, I am asking for more, you have not given me any.
Again, disallowing a good product begs for a reason. It is quite strange that it is in the same category as illegal drugs or tank turrets (you can't buy those using mastercard either).
@_date: 2018-01-21 14:36:31
It is my business if I suspect institutional interference. Like I said, disallowing a profitable product that is actually legal is fishy... I -as an invindual- do not have the means to open an investigation but if more people see my point then an investigation can be demanded/won.
 Things are not as simple as "if you can't prove corruption STFU", typically suspicion of it can move forces to actually unearth whatever is (or isn't) underneath.
All I said is that it is suspicious, obviously I can't know what is definitely going on; my experience with businesses tells me that such a behavior often hides an ulterior motive. It may be as simple as "mastercard is cooking a competitive product" or as complex as corruption on multiple levels... who knows? And we will never know if we just go with the flow...
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:28:15
If the private company is influenced by governmental forces indeed, it is the father Stalin of the lot.
 It makes no business sense to disallow debit cards from buying crypto unless you are in cahoots with the government ... hence my father Stalin comment.
@_date: 2018-01-18 03:04:38
"massive headache bitcoin represents for them"
It doesn't, hence my father Stalin hypothesis. 
There is nothing wrong with people throwing their money to the wind. 
Disallowing credit cards I can understand, debit cards? It's all father Stalin talk to me, the very opposite of a free market.
@_date: 2019-07-27 16:58:49
If you continuously devalue at some point you have to stop importing because everything else just became that much more expensive to you. You get Weimar Republic part deux. No! Devaluations do not work in the long term, it is mostly why the Austrian school and/or similar economics much prefer something fixed to back all currencies (gold in the older times, BTC now).
Devaluation of your currency can work if one is in need of no imports which is ridiculous. Autarky is not a real thing, there would always be someone else doing something that you don't. Devaluation, negative interest rates and incessant printing can only work in the short term. Live through the winter watch everybody else short circuit and eventually rise victorious, it is basically a buibble that they pump which will eventually pop. 
Any gains they make are short term. Seeing US being dragged in those wars shows to me that they are not secure to their system (free/open trade) and/or their produce and *that* should bother Americans above all..
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:23:39
If they have a similar way to describe continental Asians, then yeah, probably.
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:11:49
Mc Donald's doesn't sell pasta because it expects not to make money by doing so. It certainly does/did not disallow the selling of a certain product abruptly and without reason, especially one of rising popularity.
Again, you should give me a good reason that it makes economical sense to disallow the buying of a product (via debit) that is of rising popularity.
Unless you give me one, I'm well within my rights to expect MasterCard to be compensated otherwise, it's not a conspiracy, that's how companies work, I've been in one. You never discontinue a well selling product unless you have an alternative source of income to compensate for it.
The only alternative I can think of is the long term. I.e. they deem bitcoin as a competitor to themselves even, in which case they try to save future earnings by losing some present ones ... I can honestly see no other reason .
Else it *is* protectionism of institutionalized forms of investment.
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:04:45
There is nothing to resist, it is all in your mind. I am trying desperately to make you look human and have a conversation. Having the last word does not interest me, read the rest you lazy buffoon.
@_date: 2019-07-15 17:04:55
I am reporting how things are, I am not playing any game because I don't have to, I am mostly looking from afar.
Having said that I just described you one period where established alts outperformed BTC in the short term, **that has nothing to say about their long term efficacy**, it does say a lot though that the market is irrational and the idea that someone has figured out the market and is telling us what will happen next , I find laughable, especially given how oppositely things often play out.
Having said that I am not talking volume but rather price performance. Back in 2013 I made some extra Satoshis because I gambled in alts that nobody heard about ( and I am not even sure if they are around), in 2017 it happened even more, early 2019 it happened again, another such period that I recall is actually late 2014 deep in the bear market. It happens a lot, at least once a year, if you've been long in the market as I have been you would had seen it too. I am not talking about BTC dominance either (which can be easily manipulated) but rather top alts price performance vs Bitcoin's...
@_date: 2019-07-27 12:44:44
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:55:01
I don't namecall nor am I emotional, I dispute your claim. Very mature to block instead of conversing. G' bye.
@_date: 2019-07-27 10:15:20
Lol at US's Byzantine laws against Cryptos. Here's one way to kill something that the lay public doesn't know much about , you regulate it to sh*t. 
The mere cost of the accountant you need to have everything in order is enough to turn away any meager profit you may have had by trading Cryptos. They're unofficially illegal in the US, in practice, and the public doesn't even know, great representative democracy you have there, anything that may harm the public is voted in...
@_date: 2019-07-09 12:18:27
Nah, the pedantry came later in life, at least for me.
You keep calling two paragraphs responses "essays", I would assume high school education, " gut feelings" and the whole shebang.
Anyway I am not gathering your point. You seem to have stylistic annoyances, but if that was the case why do you bother responding still?
Lastly trying to make a conversation is not wishing to have the last word. I very frequently allow the other to have the last word, but he/she has to conclude. You're keeping me on the edge of my seat here, I am desperately trying to make sense of what you are trying to do. You are a curious kind of creature.
@_date: 2019-07-06 20:04:51
Isolationism, it always worked...
Truth of the matter is that economies work better the bigger their scale as long as they have acquired a semblance of stability.
Hopefully all regional currencies will die, but in the event that you use GBP as a placeholder for British economy... Lol, no. As long as EU remains stable and it looks like it will for at least one more century (it is way more stable than other empires of the past) , Britain will have the same fate as any small countries living in the edge of a giant empire, it will become a protectorate. So basically part of EU for all intends and purposes but not capable of directly affecting its function.
As unfortunate as the EU structure may be, the only pragmatic course of action is trying to change it from inside. All empires thrive or die due to inside reasons... Else will be *forced* to deal with EU in unfavorable way most often than not.
@_date: 2018-01-19 00:31:54
They do not seem very free if they act against their best interest. Are you a free man if I put a bomb in your jacket and then tell you to  live your day?
There is zero business sense to disallow debits from buying crypto, zero... It does not seem like a decision taken freely (i.e. not under regulatory stress)
@_date: 2019-07-04 15:17:59
Less important too. I am part of the academy. Nobody achieved anything with expressing their opinions succinctly. Read a paper, then delve into actual research. The opposite is true, the more analytical something is the more bases it covers, the more enlightening it is.
Twitter is cancer, I don't touch it. Apes grunting to each other, I doubt any of them achieved anything of importance there. Most prolific researchers and industry leaders that I happen to know don't use twitter. I don't care for vanity points either, all I care is to be as enlightening as possible. 
My way works, I have seen it work, how about your vanity points? Do they achieve anything?
@_date: 2019-07-02 07:50:39
Depends on how many transactions are batched in some of those transactions. Say one pays 3 mBTC fee to be transmitted over the network, however there are 3000 transactions batched in that one, meaning that each user paid around 1c on average for fees, which is pretty competitive.
Ofc the dream is that the Bitcoin blockchain would be the final settlement layer and each transaction would represents thousands or even millions individual ones, in that case even high fees per transaction would negligible for end users. Say Bitcoin has finally reached the lauded $1M , and each transaction is 10mBTC to be transmitted of very the network. That's 10 grand (of $) per transaction divided by 10 million (say) individual transactions ... solo the actual fee would be 0.1c . Far cheaper to anything that is as fast or secure...
@_date: 2019-07-29 12:00:35
Fixing interest rates is central planning of the economy. It is very much like fixing the price of bread in the Soviet Union, it leads to similar results sooner rather than later too...
@_date: 2019-07-27 16:00:42
US congress does who is voted in by the American people. If they don't anymore , change the system, you are the multitude...
@_date: 2019-07-15 17:08:59
Which is why talk of periods ("seasons") and not long term performance which I precisely talked away from...
@_date: 2019-07-15 12:16:12
No because you were nowhere to be found when LTC was doing 5x all the while BTC was sleeping (at the time). Because just before that to happen your ilk was *again* calling for alts going zero. Literally days before LTC went parabolic.
I called you a bot because you do something predictable that this sub is doing for years. Every time the alts fall they call for their end and when they outperform Bitcoin ... silence. While in reality "investors" (gamblers in fact) allocate their funds in waves, or -rather- seasons. There are times that Bitcoin gains more (or loses less) and others that alts do the same. Yet you are dead set to ignore the second and only report the first.
I am not talking about the long term but rather the near term that your lot seems to be occupied the most... I mean , look, I am down voted for literally calling what happened for 9 years straight. *That* is bot behavior: "having your instructions, execute them"
@_date: 2019-07-27 10:20:42
Not if you hate globalism and open markets like it seems the majority (who voted Trump) do. IMO the US presidency does exactly what it promised, strife, balkanization, protectionism. Basically 19th century economics the very same that lead to WW I ... But hey! This time it may work, open markets are evil, anything that leads to World Wars is fine... It is like suffering a cold and drinking mercury to straighten you up...
@_date: 2019-07-28 21:38:54
There is not much to get. All money is fake money. BTC merely invented a way to transact it truststlessly and without cease, I.e. w/t mediator who creates inefficiencies. Long term it will save us from centrally planned economies which would be viewed as stupid, inefficient and self destructive as central governments (say, absolute monarchies) are eventually come to be thought as.
It is not an one step procedure but it will come about as long as politicians continue pumping their own version of fake moneys (national currencies).
In short, it's one more efficiency that came about in the digital era. What the Internet was to communications, Bitcoin (or similar) is to money (which remember is always fake, read a bit about fiat currencies, I.e. currencies backed by thin air)...
@_date: 2019-07-28 10:05:37
If you lose you can deduct your loses from any other tax that you may have to pay in that year. If you don't have to pay any significant tax (hat year), then yeah "your loss, your fault".
Funny thing is that **the American people through their representatives voted that**. Goddamn is democracy toxic when there is no true representation...
@_date: 2019-07-06 20:49:58
I mean how can you not take seriously the one who is saying that things tend to continue in the course they have already set?
In markets, in politics ... In history that is the one staying truism. Things change only slowly and very rarely abruptly.
You are just predicting an abrupt change. I am not saying that it won't happen, what I am saying is that you probably not a big fan of history. That is not how things happen. For example the Brexit even was a shock despite UK never being sold in the project for 50 years now... even *that* was a shock when it happened...
Generally Empires last 1-3 centuries. A characteristically short lived one was the Soviet Union and even that lived for 70 odd years. You are now predicting the dissolution of EU after a mere 30-60 years (depending which date you choose as its start)? Are you insane or an ideologue ?
@_date: 2019-07-15 07:48:45
It's BTC season. Like bots you always say the same thing again and again every time when we peak Bitcoin season. It's possibly a signal to buy alts (I.e when you think they are dying is when they do a 200% or more).
@_date: 2019-07-16 18:14:29
My original claim was that we were in BTC season then slapped you with the charts that show *exactly* that. If you found that wanting then you have to learn to read charts. It is not an insult to call someone headstrong when no amount t of evidence can move him/her.
In other words stay in yo lane, I'm prolly longer in this market than most of this sub...
@_date: 2019-07-29 11:33:39
Still very much unlike bitcoin.
Friedman like most free market advocates was very much against central planning of the economies. It is very much what his Chicago boys tried to implement in Chile and lo and behold for all the horrors of the Pinochet's regime it is the one thing that still holds (and is reused by the following administrations) a hands off approach to the economy.
I can find you quite many videos even where Friedman calls for the abolition of the FED for example...
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:25:03
No, I am not a Brit if that is what you are implying. Also those are not my opinions, it is how WW II can be viewed by some people.
If I was a Brit watching the whole continent supplying the German Army to conquer me, then yeah I would feel that I am at war with (continental) Europe.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:52:19
Very "smart" to refute someone who uses numbers off the top of his head. You want hard numbers, huh? That won't be pretty:
Exhibit A: 
I measure 6 peaks in the BTC chart, I.e. 6 different periods where Litecoin outperformed BTC with last one starting in Dec and peaking in Apr and then peaking Again in June
"ThEre Is nO AlT sEaSon"
Exhibit B: BCH
Bottoming against BTC in Dec 19, peaking in Apr and is now completing a new bottom
"No aLT seAsOn"
...we can go on for days.
Goddamn some of you are aliens or something. Can't even read charts on your own, you need someone to give you the links.
This market is moving between alt and BTC season since 2013 at least. The patern of pump and dump **against Bitcoin** happens in ALL alts, because pump and dump schemes are a great way to make money in an unregulated market.
If you notice the pump happens after a long period of dumping where the volume is low (and therefore cheap to pump). Then fools start buying thinking the pump will continue, but in fact the very same guys who were buying during the previous dump , especially towards the bottom are now dumping on fools until a new bottoming pattern emerges. When it does  *bam* new pump, new alt season.
It is the nature of the game rookie. It is how you make money in such unregulated markets. So save me with "there are no seasons". There are always seasons, in all unregulated markets in fact.
@_date: 2019-07-29 08:43:27
Bancor is a unit of account. Bitcoin is an asset, you can mine it , "hold" it, store it. Don't know where you found the similarities.
Friedman hated central banks, he wanted them abolished, it was one of his main theses. Have you ever read him, or are you of those people that never read?
He is wrong in many things, but that was one thing he was right about, centrally controlled economies end up resembling Soviets... (I.e. they don't work)
@_date: 2019-07-15 17:51:47
It is historically accurate though. At that point in time continental Europe fronted by Nazi Germany was invading both the UK and Russia. No wonder that both are a bit skeptical at the present time of any panEuropean coalition. Last time they faced such a structure ... It was not very friendly.
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:41:02
That is incorrect , there are quite many Brits that I personally know and associate with that did call WW II as the war against (Continental) Europeans. Sure they understood Germans as the head of the snake, but they never forgave how the rest were so easy to basically become collaborators. So I dispute your disputing of me. Maybe not in your circle of people, but certainly in other circles (continental) Europe was seen as soft and partly to blame for what eventually knocked the British isles as well.
After all Coventry was bombed to rubble not because of German actions alone, the casing of the bomb was maybe made in Poland, the bomb itself manufactured in Sweden, in a rather strange way the whole of Europe was participating in the killing of Brits, either by actively supplying the German army or by never being the resistance that Britain needed them to be.
Now those are facts, you can debate all you want what your circle of people say about the events but truth of the matter is that WWIi really did grow the distrust the UK had for the rest of Europe and IMO some of the seeds of anti-Europeanism that still exists in the UK started then (probably earlier too, but that is the most recent major example)...
@_date: 2019-07-11 15:36:17
As long as I can waste yours as well it is worth it. I put a lot of energy in using time from disagreeable people. It's greatly satisfying to bully bullies...
@_date: 2019-07-27 12:45:19
Then the answer to your question would always evade you...
@_date: 2019-07-27 11:06:54
If you had read my previous responses you would know.
@_date: 2019-07-27 16:43:52
They didn't, let them devalue forever, we are basically using their populace to get things near free and once they start rising prices we move elsewhere. I never understood how is China building things for free for the rest of the world is a bad thing. It is not as if they drive innovation, most of anything new is invented elsewhere and is built there. Now their government basically use a lot of population as slaves by constantly devaluing their currency, or rather by keeping their salaries constant. I do not understand the alarmism. A similar one existed for Japan, they never overtook the world, in fact their market short-circuited.
If you **reaaally** want to compete with China you have to use slave labor; tarrifs won't work because they'll devalue enough to overrule your tarrifs. The market can already self-regulate those things, protectionism on the other hand can lead to a myriad of issues as the 19th century taught us. Why use a failed counter measure
@_date: 2019-07-01 07:39:58
No, that is the strong part of Bitcoin. What actually makes it money/ source of value instead of a transient digital property which would eventually be forgotten. Bitcoin would *certainly* not be replaced by softer money (I.e. those that are created in one go), it may be replaced by harder money though (those created in a truly decentralized manner, in a limited way much like Bitcoin's, in an expensive manner)...
@_date: 2019-07-28 09:58:21
As far as I can tell any trade you do in crypto is a taxable event. Every.single.one of.them.
So you swapped your ETH for BTC and then *bought* something with said BTC? Yep, two taxable events, **even when buying stuff** (that is the most fucked up part of it, they say it is not a currency because their tax laws prevented it to be. Self fulfilling prophecy much?)
Even a $2 profit (per your example) you have to record it and present it as a taxable event. Nothing is too little if the IRS takes whiff that you are hiding income from them. Basically they feel they own you because the freaking American people gave them the power to think that they should have a stake in *everything* you do.
@_date: 2019-07-20 15:00:53
I find it a disagreeable behavior to not respond to people who are directly telling me something. I am not of those "agree to disagree" types, it's a BS statement.
 I believe conversation is light and silence is darkness and whoever utilizes it an inherently dark individual... so bothering an inherently dark character is well worth my time.
@_date: 2019-07-06 21:24:46
I mean I don't care what your username is, a modicum of sense should be at least needed... Then again he may be trolling in which case I fell for it. Sad thing is that some people are indeed like that, thinking they have a grasp of history and knowing when the next collapse is going to happen ... And when it doesn't ... "Oh well, *next time* is the correct one" ...
@_date: 2019-07-12 16:10:40
Didn't say that you are bullying me. I implied that passive aggressive types like you are bullies. People who do not want to engage , don't. You obviously want to engage with me, you are still here...
@_date: 2019-07-03 19:47:03
Yet you still respond... 
Also you keep calling two-paragraph texts "essays". I worry about the education in your country. Whatever education system calls two-paragraph texts " essays" must necessarily produce some mighty losers. Can you cross the road without being ran over, or even that is too hard for you? I wonder
@_date: 2019-07-09 10:28:20
You are the one posting inanities, why should I help myself, you are the one with the kindergarten tactics ( "talk to the hand" and stuff).
Serious question: how old are you? Because if you are a teenager I apologize, it took years to get my act together as well.
@_date: 2019-07-09 16:23:59
So you did read to the last line. And no, trying to avoid conversation at all costs is the lazy path. You made a couple of statements , I challenged them and in wanting to keep with your belief system you diverted the conversation elsewhere, only you didn't expect me to follow there too.
Look, I don't mind people with a view like yours. Style can be important, but in terms of public discourse it should always be secondary. My issue is with the rise of populist public speech , exemplified by snark remarks and the twitter culture; it leaves no place for nuance . See what I am trying to tell you is important and in trying to keep with the silly rule you set from the get go you are going to pretend that you didn't read it.
Nothing can be solved outside discourse, not really, not in the long run.
@_date: 2019-07-15 16:13:25
BTC dominance is not a good metric. Scammy ICOs and similar bled profusely and continue bleeding. Established alts in the meanwhile had outperformed BTC. BCH from a $80 bottom to almost $500, Ltc from $22 to $130, ETH from $80 to almost $400.
What I am saying is hardly controversial it is just ... Numbers. Those who bury me have sth wrong going in their head because you just can't argue with history (I.e. how things happened)
@_date: 2019-07-01 16:03:47
Is it a mining node on top of being a full node? 
Then no, of doesn't help the network. Do most people here know how the Bitcoin network works or most of their opinions are based on hearsay?
Not that a laptop can run a mining node in any meaningful manner, but yeah, it would be great if Bitcoin could indeed be fully operated by public participation. So whatever the above post thinks that a running full node does to the network, is what we *actually* want/need public participation to be able to do.
Of course that would require going from sha256 to some truly randomized hashing algorithm like adaptive CN or RandomX, which requires a hard fork, which is *exactly* the kind of thing this community would never do (IMO the only case where a hard fork would truly mean something, bring validation back to the people)... sooo, whatever.
@_date: 2019-07-27 16:02:11
Don't care about it. Making a conversation interests me much more than that, and if that fails bothering you is the second best I can do ('cause apparently having the last word seems so very important to you)...
@_date: 2019-07-27 15:59:24
Let them devalue their currencies to obscurity in the end none will accept those, what I do not understand is why should US be dragged to such stupid wars. You are supposededly the technical capital of the world, the only thing that people really want is new things, not currencies, so as long as US is producing things that others can't (especially in the software business) there would always be demand.
The real battle is to actually be making better products, not to protect your inferior ones (if such exist). That is my issue with rampant protectionism. Nobody else is closing the financial boarders as much as US do/did...
@_date: 2019-07-27 11:31:22
Maybe, but Trump is very overt about what he is doing. At least the ones before him paid *some* homage to free markets. Trump is all out 19th century economics on us. All we need is a Charles Dickens novel to describe the situation and we are completely back to the 19th century, as if a day has not passed.
I worry that for all the papers that ever been written and how supposededly more modern the field of economics has become how we always revert to failed models. It's as if that particular discipline never moves forwards. I mean in (astro) physics we can discern goddamn planets light years away from us, at this point, yet in economics we still have full on protectionism as if we live in the Feudal lands of King Luis the XV for crying out loud...
@_date: 2019-07-15 16:16:22
They don't need to bring value. Or are you denying that it is still a gambler's market. LTC went from $22 to $130 at the same time that BTC went from $3k to $9k. There are clear periods that established alts perform better than BTC, we call those seasons "alt season" and others were the opposite happens. My point was and is that this sub is silent during the alt seasons and extremely vocal in the BTC season and at some point it gets tiring. 
You don't need to be neutral to admit the truth and the truth is what is historically true, I.e what I described above...
@_date: 2019-07-29 11:35:02
I'm in my 40s, I have long abandoned trying to prove things to anyone. But sure as hell enjoy so much more to bully bullies...
@_date: 2019-07-27 20:19:00
Except that is not what I wrote. I did imply that the guy hate us though (and generally Bitcoin), he is basically a bureaucrat, like Putin, like Maduro, like any other politician out there. Mechanisms like Bitcoin would hopefully automate them out of the picture. 
And BTW he's not that far worse than other American politicians of the past. They are all power hungry and short sighted, the sooner we find ways to not need them the better...
@_date: 2019-07-17 21:59:12
Lol, Bakkt...
@_date: 2019-07-06 20:11:07
Euro or no euro, Greece's government and governing agencies were operating at a loss since early 70s... If anything the cheap loans that the EU gave to Greece in early 00s merely pushed the inevitable into 2010s...
Greece's economy from 1980s on was incredibly bad. No real growth , incredibly lagging in technocratic means, corruption similar to eastern bloc countries. If anything the Euro was a blessing to them, let them pretend that they had a place in the EU to begin with and gives them (now) the chance for reforms that may turn them into an actually working economy/country for the first time in the last 4 decades or so (pending taxation reforms).
If they were let in their own devices they wouldn't be much different than their balkan brethren. As bad things may be now, imagine them being so bad for 5 decades straight, basically what Albania or Macedonia faced...
@_date: 2019-07-26 15:31:55
For as long as you do, I'll automate my responses too.
@_date: 2019-07-15 20:55:32
Brits often mean "continental Europeans" when referring to Europeans, it differentiates them from them.
So in *that* sense he was accurate... But yeah, in general Europe was the theater of many ... Inter-European wars. Similar people killing each other because ... Reasons.
@_date: 2019-07-15 12:20:33
Long run maybe, near term? Absolutely not, if I start hearing voices that alts are dying I am *strongly* thinking of buying some, just because the mass is most often than not deluded in calling the market. If anything the markets do the opposite than what the mass thinks. So the mass believe that alts go to zero? Yeah, parabolic run for some time... They go all in to alts? BTC is outperforming them all.
It is literally how it happened. From December to Early May it was alt season, we are now peak BTC season, alts will return later in the year...
@_date: 2019-07-15 16:09:38
LTC literally went from $22 to $130 in the same period that Bitcoin went from $3k to $9k
So yeah, not quite nothing, but nowhere near to LTC's performance and that's just facts.
And I am not saying that one should buy alts for the long term, merely that in the short term they can be quite more performant
@_date: 2019-07-16 07:04:02
Reporting what people have told me? Nah. I am educating you with opinions that exist in the world, it is better to listen than bury your head in the sand.
@_date: 2019-07-15 10:57:51
My point was not to say that I will buy alts. My point was to say that people here are morons. Pretty much the opposite of what they call happens. So they said alts are dying? They are prolly going to go 200% from here on out. This sub is consistently wrong in price calls.
@_date: 2019-07-29 22:12:46
You're putting words in my mouth. You sound like a tool, but I'll play your little game. Fixing interest rates, for example to negative when literally everything appreciates in value means that you're indirectly devalue the worth of stored work we call savings. 
You are basically penalizing people for not consuming their wealth the minute they produce it. The problem with such an incentive system is that you lead people into making rush investments that actually do not benefit their lives and/or indeed (don't) make economies/societies more efficient. Say buying a second OLED TV, because keeping your money to the bank is either going to be taxed (property tax in certain European states) or be devalued in more direct ways (negative interest rates, quite literally).
While I do understand that there must be some money velocity as the moving of wealth can *actually* create more wealth, doing so in such a rush manner can lead to a catastrophe when whatever investments people made go bust due to some crisis or another. It has the aroma of the Weimar republic and that's certainly not where markets would had lead us. This is central planning all the way.
Now you talk of international trade, on which level, I dunno, it may work, but on the more immediate and local level of people's lives it doesn't work. Never did, never will. Basically why Friedman and Co was against any such forms of central planning. Those systems are too complicated for any central planner to be capable of actually controlling them efficiently. You have to have a mechanism, if not the market, certainly some form of AI, and certainly NOT some eggheads in some central bank somewhere. 
The point is not international trade, the point is to not penalize work by devaluing people's saving, all you will end up with is (eventually) nobody's working. Obviously money does not grow on trees, it is stored time that was used productively, or rather it ends up to be... If you give disincentives for that , you are literally cutting the tree you stand on... Oh well.
@_date: 2019-07-06 14:25:51
It's smart, you never invest based on price on those speculatory assets, you invest based on sentiment. Negative interest rates, risk of war/instability, the start of a new 4-year cycle, all stars aligned to get from $3200 to $13800. You couldn't be cognizant of those facts before they were even to happen. What if the interest rates were to go up? What if we had greater stability?
Buying at $4k in the way down is far stupider than buying at $10k in the way up because *at the time* you have no idea where the fall will stop (if you had bought at $4k), all the while buying at $10k after a bottoming pattern has completed and signs that a new cycle has begun makes much more sense. Sure you won't make aw much money as if you had bought at $3k, but it makes much much more sense to do so, way less risky move.
@_date: 2019-07-16 07:08:04
Well, people from Yorkshire and some other places I know beg to differ. They don't call it "against Europeans" but they do hold accountable a lot of Europe. 
You may not, good for you, many Brits do, or rather still do, in case you have not took hint of it, the UK largely does see itself apart from continental Europe, according to them the war is/was one of the reasons.
@_date: 2018-09-04 14:14:09
As did I (not only why but also how AA is wrong).
Bitcoin is agnostic to uses, any way that it can be used it is the right way. Issues start when/if someone tries to affront the network. As long the network operates well Bitcoin goes well as well, regardless of the uses it finds in the real world. This is for the market to choose, not people.
There is nothing objective in saying that ETF is (basically) not a valid use case for bitcoin. It is an opinion and a badly supported one at that.
@_date: 2018-09-17 09:06:51
2008 was in fact the tail end of a bad situation that started in 1999.
Basically the whole 2000s decade was a giant recession. If you adjust for inflation it's clearly visible in all/most markets.
It's very similar to the 1970s in the way it played out. It started with a crash, it ended with a crash.
We're due for another crash. Crashes are often corrective in nature and the bull in most of the western markets would most possibly continue. At least historically speaking Morgan Stanley is correct, we're too close to the last recession.
On the other hand if you are proven to be correct ... US is going down, we basically get a back-to-back recession. Very rare for an empire to go down after just 70-80 years. Let's see if you're correct.
**edit:** Inflation adjusted S&amp;P 500 that backs my point, 
@_date: 2018-09-17 08:11:13
Yeah, certainly a coincidence to know a guy being named Satoshi Nakamoto living a few blocks down.
Probably a coincidence too that you give up on the project once your ALS gets too severe to even type.
A coincidence that you happen to be one of the two people that actually interacted with the blockchain in the first few weeks.
Another coincidence too is that you responded to some guy in 2006 telling him that you'd aid him with his "bitgold" idea.
IMO way too many coincidences to be plausible that Finney was not at least part of the team. Not that it matters too much at this point, but we're being willfully obtuse -I think- as a community in this matter. We proooobably know who SN were ... and it doesn't matter. 
@_date: 2018-09-14 06:51:30
Inflation adjusted S&amp;P 500 tells us that multi year recessions (I.e. ones where the value of assets does not achieve the same highs for years and years) are extremely rare events and in fact only happened twice post WWII: 
Last one such period ended in 09-10 and this fool is predicting a new one being around the corner? Not saying that the symmetry won't be broken and eventually we'd get two multi year recessions in a row. I am mostly saying that this typically happens during wars or during the period that an empire falls.
If we get a back to back recession this guy is basically predicting that US would fail for basically no reason at all (it is still by far the economic center of the world, at least where new ideas/innovation is concerned).
I mean it may happen, but he takes an extremely improbable position... And he knows it. So he either tries to manipulate the market, or really is that clueless. I suggest the former is more probable.
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:31:53
Whatever you call it , you don't spend it if you also hold an inflationary asset in hand. Simple as that. It's just bad economics to use hard assets.
If you go full bitcoin, by all means. But most people are still being paid in an inflationary asset that yearly loses at least 2% of its value (depending on the country you leave). You spend *that*
@_date: 2018-09-23 07:53:01
We are basically running an experiment. China's success w Total control is tempting the West to follow.
IMO it's a ponzi scheme. It only works because they have total control of the currency flow. Once they would stop, or it would stop working the whole house of cards will come doubling down.
IMO it's stupid that the west is following China's example to the extend that they do. They are Soviet empire + ... and they will collapse like the Soviets did . A society where disruptive innovation is frowned up and centrally controlled does not survive long term. 
China would then join the rest of the world, but due to the stupid experiment that they are running right now (artificially keeping the production costs down by basically creating debt) they would do with a delay. It would bite them in the a$$ and bring them a decade long recession. They will live their very own American 30s...
At least the West has crypto as a safe haven against the unbearable debt. A centrally controlled economy like China has nothing. They are literally playing w fire. Too many heads would roll over there. Some financially ignoramuses over there. Debt is and will never be an answer...
@_date: 2018-09-21 12:47:30
How am I freeing myself from Banksters by either drawing or following arbirtary lines on a chart?
I mean ... I can't even.
@_date: 2018-09-02 19:23:40
Heh, they'd be surprised.
The thing with money is that it can have properties that are exclusive to each other.
For example privacy may be useful for individuals but counterproductive for institutions (I.e. transactions between institutions better not be private).
Same with having a platform vs a pure cash-based system. I very much doubt that bitcoin would become the one coin to rule them all. Even if it is not replaced by anything else (I am at agnostic on this subject), it most certainly won't fulfill all possible use cases *because* there are drawbacks to them.
You'd simply use different tokens for different things. Even if the Bitcoin network becomes the primary settlement layer of the future , nothing stops the rest of the coins to have some specialized uses that a settlement layer is not suitable for.
To be sure most of the current ones will die long term. But that is different to say than saying that Bitcoin will outlive them all.
@_date: 2018-09-04 04:31:33


Exactly. The market would price those solutions out, which is why I find incomprehensible that people are against ETFs. If bitcoin is truly a way to not need those vehicles (and it is) people would stimply lose taste of them. 
Let those ETFs compete with Bitcoin's inherent security. It is an added expense that any fund manager slowly but surely would do without. I am not afraid of ETFs and if you understood the power of Bitcoin you wouldn't either.
AA is afraid of ETFs because they will accelerate the mainstream acceptance of Bitcoin and leave him out of a job. I can understand his worry. I don't understand the rest of the people's worry.
It's an ultra secure form of hard money that can be communicated through the Internet. Most economic vehicles cannot offer one thing that Bitcoin already doesn't offer better.
@_date: 2018-09-07 05:53:22
You have not explained which parts preclude a software solution.
You are the type of person who would say that trust cannot be automated before bitcoin, that it was "people's responsibility to vote well and fix transparecy issues by voting the right people in place"... Guess what, that was wrong. We now have fault tolerance to anything that can be tokenized, even if you " vote wrongly".
My team and I automated a part of software testing which for years was done manually because apparently developers needed to be more correct when coding.
Guess what, they didn't. It's not their job to account for any and all machines' inefficiencies. Their jobs is to build solutions and a third party tool to be telling them where they f'd up. We actually made programming that much faster in a narrow field. Sure we didn't solve all the world' problems (around coding or software testing) , not even close, but also we weren't the ones holding our d*ck being holier than thou calling programmers lazy bitches that are stupid to not be coding closer to metal (which is inefficient on in itself but I digress)...
I bet you everything I have, I *bet* you that this is a software issue. Because most of everything is. It only becomes apparent when a problem becomes monetized and actually creative people start working on it (exactly what ETFs would do by adding an inefficiency to the system).
So maybe things are the exact opposite than you think. You know just enough to hang around, but can't see the big picture.
@_date: 2018-09-09 02:21:23
I didn't try to predict the future.
All I said is that if we fall into recession now, so close to the last one , it would mean that US is losing it. Which would not be incorrect. All empires died after multiple economic crises coming one after another and inability to pay their dues.
@_date: 2018-09-12 03:03:18
Nah, just delusional.
The markets do not think of Bitcoin as an alternative to USD. That's a meme from within the cryptocommunities.
The markets see it as a much riskier variant of a valuable metal.
Now in times of crisis it may arise as an alternative to USD. But it's more possible that it won't. In a currency crisis, being seen as a risky asset, it would be one of the first that the investors would flee from and (probably) towards the traditionally less risky investments, like valuable metals.
Bitcoin has first to establish itself. So give it a decade more or less. If we have a major, worldwide currency crisis before that ... It is a toss up. Bitcoin most possibly dies along with many other things 
You should not ask for what you do not understand (how bad it would truly be).
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:03:32
I am not, all I am saying is that Europe was conquered at that time by Germany and Italy and them both had installed puppet leaders in those places. Continental Europe really did act as one contiguous country during the occupation. Sure in most places that period is referred as "occupation", but that is only the case because it was short lived, fact of the matter is that Hitler really did unite Europe for a short while (in a rather shaky way, but still)...
@_date: 2018-09-05 05:52:20
We are not taking about people here. We talk about funds. ETFs of the caliber that CBOE backs can only attract big investors.
Big investors are the type who try to save as much as possible, they try to be efficient. Sooner rather than later they would do away with inefficiencies.
My idea is there would be much greater demand for bitcoin ETFs than direct OTC bitcoin . In fact I clearly wrote that this is my idea, this is my basic idea, the premise that I base all my arguments on this topic. If you thought that I am saying the opposite then either I or you are doing doing something very wrong.
I also wrote what I re-explained above. Eventually those funds would cut out the middleman.
@_date: 2018-09-10 09:06:12
The Falling wedge is thought as a reversal pattern because it shows that the downwards pressure is losing steam, I.e. the sellers are selling less and less each passing month, eventually becoming overrun by buyers which creates an upheaval and eventually a reversal.
Then again , that is what happens to honest markets with healthy liquidity. Not one awash with wash trading, fake volume, and often singular players moving the market basically drawing whatever patterns they see fit...
So I honestly have no idea what you are talking about. Even if TA was applicable to Bitcoin the pattern would call for a reversal, given that bears are losing steam, but what is more probable is that the market is heavily manipulated, especially now that "the people" (TM) have exited and liquidity is provided by a few select players (probably as few as you can fit in a single room)...
Meaning that you are blazed and confused indeed...
@_date: 2018-09-01 16:54:38
US is a special case. I was talking about the world.
Income inequality was through the roof in late 20th early 21st century, then the wars happened, went down and surely enough it was going back up. But things are not yet as bad (to most of the world) as it is to US, relatively speaking.
US is the only 1st world country to be as inequal as 3rd world countries and a shame to 1st world countries (in that regard):
@_date: 2018-09-04 00:53:52
AA certainly likes to be a marginal figure.
ETFs are certainly harmful to him, not to bitcoin though. ETFs are a fine way to get Bitcoin to the mainstream economy and once it gets out there, being sound money , it will prevail. But first it has to get there.
 ETFs are a fine trojan horse to put Bitcoin under mainstream economics pressures...
@_date: 2018-09-01 09:10:56
Wealth divides were historically far greater. The two great wars made them smaller but surely we are back on track.
If Hayek was a man of letters and science he would know of the Pareto principle: things tend to become more of what they are unless there is a powerful external force to reset this (in case of the 20th century the two WWs and the downfall of imperial might).
In short rich will get richer, poor will get poorer, central black holes tend to become bigger solar systems tend to become smaller, etc. I.e. trends set to continue which is why no ideology tends to work. Ideologies set trends and trends co tinue unabated until they become an extreme versions of themselves undermining the very ideology that created them..  
@_date: 2018-09-16 12:14:14
You only say this because a good minority of them hasn't turned hostile. If they do ... *when* they do, you'd see the point of properly functioning mining apparatus.
Having said that as long as Bitcoin is in its "explosive growth" phase miners really do seem like employees chugging along new blocks.
Once Bitcoin finds a price and then a proper recession (after some time since it has found its price) I would like to see how the network would react to potentially hostile miners.
I mean it is a possibility that a time comes where attacking the network is more profitable than securing it. That is open a short position and then attack of course. I would very much like the network dealing with hostile miners. Then and only then would I be sure that the network is here for the long term. This rapidly advancing hashrate is a double edged sword. Those employees can f*ck you up one day. Then again the network may already have answers for that day... It would be interesting.
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:14:56
...also voting within the bitcoin network insofar that people are not going against their financial interests.
If someone wants to vote badly he can if he owns an incredible amount of full nodes that would cost him several millions. And then he can spend some more millions to create false blocks and later validate it with his nodes.
I mean it is possible to take over the bitcoin network if you own several billions and want to burn it, it's just incredibly stupid.
So yeah, piggybacking voting on some established block chain and organize it via some side chain would be a lot more secure than any other types of electronic voting. Obviously it can be taken over, but XKCD is wrong in implying that voting done via some side chain won't be at least somewhat secure (or rather quite more expensive to corrupt than is most kinds of current voting).
@_date: 2018-09-05 23:37:32
The reason that they'd use ETF is because an alternative does not exist on the Bitcoin's space.
Once a software that plays the role of an ETF holder shows up , it will eat ETFs launch. But first we have funds moving en masse to to BTC before the market is incentivized to build such a software.
It's an efficiency for the market that is barely needed now that mostly retail and/or people already familiar with BTC's security is using Bitcoin. Once you'd get more from the mass of people a need would suddenly arise to replace intermediaries via the use of a software.
I.e. a software that takes full capacity of Bitcoin's security but also is as user friendly/easy as buying/holding ETFs (much less of the public/privatekey drama, etc)
I don't know how that software would be (obv, if I knew I would had built it and become rich overnight), I just know that the market would create an incentive for it to be built and once an incentive (of many billions) exists something is eventually built.
We absolutely need such a software. We won't get there without ETFs pressuring the market to build it. Simple as that. Again, AA seem to not get the fact that markets are dynamic.
@_date: 2018-09-06 00:29:42
It is not irrelevant. It is a contrarian indicator. I always use it to gauge whether we are still in a bear market.
Due to a tweak of fate it historically showed how weak Bitcoin is compared to its true competitors (USD, gold, pound, etc). So the more it rises, generally it means, that the weaker it gets. People here are often acting like freaking m*rons. They cheer signals of weakness.
@_date: 2018-09-03 23:42:06
IMO it would be extraordinary.
I discount the early 2013 dip as (being) a crash, at no point did we have the 50 Day SMA being lower than the 200 Day SMA at that period. Meaning that the uptrend remained intact.
On the other hand when the uptrend turned into a downtrend (2011 and 2014) we hard to wait more than 1.5 year to see a new ATH. So we have to wait until mid 2019 at the minimum , I mean as long as past performance is indicative.
Of course this crash may be more transient than the other two. In case that it is, then yeah, we may see an uptrend forming in 2018 already. It's just untypical for an uptrend to be forming so soon. Just last year we were in a long term bull still. Things have to cool off before another bull starts. 
IMO 2019 is a more probable year for an uptrend to start. If we are in one already I would be VERY surprised.
@_date: 2018-09-07 06:18:27
You basically do (say those things) in regards of personal responsibility.
If trust can be partly automated , personal responsibility (in part) can as well. To me bitcoin ETFs is the mechanism which would incentivize such a thing to happen faster, as much as the banking crisis of 2008 was what incentivized SN to release the code he was probably working on (in one way or another) for years.
We can use "negative" events as a fuel to automate the world further. As long as something is not negative enough to destroy the world but negative enough to spite us... It is actually a positive in my book. Because we live in the era of rapid automation (of everything).
Bitcoin ETFs are clearly adding an inefficiency in the system which IMO ends up being a positive in the long run.
@_date: 2018-09-13 08:04:15


Decentralized blockchains are very efficient at creating trust. They are inneficent in storing big data which is irrelevant in many use cases.


Exceptionally incentive compatible. Instead of paying a 3rd party you buy the token. Every time that you do you effectively pay those who secure the block chain.
Obviously you still have to pay something. But it is probably less than paying a 3rd party but most importantly they provide a better service (more secure, public, inalienable without your expressed consent / private key)
@_date: 2018-09-07 15:07:39
Ok, Bitcoins/satoshis that cost more can do more than bitcoins/satoshis that cost less. Is that clear enough for you?


Because its actual impact to the world (i.e. the thing that matters) also going down?


Obviously , given my analysis (and what happens in the real world) bitcoin price vs USD would go to near zero as well.
If Bitcoin's total market cap is less than a million USD (back when it had 100% dominance) it would be good for nothing. It would mean that people mostly abandoned it. It would be a terrible day.
@_date: 2018-09-26 21:13:08
In most of 2015 was "tamed" too. It signifies a loss of interest.
The only thing that will actually "tame" bitcoin long term pricing is if it finds its real world use and therefore its price. Until then it would be the wild wild west. Don't tell me that losing $1000 overnight (earlier this month) was a ... tame response
@_date: 2018-09-04 21:42:10
No I called him having a tone similar to prophets, I.e. bombastic. I also said that his style spites me.


Again, did you read my post? I clearly do, long term none would use ETFs , it's the revolution that bitcoin brings about. You don't *need* those intermediaries.
Those of us who read the white paper, understood the tech and used it , we know it so we don't have to go through the ETF route to know that it is mostly useless.
But others do not have the benefit of our prior knowledge. Meaning that they have to go through that route first, find that it is actually an inefficiency, a relic of the older system and scrap it.
Yes! I want Bitcoin to *compete* against traditional investment vehicles so that it may be proved a winner.
You and Andreas don't (for some incomprehensible reason). Do you fear that bitcoin would lose over that old tech? Do you fear it would be taken over by irrational people that love inefficiencies? Or maybe you have no idea who those people are and how they think?
Because I do, and they would be the first to shed off the 3rd party that is getting between them and their bitcoin. Sooner rather than later.
I'm *all* for it because it will prove how powerful bitcoin actually can be (unlike gold as value, which is , literally, a 6000 year old invention; which did succumb partly to the pressure that ETFs brought to its market)
@_date: 2018-09-06 01:54:20


Again you do not seem to understand what I'm talking about. I've made the connection to DNS servers to help you do, but you are so far lost into your world that you do not seem to have taken heed again.
eMail would had never taken off without human-useful addresses, the web wouldn't without DNS.
Bitcoin is software and like all software it needs to become user friendly from *a security standpoint*. At this point owning bitcoin is not an exercise on personal responsibility, it's an exercise of (having) technical knowledge. As long as that does not change you'd need intermediaries to offer that for you.
I have an engineering training too, unlike you -more than a decade ago- I have snapped out of the phase "oh I learnt all this sh*t so should everyone else", no they shouldn't. The point of software is to exist to aid humans, not the other way around. You're confused.
@_date: 2018-09-08 05:05:56
The basest use case for Bitcoin RN is (as an) investment.
ETFs are one of the most prominent vehicles of investing in an asset. The community being against them, means that it does not get what Bticoin can be or where it can go.
It's not about getting institutional investors, it is about getting use cases that you scarcely had in the past. At this point Bitcoin does not look like a currency. It is relatively illiquid, it is harder money than fiat, no decent second layer solutions yet. 
But it does look like an investment opportunity, but as long as you do not have mainstay vehicles towards it you are going to get less of it. It is simple as that.
Another thing that I noticed is that the Bitcoin community is very fearful of the "elites". *You* are future's elite, but if you keep on being fearful to current elites, you'd never win them on their own game. 
Obviously ETFs should be accepted. Bitcoin is hard money, even compared to gold. Sooner than later it will eat every other asset up and given that it is production is controlled by consensus and not assets (very much unlike PoS coins) you are sure to never lose control of it (basically what makes " you" future's elite).
It is like a disease. If it spreads in their rosy asses, they will start dropping like flies. But you *have to* convince them that it is their kind of asset. Rome can only fall from the inside...
@_date: 2018-09-04 19:57:16
Yeah, I understood that that's your opinion. I can also understand that it is possible to manipulate charts in a way to show any point one wants.
In your case you want to show that we are going to 100k in 200 days from now. That's fine, that's great actually because it gives you a set point that will prove you wrong.
All I'm saying it the overwhelming probability is that you *will* be proven wrong and insofar that you take some fools with you (I.e. someone invests based on the above chart) it would not be that good.
Charts are excellent at telling you past performance, but the future is fundamentally different than the future when complex systems (like humans) are involved .
 Which is why Physics (for example) can make such accurate "predictions" for the past (low information entropy) but would be proven to absolutely suck in its predictions for the future (information entropy goes up over time, making the universe less and less predictable, we -the creation of an inventive species out of what is basically carbon compounds- are part of that information entropy increase)...
@_date: 2018-09-04 04:56:47
Nah, I heard you and I disagreed. That is not at all what is going to happen. We are not getting a repeat of Gold. Bitcoin is fundamentally different than gold in the sense that intermediaries are a needless expense, especially as software solutions on bitcoin security are becoming more and more top notch.
@_date: 2018-09-15 13:16:34
It was the futures' speculation what made the last leg possible.
The futures were finalized around August, made a peak then (which was proven non sustainable due to the China FUD) and finally reached the ATH inside the week that futures went live.
Once the futures were live peops started selling the news.
It's incredible that people are now denying what was common knowledge last year.
Without ETFs it will take time, probably years to reach 100k. If physically backed ETFs become accepted 100k is within grasp, seriously.
@_date: 2018-09-23 12:03:23
Because it is blockchains' way to transmit value or data. There is literally no other that is capable of those functions through the use of the block chain technology.
You cannot have a block chain without a token. Pretty much.
Then again many do merely because they want to scam people. But that is another issue altogether.
@_date: 2018-09-07 02:19:42
9 times out of 10 BTC dominance goes up in a bear market. I.e. when BTC is losing value towards USD, Diamonds, Gold, etc.
Therefore BTC Dominance up -&gt; its price (and therefore use cases) deflate compared to other valuable metals and and currencies. What a great occasion to celebrate! I refuse to, and so should you.
@_date: 2018-09-06 03:46:25
I made no assertion other than the fact that security should become more user friendly. You probably was not reading my posts from the get go.
Anything else I "said" are several ways that this may work (or not). If I knew the way I wouldn't had called it a hard problem that needs ETFs to push it to be solved. I would had simply developed the solution and become billionaire overnight. Isn't that obvious enough?
BTW there is nothing to support. I am clearly saying that I do not know the answer, how can I support the absence of something. All I am saying is that there is a solution even though unknown currently.
 A bit of how bitcoin for the most part solved the issue of needing an intermediary to store your funds securely. Software solved an issue that you would had called it a "cultural issue". In fact that is what truly powerful software solves, issues that would otherwise need work hours to be solved.
So bitcoin went halfway with actually securing your funds. Going all the way would be " doing it in a way that you wouldn't even need trusted 3rd parties to ensure that you use the software correctly". In other words to fix stupid, which is *exactly* what software solves for 70 years now.
Unless there is some hard natural limit (I doubt that there is) what you call " matter of culture" would become "matter of software".
For example it is a matter of personal responsibility whether you'd keep your room clean or not. If however there was an automated way to do it for you, most of everyone would keep their rooms clean. It's pretty much why we created automation in the first place. Not so that to do things the people can't do, but mostly to do things that most people refuse to do...
Like securing their privatekey for example.
@_date: 2018-09-19 02:22:46
Then again we know shit nothing about deep time.
At some point quantum effects interact with relativistic effects and f*ck things up. There is scarcely any unifying theory between the micro and the macro world , yet we need one especially as cosmic inflation would start severely impacting the micro world (atomic distances, etc).
Until we have a working theory that unifies the two, cosmologists try to shoot in the dark and pretend that they do science. It's pop science, it's garbage. We have absolutely no idea what the deep future holds, we cannot. The heat death of the universe, the big crunch, or whatever ... are all irrelevant as long as we lack a unifying theory of the "two worlds". It's garbage, we may as well be speculating how many angels can dance on the tip of a pin.
So yeah we have to worry about Bitcoin, because much like the future of the universe we have no idea how it will end up and eventually it may need us to give it a hand in one or the other direction.. 
@_date: 2018-09-13 16:31:53
No I am arguing the Austrian case. Soft assets are better to spend if you hold both hard and soft assets.
If you hold both (eventually) you'd end up with hard assets alone. If however your day job only ever pays you with soft assets it is those that you are going to spend.
This is the Austrian case (I.e. that societies tend to harder assets if no outside intervention exists).
Keynesians are probably believing something similar because evidently they push for soft assets as being mandatory.
I made no value judgement. I am agnostic on the subject. No long term study to show one way or another, just opinions.
@_date: 2018-09-03 22:43:28
It was in a bull run, now it isn't. It's so disingenuous to compare prices from a time that there was an upward bias to the price to a time that there is/was a downward pressure.
Believe it or not market theory tells you that buying at $2000 in 2017 was/is a better trade than buying at $1000 in 2013.
Because that $2000 came after a multi year organic growth while the later $1000 came in a few weeks' pump.
It tells you that if you had waited a bit you could buy a cheaper bitcoin (than buying it at $1000 in 2013), it tells you that if you had waited a bit (in 2017) you'd actually lose all chance to again buy such a cheap bitcoin.
Naked price tells you nothing. What precedes it tells you a lot more.
IMO we are at a juncture, from here on a bull market may start, but what is more probable that we are trading sideways or maybe we have another leg down. In such uncertainty it is silly to call bitcoin a good investment for the mid term. Sure it may be a good short term investment (if you like to gamble) and most certainly it is a good long term investment.
But given how uncertain the market is, just wait a bit and you cat get a cheaper bitcoin, or maybe a definite bull period starts and only then you can be secure that you bought your bitcoin at the relatively lowest you could buy it.
It's all about being efficient. And comparing two completely different markets (and time periods) is totally inefficient and misguiding. Please stop.
@_date: 2018-09-17 08:04:30
ALS is severely untreatable really. He did find money to cryopreserve himself though.
Also the money was not his. I clearly wrote that he was only part of the team.
@_date: 2018-09-13 17:12:28
It is also possible that they do not know what they are doing ... *exactly* what happened with half of the most successful projects in tech.
ETH may well be going down but it has attracted some great minds in the last two years or so (some of which I know personally) some of which may give it the chance to right the ship.
Do you think that Amazon started out as a company with a strong business plan that included AWS and replacing Walmart? No! The value of Amazon is that it was building as the storms were coming and somehow found ways to build in a functioning way.
In general there are two ways to build a project. (A) Know exactly what you want and build it and if the idea is revolutionary it will work (if you build it well).
(B) Throwing macaroni to the wall hoping that it will stick. That's ETH's way of doing things. If they fail I fully expect them to exit scam, if some of their ideas do work they would actually be a respectable alternative to bitcoin, a semi permissioned block chain that actually works.
In other words we live in a world that has visionaries (SN and the likes) as well as opportunists. Some of those opportunists actually work out and become enterprenual. It's a bit too early to call ETH a bust IMHO.
They have basically dug their own grave. If however they survive *that* you *have to* give them kudos. For all their boneheadedness they try things that no person in his right mind would and sometimes some of those long shots work. Maybe they do find a way that smart contacts are useful, maybe they manage to control their issuance in a manner that does not absolutely destroy their asset, maybe PoS is not as stupid of an idea as it sounds and partly works.
I mean I do not have much faith in the project, but they try suicidal things and somebody *has to*. That is basically my idea about most of the alts anyway. BTC is king and the rest are throwing pasta to the wall, some of it may stick. IMO they aid the space *even if* half of them exit scam. The whole industry reminds me very much of early Internet. Where scammers, entrepreneurs and visionaries were often the same person depending on the day you'd speak to them.
@_date: 2018-09-06 12:38:35
Or buy it at less than what you pay for electricity.
Mining is only good for those that are paying 0 or near 0 for electricity at this point. I mean ~50 EH/s. Holy hell!
@_date: 2018-09-18 16:26:16
Heh, ask to be buried with a keyboard by your side...
@_date: 2018-09-06 00:32:50
It's a contrarian indicator. It means that Bitcoin is getting weaker compared to its true competition (fiat money). You should be sad.
@_date: 2019-07-27 11:53:15
I mean they *are* free in some local small-time way. They can (and do) choose which pub they will frequent, but obviously the big things are decided by those with the most influence. That has always been so...
As for 2003, yeah I know about the currency wars. It is not the first nor the last time that the US invades to prop up the dollar. Still we didn't have such overt protectionism that we do now. If anything before they were in the process to opening up to more markets. With Trump we get what we used to (propping the dollar directly) + quite more (overtly banning products that they US products can't compete with. Full on Soviet that guy...
@_date: 2018-09-08 16:52:54
It would be huge news if this bull breaks in less than a decade this time. It would mean that US's post war power is eroding. Certainly not inconceivable , just less likely IMHO.
We didn't even got to the parabolic phase that the last two bulls had (mid 50s and late 90s). The inflation adjusted slope of those two is far steeper than anything we currently have. So not only would this bull market be less lengthy but also less spectular , despite coming in the back of a decade's worth of downtrend (the 00s).
Quite interesting indeed.
Extremely bad for bitcoin too. It will probably die in that event (it didn't had time to gain mainstream adoption and thus become a safe haven during those events). 
@_date: 2018-09-23 21:14:48
Machine learning is relatively new but hardly a game changer. It's merely one more piece of the puzzle.
Self learning and self improving mechanisms in the form of neural networks existed before. An order of magnitude slower and more primitive but they are there for at least 2 decades before DNN. I remember being taught of neural networks when I was still in uni (a long time ago).
Unlike Bitcoin and the solution it brought to double spending , AI is a much more complex problem that still has ways to go. IMO we are at the early days of an accelerated phase. Still, machine learning is very inefficient and very specific in uses it seems. I doubt that it alone would be as revolutionary as the solving of the Byzantine Generals' problem.
Intelligence is multi faceted and has more to do with memory than pattern recognition. I.e. the difference between short term and long term memory still elude us and without fixing it we won't go far with pattern recognition alone. The idea is that the differentiation happened in biological brains not due to some inherent bandwidth problem, in fact we have more than a handful of people that due to some genetic anomaly can pretty much remember everything and by everything I mean every little detail, just like our computers can , but that part seems to interfere with their capacity to be inventive.
It is possible that the capacity to forget selectively (I.e. *what* to forget) is equally if not more important than pattern recognition.
And lastly there is the issue of consciousness itself. It seems that advanced conscious states lead to superior problem solving than states of lower or no consciousness. And we have absolutely no idea what consciousness is to begin with. It most certainly isn't part of intelligence but rather an external phenomenon that interacts with intelligence. It seems to have more to do with timing (simultaneity) rather than processing, etc.
There is a whole slew of problems before we even begin dreaming of Strong AI and IMO we're decades if not centuries away from it. We just learned flight, but in fact higher intelligence is flying to another star. 
@_date: 2018-09-06 02:51:53


Wow I need a quote on this. Not even at my most drunk phase can even I imply this. What would make you think that anyone on this sub would imply such a thing? That's one of the basis of cryptography as I was studying it 20 years ago. The public key is derived from the private key but you need a quantum computer to go the other way around.
No what I said is that *security* should become more user friendly. For that to be achieved you need something similar to what DNS achieved with IP addresses. Name coin doesn't cut it because it is an alt coin. Basically anything that has a possibility to work, no matter how good of an idea has to be implemented to bitcoin. It is mostly useless to be implemented anywhere else, because bitcoin is the prime mover and naturally what takes all the focus.
Also you can't just copy what DNS did, you still have to have a relatively easy way to access your actual privatekey without anyone have even the possibility of knowing it.
The whole hardware wallet thing is a mess. It creates security at the expense of user friendliness. I am not implying that it is an easy problem (as lot was not to create a secure form of cryptographic money). I am saying that the adoptance of ETFs would add an inefficiency on the system which would *push* the system to create a better solution for security (I.e. the user friendly aspect of it).
@_date: 2018-09-18 09:35:40
Horizontal videos have long stopped being a problem once most people transitioned away from PCs. YouTube can play in both horizontal and landscape orientation no problem... Sometimes some people are stuck on their old ways and use weak arguments to explain their fixation. I call this "the old timer syndrome", a brain that refuses to allow neurogenesis and make an objective assessment of new things.
@_date: 2018-09-04 03:39:14
I understood Bitcoin and what can possibly bring before AA even knew of the concept. Then again that's an irrelevant point.
His style is that of a pseudo-prophet. He makes good points, but he's not being discreet at all which spites me. Bitcoin does not need much evangelizing its benefits are self-evident.
If more/most people understand the power of Bitcoin and/or indeed becomes part of their reality people like AA would become irrelevant... no wonder he hates ETFs so much.
ETF changes nothing of the nature of Bitcoin. It's still a trustless medium that some people think that they have to use intermediaries to invest in it. Let them. Once they understand what their investment is or can do they'll learn to hold bitcoin on their own. 
Like I said Bitcoin ETFs are clearly a trojan horse of Bitcoin into mainstream economy. It changes none of its character, if anything it highlights how it makes most traditional investing vehicles unnecessary. 
Once people understand what the Bitcoin network does they would be like "I'm paying you to do what? Open my apartment's automatic door? Get out of here" to intermediaries. Like I said, let them.
@_date: 2018-09-03 21:02:34
November is coming. Those inane posts would stop around that time. We would look back and conclude ... "Oops, bitcoin is down YoY". 
So they would simply not report on it. Just you wait. It is called (having a) selective memory.
@_date: 2018-09-25 10:49:40
Always wondered.
Who is ever going to use "gold" to buy food? Are we in a war or something?
In peace times hard currency (like Bitcoin) is used for storage. Not buying things. Soft money is so much worse to store value so getting rid of it makes sense. So if you own both bitcoin and fiat , obviously you are going to use fiat.
So is this for those (very) few people that are bitcoin only? Ballsy move.
@_date: 2018-09-13 11:55:10
Then the tech is not ready for the use cases that I have described. Private key security RN is in its absolute nadir. It has to do with the fact that many think that it has to do with personal responsibility (to keep your keys safe) in this space... It mostly doesn't. 
Once we have better ways to trustlessly securing your keys so that no common thief ... or cat can even in principle steal them away from you, then and only then would it make sense to put more things on the block chain. Else it is no better than what we already have (trusting in 3rd parties).
IMO private key security is as important as the network's security. First part of the problem has been mostly solved. Second one is still up for grabs.
You didn't shoot my idea down or anything, you merely didn't read my 3rd paragraph. So I quote it


@_date: 2018-09-12 07:26:21
Well you make/made a bet (i.e. that in a crisis BTC would arise as an alternative).
I made another bet (i.e. most possibly not right away, but eventually, very possibly, it will).
IMO instead of wishing catastrophe, for the time being, we should wish that Bitcoin would remain the least cetralized coin (developmentally speaking), because at this point in time it is what gives it value. I.e. the lack of a hard center which decides everything, and eventually even the supply (the fear is).
IMO if BTC lives another decade *as* a quite decentralized medium of exchange , then ,yeah, people would start prefer it as their form of hard money.
IMO we should give it time, not expect it right away to outlive a crisis. I honestly hope that a crisis is not around. Not because I do not think that a crisis is an inevitability under the current way of things (it is). Merely because I do not think that Bitcoin is strong enough to withstand ... yet.
Obviously the dream is that most of everything that affects our lives is decentralized and organic and not some guy in a weird hat deciding our fates one day because the previous night he had nightmares (or whatever). This -old- system should die sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2018-09-12 07:50:03
The only way it could ever die.
Lack of interest.
I'm talking of a worldwide currency crisis where -basically- what happens to Turkey and Iran happens even in 1st world countries.
IMO people would take their money from any new or soft asset and put them in traditionally strong forms. Like gold, or platinum, or silver.
Most of the more regular folk in fact would hardly have any savings. They would instantly spend it in goods in the hopes that they will make the day.
OP is wishing for what I regard a worst case scenario, which while possible is not very probable. But if it does happen, don't take me wrong it *is* a worst case scenario. We should expect the Internet even becoming something of a scarcity to many places, so obviously an internet bound mean of exchange won't do you much... etc.
Everything will be in darkness for some time. And Bitcoin can well die in darkness and by the time civilization is out and running again, something else may replace what Bitcoin was supposed to do (yet failed during the crisis).
IMO that's the strongest possibility if a crisis of that caliber happens in the semi immediate future. Instead of hyperbitcoinization , "Bitcoin dies in darkness"
@_date: 2018-09-07 05:37:11
So you cannot think of a mechanism that will solve this therefore there is none, genius.
That is *exactly* why we need ETFs. So that actually smart people would be incentivized to solve this inefficiency . Basically a custodian service adds an inefficiency to bitcoin investing and those investors would pay great amounts to anyone that would solve this.
ETFs monetize the solution of something that would otherwise need a cultural shift to be solved.
I was trained as an engineer to solve real world issues and in my field I managed this to a small extend, you apparently got in so that to be part of a secretive community, an elite of sorts. Good luck with that.
I will remember this conversation and PM you the solution once and when it will be discovered (thankfully ETFs would accelerate the timeframe of when security habits, even, would become automated)
@_date: 2018-09-08 14:55:54
It can be used as a currency, but since it has a hard limit to its supply most people prefer not to (use it as a currency) which makes it an excellent store of value (I.e. something that could otherwise be used as currency but due to how soft money is these days , it is used as store value instead, a bit like gold but even more extreme).
Everything that can be traded is a speculative vehicle, not just bitcoin. Most of Apple's current valuation even , is due to speculation and not due to the actual numbers it produces.
@_date: 2018-09-17 10:18:21
There is the understanding that SN was working on it for years (probably decades) then took Finney on board, probably around 2006. 
So there was certainly enough time.
@_date: 2018-09-23 14:22:47
AI is not any specific tech. Rather it is a collection of different parts. In fact any sort of self learning algorithm can be described as AI and those exist since 1980s at least.
For the time being it is still a buzzwords thrown around a bit too much. Our self learning algorithms while a lot better than those in 1980s , they have not reached to a point to actually change the world.
For example we have routines basically playing the markets these days. But even them cannot be considered full fledged AIs as they can be gamed and often were.
AI is a continuous work in progress. I doubt it will ever truly come online. It will be a gradual advancement over the decades and centuries. For example there is a lot more AI in our lives but we hardly take notice. It happens too gradually...
@_date: 2018-09-06 00:49:25
No it is not. Bitcoin core not offer ease of use... Are you from this planet?
Also using a roundabout way to get what you want is not a contradiction, it is called strategy. 
You are the kind of guy who would never retreat on a battlefield and die in a ditch. I'm one who thinks that retreats are part of a strategy if you actually do have a superior plan. That is the only contradiction here, the one between my understanding of the world and yours. There is a reason why people like you (and AA) would lose all major battles, no capacity for tactical thought. Way too straight forward thinking, almost to one's detriment...
@_date: 2018-09-14 06:42:03
I'm not saying that the market would do x1000. In fact I am making no sort of concrete prediction. I am not telling people (directly or indicretly) to buy an asset (or not). I'm a million times less responsible than CZ if anything happens to the market.
CZ on the other hand has been a bull for the whole duration of this bear market causing a lot of people to become trapped inside it. Sure it was a mistake to invest what they may had shortly needed, but CZ was amongst a cohort of people!e saying that this bear is not to be long term and eventually prices will return.
By contrast Charlie Lee, for all his disadvantage did call for a multi year bear at the height of the bull market... and he got a lot of flak for it. But at least he protected a lot of people from entering at that point.
CZ is followed by thousands of regulars if not millions, on twitter. I'd suggest him to be more conservative instead of promising things that are unfulfillable in a lifetime. If a person of authority tells you that something would x1000 you increase the chance to have at least some people spending what they should had not spent.
Again I understand that that's CZ's business, but it is verging to felonious behavior. x1000 is impossible for the next decade and highly improbable for the next 50 years. Yet here we have a dude with a standing to the community telling things that he must *know* are incorrect. Yeah, I call this misdirecting people.
@_date: 2018-09-03 18:59:43
ASICs by design cannot not centralize. They are single purpose computers they cannot be owned by the people, only by professionals. Which is exactly what we see. Only Multi-purpose computers can be owned by the people because they're going to also be using them for other things.
We absolutely need part time miners, i.e. non-professionals. In other words mining should be crowdsourced. Decentralization is not a step back, it is a step towards the main road which we abandon to our peril. 
When/if bitcoin is mined almost exclusively by large corporations, these corporations would increasingly have more power on the network. For example they would be able to process their friends' transactions first disregarding the fee structure. Little by little corruption would enter the system as long as you leave a door open.
It's early days, we don't see much of it yet. Once Samsung and similar companies enter mining you'd see more of this. Once Bitcoin becomes mainstream and the *really* big money enters the production industry, you're done for. IMO it should be solved now, *now* that Bitcoin is not yet mainstream.
As for Litecoin, failure of past attempts is not proof of future failures. Before Wright brothers, plenty of heavier than air machines failed to take flight. In fact *all* of them. Invention is not informed by the fact that there were past failures, it is informed by *why* those were failures.
Lastly the fact that you can optimize for particular problems is irrelevant to my suggestion. My suggestion is that you cannot optimize for 10^10 problems not because it is theoretically impossible, but rather because it is practically impossible (how many modules are you going to build in your CPU?). Space and time limit you, not some theoretical limit on how many things you can optimize. Everything is optimizable, you merely do not have all the space of the world to write optimizations for ... everything (either in code, or in hardware).
@_date: 2018-09-21 14:48:40
I am already doing. Not due to some arbitrary lines on a graph though... That's a good way to lose money on the short term (those arbitrary lines). Be careful
@_date: 2018-09-18 06:23:49
Indeed. The ultimate hodler.
@_date: 2018-09-03 08:06:41
We are not seeing ATH this year and very probably not next one. I don't know who this Tom Lee guy is but clearly does not know the history of bitcoin's price: We had a "death cross" back in March. The two other times it happened in bitcoin (2011 and 2014) we haven't seen an ATH for at least a year or two after the cross.
 Meaning Summer 2019 if we are lucky, but 2020 most possibly. I would be surprised if we see 10k this year in fact. With another delay coming in late September for the physically backed ETF we are set to see another crash similar to early August's.
 There are literally no good news incoming for this year. Even this Bakkt news was received lukewarmy by the market. Remember this is not a race, it is a marathon. Bitcoin is not mooning any time soon...
@_date: 2018-09-21 05:50:45
Yet opinions such as yours are the dominant ones. Meaning that your theory that only marginal people want the bitcoin ETFs is/are wrong.
In fact people who actually want bitcoin to transition out of its cypherpunk roots are the ones that need institutional investment to happen. The basement dwellers obviously don't care one way or another. They don't care that bitcoin is as volatile as ever because there are no competing interest within to stabilize the price, they do not care that markets still see bitcoin as kryptonite because of how easy is it for someone to game positions and how many shady characters are still playing a center role...
The more I read desperate threads like this one the more I an convinced that we need bitcoin ETFs and other mainstream financial instruments. It will wash the shrill voices out and allow competing markets to work their magic.
Then and only then would bitcoin's comparative advantages (restricted issuance, security model, easy to store/transfer) would shine. As it would suddenly seem so much better than what already exists in those avenues.
Bitcoin has to finally leave its basement. But it would be harder than necessary if its community insists in keeping it there...
@_date: 2018-09-06 03:08:16
Long term it increases in value
@_date: 2018-09-04 20:05:40
You didn't read my comment, did you?
First I am in the business of accumulating bitcoin so if anything I want more of the stuff not less. I am just doing it in an as efficient way as I find possible. Blindly buying over time is not efficient, it ends you up with half the btc you'd otherwise have. Following what the market tells you before accumulating even more bitcoin is smarter. 
And yes I did short bitcoin during this bear market which actually allowed me to raise capital to buy even more bitcoin during the down turns (and did bought at 6k, as I always do every time we touch that level). There is no shame in that. I generally do not trade, but then again I'm not standing on the side of the road telling people what should they do with their money. 
We are probably in the midst of a bear market still. Meaning that we have at least another leg down, if we do you buy then, if we don't you buy during the uptrend, so you buy less for this time, but generally you ended up with more (I.e. if you shorted in clear downtrends in the past, etc). BTW I do hold a moderate long position at this position at this point and thus far it goes well. Doesn't mean that I would recommend people to do the same. I understand that it was gambly decision in this uncertain market, but followed my gut, which often is correct. But again I only invested part of my winning from my short positions in Early August, I am not taking chances...
@_date: 2018-09-04 14:35:40
I didn't ignore it. I wrote specifically that his style is too bombastic for my blood, this an opinion by definition, there is nothing to discuss further on it. Why are you even bring it up?
I did support my comment, you probably didn't read it though so I'll re-explain. Markets hate redundancies and inefficiencies so in the medium to long term get rid of them.
In traditional assets an intermediary is not a redundancy , he/she ensures that your asset is safe and you basically do not need to worry about it.
In bitcoin's case you don't need to worry about your bitcoin either. And the more user friendly wallets become (because unlike gold vaults, it is software, so they *will*) the more it kills the need for intermediaries. Once said need is killed the market would naturally abandon them as they are an added inefficiency that takes a cut.
Like I wrote elsewhere ETFs are a trojan horse to introduce traditional investors to the superiority of bitcoin and its new ways of doing things (for one making intermediaries redundant). For some reason AA pretends to not see that which is why I assume his motives are not very pure (even if all this is happening in some unconscious level).
@_date: 2018-09-23 19:48:16
I mostly agree in the psychological analysis of yours. I.e. too many people wanting to *force* a bull market therefore too many potential sellers, therefore even if a bull starts they would instantly sell and cut its momentum (as it already happened quite many times already in fact).
The only shade in your argument was/is the last runup itself. 100x is tiny by bitcoin standards. Last ones were almost an order of magnitude greater. I get that progressively, runups would become less explosive , but losing an order of magnitude that early on IMO is too much. So maybe , in fact the actual number of potential sellers is low (we didn't have enough time above 6k).
That second part is what lead me to think that the June low was the bottom. That and  the general movement of the market ever since we set what I regard the bottom (slower increases in price, sudden drop that establish a higher low , rinse and repeat; bear periods are the opposite violent rallies that fail, slower downtrends that manage to set lower lows).
Dunno we are on a bit of a juncture. It can go either way.
@_date: 2018-09-08 16:13:21
Mini recessions do happen in the midst of bull runs. See for example the 1987 one, it didn't stop the general trend one iota.
Historical evidence tells us that we have another decade of upwards movement, it also tells us that we are going to have some corrections here and there...
@_date: 2018-09-20 08:41:35
Which is why despite what this sub would tell you we need institutional investors and any vehicle to bring them.
Supposededly it would fall into the hands of master manipulators (if we do get ETFs and the like) or whatever. But in fact the constant stream of acting and counteracting interests would balance bitcoin.
At this point we are still in the phase where a single entity can will the price. That cannot and does not happen in established assets or stocks.
And yes , it does harm Bitcoin if single players can wreak havoc to its price and thus inadvertedly to its security model.
@_date: 2018-09-06 03:12:29
Bitcoin is young. Once it setlles to a price range it will adopt a behavior very much like gold's. Increase during major market downtrends (70s and 00s) slowly decrease in long term market uptrends (50s-60s, 80s-90s, 10s-20s), but every increase is greater than its decreases.
@_date: 2018-09-19 15:42:17
If 2020 would indeed be a bearish year for markets so would it be for bitcoin.
2014-2016 the US markets were in a bit of a standstill. So was bitcoin. Late 2016 and 2017 show cataclysmic increases, so did bitcoin. Early 2018 show a dip in the markets? So did bitcoin (a bit more markededly). Markets have started rising ever since, bitcoin has stopped the bleed and it follows a narrowing pattern between 6k and 7k and the breakout would most possibly be to the upside provided that the markets' is too.
They are positively correlated more often that not.
@_date: 2018-09-25 18:00:36
It's not . It is the wild wild west. It's also why mining on non commoditized hardware cannot work long term. No way to know what kind of software or hardware backdoors a company installed to control their miners. Sure they find one but that's only incentivizing them to put a harder to detect backdoor, possibly a hardware backdoor (if there's not one already).
IMO there are very good game theoretic reasons that show that dedicated machines break PoW (I.e. the ones who made them are incentivized to cheat the system, basically what happens in lawless countries, the ones that secure them are also the ones that terrorize them). But time will tell, crypto in general is a giant experiment that has no guarantee to end well.
@_date: 2018-09-18 00:26:24
Maximalists would be maximalists even when irrelevant topics are discussed.
Funny people.
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:01:27
Obviously it is not an end all solution. I literally said it's merely safer than what we already have ... it's not "safe". 
Nothing is truly safe when dealing with classical computers.
What blockchains do on the network level, should eventually be done on a personal level. Some type of security which can be followed by average users. I cannot think of any way which would that be presently doable, but inventing a truly secure distributed database was not an easy task either, it needed way too many parts to become somewhat workable.
Personal security of such level may eventually minimize the "input" part of the problem.
But yeah, I'm not of the opinion that we are anywhere near secure voting, I'm also not of the opinion -though- that it is an unsolvable issue. It probably needs way too many parts that we currently don't have. 
For example some kind of reusing of the simple mathematical fact that verification can be orders of magnitude simpler than actually doing a given work, so I'd expect that whatever medium we're using to cast a vote it would have to prove that it is not tampered with using some kind of an easily verifiable answer. 
A parallel to that would be quantum entaglement in quantum communications. I.e. the ability to know that someone messed with / "heard"  a given communication simply because the qubits are not entangled anymore (btw I honestly hope that we won't need to wait for practical quantum computers before being able to create user/input-level security)
@_date: 2018-09-13 16:34:28
If you convert all your fiat into hard assets and then buy ... Well you basically bought with USD again. You can simply not do the intermediate step and spend USD directly (as long as you are being paid in fiat)
@_date: 2018-09-21 09:22:01
"Love" the arbitrary trend lines.
I swear, the one on top used to extend all the way to January a few weeks back. What happened now? That was not comfortable and we have now drawn a new arbitrary line that only takes in accordance the last two highs?
I mean why not just draw a line that starts from January onwards -that includes all the tops BTW- as long you are on the log chart?
Point is that in TA you can draw whatever line make your bias seem true. Or in other words none of those lines are valid (because you can draw as many you can think of). Or to be even more precise. Why should 6900 be proven a resistance? Just because it touches your arbitrary line?
@_date: 2018-09-13 14:25:19
...only problem is that nobody would part with a deflationary asset.
It's like buying groceries using gold. Nobody with a functioning mind would do that. It is better to hold hard assets like bitcoin and spend soft assets like fiat.
In a world where every spendable asset is also a hard asset, then and only then would it make sense to spend bitcoin. Never understood those who spend bitcoin to buy things. If you have the choice to spend a depreciating asset why would you spend the one that appreciates long term?
@_date: 2018-09-12 09:51:23
Or become replaced by a more decentralized more secure medium because in the event of a crisis BTC went underground for so long that development almost stopped and in the meanwhile a new kid arrived in the block.
I mean crises tend to do that. The swipe away whatever existed before them.
IMO a crisis of a gigantic caliber would be lethal to bitcoin. It has to become stronger. Enough that most active development of basic features have stopped and is now a mostly fixed automatic mechanism with no central source anymore, robust enough for people to trust it long term. Once it reaches that stage IMO it would survive any crisis. Bit I put that stage at least a decade away. So the worldwide currency crises that the OP is dreaming about, better happen then and not now...
@_date: 2018-09-15 15:50:10
An economy's fitness is ultimately judged by its capacity to produce efficiently.
While one can say that actual production in US (and generally the western world) went down the efficiency went through the roof.
We live in an all the more digitized economy. The amount of work that was traditionally done by 1000 people is now done by your smartphone. Faster too.
2010s saw the ubiquity of the global network what we call the Internet. Finally the majority of the world is connected to it. It has shown the creation of efficiencies that were unheard of.
For all its downsides, Facebook, for example , is the most efficient form of a social life devised by man. In a few minutes you can learn what's going on.
Sure it is far from perfect and it is mostly used for Ill, but it shows the way into a purely digital life which doubtlessly be the norm in late 21st CE.
Etailers basically killed retailing. The efficiencies created by that are measured in trillions of actual wealth. IMO the blockchain is another such rapidly evolving efficiency which would deal with the growing debt (which is indeed a giant issue) in 2020s most possibly.
The idea that the actual economy is not well sounds silly to me. Very few decades managed as much as the 2010s. We live in the midst so we take it for granted, but actually we are going through one of the greatest revolutions the world has ever seen enabled by the very medium we currently use (the Internet).
I cannot predict the future and the growing inequalities are indeed an issue (the debt less so, I fully believe that the rise of sound money would fix it before it will become critical). What I can say is that 2010s was indeed a boom to the actual economy and IMO it was correctly reflected to the stock market.
If anything even the 2000s was quite great, it was mostly the much needed correction due to having 2 consequent decades or rise in the housing market and the stock market.
Obviously we'd have a crash, probably soonish. But an actual recession? I would be very surprised if it truly comes anytime soon. The fundamentals are not there. At least not yet.
@_date: 2018-09-08 04:23:53
To cheer you up a bit. Musk's understanding of AI is so far out of the mainstream understanding of what an AI is or can be (I.e. *not* an artificial consciousness) that you can as well be hearing a crackpot speaking about how the Jews are controlling the world , when hearing Musk talking about it.
I mean he is a smart guy no doubt. But he is above else an engineer. Engineers are great at creating things, bad at understanding how the world actually works. To create a self conscious AI you need resonance on the order of several trillion, trillion qubits. I.e. a directionality of sorts. 
Basically that is how consciousness presents itself on a human brain, I.e. trillions of neurons acting as one. That's also how consciousness turns off (say you are given an unaesthetic), I.e. trillions of neurons stop acting "as one" , in a directional manner.
We can hardly create resonance on quantum computers of 80 qubits , much less to a quantum computer of a trillion trillion qubits. We are so far away from creating this kind of directionality as we are from going to the center of the milky way. I mean it probably will happen at some point, just not any time soon .
What we currently call AI are advanced calculators, serial machines that can give you answers. Obviously this kind of AI can be weaponized, but that's different to say than saying that it will take its reigns and bring annhilation.
Our brains are trillions of times more sophisticated than even our most sophisticated computer, we are not in danger from them. We are in danger from stupidity though (the kind that was calling the Jews the world's problem for example or weaponizing AI,  or MAD).
@_date: 2018-09-13 15:35:23
But even that is an unknown (your limited lifetime).
Depending on your age (and obviously I don't know it) you can piggyback into medical revolutions of the 21st century like replenishing you stem cells banks, targeting senescent cells, or what have you. 
If you keep spending your bitcoin you won't be able to use those.
IMO the only truly valuable asset is time. So I would only part from my bitcoin (long term) if it was to buy me time. Anything else is obviously beneath it, and I would obviously use inflationary asset (as long as I keep being paid in it).
@_date: 2018-09-18 16:16:06
You/we're a dying breed.
@_date: 2018-09-13 07:10:05
Expect of course bitcoin is a store of value/money.
Many of the rest may have different use cases. So yeah, while there may ever be one huge public block chain dealing with money (say bitcoin) there will certainly be several huge ones dealing with other things where trust is paramount.
They say the blokchain can only ever secure its own token. Sure, but its own token can be made to also transfer more than value of transactions. It can be made to have ownerships so if anyone ever wants to know who owns what can ask a central public block chain which is true all over the world.
Obviously before going there 51% threats, private key thefts and similar should become so very expensive that nobody could even attempt them.
But I can see at least a dozen of uses for a public block chain that Bitcoin does not even begin to address because it doesn't care to...
@_date: 2018-09-26 21:09:22
Descending triangles imply similar lows and lower highs. Instead ever since June we had higher lows and lower highs (a narrowing pattern).
See, that's the issue with TA. Zoom in and it looks like a narrowing pattern, zoom out and it is a descending triangle. Which of the two is a valid signal. Most TA "experts" basically say "both" and when the breakout happens (in either direction) they exclaim "told you so".
Which is why most TA is BS, too little signal over noise...
@_date: 2018-09-02 23:49:20
Out of nowhere shorts went through the roof ... I longed.
@_date: 2018-09-04 03:22:37
Well to some of his lectures he certainly tries to paint the image that bitcoiners are some king of marginal ... elite that is about to bring change.
He makes many great points but he's being a bit over the top, as if he is evangelizing a new religion or sth. If Bitcoin becomes mainstream I don't think his over the top style would sell out auditoriums for him, his evangelizing of bitcoin would actually become irrelevant as Bitcoin becomes part of mainstream economics. 
A bit of what ETFs can start doing, i.e. make people like AA irrelevant. I'm just getting a whiff of desperation every time he speaks against ETFs...
@_date: 2018-09-15 08:22:55
If all merchants accepted bitcoin then indeed it would make sense to directly convert most of your fiat to bitcoin and then proceed to only buy things you trully need or want (i.e. ones that are more meaningful than simply holding bitcoin). That is not a possibility that I had previously thought indeed.
Having said *that* we are far and away from that world too. In fact we live in fiat dominated world. Both in the retail sector and the institutional level. Meaning that there is not much to gain for the few merchants that convert to BTC due to the effect that I've just discussed above:
People would not be spending their BTC and they would still be paying the overhead of supporting something that would only make sense if hyperbitcoinization (or sth similar) happens.
In other words they have to make a bet that would only make sense to make just around the time that you would win it (any sooner and you'd be paying overhead for no reason at all).
@_date: 2018-09-16 20:03:18
You can use obfuscation methods to not know which vote is which.
But yeah I didn't say that we are anywhere near a workable solution. I said that we're closer to it than 20 years ago.
@_date: 2018-09-04 00:02:44
I don't think you understood my suggestion, I think you did not pay attention.
Hand writing 10^10 of problems is extremely complex. Having them randomly being created is not necessarily so. A bit of how bitcoin's PoW generates trillions of puzzles yet the underlying code  is simple. You said you are an engineer, correct?
Also nobody owns an ASIC computer, no. They own appliances that happen to have single purpose integrated circuits in built. They do not buy them for the calculations, they buy them for the task these computations help to achieve.
Do you honestly believe that people would start buying Bitcoin miners that does not help them in their lives in any direct way? Snap out of it man.
People buy appliances that can actually help them in their everyday lives. Your insistence of discounting this as an issue is exactly why bitcoin hashrate becoming increasingly centralized took every insider by surprise. Some people here really do have a weird idea of who can possibly decide to mine and who won't.
Again, the fact that ETH and Morero have a much more decentralized hashrate is not something you can discount. There is something they do correctly. And it's not lack of interest in those coins. Ethereum has an issuance rate almost on par to Bitcoin's in $ yet it is far less centralized.
I do not think you pay attention to what have happened in the last 3-4 years.
If you decide to not continue the conversation further is your right, you have *yet* to solve the issue of centralization though or even have a plan of how it won't become worse. If you truly are an engineer it is an issue that should not let you sleep at nights, I.e. a lose end, I know that it doesn't let *me* sleep.
@_date: 2018-09-06 02:54:16
Who cares about sh*tcoins. Your competition is gold, USD, Platinum... Stop staring at your feet.
@_date: 2018-09-07 05:06:44
Again you think that I made assertions that I didn't. I never spoke of mnemonic seeds as being the solution. I clearly said that I do not know the solution.
Everything else you said is demonstrably BS. Using a Windows 10 PC is far more secure than using a Windows XP PC. Yes, if you were well informed in Win XP days or better yet using Linux you'd be safer than even now. But most people are *uninterested to think like that*
Stop thinking like an engineer for one second and think like a human being. Do you know everything about plumbing, electronics, car engineering, cooking and pretty much anything that affects your life?
No, it would be impossible to. It is not a matter of a cultural shift, it is a matter of priorities. You care about certain things so you are good at those, others care about other things so they will be good at them.
Everything and I mean everything that a block chain does could be done better if we had more transparency and were using a central database. Point is that we can't and we won't. And people won't suddenly become security experts. Forget about it. Everybody I know is using the same password everywhere despite *knowing* that is risky. Almost none use Linux despite being the safer OS, they store critical files in unencrypted text files, etc.
Are you from this planet? This is not people you are describing. People are sloppy with narrow focus and interests. The "cultural shift" you are talking about will never happen and unless a software solution is found people would trust a 3rd party *because* they can't keep up with everything that is new in the computer security front. Nor do they want to. Is is for that reason why most use plumbers instead of fixing their own plumbing, why they do not fix their car themselves, etc.
And yes it is a software problem as most of everything in regards of human behavior is a software problem. Even scientific research is a software issue, one day it would mostly be done by computers. We are in the process of automating *everything*. 
And automating security habits is a must. The first who does this in a transparent way would be a multibillionaire (and not just due to crypto).
@_date: 2018-09-08 03:59:48
Yeah. It is so hard to understand than you can do more with a  BTC worth $20000 than w a BTC worth $1.
BTC is a form of money with limited supply. Its use cases are almost 1:1 connected to its price. That is why I never understood why people are saying that "price doesn't matter". They probably have USD in mind which has limitless supply. Given that SN decided to make BTC of fixed supply, price is almost all that matters..
@_date: 2018-09-13 13:15:18
I'm not sure either. It would most possibly have to do with multi sig and time locks.
For example to actually sign something may need a few hours (or days even). So the would be attacker would be unable to use your keys unless several days are passed (for example) by which time either law enforcement would be notified, or you would be free to nullify the validity of said keys (nullification would be able to happen instantly in a much smaller timeframe).
But honestly it beats me. If I had an idea I would had implemented already and be a multimillionaire. I am mostly sure that it is solvable though, a bit of how mass trust is solvable via game theory and a little bit of math (in public open block chains).
@_date: 2018-09-03 04:30:26


Exactly. It is the risk you have to take sooner or later. The alternative is to have one close knit group of people being replaced by another. Bitcoin would ultimately centralize if it cannot be mined and validated by the people.
If its most important function (creation of the blocks) ends up to a few corporations (basically what will happen as long as miner nodes are single purpose computers) your network eventually will start having more and more characteristics of a privately owned entity.
Whoever creates the blocks, in the long term, is whoever controls the network.
I am an engineer of 20 years, so I know exactly how hard the problem is. It is also the problem we have to solve long term , else miners would take over, they can't not to. IMO PoS is a step back (you replace ultra rich miners with ultra rich stakers) so obviously the solution remains that the problem has to be as complex (*and stable*) as possible.
Obviously it is a hard problem. You'd probably need some mathematical proof before even attempting a randomizer, one that shows that it would be hard to be exploited. But IMO it is a step that needs to be taken. Else what we see (certain valleys controlling bitcoin's hashrate) is going to become even worse.
Monero is centralized in the sense that Devs are ultra powerful there, but its hashrate isn't, so at least they do something right. Ideally you'd throw out devs too, I.e. you'd built a software which would dissalow any party from getting too powerful.
 Unfortunately Bitcoin in its current guise is not it. Miners are way too powerful. Just try to run a miner node if you do not believe me. Within a year you'd have to sell your house due to how insanely pricy is it for common folk...
@_date: 2018-09-13 12:54:06
They compete for whatever it is the most rare asset. In the case of Asic Mined PoW chains it is electricity, in the case of PoW that requires general purpose computing (say Monero's or ravenCoin's) then the competition is among of those who have the compute power.
The website you've linked is irrelevant. Only few coins can be attacked via nicehash, the "1h Attack Cost" column is extremely misleading. For some of them there is simply not enough power in the world to pull a succeful attack without actually co-opting the extant miners (as is the case in both ETH and Bitcoin).
Very few top coins are actually cheap to attack via nicehash and most are shitcoins anyway so nobody cares.
I'm talking about a coin secured by those that actually have critical content on it. Whoever those people are they are now paying a sizeable amount of money to 3rd parties to secure them. Imagine if that amount of money was to pay the new medium (multiple trillions). Nicehash would seem a toy compared to such an immense network, especially if it is/was to be secured by "hard to produce" miners (i.e. general purpose computers). It would be near impossible to pull an attack against a multi-trillion capped network running on general-purpose PoW (i.e. a Proof of Work algorithm that only accepts inputs after some kind of transformation, instead of directly accepting inputs as most do currently).
@_date: 2018-09-01 08:57:14
Digital currency is not a movement, or rather it should not be ... It is a technology. Great thing with technologies is that they evolve in accordance to the world's needs, movements don't , they are notoriously stubborn (and wrong).
Insofar that Bitcoin is a movement it will change nothing in an enduring manner, insofar that it is a technology that service certain needs it can change everything... Ideologies , like religions , are useless, toy versions of the world. 
@_date: 2018-09-16 22:44:20
Ethereum is very centralized. If the DAO incident have shown anything is that the ETH dev team can and is actually down to changing sidechains that they do not agree with. 
And not only that their community seem down to having their devs doing that, as the opinion that "code is law" was the one to fork *away* instead of the one that actually "went back in time" and directly interfaced with the blockchain.
I know that you're being sarcastic, but no way in hell current ETH implementation is a safe haven for voting. 
If anything I had more in mind a sidechain of BTC, because unlike anything else, the BTC community seems to regard as cannon anything that does not hard fork off of it. In other words code *is* law in BTC...
@_date: 2018-09-05 18:04:57
No I raised the idea of "a trojan horse".
A trojan horse is " a false gift". I.e. a gift that you give to another so that you may trick and conquer him/her. By offering such a "gift" you are not in some kind of dissonance, you know exactly what you want, you just go the roundabout way.
Exactly what Andreas (and other similar people) don't see, or pretend not to...
@_date: 2018-09-07 13:01:38


No they have direct correlation to the price. If 21 million bitcoins cost $1 each, you can do a lot less with them than if they were to cost $1 million each.
That's why in currencies/assets of fixed/low supply price is so very important (and why it goes up the more it is used in the real world).


That's demonstratably untrue. People are thinking nothing like this.
People go back to BTC when they want to sell their shitcoins. The mechanism is simple. You want to sell say monero for fiat. To do that in most exchanges you have to exchange it into BTC and then to Fiat.
Some do not sell instantly their BTC which shows up as increased dominance.
Increased BTC dominance means that money exits crypto (Bitcoin included). Decreasing dominance means that money is entering the space (most often than not).
So you're basically cheering the weakening of Bitcoin. Banks are happy to have you as their ally.
Hint: BTC Dominace is not actually measuring Bitcoin's actual dominance (i.e. in the world), you're taking the phrase too literally. It does not mean what you may think it means.
@_date: 2018-09-13 11:57:41
That we are in a bear market. In bear markets people remove their trust in more volatile assets. It's mostly bad news , people cheer here because they do not get the psychology of the masses.
@_date: 2018-09-21 15:24:31
They didn't though . We kept setting lower highs. The trend is quite visible.
@_date: 2018-09-13 23:38:28
I know that it doesn't.
But similarly M2 money is not actual money either. Most of it is ... air, due to fractional reserve banking. Still it is money/numbers that are taken into account. If you have 100k to you bank account you do not feel that you only own 10k of it. No! You'd tell anyone that is interested that you actually have 100k to your bank account.
Again, no way are we going to 200 trillion, or 4 *actual* trillion (which is a huge amount for actual, liquid money) anytime soon.
@_date: 2018-09-27 02:39:56
What happens if both the cop and the court is corrupt?
We are talking Venezuela here. The right to bear arms only works if there is at least one level of administration that is not corrupt. If all are, from the president down to the last cop, or rather if a large minority is, how would owning a gun help you towards it? It only makes you feel safer, but you actually won't be. In most lawless countries people bear arms, they are actually less safe than the countries that have illegalized the bearing of arms.
It is the rule of law that keeps you safe, not your firearm. If the rule of law goes out of the way , not even a tank will keep you safe. Eventually they'd get you.
@_date: 2018-09-13 11:47:36


You keep saying this word. I do not think that it means what you think it means. I have read the original white paper in 2011 and I was taken by storm. It is exactly what Bitcoin did, created a more efficient method to have trust than the one we have currently. Literally everything else has already be done. Low issuance by valuable metals, e money by PayPal and credit providers.


Who ever said that it is. You are attacking a strawman there. Never supported PoS or permissioned block chains. They don't work. Open public blockchains do.


Unless of course you issue new blocks using Proof of Work. In which case the blocks have to be chained or else any new block's hash won't be valid. There is literally not one coin (apart from the attacked ones) where PoW is used that blocks aren't/weren't chained. It tends to happen after a while.
Of course you have to make sure that it is not profitable to have the network attacked in which case you increase the rewards of the coin either by increasing the token's issuance or by having people paying more for it (and they would if they care that their data is safe).
You basically create a diverse group of miners. If it is diverse enought 51% attacking it become extremely expensive...
I don't see why you should piggyback on an established block chain. If there is enough incentive for the new block chain to be decentralized, it would be.
@_date: 2018-09-06 01:24:04
It is a software engineering problem.
By ease of use didn't mean Apple like BS. Meaning actually not having to deal with public keys and privatekeys. I.e. some kind of mnemonic seed, similarly to what happened to the internet before taking off (DNS servers in place of IP addresses).
It is also a mathematical problem as the two should be connected (I.e. a sentence that makes sense to you -for example- to your private key).
Making software banking easier *is* a software problem that would only be solved if enough demand is there for it (for example funds that need to do away with the intermediaries).
@_date: 2018-09-14 20:00:00
That would make no sense. Unless we achieve hyberbitcoinization nobody is spending bitcoin. It's simply silly to do so. It long term inflates in value. Unless whatever you buy gives you *more* value than holding on to your bitcoin then its silly to buy. And even if it does give you more value you are better off spending less valuable assets to buy it (like fiat). 
Why would anyone spend bitcoin is beyond me. Do you often spend gold to buy things? It simply makes no sense. You already own one of the most valuable things (long term) almost nothing competes with it (long term).
@_date: 2018-09-10 13:27:59
Nothing of the sort. BTC dominance goes up because people exit their position and since exiting your position happens by buying BTC using your alt you see alts losing value compared to BTC.
It tells us that the market is getting smaller. Come bull market Bitcoin dominance would again go down as people would start entering positions in alts as well as in BTC.
On in itself BTC dominance tells nothing about Bitcoin. It is a secondary characteristic of bear markets. Generally it is bad news.
@_date: 2018-09-16 18:00:54
Naaah half hearted. Most of them continued mining on the main chain because it is too damn profitable.
I fear for the day when mining on the main chain would be profitable for the fewest of the few . What would the rest do? Sit on their super expensive hardware, trying to sell (and nobody buying) or simply use it to game the market by attacking the network?
@_date: 2018-09-14 19:53:31
Irrational no. But atypical certainly.
The 30-40s recession was followed by the 50-60s boom which was followed by (roughly) the 70s recession , followed by the 80s-90s boom , followed by the 00s recessions, followed by the 10s boom which would be followed by the 20s recession?
Certainly it is a possibility but you can see how problematic would that "break of tradition" be for the US economy. It would basically be back to back recession.
Obviously past performance does not indicate future performance. But IMO anything less than a 10s-20s boom would be kind of a failure. If for example we are to have 2 bad decades in the new millennium and only one good one. 
Imagine how badly would that reflect to the continuation of US's superpower status. Just 70 years and that's it? Wow pathetic (the Spanish had a good 300 years, the British too, the Romans more and US not even a century? Lol).
@_date: 2018-09-02 06:19:20
Sell sign?
I swear, for the last 8 months or so that I would read such articles the market would react in almost direct opposition to them.
No fundamental reasons for me to sell. But honestly such articles make me want to short bitcoin. There is simply not enough blood in the streets...
@_date: 2018-09-14 19:46:13
Where did I say that inflationary money is more valuable. In fact I said quite the opposite. It is so valueless that as long as people accept it you should be getting rid of it.
I was pretty much expressing Their's law using different words. I do not see where you disagree. As long as people accept soft money you'd be a fool paying using hard money.
I also made a note for the case that hard money becomes the norm. Yes obviously, in that world spending bitcoin makes sense. But in this one it doesn't. IMO only a fool spends bitcoin for groceries or coffee. Also why I think any attempt to bring bitcoin closer to retail use is doomed to failure. Sure you'd be able to buy coffee in Starbucks using Bitcoin, but *nobody would*. People are not fools. At least not those who know enough so that to own bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-04 22:53:13
It is possible to change a chart in such a way that each point of it can be predictive of another.
You used a log log chart that goes all the way back to Genesis block. You did that because the self refential "predictions" work that way. If you were to use any other "setup" you wouldn't be able to get those results.
That tells you nothing about nothing, it's the equivalent of drawing a line between two disparate points and extrapolating from there. With some fancy math you can transmute any chart in a manner which would show definite patterns. Then -as time goes on- the "symmetry" would break so you would transmute the chart in another way and say *that* was the right one all along.
It's all sleight of hand. There is no information travelling from the future to the present (to us), all you get is the appearance of past "pasts" predicting past "futures". This kind of sleight of hand never works for the actual future .
Which is why you'd be wrong (OK it is possible that you'd be lucky and work this once, but eventually your model would break, very soon after in fact).
Point is that every time you predict the markets you either fail or succeed. If you do succeed (I.e. an actual pattern arises) those markets take it in account and transmute in something else altogether.
Problem with phycisists working on complex systems is that they can scarcely fathom that we are on ramps. They approach every problem as if it is *one* problem which has a definite solution or at least an approximation (which is certainly true to simple enough systems). But truth is that even the nature of the underlying problem often changes in the real world. Staring at lines in a chart hoping that those would give you a valid prediction is voodoo magic ... Either that or an or attempt to manipulate other people.
@_date: 2018-09-04 10:38:14
Great thing with this is that it is falsifiable. Come February the above -silly- chart would be falsified too and it would fall off its prediction.
Great things coming the coming months. For one we'd stop getting posts trying to predict price or contrast it with last year's. Maybe then and only then would this sub return to discussing Bitcoin (with a capital B) instead of reading goat entrails and trying to predict the future.
@_date: 2018-09-13 08:14:21
Post WWII recessions (downtrends that last) happen every 20 years or so.
We are overdue for a market crash, but like the 1987 one it should not lead to a recession. Multi year recessions do not happen every decade.
Inflation adjusted S&amp;P 500: 
Last 70 years only two recessions. The 70s and the 00s basically.
We are too close to the last one. If we get another recession so close to the last one it would definitely mean that the US is going down. Empires typically last for centuries in part because they are economically stable.
It took two World Wars to take down the 300 years' British dominance. It took even more to take the Roman Empire down (it lasted 400 years or so). Etc...
US as an empire is only 70 years old.
@_date: 2018-09-15 14:35:05
Of course they are derivatives. But also the first mainstream financial product dealing with bitcoins.
It was huge news back then, it meant that Bitcoin is starting to being accepted by the mainstream financial sector which deals in trillion instead of millions.
I'd guess that Q4 speculation which was reflected to the price as well as the selling of the news that happened in the week that Futures went live were a giant coincidence then?
How about the ETF speculation of last July which literally died once it was made clear that the ETFs won't be accepted.
Again, coincidence , right?
I understand being anti establishment , in many things I am that myself. But man do people in this sub like to delude themselves
Bitcoin valuation won't get into trillions unless and until it is accepted by the mainstream financial sector. Deal with it. Tweets like the above are meaningless and probably false.
@_date: 2018-09-08 03:06:46
BTC's dollar value is basically its hedge against dollar. It is a metric of its real world dominance. Whenever it is going down BTC's *actual* dominance goes down (I.e. its use in the world).
It's like being a county of a piss poor kingdom and under attack by a foreign entity (those hedging USD, EUR and valuable metals against BTC). Instead of being sad for losing the battle (you just lost one  seventh of your dominance in the real world in a few hours' time) you are cheering that counties other than yours are burning faster.
But you are burning, the flames are not out, the bear is still in full force. What happens to others is irrelevant if you are also becoming weaker.
IMO coinmarketcap should rename BTC dominance into "BTC vs ALTS Dominance" which is what it is. And replace the metric of BTC dominance with its real world equivalent "BTC vs M2 Dominance".
Then suddenly you'd change your tune. Because you'd notice that every time the BTC vs ALTS dominance goes up (an irrelevant metric), BTC vs M2 goes down way faster (the important metric). You'd *finally* weep. As you should every time BTC loses 1/7th of its use cases in a few hours.
@_date: 2018-09-14 06:25:44
If they also had the choice of spending of inflationary assets (as they do now), they would had spent their inflationary assets (the rapidly deflating -in value- ones, instead).
@_date: 2018-09-18 15:56:00
I don't see them.
IMO we're the last generation that we're still interacting with Keyboard and mice. Next one (my children) would not want to touch those things. They type so much faster on mobile than we do on physical keyboards and touch navigation are 2nd nature to them.
PCs are dying, both in sales and acceptance. Once our generation goes away so would they. It's a product of our generation, it is aging as we do and will be eventually dying as we will.
@_date: 2018-09-13 21:24:31
200 trillion market?
He's either drunk or simply shilling his business so hard that it becomes ridiculous. Because no way are cryptomarkets going to be valued twice the amount of the global money supply right now (global m2 reserves stand to around ~100 trillion USD right now) anytime soon.
100x from here is a hard limit , 20x-50x seems to be a more realistic limit for the near to medium term. Even if you are a a crypto maximalist and you think that the Crypto-apocalypse is nigh you wouldn't believe that we are getting twice the valuation of the global money supply any time soon...
Some of those prominent Crypto figures are downright comical... Damn.
@_date: 2018-09-05 07:05:50
I see it differently.
Bakkt is more targeting retail use and ETFs (at least the CBOE backed version of it) is targeting big Funds.
If both physically back their paper claims then we should expect the ETF to be bigger in account of volume.
I don't think that either are a "game changer". The only game changer is the actual tech, but both would bring about more mainsteam acceptance of this asset class and IMO they are both a positive.
Bitcoin needs to become part of the mainstream, and being a hard asset that is far less illiquid than gold , it will find its place to modern economies. It can go as far as replacing any softer versions of storage of value (say fiat, gift cards, etc), or merely be in parallel for some decades. Whatever's the case it should be out there. A network like bitcoin's is only useful when used on the real world, not as long as it remains a semi theoretical concept.
@_date: 2018-09-14 06:24:35
Which is why I say "no way in the near future" and not "no way in the future". The future in general is unknowable. But if CZ is trying to tell us that the cryptomarket will go x1000 in the course of 100 years ... like , who cares? He's knowingly misdirecting people.
Point it that it doesn't go x1000 any time soon and that's what matters
@_date: 2018-09-13 19:56:51
...eventually. We're not there yet. Which is why having a crisis "prematurely" would only harm Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-09-08 15:05:39
The stock market seems to be going through 20-year bullish markets alternated by a decade of misery.
At least it did so post WW II.
If it pops now , at the middle of its 3rd rally , then it would mean that a major change of pace happened. Most chances are that that won't happen though.
The chart above, BTW, is not inflation adjusted so it is garbage. Real one looks like that: 
It can clearly be seen that we are in the 5th major period post WW II
1st one was 1949-1969
Second one was 1969-1982
3rd one was 1982-1999
Previous one was: 1999-2009
This one is: 2009-?
Where ? Is anywhere between 2025-2030 IMO, at least historically speaking. So we are on average another decade away from a market pop. Do not put too much ... stock in it.
IMO that's good for bitcoin too as it allows it time to grow and therefore be ready for the next pop.
@_date: 2018-09-17 10:24:14
I'm not taking a position one way or another. I'm just saying that is atypical for empires to die out so soon.
The mongol empire didn't last long (for example) but even it had a good 200-300 year run through its successive kingdoms.
Sure US may die out, I just don't see "who's next". China has even greater internal problems and an unworkable political system. Europe is mostly a US satellite, still. India is only now waking up, African nations are where China was 50 years ago but with a better political climate, so who knows, but even them need at least half a century to catch up ... etc
Through the process of elimination US seems to have at least half a century more, probably more. And if you're the sole superpower of the world you *can* prop up your economy enough to avoid back to back recession (if say both 2000s and 2020s were to be recessions).
That's why I find it improbable. I try to see the whole picture. In many ways US is still playing without a considerable adversary. The Soviets were an easy one for them (they barely lasted 40 years as a superpower), China would probably be easier (huge housing bubble that makes the western one seem like nothing, many more internal problems that are not much known in the US, far higher levels of corruption)...
@_date: 2018-09-18 14:50:05
Progressively less. The new generation (my kids) don't even bother.
@_date: 2018-09-09 02:25:24
The elite of 80s and 90s were the software pioneers of the 00s (at least some of them).
The Internet pioneers of the 90s and 10s became part of the elites of the 10s).
It is it not to crazy to think that some of the early adopters/pioneers of the blockchain would beart of the future elite. At least some of them. The crypto space does seems to represent the 3rd major step towards widespread automation (Computers -&gt; Internet -&gt; Block chain)
@_date: 2018-09-03 07:29:57
Didn't specify which coins...
Both Monero and Ether are GPU minable. Even bitcoin in a way (if you use Nicehash). So the comic was quite accurate.
@_date: 2018-09-02 06:48:13
It's not just this one. Way too much positivity lately. The uptrend is not even that great by bitcoin's standards. Meaning people *hunger* for good news, meaning that there are still sellers among us, buyers want lower prices not higher ones, they do not get excited with small increases in prices.
When I see so many sellers I feel the need to short. I probably won't but I fear that I will regret it.
@_date: 2018-09-16 11:34:00
Someone who lived a few blocks away from Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto, made the first bitcoin transaction along with a partner/friend of his?
It doesn't feel much of a mystery when so many ... "coincidences" happen at once. Including the fact that "Satoshi" was gone from the web when one part of his (the coding part) developed serious motor malfunctions.
I mean people praise SN for making Bitcoin and then ... disappearing. Nobody stops to think that maybe he never meant to disappear. That it was a happy accident which ultimately decentralized Bitcoin and made it the king it is today.
Maybe Bitcoin is only decentralized because one person was diagnosed with a serious motor illness and then died due to it. It's possible that part of Satoshi Nakamoto "died for our sins" (or whatever) :p
Seriously, though, I only regard it a happy accident that Bitcoin was left "fatherless". I'm mostly sure that SN fully intended to stay around in one way or another. Alas he couldn't, his coding part died.
@_date: 2018-09-03 17:31:31
(Another) Problem with current hashing mechanism is that it was an engineer's work.
Someone built something, hoping it will work , and for a time it did until it didn't.
The one and only way to build anything is to restrict movement between moving parts. That is to say that if your structure has 3 parts. Say a randomizer, a pipe and a hashing algorithm you'd have to only allow one solution between parts. You do that by making all the in between parts as simple as possible.
In the whole structure you only need one part that constantly changes so that to throw off optimization, everything else has to be the simplest possible both programmatically and computationally. 
There are ways to prove that -mathematically- there is only one direct way to go towards a solution and (that) any roundabout way (if there is any) is/are slower.
Again, it is not easy but it is very much doable. Which is why it is so hard to further optimize for sha256 itself (for example). 
AsicBoost is expected to happen in works made without much prior research. Again, what I am suggesting is something that has as few parts as possible which would be as simple as possible. Even the randomizer has to be as few lines of code as possible. I am not suggesting an ultra complex piece of code, I do know that you actually create more points of failure like that.
I am suggesting something that would be computationally *hard*. If bitcoin trully is hard money, the machines that mines it should also be hard to be built. Scarcity happens by restricting the supply , but also by restricting the ways to reach it.
General purpose machines are already being built for people's computing needs. So they are obviously useful for things that are other than mining. Meaning that they are easier to disseminate to people.
BTW the reason that I had not commented on the ASICBoost debacle is because it is/was expected. That is what you expect when you let engineers do everything, in you words, nothing can be built perfect, especially on its first take.
But you also did not comment on the fact that mining is actually profitable on GPU/CPU mined coins (and bitcoin was too back in the day, before ASICs) even to everyday folk, even to this day, all the while ASIC mined coins simply aren't.
It *is* a matter of research to find out a solution to the problem before us, because instead death by a thousand cuts await us (mining centralized to 1-2 big corporations). We have to disseminate mining back to people instead of raising our hands to the sky and saying "it can't be done".
@_date: 2018-09-05 01:49:42
Guy is outside mainstream development for almost 40 years. Why are we listening to him again? Hagiographies are never good especially for something as dynamic computer technology.
He is a just a rich guy talking about the blockchain technology as far as I am concerned. Good for him I guess. I just fail to see how is this relevant to anything really.
@_date: 2018-09-15 13:29:38
It's early days still...
What's good for BTC it is good news for the rest too. Because if Bitcoin becomes more robust more people would become aware about crypto and some of them would inevitably invest to things other than BTC too.
Which is why when you see BTC going up the alts go up stronger and when the opposite is true, the alts go down harder. BTC dominance is in fact a market of whether we are in a bear or a bull market for that reason alone.
Obviously eventually, as the market matures, the fate of the projects would differentiate. At least price wise. We are just not there yet.
People still only now of Bitcoin. Once they'd know about Bitcoin *and* Ethereum and appreciate how different are they (in almost everything) then you'd see their fates diverging.
Still a low level correlation would remain. A bit of how a low level correlation does exist in the stock markets too. Once one -dominant- market goes up the rest do too, the opposite happens as well.
So , yeah. Cryptos are a bit *too* correlated for the time being, eventually they won't, but their correlation will never reach zero ( they would always be correlated to a point).
@_date: 2018-09-09 02:19:52
Many other things to counteract those though.
US being the indisputable superpower meaning that they can print as much as they like without much recourse (countries still accepting their dollar)
Automation creates unfathomable new wealth which would be unthought of in those decades
Debt while extremely high it is being serviced (back in 2008 almost none could service it)
Not saying that those are enough , I am just saying that if indeed we break into a full on recession that early indeed things may have changed permanently.
@_date: 2018-08-08 04:15:04
The market was expecting a yes, clearly. People panic sold their position once it became known that the stuff gets delayed.
@_date: 2018-08-17 12:09:14
IMO it will decrease bitcoin's volatility as there would be a constant inflow and outflow of wealth within the ecosystem. Reduced volatility does and would open new vistas for Bitcoin. I.e. to start becoming a more acceptable payment system by more and more vendors for one, finally the unbanked being able to own not only an asset but also a method of transacting value for the purpose of buying goods.
Whilst ETFs do not reflect Bitcoin's original values IMO, in the end, does aid them.
@_date: 2018-09-04 01:32:28
Then again bitcoin is not validated through PoS meaning that it doesn't matter who has the majority of it. If anything if "rich people" buy a lot of it they'd be able to rise the price and let it stay high (I.e. decrease volatility).
I still don't see the issue. Are we in the business of coveting what others have?
@_date: 2018-08-22 12:51:59
Rekt is a bit of an overstatement. Shorting for the first half of august was quite profitable.
Also it is possible to short an asset without disbelieving it long term. You merely think it is in a short term downtrend, you stock up fiat (via shorting) and then rebuy at those lower prices ...
@_date: 2018-09-04 04:26:31
It's a protocol, it's a currency, it's a network all at the same time. It can't be harmed by ETFs. AA's dayjob would (no reason to evangelize something that everyone knows about), which is why he attacks it. 
There won't be increasing centralization on the custodian front. People would soon find that they are unneeded. The market would price them out. But at first they are needed for old folk that wouldn't touch the stuff without SEC (basically) telling them that it is good for them.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:26:34
The Internet was a difference maker as well, probably the greatest in the history of humanity, the DotCom era valuations were *still* a bubble.
I mean it's possible to have both a very useful tech *and* a bubble. I don't see how's that a controversial statement.
Yeah, it bears no resemblance to the tulip mania (that so many outsiders like to point out), *but* it does have a striking resemblance even to late 90s...
Let me remind you that only Amazon, Yahoo and a couple more Internet corps survived that era. Which cryptocurrencies would survive if we indeed go bust? I think *that's* the most important question, not whether we're in a bubble or not, the long term question...
@_date: 2018-09-16 21:31:47
People get ALS. People get paralyzed. People die.
I am not sure that SN wanted to leave his project . I mostly think that he couldn't code anymore so he was forced to.
The mouthpiece of Satoshi is possibly alive, somewhere, but without his coding prowess he's merely a shadow. I'm almost 100% sure that one half of what comprised Satoshi Nakamoto is simply dead...
So it is not much of a mystery... Like I already wrote. Sometimes people die.
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:33:32
It is producing security.
Security is not nothing. It is one of the hardest things to produce. People criticizing mining are either trolls or technologically illiterate.
The solving of double spending with a digital asset that is not centrally controlled would go down as one of the most important discoveries of the 21st CE...
@_date: 2018-09-12 20:07:06
That is only true as long as the mining hardware is relatively abundant and/or easy to produce in mass numbers .
For example before ASICs Ethereum never had that issue if only simply as a matter of how hard is it to produce massive quantities of high end GPUs.
ASIC mining leads to centralization, it is true. If you find a way to make the production of miners a relatively difficult task, then mining would remain profitable to more places. For example ETH minining during the last bear market and consolidation period (2015-2016).
@_date: 2018-08-10 03:56:11
We had both last year. If you use the log chart you'd see that the first bull ended in June (long but not as spectucular in volume), i.e. 200 to 3000 in the course of 2 years and the second in Dec (far shorter but also far more spectacular), i.e from 1.8k to 20k in the course of 5 short months (Jul lows, Dec highs).
2018 looks almost exactly like 2014. I am surprised to find out that (a) this market does not mimick (like most markets) but almost verbatin copies itself  and (b) that the 2014-2015 bear was actually part of a grander market cycle and nothing to do with Mt Gox, almost seems unavoidable with current eyes. I mean we had no Gox this year, (everything else was an order of magnitude milder) yet we follow almost the exact same cycle, last year's runup included...
@_date: 2018-08-24 12:37:30
Because you cannot "print" bitcoins, can you?
You have to create your own chain as to use it as a reward system to folders. Then people who want to help with folding would buy those coins so that incentives are given for folders to fold. 
It is an 1:1 relationship, or rather was before those coins went to hell. Bitcoin is not that good as a reward system, it is one of those things that it was not designed to do...
@_date: 2018-08-15 13:58:52
Too bad that 80% of BTC volume is outside US and your local news does not interest us...
Seriously though, only Bakkt can be expected within 2018.
I just shorted harder seeing that people are still hopeful. With so much hope you are never going to see a recovery. Just give up.
@_date: 2018-09-09 08:35:03
Naah, it's all good. They are basically telling you to short.
Once those posts stop I may start longing with confidence again.
@_date: 2018-08-29 15:05:46
Nope that is not the fact. The fact is that a 100 billion company turned into an one Trillion company faster than any other.
The fact is that Apple is doing things *now* that couldn't do 10 years ago.
Fact is that Apple is becoming established as the BMW of electronics in people's minds and back it up this time.
It's relatively easy to make an innovation which would eventually fade. It's hard to make an innovation and then back it up with even harder innovations.
The iPhone or an iPhone like device was widely expected to be created by *someone* in late 00s. A mini Kinect and a mobile CPU that often crashes laptop CPUs in floating point operations was very much not expected in late 10s.
Apple does things that exceed epxections both from a technical standpoint and sales standpoint.
During the Jobs era Apple started to recover, but it only became the behemoth it is, lately.  Whoever are those that functionally succeeded Jobs (probably a team of people) are doing a better job than him. 
In a strange twist, Steve Jobs death was a good for the company as he was apparently holding it back. It had entered the phase of elaborating and that poor f was trying to invent things still.
That is the cycles of companies: First generation creates the wealth (basically Jobs), Second generation greatly expands it (current leaders of Apple), third generation doesn't get it, too disconnected from the initial spark, the company starts falling, slowly but surely.
We are in that second phase of explosive growth. Jobs was merely the one to set the stage for the real golden age of Apple. Right now!
@_date: 2018-09-04 02:51:18
They do harm the persona he likes to sell for bitcoin. That anarchist that is going to change the world but not yet, a tragic hero.
Imagine if Bitcoin becomes mainstream, how would AA continue selling that image?
People would do whatever they want to do with their money. If they want to trust their bitcoins to a custodial service let them. Bitcoin does not dictate how you will use or store it. Extra use is always a positive for bitcoin doesn't matter if people that use it doesn't get it. In the end they will, but first they have to enter the market. And some/many won't without a custodial service they can trust.
It is certainly a postive to bitcoin. All the arguments against it are weak and almost envious looking.
@_date: 2018-09-21 05:17:14
What's even more funny is that runnup was triggered *because* the thought was that the CBOE futures (first mainstream financial product to include bitcoins) opened the way for ETFs and the likes.
So it was precisely the expectation that institutional money would come rushing in what drove bitcoin to those highs. Then institutional investment didn't come and the bubble popped.
Yet you are in such severe disillusionment that you now think that ETFs and the like are not needed to begin with.
Are you prepared for triple digit bitcoin and constant fear of attack from the now idle hashpower? Because that is what you are going to get if the markets were to believe the nonsense that you are peddling. 
This market topped at $1k - $3k due to its community alone. And even those levels would had proven unsustainable. A bunch of holders and enthusiastic millionaires cannot sustain a multi billion market cap asset. Simple as that.
Bitcoin is at the stage of leaving its cypherpunk roots behind (as an asset class) and transitioning to a mainstream economic tool. Yet if you listen to the top comments in this sub you would think that the opposite is true.
I'm always surprised at how *precisely* wrong popular opinions in marginalized groups are. You suddenly realize why they are marginalized groups to begin with.
@_date: 2018-09-08 15:06:25
It's not inflation adjusted. The chart is misleading.
@_date: 2018-08-11 11:17:20
You seem confused.
OK, let me make it even more clear for you using actual numbers.
Facebook has 2 billion users each day. If it is used 2.5 hours on average and each , say, use 0.2w to mine, that's 1GWh per day. Not enough work for you? That is the equivalent of 33000 S9s working night and day. And since mobiles are much more energy efficient than bigger computers , you could manage the same kind of work if you use 2 times the amount of energy since you'd have to scale the processing unit. So actually the equivalent of 66000 S9s and that's just Facebook, imagine YouTube, Instagram and pretty much everyone is giving their users' compute away to secure a network that everyone benefits from.
It would be hard to match this amount of energy with dedicated farms, because we use computers anyway and the amount of energy they use dwarfs any dedicated network RN. Merely using the amount of energy that was dedicated in showing ads and probably a bit more but only for mining, this time, you suddenly solved two problems at once. One is funding your endeavor, second is securing the network that you (and everyone) are going to use. Pretty much making it unhackable.
Of course for this to work (I.e. mobile chips being able to produce work that is relevant to securing a network) you need to block asics by building a multipuzzler.
@_date: 2018-08-06 14:37:43
I know , the idea is not unique to me, many have made the same thought.
Obviously many/most implementations may be proven insecure, but that doesn't change the fact that we are early days in "asic resistance" and far from a place to admit defeat to cartels as the article seems to indicate.
It's like getting the early cars, how they were literally running on fumes, how hard where they to operate and how expensive to build and announce to the world that this whole car idea is silly and will never work better than carts or horses...
Maybe, or maybe not. What is certain is that the issue won't be solved by simply saying that it won't.
The article is interesting in pointing out the issues with current implementations of asic resistance, you can also see a clear trajectory though. How we are getting from something that is relatively easy to be optimized to Algos that are harder and harder (to be optimized)...
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:14:46
It was not for no reason. The pump started when CBOE's backed ETF was given for approval to SEC (12th of July bottomed for July)
Very few times was there as a solid reason as this run's
And the run (basically) ended when Winklevii's ETF got rejected and the reasons (of said rejection) became public.
It was ETF speculation that is now dying out. Google search trends show the same thing (bitcoin searches got a pump becuase many people were searching for Bitcoin + ETF)
If it was not for the Winklevii in fact we would had reach 9k (and then die down).
Crystal clear reasons for once.
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:24:18
It's impossible if you don't know what you should optimize for. Even the algorithms would be unknowable (they would be derived by a seed).
They wouldn't be 1000x more efficient, they would scracely  be able to have all the components needed for the calculations at hand. You cannot have an "application specific IC" if there is no application (but instead you have 10^16 ones)
@_date: 2018-08-14 09:52:05
Heh, you never learn. I warned a lot of you guest when the ETF rejected the withnklevii and don't want to listen. I started shorting back then and made bank, what about you?
I always buy (or sell) sentiment. Everything tells me sell right now, or buy if you want to lose your money short term at least.
@_date: 2018-08-02 09:47:04
More specifically it wii happen after/if we break 6k.
It formed a tripled bottom there in the last 9 months or so.
If we go below that we will reach the last Support that bitcoin had before forming the 6k support level (in Nov 2017).
The next support (I.e. the place it bounced off hard) after 6k was/is 3.2k. It is the level it reached in Sep 2017.
I don't think it will go below that. But if it does next stop 1.8k (Jul 2017) and after that 1.2k (Apr 2017). But again I rather doubt we reach that low. 3.2k is probably the lowest we can reach and the absolute bottom of this bear (if we truly reach it)
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:52:59
Bitcoin needed all this.
Bitcoin proto markets lead to its first utilization and they remain one of its primary uses.
Bitcoin exchanges lead the second rally and played a big part to the latest one. Maybe not Mt Gox and Silk Road in particular, but certainly the use cases they represented.
Now we are getting a 3rd use for bitcoin (apart from e commerce and speculation), that is institutional investing. Bitcoin *definitely* need it to go further as much as it needed the prior two.
You can take such tweets as contrarian views. They describe things in the way that they exactly aren't.
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:26:56
Artificial scarcity in production is not a very hard notion to understand, at least I would think that it isn't.
Ever since Alan Turing released his seminal paper in late 30s the world is enamored with what can now be called a Turing complete computation machine. Only lately do we see a regression into simpler machines that are specialized.
That creates what seems like paradox at first but eventually given the state of the world and its needs make sense: the most technically complex computers are in the hands of the masses and the least complex (I.e. specialized) computers are in the hands of the professionals or the academy.
By creating artificial scarcity in the production phase of the miner you also ensure more uses therefore more popularity to your machine. What I have in mind is an algorithm with constantly differentiating needs. I.e. one that goes through a randomized pipe where everything goes and its output is the input of some established hashing algorithm (say keccak or sha256 or what have you). 
In other words a difficulty in creating a miner would actually allow more to want to be miners as it won't be a profession per we but rather one of the many occupations that a computer can have during the day. That is why I called for the creation of a market for computers that can be used in all sorts of application including mining.
This ensures that even disinterested parties can participate in mining, say universities, researchers, students, professionals of disparate professions. It also ensures that owning the machine would be more important than actually having low electricity prices as the machine would be relatively scarce and thus hard for the network to add hashrate as fast as it does now. Buying such a machine would ensure at least some to many months of profitability even at high electricity prices...
@_date: 2018-08-12 12:22:06
I do have kids. I am just not under the impression that they will live on after I die. The world dies from your own perspective when you die, it literally does.
I just explained you our findings. Now humans may be made of some magical stuff and really do go on after death, but if they are not, then no, your kids would cease when you will cease.
In believing that the world goes on without you there is the implication that there is such thing as a universal time, I.e. time that is independent of a subject. We never found this in physics and in complex systems (my field) inf fact we find the opposite. I.e. that time ceases.
If you want your kids to live on *you* have to live on, I.e. invest in anti-aging research. If you die the world dies with you.
It's like trying to build a home all the while knowing that a wildfire is coming and will burn it to the ground. I mean you can do this, I am just advising against it, building a home is not a priority for you right now, stopping the wildfire is.
@_date: 2018-08-19 18:31:42
Generational ships make no sense though. Nobody or nothing can or will accept to live and die in a stellar prison for the purpose of "the furtherment of the human kind". 
Let me remind you that *all* past explorations happened because they were giving tangible benefits to both the explorers and their sponsors.
Unless humankind changes to something unrecognizably different we will never explore different galaxies. And if it does change to something unrecognizably different then it would not be mankind we are talking about.
I said *we* will never reach other galaxies. Other creatures? Maybe.
@_date: 2018-08-18 22:44:50
It is true in BTC dominance era. It was not true in altcoin season.
It is plenty of times that I bought alts with BTC and then converted back to more BTC. In fact most of the first half of 2018... Since may we are in BTC season....
It is one of the tricks to get more BTC in fact. And it works surprisingly well in alt seasons.
@_date: 2018-08-05 19:58:08
Again I wrote the opposite.
The attack will happen at a time that Bitcoin is at its relative weakest, not at its strongest.
If Bitcoin increases in price for all eternity it will never be attacked. If however it follows a trajectory similar to gold's (constant increases for a time, but then crashes and even longer bear periods) then yes there will be *some* situations where it will be profitable.
If a gold style crash happens to bitcoin , or rather an even "deeper" version of it then many miners will seek to get out. But since bitcoin mining would be unprofitable they would sell their miners for dirt cheap. Say someone garners all those miners at 1/10th their initial price, so suddenly it is not a 2 billion investment but rather (it is) a 200 million one.
Given the crash and the miner that got out difficulty would crash too, allowing to said actor to attack. Now the attack itself won't destroy Bitcoin (that's not the point) but it *will* cause disruption and possibly a hard fork , if it is relentless enough. Say said guy has shorted bitcoin with leverage just before launching the attack, in multiple exchanges and multiple ways (both physical bitcoin and future contracts).
After everything goes down, obviously the price will crash leading the guy to make a cool billion. So he gave 200 mil, and got a billion and it is absolutely doable the more economic instruments enter the market.
Basically game the market when bitcoin is at its weakest and then be most of that day's volatility (both in account of the event you caused and the positions that you will close)
@_date: 2018-08-20 09:51:41
No, it will be us. Alpha centauri is relatively close. The difference between 1CE humans and 2000 CE humans are minimal. Just go look at those graffities in Pompeei which is pretty much a town frozen in time. Even the jokes are as childish as those of today's youth.
People will live longer, probably significantly so, we will know more, but by 4000 CE our basic character won't be too different. Everything else changes, our innermost desires and modes of being resist throughout the millennia.
So it will very much be "us" those who eventually travel 5LY and back.
But again that is an entirely different conversation as compared to "who travels to Andromeda". Travelling to Andromeda would indeed need millions of years' worth of changes and by then we cannot credibly speak of the same species, as much as we cannot call our underground dwelling, rodent like ancestor to be " us". IMO of would need at least *that* level of change and probably more to create an intelligent creature capable of traversing the cosmos. 
It would most *certainly* not be us, it can very well not be our descendants (another evolutionary line ascends into self consciousness and creative intelligence, maybe somewhere else in the cosmos too).
@_date: 2018-08-20 13:34:50


Of course they won't. They'll merely buy it using a spending asset. It's silly to use an asset that long term increases over another that long term decreases in value.
Obviously people think that precious metals are not as well situated to buy things over cash, it's not that they specifically think the inflation rate of USD (or whichever) they mostly think that one appreciates in value long term and the other doesn't.
Which is why BTC would not replace inflationary currencies, people would prefer to spend them whenever they can and hold on to their BTC.
@_date: 2018-08-05 17:25:03


That is no what I said at all. I said that people have ulterior motives, I.e. they do one thing to achieve another. It's psychology 101 (not philosophy BTW), I don't think it's possible to understand humans differently, because evidently they aren't (unlike most creatures we plan ahead)


Again, it is not a matter of opinion. Inside trading is probably the most lucrative endeavor. Causing an event and then inside trade based on it is one of the easiest ways to get rich / escape looming debt.
Look for example all the hatchet pieces looking to manipulate the stock market . They are literally funded by people with short positions. Imagine what would those people would do if they had an even more powerful tool to influence price action.


Easy, he wouldn't have to have most of the hashpower himself. He can create a dark pool, advertise it as "a way to get even", so any disgruntled miner may get in on it in the hopes to make his/her lost money back.
Attacking bitcoin when its defenses would be weakened *and* a lot of people are looking to make back their costs may be far easier than we currently think. In fact it has already happened in several sh!tcoins this -current- bear, within the last few months.
Granted Bitcoin is not necessarily a sh!tcoin but the mechanism stands, and in a crisis it may well get in motion.
Hard fork cannot be considered because miners would literally revolt. So seriously, there must be *some* solution in case the Bitcoin network becomes open to attacks...
@_date: 2018-09-13 07:17:23
Anything that requires trust , requires a token. The token is what pays those who secure the block chain, and would be bought by those that want said blockchain secure.
The point that blockchains can only ever be used for money, espoused by maximalists is trite. Most of everything that perpetually needs 3rd parties to ensure security and trust need a block chain which is hell of a lot. Blockchains automate trust, which is a huge industry.
Money is the easiest use case one can think of. But most of everything that requires ownerships, public policy, laws, news reporting. Any sort of information that has to be communicated in a trusted, public, unalienable (for past transactions) medium can better be done on a block chain.
Of course 51% has to become insanely expensive in those block chains and better, more automatic forms of private key security should arise (so that you won't need 3rd parties to truly secure your private key).
@_date: 2018-08-26 19:47:02
Yes and as long as miners' and BTC interests align BTC will continue being safe.
If for some reason at some point this alignment breaks though ... even for a short while...
Decentralization affords you to "do business" even in a hostile environment. BTC is quite centralized meaning that in a hostile environment, truly hostile environment we can't know how it will play out.
True decentralization would allow us to not care about miners' motives. Even Ill motivated ones would had been cancelled out by the well motivated ones...
Time will tell how important (de)centralization is. No?
@_date: 2018-08-29 20:27:07
If PoW decentralizes you cannot "bomb a few facilities".
There are ways to decentralize PoW, say only allow commoditized hardware to mine by making the algorithm arbitrarily complex.
PoW does use a lot of energy but that's pretty much what secures the network (the energy that goes into PoW). Give me an alternative that is sure to work and I will concede defeat. Until then PoW is king. 
If something is easy to produce/validate , it is easy to hack/disrupt. That's the rule of thumb. PoW is artificially hard. If anything it has to become harder (I.e. disallow specialized hardware) but that is another topic altogether.
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:38:49
Nope can't travel the world, can't raise kids properly, can't be the person you want , can't really reach the upper echelons of education. Money or rather resources is most of everything, everything else is still available whether you have money or not. I agree with u/rapgab that that's what rich people tell to the poor (you don't need riches to be happy... Actually you do, all studies show that poor people are overwhelmingly more anxious and lead far harder and shorter lives)
@_date: 2018-09-19 16:30:11
No they are. I just gave you point by point how they are and have been in the past.
You expressing an article of faith (I.e. that those two would work inversely), I am telling you what have happened thus far (I.e. the two are definitely correlated , at least macroscopically speaking).
People invest in Cryptos when the stock market gets too predictable and boring. They invest in Cryptos for some excitement and greater gains.
What you say may happen. We are not there yet. We are in a speculative market still that shows little to no signs of maturity. The last runnup and consequent crash were a testament to that. Heck just few weeks ago bitcoin lost 1/6th of its value in a few hours. 
Nobody is seeing it as a hedge against the market. Ideally and in time they would , not yet and most possibly not in 2020 either. Cryptos need at least another decade, become more mainstream and accepted, have actually working products that most people can access, etc... Until then we are in a pump and dump rollercoaster... Sorry. Nothing too serious is happening in this market. 
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:22:28
If difficulty lowers it will also make the cost of attack lower...
Nuclear Physics!
@_date: 2018-08-16 21:11:12
Embargoing pretty much everything, closing up Venezuela from the markets.
That and Maduro being Maduro (it takes two to tango :p )
@_date: 2018-08-24 01:39:57
Yeah, so beautiful, folding at home lost half of its prowess because the sh*tcoins that were used to pay folders have gone to hell. People may die by the research not done due to Stanford losing half of its folding prowess, but of well, it doesn't matter as long as it makes people in r/Bitcoin happy for their investment it's all fine.
Point is , this summer was catastrophic to both terrible projects (the vast majority of them) and life saving ones (compute coins for example). I would think that a selection process would exist to this deflation, but no, projects are being destroyed indiscriminately ... IMO that's sad, not something to celebrate.
@_date: 2018-08-02 03:26:34
The public cannot own anything, it is not a person.
I mean as absurd as it may be to give characteristics of a person to a company, it is equally absurd to give it to a population.
Unless you meant that each individual has a share of said public company. But in that case too it is possible that it is not an ideal situation. What if the company goes under, would they pay their fair share?
I still have issues with ideologies that regard groups of diverse peoples having similar characteristic as if they were a person...
We are social creatures, we are not *that* social. Those ideologies have bees in mind or an ant colony, not people.
@_date: 2018-08-20 11:01:33
It is deflationary in nature, people will hoard it no matter what...
If SN really wished to make a currency should had made it less scarce.
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:47:00
Actually the military is backed by a vibrant economy which the US has and the Soviets didn't. Even if the USD wen't caput the military would still be paid in America because of how much wealth goes around, doesn't matter the currency.
The Soviets were simply broke AF. Not much wealth generation to back their military.
So yeah, the actual economy props up the military, and the military props up the currency which is *one* of the reasons that US has/had a vibrant economy compared to the rest of the world almost consistently for the last century or so.
@_date: 2018-08-05 19:44:48
IMO anti-bitcoin is anything that may not prepare it for a crisis. They should down vote themselves then if that is their modus operati.
Hashing power is a double edged sword, it always was. It is not me being prophetic saying that some of it will eventually turn hostile (or at least try to), I've seen it happening on sh*tcoins and sh!tcoins is a microcosmic version of Bitcoin , many of the tropes we see there can well transition to Bitcoin if the conditions are ripe.
@_date: 2018-08-28 04:12:31
Bullish headlines are back in the fore. Time to short...
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:37:09
If Bitcoin ETFs were to be similar to Gold ETFs , then financial institutions are going to employ some sort of fractional reserve.
Normally this is a scam, but in this case it does benefit Bitcoin as indeed those institutions would not need to hoard too many bitcoins to satisfy their customers.
@_date: 2018-08-15 17:14:31
Bots and whales would always buy some amount no matter the market, I'm talking about us the relatively small fish. For "us" buying the dip in bear markets is stupid...
@_date: 2018-08-11 06:38:57
Actually that's not true. It's backed by the legitimate fear of people that US would f*ck them up if they do not accept it.
It's backed by military might, i.e. fear. I can see few things as powerful as to back your currency with.
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:01:27
Heh, I am working on a much better paid project than most of anything Apple could pay me. I don't need to do that. I am merely trying to open your eyes to the reality.
Now for a solid few posts I am telling you of iPhone level breakthroughs but you keep ignoring them so I will try for one last time, hopefully this time it will go though.
The big breakthrough of the original iPhone was the use of the capacitive screen. But the capacitive screen itself was not a breakthrough merely its implementation.
Nowadays Apple has made two similar breakthrough that were both hard to be invented but also implemented. One is "look to unlock" which is at least 2 years ahead of the competition, the second is "desktop grade" performance which is probably 3 years ahead.
The first gives you the sense that you use something from the future and cannot ever return to anything like pin or fingerprint sampling. The second allows things that where unavailable on phones, like DSLR grade, AI assisted photography (real time photo editing), video editing that seems to be extremely popular with the younger generation, console grade gaming.
Suddenly your phone can do things that used to be only available to desktop computers and in fact it does more. It starts taking sales from larger computers and becomes more and more indispensable to people.
The original iPhone while neat, it.was.not indispensable. This is all "new Apple", iPhone level breakthrough. Similar breakthroughs are happening to iPads (finally useful as a professional tool for both sound and image artists), to AOI PCs (workstation PC that you can take with you, I.e. iMac Pro) etc.
Apple does things that were deemed impossible. This time not by combining extant ideas but by actually freaking inventing them.
Like I said, we will look back at this era and understand it as Apple's golden age. It is so sad that you cannot see it...
@_date: 2018-08-03 23:55:52


Inside trade based on the event they (will) cause and on the price action they anticipate to create.
@_date: 2018-08-28 03:38:02
No I'm not a trader. I only trade when clear trends form. 8 times of 10 I don't trade. But if something is clear I'm not going to hodl through it I'm sorry. I accumulate. One way is buying through the downtrend, a better way is shorting through the downtrend.
@_date: 2018-08-10 05:00:41
Seriously if that move (Nov-Dec) didn't happen we'd still be good. It spoilt a 2 years bull market (bull markets can last a solic decade if they do not go completely bananas like that Nov-Dec run did).
In fact in early Dec I could not move from sadness, I knew that the market became open season to manipulators by moving so suddenly up , and liquidating longs would crash the market.
Longs are still near all time high territory, those are the fuel of the bear. If we do not see longs subsiding to the levels before the Nov-Dec run every rally would be a failed one. Just way too much "meat" for bears to pass up.
Honestly the massive level in longs we are *still* experiencing points to a continuation of the bear. Be hopeful that longs would start subsiding, without subsistence bears will get lost. It's not that they hate the market, it's mostly that they found easy money in those perma bulls longing bitcoin...
@_date: 2018-08-21 20:06:07
Ha, you may be surprised.
Last delay was "priced in" too. It went us from 8k to 5.9k (eventually).
@_date: 2018-08-13 20:01:15
It was only the 3rd failed rally. Most people were sure that we go to 20k and beyond in this one. 
It was a seriously contrarian prediction. Likewise most think that 6k will hold which is why it won't.
I'm basically shorting the market from 8k to now. My shorts hardly affect the market (whales move it), but I do make a bank by how easy is it to predict... obviously I will long if a legit bull run starts (not in 2018)
@_date: 2018-08-21 13:44:31
If you mine with the most efficient miner it is guaranteed money. Once you sell, you "taint" the market and efficiency tends to the efficiency standards your new machine just set.
All the while mining yourself + selling your older miners it gives you two sources of income. One is guaranteed (you mine quite above the efficiency average of the market) and the other not so (in case of a downtrend your sales will go down, even if you were selling the more efficient miners).
In other words, monopolies or semi monopolies on the mining world almost ensures "foul play" by the manufacturers. After all you have to test your miner before relaxing it to the public. Why should not let the test complete a few months after what it is necessary? You are still selling the previous model (in an uptend) or maybe you don't (in a downtrend), but then again your more efficient model would not be selling too well in a downtrend either...
@_date: 2018-08-24 15:00:17
No, not for public money. You need a custodian for those.
I have to admit though, if one does not believe that Bitcoin has to become mainstream would be against such vehicles. The point of Bitcoin is to be peer to peer money, geek money in other words so there is only so far it can penetrate society currently.
So I say, instead of allowing for these vehicles to pass, wait for another generation for the majority of society to catch up and only then allow Bitcoin to fulfill its purpose. I.e. a payment system that is refuge from financial crises and the arbitrary printing of money...
Really, at this juncture it's an "either, or" proposition. You don't want custodians? Fine, most big money won't play in this game them. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 11:31:23
Remember kids. Buy high sell low :p
Alts for the significant majority of each year are losing compared to BTC. After a significant amount of time of losing (4-6 months) they jump in price in a course of a week, only to resume losing for the next few months.
Point is that in just that 1 week alts can regain everything they lost in several months . Their volume is so low that it is easy to push their prices sky high . We are 4 months in Bitcoin Season (this one started May 5th), IMO it's silly to sell alts now, as long as you care about your BTC holdings I mean.
I prefer to sell my alts during those "rally weeks" (that happen semi randomly) so that I may get more BTC. If I was selling them randomly I would had lost rather than gained from alts.
So don't disagree, sell them. Just not now. You just made some whales happy...
@_date: 2018-08-03 12:48:59
Sure it can. If it is proven insecure (51% attacks end up being a bigger nuisance and/or it is hard to secure it against a quantum attack) or if people stop using it, a bit of how ARPAnet was replaced by the Internet.
If you are serious about the asset you are holding be a grown up about it. Everything can and does die, the question is whether it will happen short term, medium term or far in the future...
@_date: 2018-08-28 16:58:42
November can't come any sooner so that inane posts like that would stop. Thankfully they have already stopped in alts, Bitcoin is a bit of a laggard in this but November is coming...
@_date: 2018-08-29 14:27:36
In assets w no fundamental value (I.e. speculative ones) that is the real strategy. Buy the trend: if it is in a bull market buy, if it is in a bear market sell...
During a bull 10000 is cheap because you may never again have the chance to buy at that price, during a bear 7000 may be expensive because you *know* you most possibly going to buy more cheaply if you wait a bit.
Obviously this is not true during times of reversal (we may be in one flight now, who knows). But it is generally true, like 9 times out of 10.
So depending on the timing Constanza is probably right and you should do as he did.
@_date: 2018-08-01 00:39:37






At 50% of the hashrate, the miner has 100% of double spending possibility forever (many people call this the 51% attack).
@_date: 2018-08-24 13:39:25
Wow, that's easily one of the most terrible ideas I have heard thus far.
So you will have a centralized party which gathers all the bitcoin from the donations and then decided when (and whether) should desiminate it to folders?
Honestly, you see no issues with that?
No, instead you put a fixed mechanism that pays folders *no matter what*. One that needs no human interaction. In fact that's *exactly* one of the innovations of Bitcoin. You need to have no human interaction for money sensitive operations.
Bitcoin is terrible for charity, it was not built for that. Which is exactly why its code was open source, so that to be modifed and one may be able to make a specialized coin.
In this case the charity aspect of the coin is in the *code*, from the get go. No need of 3rd parties. Just fold, use the right username and get rewarded automatically. A sort of smart contract.
Bitcoin donations cannot work like that because you do not have control of the supply. Honestly you must see this. There is a *need* for specialized coins, not very widespread, but definite.
@_date: 2018-08-01 06:06:24
Again, it does not start pumps on its own.
A move starts and after a few days tether prints.
Tether is always printed during periods were higher volume is expected. 
There is an obvious correlation between the two, but that does not imply causation.
Tether won't save you now. ETF speculation is going down and the market with it. Even if tether were to be printed now the market would still go down. Tether cannot reverse bear markets.
@_date: 2018-08-06 13:53:14


Again you think of mining in its current form. I am thinking more along the terms of mining replacing advertising in major websites or apps. Say you visit Facebook or Netflix.
The default choice is to loan at least some of your power to mine BTC (or whatever) and Facebook (or whoever) is paid through your computer resources instead of ads.
That will make for much cleaner browsing. Of course you may give too much power to big corps, but since the popular websites and apps are too many , none of those individual " pools" would be enough to attack the network, also they would have no inventive as they would have no electricity or other mining costs to pay.
Granted the resources used should be balanced else it would kill your phone's batterries. But using only 10% of the power of 3 billion phones per day (say in Facebook's case) won't be a trivial source of income, especially if only CPUs can vote in said system.
Basically mining is embedded in every piece of software in a manner that does not kill autonomy.
So no lawsuits to Facebook for being creepy either (although they can choose to sell -still- individual data to advertisers, but the need would be far less pressing).
No amount of old laptops would be able to compete with phones being almost as powerful as them but being in the billions
@_date: 2018-08-02 03:33:28
Heh, maximalism is such a funny ideology. I mean it goes counter to the history of technology and indeed one of the reasons that Bitcoin was open source to begin with (so that anyone can try to create their own version of a blockchain) but that doesn't prevent some people to have religious adherence to it...
@_date: 2018-08-18 09:05:45
I said low volatility would be good for bitcoin. I.e. if bitcoin can be trusted by vendors, suppliers, consumers.
The price of bitcoin is secondary, it pays for its security so obviously it should not go too low, but whether it is 100000 or 1 million is completely secondary, yes.
@_date: 2018-08-14 09:24:11
That's because the blockchain is expressingly about trust less trust, not efficiency.
If you can find an application where trust less trust is important then the block chain is important.
If you think that traditional banking institutions are trustworthy then indeed itnosnall you need. For many they aren't, either too high high fees (in simpler cases) or straight up confiscation (in more complex cases).
In other words it is an alternative to the money system as it is express today, not a continuation which is why it doesn:'t have to beat it in things like efficiency for the time being.
@_date: 2018-08-18 15:34:45
Permissioned blockchains ... Mmm, like a regular database, only orders of magnitude slower and equally insecure.
It is as if some people *want* to be remembered as the ones making the next "640k of RAM ought to be enough for everyone" kind of statement.
It's funny really, it shows also that we are still very early in this technology's life. The field would start maturing if boneheaded comments like the above would become something of a rarity.
@_date: 2018-08-13 21:48:56
Yeah those who sold BTC to buy Turkish Lira are better off. That's how BTC is right now...
@_date: 2018-08-03 03:47:34
There is no resistance until 6k. It's a terrible idea to buy right now unless there is a good reason (say ETFs are not delayed, like the current price action expects them to).
Even at 6k I would be very skeptical before buying. If we break it reliably we go to 3k without much resistance in between.
@_date: 2018-08-29 15:18:50
I am not deflecting I just told you two breakthroughs that were impossible to age old Apple. You don't see it because you are not the target (audience) yet. The target audience did see them and pushed the sales/profits in an era of a downtrend.
Like I said, Apple is at its most innovative right now. More patents than ever and doing things that are generally though impossible by the industry.
The company has entered its golden age once its founder croaked. Wouldn't believe it at the time, but it is true. Your initial statement is factually incorrect. The "caretakers" are the ones that this company was built for (they are not really caretakers, they are 2nd generation which is almost always more powerful than the 1st generation).
@_date: 2018-08-28 01:09:16
I am not using TA. I am using average prices over long periods of time. I am not using anything else which would be considered TA. I am not painting arbitrary lines, I am simply making an observation: any time that the last 50 days of Bitcoin was worse than the last 200 days of bitcoin it meant one of two things. Either buyers had fled (Mt Gox events) or too much selling (end of Bitcoin's first true rally in 2011).
Whatever's the case when that happens to Bitcoin in particular it takes time for the situation to reverse. By observing this allowed me to short bitcoin successfully. I mean I could be in the hodl group like many here seem to be and losing money like crazy but I am not.
Obviously Bitcoin is going up long term (unless something catastrophic happens) but until then I am going to accumulate any way possible, I am sorry, I am not going to hodl during downtrends. Sometimes accumulating bitcoin is shorting in its temporary way down and then rebuying when buyers finally return. 
Moving averages can tell you things in a way that news arbitrary lines and memes cannot. And yes I was in the market during the 2014 crash too. Unless something happens I believe this one would last less, still doesn't stop me from accumulating in this period. Being a permabull (like some people here) can only harm oneself.
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:46:01


A truly general purpose problem would *have to* continuously evolve. Else , no matter how complex, it would be single purpose, essentially, and obviously you can build a computer for that.
General purpose computers were built because of how unpredictable "the next problem" can/would be. In case of everyday machines it is unpredictable because the end user is unpredictable. In case of a puzzle of which results would feed into the hashing algorithm it can be unpredictable because a seed can be used (say the transaction hash each 2016 blocks) to randomize the workload and use all kinds of problems that you can only solve "fast" only if you have said modules embedded on your ASIC, **effectively turning your single purpose computer into general purpose**.


If what I wrote above works there would be a race to make the most efficient general purpose computer possible. That would be useful not only to miners but all kinds of professionals, or students, or academics , or, or.... That's an important parameter that you insist in keeping out. What that would cause is greater demand of those computers from *non-miner* during market downturns, and a greater demand of those from miners during an uptrend. This would disseminate the existence of miners to a diverse group of peoples.
The above fact plus the relative complexity of the production would make it impossible for one group or the other to dominate the market (there would be demand from all over the place). A bit of what happened with GPUs, only more decisevely and built from the ground up for both mining and compute. You can see that GPU mined coins are still profitable to all sorts of people *despite the fact that we are in a downtrend* while ASIC mined ones aren't. It is this effect that I wanna magnify by purposefuly building for this from the ground up (i.e. the most efficient compute chip which would be useful to all sorts of people, not just miners. A sort of an FPGA but with far more support for all sorts of uses).
@_date: 2018-08-27 14:24:26
Heh, I eat people like you for breakfast :p
You made the mistake to only read one sentence of mine. If you had actually read the rest you would see what I was talking about:
So I'm going to restate it:
Average cost of mined $ (in megaJoules) goes up each year even if you take newer equipment in account.
The rising hashrate in this case is counter evidence , eventually a lot of that hashrate will turn hostile so that to survive.
@_date: 2018-08-01 21:39:40


Actually it is strengthened. Like I said it will most probably happen at least once. There is no asset that long term goes up and only up. That was the reality of the first 10 years of bitcoin, but it is not sustainable. It's a new tech so it had disrupting growth. There will be a time (at least once, like I said) that won't be so. Look at the gold Chart right now. Went to incredible highs in 2013 and it is down now for 5th year in a row and it is multitrillion asset. If the *exact same thing* happened to Bitcoin (at some point in the not too distant future) it would had been open to an attack because there is the added complication of (idle) miners. So it is not a question of if , it is a question of when, given that it is the kind of price action we saw in a very comparable asset... and we are not ready for that


Not I , it is the technology that gives me the chance to be convinced of it. Great thing about technology and math is that they can predict a certain future quite accurately.
For one the fact that in case of a 51% attack full nodes won't save you. They'd be weak spectators. As for the attack itself you go it by the book: 
Last time it happened to verge it showed its price cut in half . If someone was inside trading at  that point made quite a buck *not* by the attack itself, but by the uproar it caused.
*Exactly* how it can happen to bitcoin if it follows the Gold chart at least once in its lifetime (IMO exteremly probable).
Basically sitting (idle) hashpower lowers the bar of entry to an attack to almost 0. That is what I'm afraid. All 51% articles would tell you that "it is not economical". Yet in case bitcoin follows some of the features of Gold's price action (long term) not only would it be economical, but it would be very lucrative compared to the alternative (mining).
**edit:** Point is -actually- to not be an alarmist, but rather have an automatic way to deal with a possible attack in case difficulty goes way down and stays down (implying that the sitting SHA256 hasing power is higher than the mining one, therefore a vector of attack).
@_date: 2018-08-25 20:16:53
The best selling mobile computer (excluding phones) at this point. 
A giant lost chance for Google who thought that netbooks is the future (which is why their god awful Chromebooks cannot even touch iPad sales).
@_date: 2018-08-11 11:56:41


Is your profit enough to fund the optimization of a googol of variants? By "too expensive" I meant impossibly expensive.
You pretty much have to build a general purpose computer that is more optimized than current general purpose computers.
It does happen, but it happens slowly following Moore's law. IPC is stagnant for almost a decade, nodes shrink far less frequently.
As for the rest of your post I cannot answer, you said that one algorithm is still "one algorithm" and I said "no it isn't" (at least not in practice) if it is self reprogrammable. I don't see how I misquoted you. Right now all you have to do is optimize for SHA 256. What I am describing for you is having to optimize for a trillion variants of sha 256, and then some more for several memory hard algorithms, and then some for compute hard algorithms. Since ASICs are basically integrated circuits fitted to a specific algorithm, you would have to build ICs for a billion trillion algorithms, good luck with that.
@_date: 2018-08-26 10:34:29
I don't own an iPad or anything Apple. I am just pointing to netbook, I mean chromebook, sales. Most of everything comes from closed doors contracts that Google did with American institutions.
Nobody is touching this sh*t in this side of the world. All you need to see is sales. Google tries to take us 10 years in the past. What a disgrace.
@_date: 2018-08-06 11:16:34
Like I said I do not have the answer in that. All I did was to create a proof of concept where the hashing algorithm changes enough "each round". Would you be able to optimize for that?
It all depends on what exactly the building blocks of your multipuzzler is. I can't exclude using ever changing variations of memory hard operations if that is what does the trick.
But ultimately -IMO- the best solution would be " one CPU, one vote" if that is technically possible of course.
Asic resistance is a very exciting landscape for research *because* there are no answers yet. "How can you build a non-optimizable hashing algorithm" should be the question. IMO a miultipuzzler of sorts is the closest I can come up to an answer.
But as far as finding a solution to this issue , it is far from a closed and shut issue as the article implies. If anything it is crucial that we solve this issue, else most of the ingenuity regarding PoW would go out of the window eventually (if enough centralization is achieved)...
@_date: 2018-08-04 14:35:02
God! Bitcoin hated this news, it is crashing (again).
Like another user said "I know that markets are irrational, but this particular one is retarded"
It goes to show why Bitcoin ETFs get rejected. A maket that is as arbitrary reeks manipulation. IMO that *is* a problem to Bitcoin's wider adoption.
@_date: 2018-08-30 14:54:34
That's empirically incorrect. 
The most efficient, complex least specialized machines are owned by the masses (general purpose computers) in the form of phones, cpus, gpus and workstations, while the simplistic more specialized ones are owned by a small minority of professionals which are located in certain places of the world and not others.
You basically make it hard to make a miner therefore only companies that also have other businesses can only create them (and also sell them as general purpose computers in downturns). That's the general idea.
@_date: 2018-08-10 09:47:41


"The market cap" of a paying currency is tied to its volume, i.e. use
So the dollar has the highest market cap but also the highest volume of transactions worldwide
Bitcoin's volume for transactions (in regards of the buying of goods or services) is similar to a small countries' total use of currency. Say Swedish krona, Around 7 billion usd worth in circualtion. That's an order of magnitude less than the circulating supply of/for Bitcoin, since very few buy and hold physical Swedish krona notes, I can make an educated guess in saying that that 7 Billion USD is what is needed for the functioning of the swedish economy in so far transacting goods goes.
Even if you take fractional reserve banking in mind, it still comes way below Bitcoin's total market cap. Meaning that most of bitcoin's value is most certainly *not* derived by its every day use, but rather through speculation (long term inverstors hardly change the value day to day). Therefore -yes- I do beilieve that what we currently see as the USD worth of Bitcoin is mostly fluff, it will be proven so if we see a further slide to 3k or lower (meaning that -still- most of the value is derived by speculation).
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:30:16
Asics cause centralization. Decentralization defends the network not hashrate.
@_date: 2018-08-04 12:59:45
The market was so happy to hear those news that it just lost another 5% (on top of the already significant losses)
...basically why ETFs are not going to happen. The market moves according to manipulation, not news, or "non predictable things".
After settling the 8500 high, the market was dead set to complete the formation of 3 lower highs and it did just that. It couldn't be bothered by pesky things like *actual adoption*
IMO the only great thing about this is that it *will* hopefully bring adoption, so naked manipulation like the one that is happening currently would be more expensive to pull of and some of the bad actors would simply give up.
@_date: 2018-08-04 15:40:11
You were lucky...
@_date: 2018-08-08 11:21:32


Actually there are many non deterministic algorithms than can remain non-deterministic as long as the seed is honest


Again, optimize for what? Memory hard operations? Maybe computational power, maybe high bandwidth operations, how about something that needs high (external) storage?
The parameters can be many and the end result can be so convoluted that to be able to optimize for it would be a pipe dream.
Say a memory hard operation which pipes its result to a computational heavy operation which pipes its result to something that need high amounts of storage.
Obiously you can build a computer which can be great at all those things at once. But it would be expensive, and scacely competing with the mass produced computers, even phones of late (in per W metrics). Because guess what, that 's exactly what our personal computers are ("optimized" to run as many kinds of operations as possible).
@_date: 2018-08-28 21:00:31
It isn't if you do not live in certain very specific places of the world. The more hashrate is added at these prices the more centralized the Bitcoin network becomes (less and less places can run it with a profit).
IMO it is not necessarily good news. Hashrate increase in bear markets prices out diversity.
@_date: 2018-08-17 22:50:26
Shares of Gold are/were often double owned.
In case we have this to Bitcoin it will greatly benefit it as the amount of *actual* bitcoins those institutions will own will probably be less than the demand thus they will have relatively little bitcoin and thus not be able to manipulate the bitcoin economy. But they will have enough to stabilize the prices. At least that's the hope.
I think I am/was clear enough.
@_date: 2018-08-24 12:44:14
It's actually exactly where it was this time last year. 1 billion PPD and slowly losing.  Similar issues happened to gridcoin as well (coin which is given as a reward to those that give their compute to scientific research).
In general I'd expect that philanthropic coins would survive this summer. Nope, people just don't give a f. All they care is getting their lambos and if they can't they will abandon any project, no matter how much good was it doing to the world. 
FoldingCoin for example lost 80% of its worth in just one month. In the same month bitcoin only lost 25%. Meaning people are caring for investment and what will get them to the moon rather than actual charity and giving to the less fortunate (via helping research).
@_date: 2018-08-05 06:10:20
Those are very weak computers.
Single purpose computers are far weaker than their multi purpose cousins in affecting the world. I guess those ones can only do so via Bitcoin's reach (if Bitcoin truly changes the world in a lasting manner) but not in any other way.
Also computers cannot find solutions in non problems (you cannot travel faster than time/events, if it was possible then at least something would had achieved it already and we wouldn't be living in a causal universe. There is a reason why FtL travel is a sci-fi concept (with "fi" being the operative word in this instance)
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:29:38


No we don't. You're talking about 100% CPU usage being done to only a few CPUs. Of course it would suck
I am talking about the opposite. 5-10% happening on phones by Billions of people. In fact more cpu is being used currently to show all those useless animated ads that barely bring any return.


Again same caliber of performance:
You must know by now that Intel can't compete on the mobile space for a reason. All the best engineers are in mobiles CPUs. Soon they'll surpass laptop CPUs in many types of calculations. It only took them a decade to catch up...
@_date: 2018-08-05 07:02:14
It would be easier than that. If say bitcoin falls way lower than it is currently, a lot of this hashpower will turn shockingly unprofitable so naturally they will stop mining and probably try to sell the miner. But since noone would have them the worth of the miners would fall way below than what they cost currently. 
So some guy buys 10 EH/s worth of power for 30 million USD (buys it for almost nothing by the dismayed miners) and then launches an attack. 10 EH/s may be enough if difficulty goes 1/5th of what is currently, inside trades based on the fallout of the attack and makes back much more than anything he paid for the miners + electricity
In general , great amounts of hashing power is a double edge sword. In good days they secure the network, in bad days they may be used to attack the network. The rise of the worldwide hashing power is a decisively neutral event. Nothing to celebrate (*or* whine) about. It all depends on the context.
@_date: 2018-08-03 03:37:32
If it goes to 1k and stays there most hashpower around the world will shut off. Some of it will probably take advantage of the low difficulty and attack the network so that to make some of its losses back (via inside trading )
With 50 EH/s worldwide hashpower for sha256 , trust me you don't want bitcoin back to $1000. You need to keep them occupied with mining , because at $1K even with difficulty adjustment, most of them won't be mining, believe me.
If bitcoin goes to $1k and stays there, there may not be Bitcoin to invest to to begin with...
@_date: 2018-08-26 16:46:09
About 20. 2 designers, 20 manufacturers and a well defined world wide market.
A stark contrast to an industry where the designer , manufacturer and often distributor is the same guy.
@_date: 2018-08-10 23:11:14
No it can't. USD is basically the global currency. If US loses its position as the defacto and only superpower then yes, I can see it happening. Average life of an empire as a world leader is 200-250 years, so on average USD would have no significant issues until 2150 at least.
Obviously long term it will, but most possibly not in our lifetimes. In fact it *is* in hyperinflation (as far as the printing of new money goes) for the last decade or so yet it barely loses value. If anything it gains as compared to other currencies all the while new money is being typed like crazy effectively making US that much richer in the process...
@_date: 2018-08-24 15:26:02
Most of everything is being funded through those "small boosts". Gold became a multi trillion asset through such a " small boost".
It depends what you mean by using the word "small". It the long term, if you zoom out, certainly it may seem " small". But it may be a necessary step as much as the first exchanges and the first cryptomarkets where (despite people being against even to them)...
@_date: 2018-08-23 22:09:59
Lol the market is gonna get rekt... Once again. Even the SEC is trolling us at this point.
@_date: 2018-08-23 23:04:37
All top 10 coins from that period survived and most either almost revisited or surpassed their highs in the most recent bull.
But all that is irrelevant anyhow. I was talking of reaching zero (something that has not happened to them) not in a straight line but with bounces along the way. Which is what you see even to those coins that are no more. You sell at the bounces not  after a 4 month ceaseless downtrend.
@_date: 2018-08-28 20:03:45
One year from BTC's parabolic rise. Once we reach (mid) November we'd see less and less posts like the above (because no way would we be besting that time's prices by then).
@_date: 2018-08-11 21:13:55
Just saying that this kind of optimism is actually hurting a recovery. Recoveries do not happen when you can read optimistic articles... It means that the price has not gone low enough ...
@_date: 2018-08-29 17:44:40
No I am typing so long replies so that I may give you no chance to make the type of comment you just made. I pretty much took all legitimacy away from you by backing everything I said.
I can give you links to pretty much everything I said. For example that the original iPhone was not a really a breakthrough (there was already similar solutions the original iPhone was merely better at small things), or the fact that Apple was not going too well for the next 2-3 years after Jobs death (the intermittent period).
I can back it up by available cash (the most profitable company in the world rn), by the fact that there is still nothing in the horizon even mimicking what apple did on the sensors and CPU front and so much more.
I pretty much dismantle your position point by point. All that you have remaining is ad hominems, I blew you out of the water. Just admit it and move on.. 
@_date: 2018-08-21 11:25:04
Or maybe they do and do the most efficient thing a for profit company would do. Use it to mine themselves. Why should you sell a miner unless you have a better one? It makes no economical sense.
@_date: 2018-08-31 07:51:46


More common but also more scarce. Just because something can be had by more people doesn't mean that it can be produced in equally high numbers as long as the complexity of the hardware is hard enough.
So yes common, but also relatively scarce. This artificial scarcity would disallow difficulty to skyrocket. It will reach a relatively high number but then taper off, very much unlike what we have with simplistic SHA 256 miners which seemingly will never taper off as long as you have free or near free electricity. 
Pretty much the only thing that keeps difficuty to go up even faster is the lack of more competitors. Imagine if Samsung and similarly big companies enter the race. The network would centralize in an unbelievable degree. Basically only 2-3 places in the world would be capable of hosting miners (due to the extremely cheap electricity).
I cannot think of anything that can cause a more aggressive centralization other than easy to produce miners.


Obviously you won't randomize the validation method. For that you'd use one of the established methods, you'd randomize the puzzle that would need to be solved first so that to create the input of your validation method.
In other words you create a problem that only general purpose computers can solve. The solution of that problem would be fed as input to the validation algorithm. So basically you only add one more level of analysis which basically turns the issue from "single purpose" to general purpose. The validation would still be single purpose computing, i.e. you would still need to find an X amount of zeros (say) in the end of each block (or what have you). You'd merely be unable to feed the method with arbitrary hashes, i.e. as it is done now (instead the hashes would only be valid if produced by the said general purpose pipe first).
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:00:53
I was trying to explain how it is possible that those coins can actually be expensive. Past performance does not predict future performance. I'm "here" since 2011...
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:18:01
Used to believe that too, but never did Apple products were as clearly better as they are now. In both tablets phones and AIO PCs they are clearly the best option hardware wise and sales wise. If anything they look to increase the distance from the rest (in sales) in those categories...
@_date: 2018-08-27 14:33:37
We are not seeing ATH in 2018 and most probably not in 2019 either.
We had two bears thus far in Bitcoin history (bearish cross of the 50 SMA against the 200 SMA). None recovered in anything less than 18 months. The selling pressure is much greater and if the market so much pretends to go up massive sell walls prevent it. The market is capped for the time being.
We had 3 lower lows thus far and slowing volume. All extremely bearish signs. The ~6k mark held, but even that may be broken eventually. If it does this bear will probably last longer than 2014-2015's
@_date: 2018-08-12 08:13:56


Well that's the part that I call childish. While it does help that *others* think like that, you, yourself, thinking like that is self destructive.
Once dead the world does not go on, your kids would never grow up, the world won't go on. I know it sounds counter-intuitive, but that's how personal time works.
In other words time is a personal affair always. As far as massless objects are concerned everything is the same moment, but for creatures with mass (i.e. us), time passes according to our understanding. 
It literally does so, which means that if you were frozen to ~0 Kelvin stayed in that state for what the world understands as 1 Billion years and then you were thawed for some reason, from your own perspective less than 1 second passed. It *literally* did.
Time passes according to the complexity of the system you are in. If it's ultra simplistic it doesn't, it freezes, which is why 1 Billion years were 1s for you.
The same happened to your neuronal atoms before they came about and created you, to them every moment from the birth of the universe to your birth were 1 moment, which is why you feel your birth as the start of the universe, because it *literally* is as far as your neuronal atoms are concerned (i.e the ones you understand as "yourself").
Time condenses and extends. Right now you're living your 80-90 years on this earth in an "extended manner", once dead time will -again- condense, you'd be stuck to your last moment forever and ever. 
I'm sorry but that's how time works in my field (Complex Systems which is a subfield of computer science) and unless we are made from something that we are not aware of yet, that's your (and everyone's) fate.
Your belief that the world will go on after your death is a belief in some sort of an afterlife. Not necessarily the religious form of an afterlife, but one that is equally counter to our experimental findings.
It's most possibly silly to leave wealth for your kids because by the time you're dead the world is dead in every important sense... You should be working in allowing the world to live a bit longer, i.e. anti-aging research, which is why I find it incredibly dangerous that people are still convinced by forms of after life, it makes them less interested to the only life they can ever have...
@_date: 2018-08-06 09:21:30
The market disagrees. Once the BAKKT news became known it caused one of the most violent downwards movesi in recent memory. Almost 10% of Bitcoin's value went caput in a few minutes.
Compare this with ETF speculation. 40% increase over the course of a few days.
The market *hates* BAKKT, loves the ETFs and in the end that's what matter, not bloggers' opinions.
@_date: 2018-08-15 14:08:06
I don't call myself a trader, no. I don't usually trade, I just make the obvious moves that everyone should be doing. For one *don't* buy now.
As I said I try to load up as much bitcoin as possible. A bear market is ideal for that. I wouldn't get where I'm standing if I was "buying the dip", that is all I'm saying (i.e. buying the dip in bear markets is stupid)
@_date: 2018-08-30 15:02:34
I don't think that ASICs are ever going to be cheap. It's a close club and "you" are not in it. No need or reason to open it.
Basically what happens is that they produce as much of that stuff as it is possible. Making them relatively easy to get. Since there is a lot of demand from places with cheap electricity prices remains sky high. **This won't be solved by added competition, competition does not dictate prices, demand is**.
In other words demand would always remain sky high as long as there are places with zero or near zero electricity. But even if it was not sky high (the prices I mean) the coin would still be mined in certain places and not other *because of* how easy is it to create a miner.
You have to create an artificial scarcity in miners, i.e. control the supply given that you cannot control the demand. Controlling the supply means creating an algorithm that is complex enough that only very few can , probably the top companies in the world, can only create a miner for it. Given how top end their hardware would be they would be able to sell it for uses other than mining too, actually creating a market of high computation. So when mining is low those devices would be sold for machine learning, computer graphics, protein folding and whatnot and when mining pays they would be sold mostly as miners.
A bit of what happened to the GPU market but more professionally, built from the ground up with mining in mind.
By controlling supply you can have people mining and being profitable in more/most places of the world...
@_date: 2018-08-26 16:47:39
Maybe, it is still an issue though all the same. Two much power in certain zip codes. Maybe they are not in US, they are somewhere else, but the production of new bitcoin is done by certain people, at least the vast majority of them.
@_date: 2018-08-26 16:06:07
Nope didn't happen to Ethereum or Monero. It's inherent to bitcoin because it uses specialized hardware that can only be found in one place of the world.
PoW that uses commoditized hardware can happen anywhere in the world because most of everyone has access to it, not just professional miners...
@_date: 2018-08-13 21:17:07
I'm almost entirely sure that it is down. I've been saying this ever since Winklevii got rejected. The reasons for their rejection were crystal clear and pretty much what will keep institutional investors away for another year at least.
Alts already know that we will accelerate twords zero for a couple of months , so they are zeroing out already. I mean the best platform to build things on the blockchain is almost half than its last year's June high. It was also the one to start 2017's bull run.
Everything reminds me of 2014. Bitcoin sideways or down, alts going to 0...
@_date: 2018-05-25 19:26:21
Yes that that would necessarily change the current environment. I wrote under current environment we are not hitting 10k... Not we "are not hitting 10k ever".
I'm less optimistic than you doesn't mean, though, that you are wrong in your assessment. We may well see a normalisation of the market as in becoming part of the most common investment vehicles. I just cannot put a date to such an event. All I know is that it is not well *currently*.
@_date: 2018-08-03 05:29:38
Back then you didn't have 50 EH/s of sha256 hashing power.


Exactly. Which is what opens it to an attack in case difficulty goes too low.
If difficulty goes too low and stays there it would be easy for a bad actor to attack and you'd have plenty of them now that that install base of SHA256 miners has reached 50 EH/s
@_date: 2018-08-26 03:44:50
BTC is thought a risky asset. In market crashes risky assets get absolutely eviscerated, many don't even survive those downturns.
Bitcoin is/was a summer child. I pray every day that a market crash is not imminent, that -in fact- enough time passes between then and now so that Bitcoin would have enough time to come on its own and finally stop being treated as "a risky asset" in the meantime.
Then and only then could a market crash be proven beneficial to Bitcoin. In any other case it can seriously hurt it , even kill it (if price gets eviscerated sending miners flying and leaving the network unsecured and open to attacks).
@_date: 2018-08-05 06:05:31
Given the downtrend it is a danger right there.
Bitcoin currently uses more than 90% of the worldwide production of SHA256 calculations. In a catastrophic event (say bitcoin goes to 1k and stays there) a lot of those machines would stop securing the network . So eventually the difficulty of finding the next block can go down , maybe even five times as low as it is today in which case *some* of the above power may attempt an attack , not so much to double spend, but mostly to cause an event and inside trade based on its prior knowledge.
IMO it's not necessarily a great news that hashing power increases in a bear market. Some of it may turn hostile...
@_date: 2018-08-02 00:08:40
Mining a bitcoin is pricier than ever.
Meaning that if price goes way down many would feel the need to switch off their machines. In case they do *and* are unable to sell their miners they may feel tempted to attack the network so that to get back some of their losses (via inside trading based on the event they will cause).
Bitcoin miners were never as dangerous as now. If we break their profitability line and go way below than even that, bitcoin is in danger (if we go waaay below, not even difficulty adjustment will save the network).
@_date: 2018-08-15 23:09:10
Wow really?
I must be an idiot to be having a career on complex systems. I should had instead used my time to be idly commenting on reddit like you do.
To be more serious, the ramifications of the non-objectivity of time (I.e. the fact that there is no such thing as a cosmic clock) are huge and it will change our societies immensely. 
I believe by mid century the popular understanding of what death is would be so completely shattered that things like existentialism would see a reemergence.
...most people replaced the religious afterlife myths, with secular afterlife myths. I mean religions did get one thing right (I.e. that we have a personal understanding of life and thus time) and secular thought regressed in that part (imagined an objective reality which is similar to the subjective one, despite time and again science showed the opposite of that, I.e. that an objective reality looks almost nothing like its subjective variant).
I would be happy to know where you disagree, but you do not seem of the agreeable kind, I.e. one who is ready to compare and contrast opinions.
@_date: 2018-08-21 22:13:59
Hehe it would be glorious. My shorts are a-waiting (and then I'll buy more BTC with the extra fiat weak hands will give me for nothing).
Just hope that the market would move accordingly and not in the opposite direction though ( and liquidate my shorts ). It is easily one of the most painful things to see your shorts being liquidated in violent uptrends, though to be fair, since Winklevii got rejected the market is easy money...
@_date: 2018-08-26 14:10:35
No way so close to the last bubble.
bitcoin is in a series of bubbles until it will reach closer to its real value (which is , I'm mostly sure, way higher than today's) which means that there are periods of pumping and periods of bust. We're in the later rather than the former.
"Pump" periods last longer than "bust periods" but they are always slow at first. Which is where I believe we maaaay be standing right now. Which means certainly not this year, probably next year we are revisiting December's highs, but even more probably further than that.
The 50 EMA crossed through the 200 EMA only 3 times (in a downwards fashion).
 Previous two meant more than 18 months until previous highs were revisited, we live through the 3rd such cross. So we probably need to wait at least 18months before December highs are revisited, so 2019 at best. 2018? Minimal chances and those who think that 2018 hold such rally is either drunk or has inside information...
@_date: 2018-08-16 19:29:53
Doubt it. IMO US is at the height of its power. Never before could anyone destroy a nation without even starting a war with it. Venezuela first, Iran second, Turkey third. If you challenge US (or US wants something from you) you get financial war.
Basically one thing that anti EU people in Europe don't get. If you are part of the EU it is far harder to be bullied by one of the strongest powers the world has ever seen....
@_date: 2018-08-21 21:04:22
Dynamite does not print money.
Miners do, what is the point of selling them as long as you can have a guaranteed profit from them.
The math checks out too. A couple of years back I calculated three different scenarios. A sideways market, a bear market and a bull market. In a bull market you defer selling for as long as the profits from selling are greater than mining + holding, which is about the time that that the average cost of a mined bitcoin is about 2/3rds of its price. On a sideways market IIRC correctly the time to sell was if the price of a minted bitcoin is about half that of its market price and on a bear market you'd basically sell every time that you're not making crazy profit, basically while the minted bitcoin is only 2/5th of its market price or more.
Also since your efficiency can easily be twice of the market's in all 3 markets it's typically better to mine until you have the next model to replace your older one. Which is what S9 may well be at this point, I.e. the model that was internally replaced.
Unlike in the case of digging equipment, in this case we have the concept of difficulty which makes it far more profitable to both sell the older equipment and use the newer one . Newer one benefits from the relatively low difficulty, old one is slow profits for you, so you just sell it.
It is basically how I expect the ASIC industry to operate if they are the least bit money savvy.
@_date: 2018-08-01 08:55:01
He he it's funny doe. I mean bitcoin was going up alone all this time and some altcoins were happy to finally decouple from grandaddy. 
And now that Bitcoin is going down altcoins reminded themselves: "you know what? we prefer to be coupled to Bitcoin". All the downside with none of the upside, it must be burning to be holding altcoins at this time of the year...
@_date: 2018-08-10 07:05:49
Its commercial use is still negligible. Most of its current price is supported by speculation. If it was reflective of the fact that it is being used as a currency its price would still be in the low hundreds.
So adoption is important, but at this juncture speculation is more important (to bitcoin's price).
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:37:11


Maybe , but it would take centuries. It's probably the most complex problem worldwide right now. We do not have centuries.
Meant to say that the most efficient "general purpose computers" as in of the general purpose computers the ones that make the most computation for the least energy used is owned by people (most possibly the arm soc within phones is the most computationally intense chip per watt).
It is possible to randomize the puzzle in such a way your computer would have to be capable of solving all kinds of problems. I.e. the opposite of what we have today, not being able to anticipate what will come next therefore it would be very hard to create anything like asic-boost. Instead the miner would have to be a jack of all trades, exactly what phone chips (for example) try to be.
Since those are hard to design and produce in mass numbers (most factories already produce them for consumer electronics) difficulty would not rise as fast meaning that enough people would be able to mine even in places with high electricity prices. Obviously eventually the difficulty will catch up with those high electricity prices but hopefully by then an even better general purpose chip would be available.
Basically you make it hard to create as many chips and as fast so you are slowing down the rise of difficulty, so you give time for folk to keep up pace and not be swamped by people in low electricity areas (there would -simpky- not be enough hardware around the world to increase the difficulty fast enough)...
@_date: 2018-08-19 18:37:34
Destruction of information can come in many forms. One can be crystals, another may be blocking the synapses permanently, another yet, a chemical reaction of unpredictable results.
Yes, some of those may be ... "Resurrected" but in what state? Would you prefer to be permanently damaged because not enough information could be recovered? Say permanently of low IQ and misunderstanding g of how the world works. This is the human brain we are talking after all...
The only solution to come back from the dead is to not allow said damage happen in the first place, I.e. anti-aging medicine, which is barely a proper field at this point (but it needs to be if people really want to be "resurrected" at some point). Proper resurrections happen little by little and over time, they are called rejuvenations. The religious kind wholesale resurrection with Lazarus coming out of his grave and stuff, well, like I said, that 's some sci fi stuff of the intergalactic travel kind ...
@_date: 2018-05-28 02:19:05


Don't own it , don't shill it. Also talked about a myriad other cryptocurrencies. But I guess they're all the same for you


No you can't (see, I can make non-discussion too). 


Did read it. It doesn't. You have no business model if whatever you may build would be useless before it makes ROI. Bitmain would attempt and most probably fail.


It's part of the code's maintenance. Is Bitcoin centralized because of the Segwit upgrade? Whoever doesn't agree can always hard-fork and mine their own chain.


It shows that I'm current and I'm doing research on other attempts on creating a stable cryptocurrency. As far as I'm concerned they're all sh*tcoins at this point in time. None is used for its intended purposes, they're speculation vehicles and centralization may well kill the whole project before becoming mainstream to begin with.
Actually seeing some projects being serious about it makes me a bit more hopeful that cryptos are not a fad. Which is why -unlike you- I'm researching.
And yes the majority of my stake is on Bitcoin, but not for technological reasons. I have a knack in believing in whatever has the greatest social acceptance when coming to new technologies instead of supporting what is the most technologically sound attempt.
It just so happens to be that in most spaces the prime mover is not the one to prevail. But in this instance, it may well be. ~10 years and despite its glaring flaws Bitcoin is stronger than ever. I think it has to do with its community. But I digress we were talking technology here and you have yet to convince me how an ever changing PoW would help centralization...
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:54:57
A, you're of those "conspiracy guys".
Good luck.
BTW I'm also travelling the world since the 1990s ... don't be an ideologue. Just travel, see for yourself. The quality of life in the last 20 years has risen dramatically on both paper and through eye-check.
In raw numbers inequality has risen, but logarithmically speaking the last 20 years (at least) saw probably the greatest rise on basic survival since time immemorial.
@_date: 2018-08-08 11:12:44


There is a great difference between the two. GPU cores are much more simplistic and only capable of certain kinds of calculations. It's mostly why a lot of professional computing is still done on cpus. Of course you'd know that if you were actually part of that environment.


Work? What does it do when it loads a webpage. Again, ARM out of order cpu is converging to laptop performance really really fast.


It's the most relevant thing in the world in a level playfield where optimization is hard to impossible.


No, there would be profit to be made by the big corps. Just not by you. But yes, eventually small miners would die out, they already do...


Believe me I did. I'm one of the first to read the whitepaper (back in 2011) as compared to most in this thread. I'm often building proofs of concept to try different ideas I have about PoW algorithms. What makes you think that you grasp the concept, thus far you seem to be out of topic.
@_date: 2018-08-10 04:08:56
Heh, don't take me wrong . I love fight club, the sheer mayhem that happens within touches something deep in people. I just like to also remind people that it is not a very realistic view of the world (killjoy, I know, but most movies/books remain ,as they always were, fantasies)
@_date: 2018-08-29 00:33:18
One year since the parabola to 20k started. People would look back to "where bitcoin was a year ago" and would despair and posts like the above would stop ("look where bitcoin was exactly one year ago") ... finally. Permabullishness in an asset that has lost 70% of its value sounds like a mockery. 
Bitcoin goes up long-term, but its winters last and sometimes last long, better respect them by not contrasting bitcoin with irrelevant data. Thankfully come November such contrast would end.
@_date: 2018-08-28 21:33:51
But you are though. You made a factual statement about Apple and evidence thus far shows it to be wrong.
Apple looks to be entering a golden age now that Jobs is dead for 7 years.
@_date: 2018-08-29 18:40:46
This bull run happened in tandem with the BCH drama, so doubtless a lot of that traffic was spamming from BCH people.
Not saying that that's a good occasion but certainly it is better than simply saying that the network was congested. Most of the activity happened on exchanges which is already off chain and many of the "Normie's" do not even hold their bitcoin (let exchanges do it for them) so there is a good chance that a lot of the congestion was spoofed.
Maybe next time we again see a congestion because some party would decide to spam the network. But if no such party exist then segwit , batching and off chain transactions may be enough to allow the TX fees never skyrocket again...
@_date: 2018-08-31 20:52:38
Asics is a specialized hardware that is easy to be produced in mass numbers by a small amount of players which is what causes centralizaition. They can easily be used to affront a network.
Greed does not cause centralization. You can as easily use greed to cause decentralization. Easy to produce miners and miners only produced in a single post code is what causes centralization.
In that case hashrate does not protect you because whoever has it explicitly or implicitely influences the network.
Decentralization is a must for a working blockchain long term. That is what monero devs try to achieve. Whether they will (or not) time will tell, but as of right now their network is already quite more decentralized than Bitcoin's despite being much more tiny. Meaning that whatever they do it works.. 
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:02:22
It does need to become mainstream to become relevant in societal terms.
AAntonop likes to push the "marginal people making a difference" angle, which is a great motif especially if you write books and doing lectures, but truth is that bitcoin will fulfill far more of its potential through adoption. And ETFs represent adoption of massive scale.
Sure those trusting the agencies do not get what Bitcoin is really, but (a) they did got an intro into that part of finance and (b), and most importantly: nothing of Bitcoin's fundamentals change.
 Bitcoin can still be used as it ever was and with the enhanced awareness even more so. You don't win them from the outside, you employ some of their tactics to lure them in. As long as the protocol is solid there is nothing to be feared (and if there is, people will simply fork away)
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:43:17


It will if prices goes low and stays low for years (as it happened to gold)


What makes you think that to be the case?
Too little liquidity would only exist during the attack. Obviously you're not going to open and close the attack during (you open them exactly before the attack) and close them after the liquidity has caught up (people would be selling en masse if a major event happens to the Network itself)


I don't, my scenario is exceptionally simple
1. Price falls and stays low (that's really the only thing needed to start everything else)
2. The market gets decimated. Difficulty goes below
3. People start selling miner equipment because there is not a thing they can do with it.
4. Someone garners them for cheap
5. That someone opens short positions and immediately attacks
6. Ceases the attack and waits for liquidity to increase
7. Closes the short positions.
Every from 1 to 3 would certainly happen in a case of a crash. 4 to 7 would happen if a bad actor shows up *or* disgruntled miners become bad actors on in themselves.
That last part is what doesn't making it a certainty, but certainly a strong candidate of what can happen to an unsecured network.
@_date: 2018-08-04 13:47:56
Yeah, at some point you grow up and realize that anything that can be said with one sentence is mostly BS. Never understood people that were *actually* following maxims in their life. The world is way way way more complicated than that.
@_date: 2018-08-20 18:53:59
Well we are close.
And obviously what I said is not meaningless since you repeated it using different set of words.
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:51:21
I will re-enter in the 3k-4k range (bought at 6.2k, sold all after the Winklevii ETF got rejected).
My eventual goal is to have as many bitcoins as possible. One way to achieve this is by constantly buying, a better way is to buy near past bottoms (I.e. 3.2k , Sep 17 Bottom)
@_date: 2018-08-20 18:57:23
Merely the fact that will not deflate over time is enough for people to use it as a store of value instead of a spending asset.
You spend things you won't miss spending. Evidently with all those "I bought a $100000 fridge back in 2012" posts around you can see that most people are already regretting spending their BTC. 
The only people would would spend their BTC would be the ones being paid in it, mostly or wholly.
@_date: 2018-08-30 23:07:50
Wow, you found a way to beat aging and the knowledge that -most possibly- there is a date in my future during which I will be stuck in time, in some kind of a hellish timeline that will never end and constantly loop?
Naaah, delusions is what eliminates people's problems, either religious or secular ones...
@_date: 2018-08-06 03:03:26
(Referring to the title)
Both runs to 20k (DEC 2017) and 10k (late April 2018) happened amidst a decreasing dominance.
Bitcoin dominance tells you nothing about future price action.
@_date: 2018-05-25 20:45:31
Very if the right incentives are there. Bitmain remotely bricks most of her asics on purpose and then attacks the network (with the rest, the ones in her position) so that to kill its notion of impregnability.
All you need is a bad actor that would pay bitmain enough. Say the Chinese government pays a mythic amount to bitmain because it perceives bitcoin a threat to their own crypto. IMO the network is at Bitmain's mercy, they merely choose not to attack because it is waaaay too profitable not to do so.
 Once this relation changes they will attack. They already did so in a bunch of cryptonote networks. IMO they should not be trusted, they're a neutral to bad actor.
@_date: 2018-08-26 03:16:54
That's an American thing because google has made an agreement with those institutions. They literally sell nowhere else, and in a truly free market they would had been dead.
I mean only Google would have such a boneheaded idea, resurrecting netbooks. They are so bad at designing and envisioning hardware that it hurts. There is a reason why Apple f'g kills them in sales (in pretty much everything). People are attached to hardware, software whilst more important it is secondary in people's minds.  Google easily makes the best software in the world but always has such sh.. vehicles to carry it.
 Like I said it physically hurts me also why I cannot properly invest to Google despite being the king of software and software moving everything these days. The simple act of giving up hardware could instantly make them so much more valuable.
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:02:23
Small fish hardly move the market. It's mostly moved via manipulation (see today's Bitmex move for example)
@_date: 2018-08-01 01:46:58
Like I said the specifics of the attack don't matter. What matters is to cause an event so that to inside trade.


The above conclusion is irrelevant. In my case you have sitting (idle hashpower) that costs a lot more than simply attacking. Also the gains are much greater if you use the attack as a cause to inside trade.
@_date: 2018-08-28 17:54:57
Disagree. They may create a bigger market than would otherwise be. In fact it's hard to know for sure unless we could somehow simulate a world where Bitcoin existed and another where Bitcoin + alts exist.
@_date: 2018-08-12 08:00:09
Not really , it has to do with the psychology of the masses. If the masses believe still that there is an upside in something it means that it hasn't fell enough, i.e. that it has ways to go.
In a highly manipulated market like Bitcoin's shaking the weak hands is one way to make (lot's of) money. I.e. if you're powerful enough to move the market, you create a negative sentiment which last from months to years, in that period you accumulate Bitcoin and then (again) you create a market with a positive sentiment and at its high you start dumping.
With Bitcoin market being as volative it means you just made 2-3 times your money in a few years, few investments can do that for you and if you want to park several dozens of millions that's the way to go.
Of course the societal aspect of that is that you just became richer on the backs of simple folk that fomo'd during your constructed run... 
Basically why SEC rejects those ETFs (because even more predators would come and this time they'll start transfering 401k and similar to their wealth).
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:34:14
Yet when those came out we lost 10%. When those services do come online I expect even worse behavior from Bitcoin. It is only sensitive to bad news... We are in the 2014 part of the 2014-2015 bear
@_date: 2018-08-17 20:59:04
Thus far it doesn't cause any problem to US.
Money is printed like crazy yet its value in comparison to the rest of the world and assets goes up. So we have an inflation in both supply and currency value. Crazy...
@_date: 2018-05-24 19:15:52
It will surpass 20k if interest of the general public returns.
Without it, no unless something major happens regarding institutional money (but again it will bring the "normies" back meaning that my condition is fulfilled). 
The market as it today cannot ever break 10k, much less 20k...
@_date: 2018-08-27 21:33:50
I don't see how what you say goes counter to what I wrote or how "the Dec rally wrapped my mind".
I'm looking at fundamentals. We had a bearish cross back in march (sma 50 crossed through sma 200), last two times it happened we hadn't revisited ATH for 18-36 months. 
We are still only 9 months away from ATH, there is much more bear to come...
@_date: 2018-08-11 21:02:26
Means we didn't reach bottom. We go lower...
@_date: 2018-08-27 13:21:25
There is sth wrong with the chart. In 2018's case 6 was lower than 8, not to to mention that for some unknown reason the 2018 chart is ...chronologically stretched.
In short charts can tell you anything if you change them enough. If you were not to you would notice that we have visited the 5800ish region 3 times. 4th time would be the charm. Meaning that if we go that far down for a 4th time we breaking it, and if we do your predicted chart would look nothing like the actual one (although I am sure new kinds of "chart transformations" would make them semi similar).
@_date: 2018-08-28 17:53:11
I am not speculating, I am using the official sales figures. Apple really does dominate in sales and profits in most categories of consumer electronics. It is no accident that it has broken the 1 Trillion marketcap.
I don't know why people downvote me. Some love to live in delusions I guess.
@_date: 2018-08-20 21:46:08


No they don't 95% of them do. The other 5% of them is the likes of Monero, Ethereum, Gridcoin, Curecoin, Gollem . I.e. utility tokens, or compute tokens, or privacy tokens.
Like I said, bitcoin opened the world to many currencies depending on the purpose.
95% of alts will die. A strong minority of them will live...
@_date: 2018-08-06 01:46:34
Again, I'm talking about a significal fall in price (and thus in difficulty) which persists.  I have to refer back to gold, here's its chart (use the "ALL" modifier") 
You can see that there are "sudden" increases in prices and a much longer "bear market" where the price is low and stays low.
Ignore the specific numbers of the chart, Bitcoin's volatility is capable of doing the same price action but in the log chart. i.e. Bitcoin loses 2/3rds of an order of magnitude and *stays* there. That translates, to 67% loss very similar to the current loss...
Given that only now is hashrare catching up with the price (it was too low for the whole of 2017 and most of 2018) it means that we have/had no problems. 
But imagine if that that happens again from where we stand *now* and **stay** there. Say fall as low as 2k, and for a full year or two we cannot seem to go to more than 3k, similar to how most of 2015 played out (but only with 200-300 levels)
Yes, in that case, I would say we're in danger for miners to start getting out of the game, someone or some company starting accumulating ASIC miners for dirt cheap (for a year or so), open short positions and without giving any time for the market to adjust *launches* an attack. If you have a significant amount of the hashrate you can basically rewrite all blocks under your watch (i.e. since after the attack started). I.e. building a whole chain that you're not communicating to the network, and eventually making it public, basically reversing *all* payments that have started since the attack startes (since you'd have the biggest chain)...
And you do it again ,and again, and again.
Point is not -necessarily- to destry bitcoin, merely to create events so that once your attack ceases people would sell en masse, allowing you to close your shorts and basically bankrupt most/all institutions that hold bitcoin and allow exchanging/shorting it. You can make educated guess how big your short should be to each and every one of them so that to be sure that the exchange would be capable of paying you back once you close your position (say Bitcoin loses half its value overnight, after the attack stops).
**Again** that can only happen **only** if there's too much hashing power for cheap (which ultimatelly would happen if BTC continues sliding, as it does for 9 months now, setting lower highs and lower lows every few months).
But still that's a complication that cannot and does not exist in traditional assetts and IMO a giant blind spot on Bitcoin's current incentive structure.
Obviously a pre-emptive hard fork would save the day. And if a new unused algorithm is used, nobody would basically have enough power to attack it (BTC would instantly become GPU minable again, pushing most of the world to mine it , securing it).
But I doubt that it would pass. A hard fork would obsolete all SHA 256 miners which cost several billions RN. It will wreck a whole industry, the pushback would be insane and I doubt that a pre-emptive hard fork would go through.
IMO what will happen is that people would wait for until *after* such an attack to hard fork. And once they do .... guess what. Guess who would have most of the money to rebuy the new hardware first and be in control of the new network. Yeah, the guy who made billions after the attack wrecking the rest of the ecosystem in the meanwhile (miners, exchanges, institutional players).
Which is *why* I bring this issue over and over. We cannot wait "for the time to come", when it does the community would be too chicken-shit to preemptively hard fork, but -most possibly- it would be the only fix. A hard fork can only work *before the attack*.
Which IMO tell me that something as drastic should be etched in stone and happen automatically so that no people can f with it. If **the network** feels in danger it should have an alternative route. Say a difficulty bomb of sorts which would make an attack (like the above) impossible, give warning to miners (so that the hard fork won't happen instantly) and unless actual hashrate does not catch up with the implied one due to the "difficulty bomb" for some time, then and only then hard-forking the network into a new algo...
@_date: 2018-08-21 22:41:09
Yes, I generally don't follow the crowds. But shorting for the first 10 days of August served me well so I am shorting again for one last time. If this one fails oh well, at least the previous ones gave me enough fiat to panic buy the uptrend. If it goes through then even more fiat from weak hands for free.
I mean most people here hate weak hands. I love them. I buy their bitcoin for cheap and fulfill my short contracts. Bless them, you need them so that we may accumulate as much BTC as possible...
@_date: 2018-08-29 19:01:37
I always write that long continuously on my threads. Check my comment history and it's over a diverse set of topics. So unless you think I have a vested interest in 10 million different things then you have to concede defeat.


I am not downplaying it, I'm just saying that it is relatively easy to make a sole innovation. Plenty do, blackberry did more recently. It doesn't matter, it never mattered, you are the one to overplay it.
What matters is to constantly increase sales/profits. To hold momentum. To achieve that by definition it requires an increasingly more challenging pool of innovations.
What you see right now is peak Apple. 10 years ago was 1/10th of what Apple is today. There is nothing minor in getting desktop performance down to 1w, it's probably the biggest innovation of 21st century along with Bitcoin probably, a pocket supercomputer... 
The original iphone couldn't imagine having such aspirations and things definitely didn't seem to be going that way. That's all new Apple doing magical things.
@_date: 2018-08-06 02:40:36
From the article 


When is referring to "programmed alteration". It is not more difficult, it is impossible if you don't merely use 16 diff algorithms (like raven coin) but 10^16 ones , I.e. allow the blockchain not only to choose when to use a new hashing algorithm, but also *which* hashing algorithm, a multi puzzler of sorts which randomly transmutes into a new one through the use of a seed derived by the hash of a said block (every few blocks).
It's mathematically challenging to build such a multi puzzler, but since it is the only way to have true decentralization it will be tried (and thus achieved) sooner than later.
It's possible that even Bitcoin would embed such a hashing algorithm in the future once it becomes clear that centralization is a one way street and unless you stop it at its source it will cause such an intense centralization that will be no different than what we already have through the current institutions.
Not to say that Bitcoin's approach is wrong. It is still *not* centralized enough, it already afforded us 10 years (and probably more) of a much less centralized payment system than any other alternative.
But eventually we have to drop this nonsense about how "ASIC resistance" is a non-starter just because current attempts to it have failed. It is honeslty our only hope forwards (for the long term), and mathematically speaking it is very doable . 
I am not cryptographically gifted and even I managed to create a multi puzzler in my spare time. Sure I doubt that it is secure, but if someone who is more cryptographically gifted than I , attempt it we may have a multi puzzler which is secure to some orders of magnitude (before it starts creating garbage puzzles). 
If you can mathematically prove that your method can create up to 10^10  variations of a secure algorithms on its own, then you can afford a networkof up to 10^12 blocks (if say the change happens every 2000 blocks) of lifetime without ASIC derived issues, which translate to more than 1 million years using any bnlockchain's block times.
Asic resistance is one of those problems that albeit hard is very achievable. Heck if a few PHDs were written on it and actual research was done on it (I.e. creating a multi puzzler that is secure) we may have an answer on the subject before the end of the next decade.
And it will *completely* solve centralization , as not even GPUs would be able to be properly optimized for it, like ever. In fact every dude with a CPU would be able to hash for said network, actually securing it and making 51% attack by bad actors practically impossible (just a tweet that the network is under attack could cause everyone putting their machines to mine nullifying the attack, very much not what can happen today).
Mining has to be as democratic as possible to avoid a fate similar to the banking institutions' (only a few players controlling the network). And IMO it will happen sooner than later.
All those anti-ASIC resistance articles constantly move goalposts. 2 years ago basic resistance was stupid because eventually someone would build a memory intensive asic (which they did). This year "it is impossible because you can build an asic that incorporates all 16 algorithms". Next year it " would be impossible because you can build an asic incorporating 100 algorithms". 
Of course eventual!y it won't be, like in my example , you will *never* be able to optimize for 10^10 algorithms. But I digress, time will tell, no?
@_date: 2018-05-16 13:20:16
Lol, yeah, I don't expect dogecoin to becoming big. But its inflationary status does make it one of the pioneers of the space.
Imo the future would hold both liquid and illiquid crypotcurrencies used for different purposes...
Also natural selection happens out of necessity not reason. It has been working for billions of years like that...
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:22:04


Not really you displayed an inability to read what I said instead.
I wrote 3 things
One is (that the above is possible if) mining only capable of being done on CPUs (not GPUs)
Second I wrote that it is only possible if mining is to happen in a way that goes easy on the resources of a phone
Third, most phones today can do almost as many calculations as older laptops
 


Because you wouldn't. That's what current mining is . One that happens on optimized devices for profit. I am talking about a world completely different than todays. 
Reread my comment you cannot attack a strawman of my idea and think that you are attacking my idea. Obviously I need to know its weakness, but I won't if you keep avoiding reading what I wrote, or do so in a cursory manner.
@_date: 2018-08-01 00:38:54
This: 
@_date: 2018-05-18 01:04:47
Lol, wot?
Let me help you then:
@_date: 2018-08-06 12:40:42
You cannot rent 51% of worldwide power not even close. You can easily gather 51% of a specialized form of hardware, especially if the market is in a long-term downtrend and can buy it for cheap.
Botnets are scarcely an issue with Windows 10 and above PCs as well as macs. Older models have older CPUs so their "vote" would mean less.


Exactly my issue. By success they mean their version of it. Not much different than how current banking cartels work. A few people in a room trying to make a system "suceed".
Some problems are better solved when crowdsourced. Unless you do not believe in decentralization after all, in which case I have to question why would you think that a public blockchain is any better than the current system. You merely changed one group of people for another...
@_date: 2018-08-27 21:38:53
Bitcoin halving is happening 2020.
Last halving we had the market starting moving upward a year before it and only reached ATH almost a year after it.
If anything the ... "Halving economics" are even more bearish than me (descending market until mid 2019, some reaction then and no ATH until 2021).
BTW you made some of my points exactly. The market is heavier now, not as volatile as before. Reaching new ATH would require much more pushing and probably much more time to reach...
I never understood permabulls in subs like this. Long term Bitcoin goes up, I agree but in between there are significant periods of pain and we are in one of them, no reason not to believe that it will extend...
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:00:18
Only one to keep growing as far after hitting 20 Trillion in GDP. I mean China is fast approaching ,but only because it has more people.
Seriously, for a 300 mil country US is a behemoth economically and militarily speaking. Very few empires are/were as powerful as US right now.
Not saying that that's good for the people, but the people in power certainly have a field day.
@_date: 2018-08-01 06:53:00
It will die if it ends up worth only hundreds. The myriads of mining factories, now idle, will launch an attack like you wouldn't believe it so that to force an event , inside trade and make back the millions they would be losing every day.
Remember Bitcoin is now a billions of dollars industry, too many lives at stake. People do strange things when pushed.
If BTC revisits sub 1K prices and stays there it will die. Simple as that. 
@_date: 2018-08-14 08:56:15
Sentiment says they are incredibly expensive. More expensive than BTC at 10k Back in January.
Imagine going at 3k and then sideways for 10 years. You just bought something twice as expensive than its real value.
I say wait, don't try to catch the falling knife. Anyone who buys the dip in a bear market regrets it. You should buy the dip in a bull market... We are as far away from a bull as possible.
@_date: 2018-08-14 15:06:03
"The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent"
@_date: 2018-08-15 12:29:34
Of course you would think that, which is why I am making money through shorting lately and most of you lose through hodling.
Truth of the matter is that I believe in this technology as much as any other in this sub, maybe more than many in here, I just use a more optimal strategy to load up bitcoins other than "buying the dip" (which is a stupid strategy in bear markets).
As for my position. You can see that I sold my position back when the winklevii got rejected, if you search trough my post history, you will find my post then, as well as having sold my position back when it was 6.2k back in June (again you can search through my history), before rebuying. 
You will see those are not edited posts, they are my original posts that I made back then and time and again I was right. If I am wrong this time, oh well, I will fomo back during the upswing and I would still end up with more bitcoin than if I was simply buying the dip time and again. .
@_date: 2018-08-13 16:27:28
85% is 3k, which coincides with the Sep (2017) strong bounce which led to the rally. IMO we won't go lower, but if 6K is breached we go straight to 3-3.2k , no way we stop at 5k or even 4k. It's basically 6k (Nov Bounce), 3.2k (Sep Bounce), 1.8k (Jul Bounce) in order.
6K we breach in the next few days to weeks most possibly, 3.2k we reach late this year early next, unless something spectucular happens (ETFs, but they won't), 1.8k next summer, in case this bear is unlike any other, not very probable though.
Thus far it seems like a slightly steeper 2014-2015 bear though. Goes to show, MT Gox was not what caused it, it was the parabolic rise. This time we had nowhere near the bad news of then, yet this correction is steeper. 
The bitcoin market  mostly reacts to price, not news... 
@_date: 2018-08-30 13:26:34
I do agree that PoW (in)efficiency is what keeps the network honest. But there is an equal force to the opposite direction and that is the efficiency of the miners' production.
Miners (I.e. the machines that make the actual mining) are three hashing boards (essentially) that are easy to be copied, improved upon and eventually produced.
If anything I agree with you that energy on in itself is hard to decentralize. I am just saying that we should take it one step further by making the production of miners equally inefficient as is the production of bitcoin. That would add a 2nd layer of protection. It is also far easier to achieve than an equitable distribution of energy (which will only happen once renewable energy actually becomes as cheap as stored energy,  I.e. geothermal + hydrocarbonates)
As it stands we have too much production of simplistic machines which make even the slightest difference in electricity production and consumption around the world absolutely important. Like you said eventually it won't be a problem, but until then we really do need a way which would make the increase of the network's difficulty slower, I.e. a slowing of the production of hashing machines.
Of course that would require a hard fork which would nullify the whole of mining industry. But better now that the industry is young, than in 10 years from now when that would be close to impossible (the established miners would be too powerful).
The issue of "the scarce miner" is tried to be solved by several alts. But most of them would die anyway, I would like Bitcoin to address this, at least acknowledge what a centralizing force electricity prices can be and actually have been to its network.
@_date: 2018-08-23 23:17:40
Lol seriously, just today some ETFs came back from the dead so that they may be re-rejected :p
At this point it is comical.
@_date: 2018-08-31 08:32:30


Yes and it is irrelevant to our discussion. As long as something is hard to design and produce economy of scale won't save you. It's not a magic pill that you take and you can suddenly produce millions of said item.
Like I said, making the miner harder to produce you would ensure that difficulty would not skyrocket. Because at this point miners are being produced as fast as possible and that's mostly a handful relatively small companies. Imagine what happens when the big ones enter.
Complex hardware have issues, it cannot be produced stress free in small timeframes. It will take years to streamline the production line and hopefully by then bitcoin would be able to accomodate the extra productions (bitcoin is deflationary in nature so long term the price rises, often by a lot).


OK. Real Time graphics, spreadsheets, machine learning, protein folding, video encoding, photoshop effects and pretty much any future problem that may need to be solved. Solve *all* those with one special-purpose computer. Can you do that?
I have no doubt that you can specialize to each and every one of them. I am doubting that you can specialize to all of them at once without basically creaing a cpu/gpu which exists -out there- anyway...
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:52:46
It is two people, twins, own the Gemini exchange and applied for an ETF some time back got rejected , re applied and were rejected again.
This -last- rejection was untimely as Bitcoin was in course for 9k. Bitcoin like gold is an assert that gets more valuable in the minds of people (and bots) ... the more valuable it gets. In other words cutting a bull run short most often than not means reversal.
We never broke SMA 200 (we were 1-2 days away from achieving it) due to the Winklevii FUD which started a chain reaction which will take us to 6k (at least)
@_date: 2018-08-17 18:14:58
My field is not physics , it is computer science and more specifically complex systems: 
Or rather the interaction of software with a complex system.
Insofar that human consciousness is an emergent property akin to software I believe it can have similar properties as those observed on software.
One thing we do in studying software is having an internal clock of it in relationship to each environment. Which may well be different than the one that an outside observer keeps.
To make a longer story short, time passes (in software) when things happen, if nothing happens that it literally stops until the next thing happens, the intervening time we call it null time. That is to say that a software has a function where times passes as does in our world (being a part of our world) but then an exception happens which awaits for a user input. Unless and until a user input happens (be it resetting the software, or maybe fulfilling some prompt) then the software's internal clock is literally stuck.
For reasons that I cannot get in here without making my post too lengthy we visualize "stuck time" as the last valid command replaying ad nauseum.
The equivalent of that is having your last sensation repeating ad nauseum.
That is the proper expectation of a software interacting with the system it is infused with, in our case conciousness-world is the pair.
If that expectation plays out you do not get an afterlife but instead you are "stuck in time" as if "an insect would be stuck in amber".
So yes the world goes on, but that is not what you see. Because *the objective is different than the subjective*. What you see is yourself being stuck in time, so in no sense do your kids grow up, nor they ever become anything, *because you can only live your own timeline and it is the only valid one as far as you are concerned*.
That's very much what we see in software. Yes time goes on, but not on a stuck software and it is a mistake to think that it does, it will give you mistaken predictions, especially as a software becomes more and more predictable. *Time passes differently for each observer and it is seemingly linked to information flow*, it is pretty much why physics observe time dilation if you travel ultra fast, c is the speed of information (amongst other things), so if you travel close to it, obviously you are going to see the world around you age faster.... It *literally happens*
Again, my research is on software. Nothing to do with conscious minds. But I suspect the link is greater and I very much doubt that we are made from any magical stuff therefore a similar fate awaits us.
The manifestation of no after life as seen from the mind of an individual is "null time", *not* peace and silence as many imagine....
@_date: 2018-08-29 15:13:00
Forks never harmed any coin that I know of. Your statement is baseless. If anything it made them healthier and only knew explosive growth after the dead weight that made the fork possible finally left.
It happened to ETH, to Bitcoin (obviously), to Zcash heck even to Bytecoin (in which case the fork was what became successful, I.e. Monero)...
@_date: 2018-08-07 04:15:56
Public interest for bitcoin is in 15 months low territory sadly:
Demand is dying we had 2013's pump and pop in 2018 and we are now reliving 2014 (which would lead to the new 2015).
The market is very predictable. 
@_date: 2018-08-03 11:15:06
Nah, he just didn't understand so I elaborated (not many are strong in the fundamentals of markets and dangers)
@_date: 2018-08-12 11:10:14
Yes, but chances are that your kids won't be after you die. That is basically the findings in our field.
Now if you want to believe in some kind of after life be my guest. All I am saying is that belief in after life historically didn't make the world any favours.
And given what I know from my research and of what will become widely known in the next few decades (I.e. that time can only be personal) more and more people would see that leaving anything for the next generation is a mistake if you don't solve the issue of allowing said generation to be around in the first place...
@_date: 2018-08-11 14:55:58
More math for you then. The average phone battery is 15-20 Wh
At 0.2w consumption per use it is only 1Wh (if you use your phone for 5 hours a day), that's about 5% of total power consumption, almost as much as those pesky ads get from your phone, especially the animated one.
You keep making stuff up though, never spoke of 100% use of phones' resources. You don't need that if you have 2-3 billion phones at your disposal.


Yes in multi-purpose computing. Asics literally have zero efficency if you try general purpose computing on them.


Again you should read my original post.
I called for the creation of a multi-puzzler which would make the creation of ASICs for it impossible.


Many do, monero devs. X16r is basically that but in a simpler form. It's basically the holy grail of PoW research right now, at least where I'm working. I know at least 3 PhDs working on it. It will completely solve the ASIC bornt centralization.


Maybe you should stop responding to a stawman then. Re-read my arguments, and *then* try to address them.
@_date: 2018-08-28 22:28:20
So close to the last spike? Doubt it. There is nothing stopping them to wait for the price to go further down before actually investing again...
In Bitcoin bubbles make a complete cycle in about 3 years. So new highs around 2020 I reckon...
@_date: 2018-08-24 19:10:39
Haha, just wait for the CBOE backed ETF to get rejected. We're in for so much pain (I will start shorting like mad if it does get rejected, I need to increase my BTC holding so I would be basically buying it from weak hands).
@_date: 2018-08-28 23:45:31
Regular folk are buying those gizmos in droves. The difference is so palpable at this point that the $1000 phone is selling more units than any other individual phone over $500 (flagship grade).
People can *see* that one seems like a tech from space (look to unlock, portrait, all-screen, video effects that are put in seconds not minutes) and the other seems like a gizmo that tries to imitate it unsuccessfully (portrait in most androids is achieved through post processing which looks fake, active unlocking of the phones, bottom bezel means no other phone is all screen, etc).
There is a reason why people opt to buy a $1000+ phone over any other. It's so clearly better. And no the logo alone can't do this, which is why past Apple phones over $1000 didn't sell as well (I.e. iPhone pluses of the past).
People want to have something that feels first grade. And Apple achieves that through sheer engineering instead of simply advertising (as they used to). Back when all they did was advertising they were losing sales (bottomed with iPhone 7). 
Now sales suddenly jumped again (at least profit wise). People care about tech and that is what visionary about new Apple, becoming the BMW of gizmos (didn't use to be, it was mostly a fashion item). That sudden change of direction really does need a visionary on board.
@_date: 2018-08-22 09:18:38
Hell yeah, I opened a new short. The last one is underwater, but oh well, the first 10 days of August paid me so well that even if this one goes underwater I'm still in green regarding August.
Like I said I do not generally trade, but this month was/is a bit too obvious.
Even the one today that got many leveraged shorts underwater was manipulation and not an organic expression of the market (Bitmex went down during the pump and when it was back up the short was already liquidated). 
They don't expect me to try again, so I will :p
@_date: 2018-05-27 03:57:53
Until said miner double spends and none is the wiser.
Give 51% control to a miner that orphanes all the other blocks is no different than giving the keys to a banker that chooses which loan should happen and which not, which account is to freeze and which not. It would be lethal to blockchains as it would single handily render them into inefficient databases.  
IMO the danger of bitmain actually taking control of the network is very real and it should bother bitcoin investors. They can brick a bunch of their ASICs on purpose, their pool gain 50% + of the hasharate start mining on their own chain and basically become bitcoin's bankers/arbirters
If I was a bitcoin dev/investor I wouldn't be able to sleep at night thinking of bitmain. It would be my boogeyman.
@_date: 2018-08-20 18:59:41
Back in November it was only $1500 per Bitcoin. The market needed almost 9 months to get the price of mining costs close to the actual value of a Bitcoin.
So yeah it reacts fast, just not as fast as how the prices rose in Q4 2017...
@_date: 2018-08-11 18:52:10
You do not need to be wise to know that when you are 90 you are either dead or unable to enjoy life as much as when you were younger.
Also there is no wisdom to hoping an afterlife (or the equivalent) it's pure childishness and the more it persists the more we lose the only life we'll ever have (I.e. it is a dangerous childishness).
So what's the point of accumulating wealth you cannot use. You tell me oh wise one.
@_date: 2018-08-24 14:50:20
You have to trust Stanford to do your bidding all the while you have a trustless way to do that. You regress 20 years in the past to fulfil a vague ideal of Bitcoin maximalism. That's so wrong on so many levels I can't even start dissecting them...
Again, there is a reason why Bitcoin is open source. There is a reason why SN seems to have also participated in the creation of Namecoin. Maximalism like most forms of ideology is dead from its birth. DOA...
@_date: 2018-08-12 22:02:48
Too damn low. Bull run or not, if Bitcoin does not become something to be taken seriously it won't have anything like mass adoption.
Having an ETF on a purely digital product would be a watershed moment for most parts of the economy. We would be pointing g that to that period (along with bitcoin futures) as part of the ongoing digitazion of our society.
People -here- are often so short sighted that they disappoint me. The world is not what you see in your immediate vicinity...
@_date: 2018-08-03 01:44:58
Sorry but we had 3 lower highs in a row. Trends break but until then there is a higher probability that they continue. Like I said , Winklevii spoilt this rally (if we had broken SMA200 it would have continued, but alas we didn't all because the Winklevii *had to* reapply their doomed ETF)
@_date: 2018-08-26 19:49:00
If you care about low volatility, high volume bitcoin soonish the yes. If not, then no. By the responses here I can see that many don't care about those things, then no is the answer for this community.
@_date: 2018-08-29 14:32:10
No, they are not, they are a healthy part of the way the network works. Those who do not want to be "part of the team", better not be and creating problems from the inside.
Forks are a defensive mechanism and were built precisely so that to deflect attracks from the inside. It is one of the most ingenious parts of Bitcoin and one of the reasons that it can well be a long lived experiment that eventually establishes itself.
Forks are a shield, not a sword. You are confused.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:43:22
Bitcoin is an asset in speculation phase. It has no valuation hence the speculation part of my first sentence. Revenue producing products gives you an annual 7%. Nobody got rich by investing in revenue producing products. 
People got rich (from investments) when they got invested in something that produced no revenues at first but eventually did. Yes, it's a gamble, but you don't invest in cryptos if you don't want to gamble.
The promise of microstransactions, of trustless security, 24/7 transaction window with low fees, limited supply are just too hard to pass up. Do any of those produce revenue stream? No, not yet and they may never do, but if they did the opportunity of investing in something whould have already passed.
@_date: 2018-08-26 21:17:21
Well the Gold bear market shapes up to be far worse than the 2014-2015 period.
During that period at no time did bitcoin mining became unprofitable. If anything at this point even with the best equipment at hand you need mores Joules to produce one USD worth of BTC than even the worst day of that bear market.
I am talking about an actual bear market. Say BTC goes to 2015 low *right now* style of bear. *This* would be what would break the trust between miners and the network's capacity to pay them. Then decentralization would play a role. I.e. allow bitcoin survive in such a hostile environment.
Also it is not necessarily a failed experiment. If it redecentralizes it will ensure that such an event is highly unlikely even if the price action creates the environment for it to be triggered.
@_date: 2018-08-08 04:13:17
Apparently it is news to the market. Bitcoin lost almost 10 percent of its value as if it was nothing.
@_date: 2018-08-24 15:02:33
Last Bull went parabolic amidst the Futures rumours and eventually news.
Institutional adoption is huge to Bitcoin's price.
Many don't care about it (and probably about its widespread use) so I can see why should they be against those ETFs. Others do care, so to them those news are relevant.
Not everyone has the same vision about the future of Bitcoin, whadayaknow.
@_date: 2018-05-25 15:20:23
Maybe so, but we are not there yet. Which is why I said "under current environment we are not breaking 10k. Things may change , either by a renewed boost in public perception or if institutional money gets in. But this may take anything between weeks and years. Until then we are not breaking 10k, and most probably not even 9k at this point (bitcoin trends are at early 2017 levels)
@_date: 2018-08-29 14:29:35
Again I am looking at the fact that flagships are dying yet I phones increase in sales/profits.
I'm commenting on things that happened and since I have a relative expertise on the matter I am explaining it away to you. How it needs to be a visionary to increase your sales during a downtrend...
@_date: 2018-08-17 07:56:27
So what?  Bitcoin's derived power is coming not from hashpower nor its market cap positioning.
It does come from its security though (at least in part), and as far as a particular variant of hashpower represents security (and then it is lost) indeed it is problematic...
@_date: 2018-08-23 16:02:08
Well, I disagree with your disagreement then.
Alts rose because of ETH's ICO craze. Once ICOs started picking up ETH *exploded* and alongside ETH a few around it.
There was also Tezos, the silicon valley's darling, as well as EOS lately. There is/are many projects that seem to have happened independently of SEC's rejection. Sure it contributed some, but in the end ALTs would had risen on their own.
But I'm not talking about that either, even during heavily BTC dominant eras (pre 2017) you'd see such a thing as the alternating of BTC/Alt seasons being a thing.
For example in late 2014, out of nowhere alts rose in dominance and price. Remember even a small increase in dominance index, back then, meant dozens of percentage points in alts' valuation. Even back then you could make money in alts if you knew what you were doing (or was straight lucky).
Even if the Alts' hype is going down, I doubt that the changing of seasons will cease. And after 4-6 months of constant bleeds, alts most of always have *some* reaction. It may be underwhelming, but -still- it's probably better to sell during that period than it is now...
Also (BTW) the most prominent ETF is still in the running, so your theory was not yet able to be falsified.
@_date: 2018-08-28 19:59:25
No it's not subjective. It requires hard science. To miniaturize Xbox's kinect (basically) and put it into such a small device requires the top minds of the world working for you.
Similar with the CPU. In floating points (not just integer calculations) we are start catching up to Desktop CPUs ... in phones ... using less than 1w.
Apple's brilliance comes from the fact that she managed to have some of the top minds working for her and keep them satisfied. I was the first to say that Jobs' departure would bring a darker era for Apple. Instead Apple specialized and is now the best in the world in what she does.
I have an engineering background and I'm constantly amazed with what they manage to do from a technical standpoint. Late years' Apple is nothing like Jobs' Apple, yet it is still brilliant in entirely new ways. I am surprised really.
Still I don't buy Apple's product because they do not allow me to do the things I want, I merely hope that instead of trying to trivialize Apple's achievements , the rest would pick themselves up and stop thinking that "it is the Apple logo". Used to be , but really back then Samsung was selling more flagships than Apple. Things changed and for a reason...
@_date: 2018-08-07 02:36:04
Did read your post back in the day.
My only issue is that big coins (say Bitcoin) would need to be proof positive that this new method of calculating hashes would also be secure, which is why I called for a mathematical proof as well.
As for the software itself, whilst not trivially easy , it's certainly something that can be done by people who have some experience on the development. Development of software is merely one tool that I use for my job and even I managed to create a multi-puzzler as a proof of concept. So obviously much better implementations would pop up.
Thanks for your work though, it is much needed in a world that loves to take centralization as a given.
@_date: 2018-08-23 22:05:46
Most will, just not in a straight line. They would bounce along the way to their graves.
@_date: 2018-08-29 19:49:34
EU's version of the Chinese firewall IMO. The internet starts partitioning , basically why we need blockchain like technology, nobody can easily control it.
Obviously its current iteration is best used for money, but hopefully, eventually it can be used for thing like unassailable websites, where governments cannot f*ck with it...
@_date: 2018-08-20 09:13:47
The Fermi paradox is only a paradox if you do not account the vastness of spacetime and our insignificance to it.
Remember Fermi was a product of the earlierr part of 20th century in most of which people believed that there is only one galaxy in the whole of the universe, ours. So at least subconsciously Fermi was thinking of a smaller universe when he asked "where are they?"
In a universe where galaxies are much more plentiful than stars within our galaxy you would expect them to be in other galaxies, statistically speaking. And since each galaxy is basically a different universe we cannot see them and probably never meet them.
If you take in account how vast the universe actually is there is no place for the Fermi paradox. You'd expect in such a vast and sparse place to not see anything like "you". And since Fermi's paradox is not a paradox I don't think we have to credibly fear anything related to it. It's idle talk, the equivalent of counting the number of angels that can fit on a pin, nothing can come out of a talk with so many unknown factors.
@_date: 2018-05-09 08:12:31
Asics don't always happen. We do not live in a determinstic world for god's sake.
It's frankly uneconomocal to build an ASIC for monero at this point. Even if you do, every six months the pow changes so your hardware would be obsolete.
Of course you can build FPGAs, but they hardly offer much better performance, for quite a greater cost.
I do agree, thought that gpu mining is probably not needed for bitcoin. The network is too great to be taken oven by any single ASIC manufacturer... smaller networks need asic resistance though, as they are often taken over (graft and I think the sumo network were the latest to be afflicted by double spend).
Not sold on PoS (of any kind) though, it throws out a player (miners) and in game theoretic games that is unwise if you strive for equilibrium.
@_date: 2018-08-30 06:27:12
Bitcoin's version of PoW only makes sense in countries with low electricity though. The miners are very simplistic and easy to produce in massive quantities making producing bitcoin exponentially more difficult each passing month.
While PoW as employed by Bitcoin is better than PoS (where exchanges have the most power) it is still not ideal. The ideal would be a version of PoW where there is relative scarcity not only to the coin but also the miners making it profitable to whomever has a miner, I.e. not having to make the extra step of relocating.
This could achieve true decentralization, I e. one that is not constrained geographically or by interest groups.
As hard as it was to invent as a secure network as that of Bitcoin's eventually it would be equally important (and hard) to have a method to secure the method that is securing the network (I.e. an algorithm that does not cause centralization when mined but also unassailable to cracking/hacking).
@_date: 2018-08-04 17:29:02
I don't believe that it will either. But that was not the story at all. The story was that the biggest move to ever drive bitcoin's adoption is on its way. That's bigger news than almost anything else in the market.
Also the rejection of Winklevii ETF did move the market. So the market is moved by news, only selectively so.
@_date: 2018-05-25 15:15:11
Why though? It seems to me that bitcoin would be ideal for such a kind of transactions. Much better than paypal. All sellers would have to register a bitcoin address before the sale and as long as the sale is fulfilled it would be easy to prove that a certain amount of Bitcoin payment was made or not because the records are ... public.
If anything if ebay would take on bitcoin, fraud would be minimized. You'd have a proof of payment and then it is up to the seller to deliver a proof of delivery... "Deal's done"
@_date: 2018-08-03 04:15:33
5200 is a pretty random number.
Last resistance was 3.2k , September of 2017. If we break 6k we go to 3.2k unless something spectacular happens (ETFs?)
@_date: 2018-08-02 08:55:38
OK, so foldingcoin and curecoin that single handedly increased F PPD by 10x are worthless right?
Tell that to all those cancer victims that are possibly using F research to prolong their lives.
Point is that it is possible that certain use cases were simply not thought by BTC or ETH or, or, or founders.
I do agree that the significant majority of coins are useless. But there is still a minority of them that can play a crucial role to the betterment of humanity.
I find maximalism a bit too absolute and sure about itself. Even though the general idea is correct it goes too far.
@_date: 2018-08-10 04:06:37
They basically accepted their position as world leader. I.e. print more money that they can sustain, yet avoid hyperinflation because the rest of the peoples around the world trust in the the troops and might of US.
It's possibly *the* way to pay for the military industrial complex and also why I never understood why some people are again military expenditure. In the case of US it's what afforded you quantitive easing without the accompanied hyperinflation. 
In a funny but very real way the US army is mostly what affords people in US to still have jobs that pay relatively well. With the amount of quantitive easing that the US does for the last decade at least, the currency should had followed a very similar path to Bolivar's eventually, alas it does not *because* the troops actually support it.
I mean the money printer supports the troops, but the troops also support the money printer. IT's a mutually beneficial relationship between them too, I don't see them wanting to stop it anytime soon *unless* something to US dollar, in that case Bitcoin (or indeed any popular digital asset of the time) woud become a haven.
@_date: 2018-05-09 18:23:06
Well, it's a hard fork. Hard forks happen quite smoothly most often than not. Monero has hard forked 7 times already very smoothly. I'd guess the more experience they get, the smoother it will be getting.
An ASIC company must be suicidal at this point to make an ASIC for cryptonote coins. The centralozation and the double spend incidents were rife enough on cryptonote coins that they pretty much have to fork quite often at this point.
SHA256 based coins seems to have been less vulnerable to ASIC bornt attacks so they are in friendly terms with them. Equihash is next, let's see if ASIC makers would act as bad actors there too (if yes, equihash based coins would turn PoS or change their PoW algorithm as well...)
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:24:51
Well if you had addressed my point I wouldn't mind. But you purposefully took it out of context so I blastered you with counter evidence. I mean you were an easy target... I am sorry. 
@_date: 2018-08-29 16:18:31
The crash has just started.
5th lower high for bitcoin in a row (17k, 12k, 10k, 8.5k, 7.2k? )
@_date: 2018-08-09 19:36:00
When it went from 5k to 20k practically overnight the market was at its most jubilant.
Being hopeless won't save you from this downtrend. We are revisiting 3k soon . You should truly fear...
@_date: 2018-08-26 12:50:57
Most of its mining happens in certain valleys in relatively close proximity to the place that its specialized hardware that can best be used under special circumstances is being manufacured.
I know that the free market is supposed to sort this situation out, but it won't. Nobody beats China in manufacturing costs...
The *idea* is for it to be decentralized. In practice it cannot as long as the hardware needed to mine it is so simplistic, so much so that only certain factories can produce it as fast.
Bitcoin is basically produced in those few factories.
@_date: 2018-08-01 06:17:56
Never in a bear market.
@_date: 2018-08-26 20:40:41
BCH "attack" to bitcoin was/is quite minor compared to what I have in mind.
What I have in mind is more along the lines of a true breaking of trust between the network and the miners.
That is to say that miners currently expect the network to pay them (handsomely may I add) to find blocks and basically build the block chain. In case of a catastrophic break of trust the fear is not merely that miners will stop (that will be phase 1) but also that some of them (or those having bought their equipment for cheap) will turn hostile and attack the network to recoup their costs.
IMO that's a very plausible scenario in case Bitcoin experiences a gold style bear market. I.e. one that last for years and constantly losing in value (for years)
We're still early years of the tech so we can scarcely fathom such a scenario but IMO it is a virtual certainty that it will happen at *some* point.
The fear is that miners will start selling their equipment and that someone may gobble it up for cheap. Then that someone waits a bit for more miners to sign off and once the hashrate/difficulty of the network is sufficiently low , short the asset massively and immediately launch an attack that will reverse all payments for hours, possibly for days.
In a centralized network w non commoditized miners there would be nothing to stop that attack other than an emergency hard fork which would cause an even greater chaos.
Such an attack is almost impossible to happen to (current) ETH for example, because (a) no entity would be able to gobble up used miners for cheap. There is a demand for them from parties other than miners (gamers, graphics designers, researchers, AI people), (b) even if he/she somehow does gobble up the necessary hardware for an attack, a simple tweet would be enough to stop the attack (just tell people "mine with everything you have", *because* those are truly decentralized networks).
IMO that's the danger of centralization caused by specialized hardware. In case of crisis only a hard fork would work which on in itself can be enough to kill the asset (an emergency hard fork I mean) as it would literally reboot its security apparatus.
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:30:54
Most top 10 alts do catch the waves, historically speaking (I.e. if the wave happens whilst the alts is in top 10)
@_date: 2018-08-02 06:47:58
It is having multiple solutions to a problem.
Maybe we would need Turing complete smart contracts in the future, maybe not. In the first case ETH and EOS would appreciate in value, in the second they would tank.
Maybe we need a private form of transacting, maybe not. In the first case privacy coins would appreciate, in the second the would not.
Maybe we need a way to incentivize charities, maybe not. In the first case curecoin, foldincoin and similar would appreciate in value, or maybe we don't and leave F (or similar) revert to 1/10th of its current production (as it is already happening in that particular example.
Point is, there is such thing as specialization. Meaning that if you tilt your coin to be one thing, it may not be that good in another. As long as there is no "one size to fit all needs" I would have to disagree and let the market decide.
For example Folding at Home research is dying already because the market decided that Folding/Cure coins are shit and who cares if some thousands would die because less research would be done (folders are jumping like rats from a burning boat)
Maybe next it would decide that we do not need Turing complete smart contracts and status quo on legal matters is just fine.
Lastly the market may decide that we won't need privacy in our transactions either and bitcoin (with its ability o eventually track all transactions) is all we need and privacy coins will die...
Point is, let the market decide. Don't pretend to know what the market doesn't yet...
@_date: 2018-08-28 15:08:32
Also Forks are not an attack to the network. That guy (quoted) is an idiot. It's what keeps the network "on its toes". If development for some reason stops, or is taken hostage by boneheaded developers then the community can always fork away from them.
The capacity to fork is what keeps devs honest because if they f*ck up then the community can simply abandon them and choose a new group to work into their (the community's) version of Bitcoin.
IMO it's one of the most ingenious aspects of Bitcoin. " The thing that is not a thing" and will always change according to the world's needs. It's probably a world's first to something as fundamental as money. Money being turned into a piece of code which can as well be discarded if better/newer trunks are supported by the community?
@_date: 2018-08-31 06:44:37
XMR Fans detected :p
Seriously though, those are not at all how "cryptoasset" prices move. Too much analysis for nothing IMO. At least price wise.
 Do agree with much of the rest of the analysis, although its pessimism about utility tokens is not warrantied , the analysis expects no development on that space despite being -probably- the most researched one right now.
@_date: 2018-08-04 07:29:13
Prices are never high nor low on speculative assets.
Their price are completely arbitrary and you only successfully trade them when you follow the trend and setting stop losses. At this point we are at a downtrend, so obviously nobody wants to buy.
Bitcoin could be worth $1 or $1 million and both would be a fair price if that is what people agreed to. Bitcoin is never cheap nor is it ever expensive. It's always both... depending on what the trend tells you...
@_date: 2018-08-13 19:19:18
Never for more than a full day (ok once but it was a weekend).
If we go below 6k for a week, we go far below. I'm telling this for months. I also said that the Jul Rally was a bull trap, but people were downvoting me. Let's see who's right once again...
@_date: 2018-08-23 22:19:01
Gray markets and speculation pretty much *is* 90% of the bitcoin price. What are you talking about?
Remove speculators, also remove gray markets and you suddenly get so low of Bitcoin demand that I can hardly think of it breaking 1 billion market cap...
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:59:57
If it works 7 in 10 times it benefits my BTC holdings. By shorting the market lately I've actually increased my BTC. Obviously I never go all in , I always keep profit (which I later convert to BTC, considering that long term BTC is trending upwards).
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:06:49
I am not a trader, so no I am not a pro. I only trade when things are too obvious (started shorting after the Winklevoss rejection, you can read through my comment history calling for selling/snorting back then), you can also see that those posts of mine are not edited because I indeed shorted/sold back then.
@_date: 2018-08-04 13:46:05
They don't. Bitcoin is mostly traded in Asia. Bitcoin futures account for 5% of the volatility at most.
Don't take me wrong. Bitcoin prices are heavily manipulated, just not on this side of the isle.
@_date: 2018-08-03 05:26:54
No I meant literally "resistance" (not its market variant)
@_date: 2018-08-26 10:42:21
No, that's how you sell things that nobody wants or needs.
In my neck of the woods Chromebooks are just sitting there, nobody wants to have to do anything with that regressive sh....
Chromebooks is a google product. They don't manufacture it, they very much designed its directives. Android phones on the other hand are indeed not their own hardware (mostly follow Apple directives).
I am a software guy. Never owned or bought Apple products. Used them quite a bit and while I love the hardware, the software is such a tripe that I cannot use those things longer term.
I am just calling a spade (to be) a spade. Google ideas on hardware are great for the raspberry prize. It's basically why (semi) monopolies are so bad for economies. They shovel us with so many sh.. ideas that we can scarcely say no to
@_date: 2018-08-18 23:41:44
If Etfs get approved we are 20k tomorrow...
Of course they won't so I agree.
Still alt seasons happened during downtrends in the past. Say late 2014, so it will probably happen again. In general in alt seasons you buy top 10 alts with BTC and the convert them back to BTC during BTC season. That is one trick that nets you more BTC in the end of the day, cheaper too than continuously shoveling fiat to get more BTC.
@_date: 2018-08-19 07:21:12
I think his point is that nature ... discourages the discovery of lost information ... to put it mildly.
Or to put it bluntly , while no information is ever lost from any system, technically speaking, in practice you will never recover it if sufficient damage happened to it.
Take a piece of paper, burn it and in theory you can recreate it piece by piece through researching its ashes and gasses, in practice the problem is so unbelievably hard that you can as well call it impossible.
Well recovering a brain with ice crystals within is multiple orders of magnitude harder than that.
And I can appreciate the saying "sci-fi of today is science fact of tomorrow". But that's quite worse than that. I mean ancient peoples could see Andromeda in the sky, as far back as 100000 years ago. But we are not any closer to reaching it, not really. Intergalactic travel is practically forbidden from all known laws of nature.
We will probably reach other stars ... soonish. Other galaxies? Forget it...
Well recovering lost information is even harder than *that*...
@_date: 2018-08-04 15:43:12
*Exactly* which is why I called the market retarded. This was the greatest news regarding adoption since forever. Never before did a mainstream agent decided to create a bridge between a national currency and an international one, certainly not in the modern era.
Ever since we went away from the gold standard, this is literally a first. I.e. to be able to use a non-national currency to buy products from one of the most mainstream chains.
@_date: 2018-08-06 12:47:05
Again, that's not what I'm saying.
I'm speculating that a time will come where the mining revenue would be way below the costs, it's inevitable markets move in cycles. 
Whatever that time may be it would be trivial for someone to garner a lot of hashpower for cheap from failed of failing businesses.
It's not a leap to think that whoever that actor may be, can well use said power to attack the network and thus manipulate the market.
Bitcoin has not hard forked since its start. At least not as far as PoW algos go. Whenever that may happen it will  bankrupt the business model of many mining corporations by that time . It would be a grand event (depending on how big Bitcoin would be by then). It's not something one can decide lightly, and certainly it would be something that the community would reject. 
Therefore there has to be an automatic way for such a decision, a timebomb of sorts which will be triggered if difficulty goes waaaay lower and stays there for a time, as well as measures in the meanwhile which would make an hypothetical attack hard to impossible.
@_date: 2018-08-23 15:51:38
Well 95% of them is crap. 
But in fact, you will find , I'm one of the few in this sub to think that at least some alts have merit. So I'm not your guy. Surely there is plenty of negative sentiment against alts, a lot of it is justified, I'm just not one of them. I just find them an extremely risky asset class (if BTC is risky then alts are "out-of-this-world, boggles-your-mind" risky) and as long as people know that I'm ok with people buying them. I won't bash them for buying alts, if anything I bash them for selling them so deep into a BTC season.
@_date: 2018-08-28 22:36:32
Never before was Apple as clearly better than its competition. I am following the market since the early 1990s. What happens right now literally never happened to Apple.
 Even if they completely stop for 2 years they would still be competitive, that is how far ahead they are from their competitors. Again this has never happened before to Apple (and to most of any other company).
I do not have a crystal ball which is why I do not recommend to investing in Apple, they can always bring this dominance to a close by a series of bad moves, but as long as they do not happen they are so clearly in the lead that they feel unchallenged.
In a slow year for flagship sales Apple posted greater profits than the last year. When you have the capacity to go counter to the market trend , especially if you are as big, you are a force to be reckoned.
 BTW it was those very results what pushed apple to break the 1 Trillion market cap (another first in world history, but you can convincingly support that the stock exchange is on a bubble and I wouldn't disagree too much there).
The things they do defy expectations and IMO it *is* grounded to how very superior are they technically at this point.
@_date: 2018-08-28 18:43:24
No it is also the best hardware.
Passive biometrics is at least 2 years in the future yet Apple had it in one of her products by 2017. The Ax CPU is by far the most technically accomplished in order CPU per watt. The rest will catch up next year, or the year after. First phone to almost completely eliminate the frame around the screen.
Similar stories on their tablet. 120Hz in such a tiny footprint, most advanced (latency wise) pen input. All those are facts from within the industry and agreed upon even by competitors (many of which I am often in correspondence with).
Sure Apple is selling image, but lately it is mostly hardware. I personally know way too many non Apple fanatics switching into apple simply because they wanted the best hardware and it shows in sales/profits. They go up, not down.
People down vote me because they do not know basic facts about the industry that I am intimately connected with. They can merely look at Apple's official profits charts and see they are going up, not down...
@_date: 2018-08-27 19:22:31
People here only like Pollyannas, hate it when someone is bringing bad news. I was equally voted down calling the top of $8500. People here are constantly in disbelief, it must be getting tiring.
@_date: 2018-08-26 10:32:15
Yeah for a reason too. Google gave up on tablets and reverted to netbooks that nobody wants or needs...
@_date: 2018-05-12 18:48:21
This is a new type of currency that extant laws may not be too fitting. If several millions of usd was lost, maybe recovering even a part of them could be enough for those from whom they were "lost". 
Similarly. If someone lost 1000 bitcoin (back then) and only gets 200 (now), he would be more than happy, given that he'd probably not have held to begin with, so he's getting more than his money worth already...
I don't see where JPY enters the equation. It's not gold or diamonds that was lost...
The market would escape being butchered as well...
@_date: 2018-08-11 15:16:48


That's the point , you need anything that can calculate anything. I guess you can make your motherboard cheaper by throwing out stuff like audio and ultra fast ethernet, but it would be marginally so and in the end you won't be able to compete with mobile computers anyhow (per watt processing of mobiles is quite greater than it is for bigger computers).


I do realise that. And the more complexity you put on it the more it starts resembling a traditional computer in performance and efficiency and eventually you/it will have to compete with the likes of Qualcomm and Apple in things like power consumption and performance. Good luck with that...
@_date: 2018-08-20 20:10:02
Doubt it, Bitcoin opened the world into having and using multiple currencies for different circumstances, "the tokenization of the world". It most probably inadvertedly killed the " one coin for all" that centralized currencies introduced.
In certain ways it takes us 3000 years back, where each society had several spending and non spending assets at once  (feathers, shells, gem stones ... etc, etc).
@_date: 2018-08-24 19:02:51
That's OK, I understand that. In no way do I think it as a failure of bitcoin. I am just saying that this bear burnt even altruistic coins and people many of whom I know personally that are as far from a scammer as you can get.
Yet you see alongside Bitconnect (which was an aggressive scam) things like folding coin and grid coin that are purely altruistic , to be burnt.
IMO maximalism is wrong for that exact reason. Because it cannot differentiate between vile people (Bitconnect scam artists) and actual altruists. To bitcoin maximalism everything is a scam and IMO that's an unacceptable position. 
Many of those smaller coins have actually benefitted the world already (both folding and grid coin multiplied by an order of magnitude the compute that was/is given to charitable causes), this is commendable and I scarcely hear about such attempts (I had to dig even to find them). The world is not partitioned between Bitcoin and scam artists is all I am saying.
@_date: 2018-08-28 20:48:47
Look, I am an industry insider , I am telling you how things are. You have no reason to get as jumpy.
Secondly I am telling you for a second time that I do not own any Apple products, nor would I recommend buying Apple shares.
I am just telling you that they are probably the most technically accomplished company in the world.
This has nothing to do with subjectivity or whether those features are useful. You injected those parameters. I am just explaining away why Apple dominates.
Used to be the tenacity to create new product categories (00s), then it was the logo mostly (early 10s) but by now it is the quality. I am telling you so that you may not be surprised if said dominance continues.
If the rest start competing you will see a waning in demand. Until then Apple would be selling more and more. She is playing chess in a checkers board.
@_date: 2018-08-01 05:17:04
Tether's role was overstated. Tether pumped the pump that was already going in 2017 (bitcoin searches were through the roof). It cannot start pumps on its own...
@_date: 2018-08-11 18:10:58
No you wouldn't , you'd be dead (if you were late 20s back then).
Long term investments are stupid as long as people live so little. By the time you have gained from them you've lost so much of your body function that you could as well feel that you lost.
$1000 in your 20s is so much more worthy than $10000 in your 70s. Keep that in mind before making a long term investment...
@_date: 2018-08-22 00:01:27
Well I am not a trader, I just trade on the side when things are too obvious. For example the rejection/delay of CBOE ETF was easy money. Wouldn't just pass it up.
When things are uncertain I don't trade.
In this instance the possibility of weak hands selling again is great so I short. It's not my fault that they are dumb f*cks . I mean they want to overreact over a useless ETF? Let them I short them to oblivion and then , eventually , I buy more BTC.
@_date: 2018-08-10 22:44:26
Bitcoin an an investment vehicle is like a bicycle on crack. Interesting if you want to make some memories, completely insane to put anything other than disposable income into it. 
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:56:09
Still made my money back in that flash crash to 6200 range (I was previously liquidated by the Bitfinex/Bitmex manipulation)
@_date: 2018-05-25 12:44:23
GPUs do not have kill swithces. It's far easier to 51% attack an asic mined network. Last month alone a couple of the cryptonote networks were attacked. All those attacks stopped once they switched back to ASIC resistance.
 Let's not pretend that ASIC based networks are less centralized when 80% of them were manufactured by one company with the expressed will to gain hashrate over networks. It's basically why cryptonote networks forked, game theoretically ASIC based networks are bound to be attacked. Bitcoin is only saved because it grew too big too early on and it's expensive to be attacked. 
Smaller ASIC mined networks are/were attacked all the time. It's harder to attack through owning a known pool rather than owning the miners. Have enough miners at your disposal, you start mining privately, nobody knows a thing since you do not transmit any information and you are only known by the time the attack is complete. It's extremely lethal to smaller networks. 
Smaller networks have no choice but be ASIC resistant and somehow given incentives for pool diversity (say smaller rewards for a pool when its overall network footprint is greater than 25%)
@_date: 2018-05-16 10:40:44
There are other ways that are IMHO better than a deflationary currency.
Like -say- a universal basic income being paid in an inflationary unit. Meaning that if you "bury it" it will go "poof" but if you use it ("putting it back to the economy") it will give incentives to the economy + you are going to have a better quality of life.
Don't take me wrong, deflationary assets have their place, I just don't think they will ever become our main spending unity. People tend to hodl deflationary assets and spend the inflationary ones...
@_date: 2018-08-27 13:37:30
They are bad at it too. Those who expect rapid recovery are fooling themselves . We had a bearish cross in March (50 SMA crossed 200 SMA). It has only happened two times in the past. In both times Bitcoin needed anywhere between 18 and 38 months to retest ATH. So mid 2019 at best, 2020 to 2021 more realistically.
The bearish cross is no small deal. For 50 SMA to cross the 200 SMA in downwards fashion you *need* sellers to be more populous than buyers for at least 2 months. And when that happens for an extended period of time it means that some people simply gave up and you need fresh investors. New investors don't come at the drop of a hat and unless the 50 SMA  crosses the 200 SMA again, it means that the the recent downwards pressure is still greater than the less recent one (I.e. there are still more sellers on average).
Unless I see 50 SMA recrossing the 200 SMA for a time I expect this bear to continue, either sideways or downwards. Simple as that.
@_date: 2018-08-10 23:24:14
I don't have to be. There is a thing called emergence. I.e. an emergent order that is often created by very complex systems.
Worrying about USD losing its value in short or medium term future  is like worrying about aliens. I mean there is a possibility but you would be a fool to be losing sleep over it, there are much more immediate dangers.
USD devaluation is not happening any time soon. I am willing to bet a large sum to that.
@_date: 2018-08-29 21:55:25
I made money by shorting at 7k and buying at 10k.
At such a volatile market trends are more important than pricing.
Sell (or short) on a falling market, buy (or long) on a rising market. You'd lose during trend reversal but you'll gain in most of the other occasions. You'd be net positive if you do it relentlessly and using set amounts (instead of arbitrary ones).
In my case my winning are going to increase my BTC stash (because long term it is obviously going up)
@_date: 2018-08-15 07:34:08
The sentiment is incredibly negative. My current goal is 3-4k. If however I see a reversal in sentiment, I.e. Bitcoin stops falling on high volume and rising on thin volume I would consider reentering no matter the price.
My rule of thumb is to follow the sentiment and the sentiment tells me *not* to buy right now, so I've set my buys on the 3k range. If I see a reversal I'll buy market a few days after the reversal happens. 
For example back in June I sold at 6.2k because I thought we were going lower. Indeed we went, especially when we broke 6k I was sure that we go a lot further down. But for some reason 6k was eventually held, so I rebought at 6.2k once I saw the sentiment change. Winklevii bros stopped this run so I sold around that time.
Now *this* time I expect what June didn't manage to do, I.e. break below 6k reliably. If I'm right we free fall, no way we stop at 5k, unless it is a short lived break. Next real support is at 3.2k , not 5k.
IMO holding Bitcoin is far worse than simply trading in such a predictable market. Obviously don't day trade, but trade in a timescale of weeks or months is pretty doable even for a dim person. Bitcoin is easily on of the least unpredictable markets, despite its volatility. So slowly but surely accumulate without ever having to add new capital.
@_date: 2018-08-23 17:29:20
I do not own much in alts. I am just not going to sell them so deep into BTC season. Long term they may be going to zero, don't care, I'm just not going to sell them after a 4 month downtrend. I am selling in bounces never in downtrends and since my investment in them is small I can hedge my bets much more easily.
As for the bear affecting the cycle, agreed. But I'm referring to Dec 2014, whilst we were deep into bear territory when the alts got a bounce unlike any other for years/months since. Alt bounces can and do happen with bear seasons, they are less violent and probably less frequent it is all.
@_date: 2018-05-13 06:10:25
At some point you start to wonder. Maybe those men knew that the theft was happening but let it happen anyway knowing that the Japanese law would be lenient with them. So they took a gamble and is now working in their favour.
So at this point the trustee is sinking the market so that to make a fellon richer? Why should the shareholders take anything at all? They're liable for letting the theft happen. Even if they were not in on it, they should -still- not take a dime , their carelessness cost a lot more to others.
The more I learn about this case, the more insane it sounds...
@_date: 2018-08-27 13:27:20
To create $1 from bitcoin mining was never as expensive as it is today (in megajoules).
Mining *is* dying, just slowly. Unless price can keep up with it miners will eventually start shutting down allowing for a vector of attack.
I merely look at the $ per MH/s chart and compare it with the best available miner each era. The results are disappointing....
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:29:13


They are a single point of failure. That's a big no no if one gains access to them or has a nefarious purpose. The networks won't be attacked by the miners but those that attacked the miners. Once you have a single point of failure it becomes much easier to attack it.


Yes they did. Most cryptonote networks are back at being decentralized again. By calling them centralized doesn't make them so. If you insist in this (silly really) point I will back it up with data.
Graft network is not attacked anymore. Sumo network is not attacked anymore. 80% of mining prowess on monero does not come from an unknown source anymore (private pools?)


PoW is done by those who manufacture the ASICs. By putting a killswitch they ensure being able to kill whichever amount of them they like for a short while and control the network if they so wish to. They are in complete and total control of those networks and once it becomes profitable enough they *will* attack them (as they did attack cryptonote networks).


Heh, interesting for you to say. You repeat a mantra that is not supported by facts.


Now they are not. Once ASICs were booted both the sell walls on exchanges and the attacks stopped.


Again with your mantras. First I wrote Asic resistant , not asic proof. But you know what, even asic proof is possible at this point. Just upgrade the PoW every 6 months (in an automatic but random way so that the devs won't be that "single point of failure") and no asics will touch your network. Hmmm, now that I think about it, that's *exactly* what cryptonote networks do which is why most new pow projects are on it, instead of sha 256, ethhash or equihash (all asic vulnerable and to be abandoned long term).


Decentralized and very possible you mean to say if the reward system is baked in the original algorithm and takes in accordance the amount of shares a pool produces before giving out the block reward. Basically giving non equal rewards that end up being the same total at the end of the day (statistically speaking).
@_date: 2018-08-05 16:01:27
People are moved more by ulterior motives than good will, especially when livelihoods are on the line.
Every time I bring up this issue I'm being voted down which tells me that people are a bit delusional here, at least as far as their ideas of human nature goes.
Problem with human nature is that even if 99.9% of the people are good just one or a few bad actors are enough to spoil what you were building for years and that is getting increasingly more likely as bitcoin gets more and more mainstream.
My scenario is not far fetched at all either. Gold was/is an equally manipulated asset (price wise) and has had/great increases in its price, but also great descreases too. Great thing about gold is those decreases do not harm its long term viability, but in bitcoin's case they may well do *because* a way opens to bad actors to get in (once difficulty -ultimately- will start going down).
I'm not bringing up this issue to be a downer -even- I merely do so that the community may find ways to prevent such a scenario, because by the time the conditions are ripe (for it to play out) it would be too late...
@_date: 2018-05-25 03:37:57
Like I said. It didn't break $10000 (I was referring to that exact event).
As trends fall, every high is not as high as the last. 
After 20k,  we got 17k (next high), then it was 12k, this time 9.8k. Next time it would be less still.
Unless the public gets in, bitcoin would respond poorly. This is true since 2013 at least, there is a positive correlation between google trends and price. You can check it if you wish.
Prices typically don't continuously fall, which is why we get the ever dwindling local peaks.
I also said that the situation is reversible, all you have to do is make the public interested again.
Btw I didn't get where you disagree. Do you dispute that every high is quite lower than the last?
@_date: 2018-08-26 18:52:28
Again I can't see how can that be the case. I cannot go in case by case comparisons but I am mostly certain that iPad has most if not all the necessary tools to manage , create (basic stuff) and especially consume. 
Heck even content creation is set to get a boost with full Photoshop being released this year or the next. Apple really do caters to software developers, especially those exclusive to her platform(s).
And to be clear I do not think that the iPad is an ideal situation, I am merely comparing it to Chromebooks. Which typically come with lower end chipset , less software support (actually) way lower battery, better keyboard (but you do have a choice of keyboard in iPads some of which are quite good), no portrait use, quite heavier. It is pretty much a nightmare.
Even its cost advantage is mostly eliminated by the latest iPad line (non pros) which can be found for $300 (a bit above or below depending on the version).
Also your statista link clearly shows Apple as the top sellers and quite possibly at higher average costs too.
I can agree that ipads may not be ideal for schools because of their locked down nature, but bringing back netbooks was/is certainly not the answer either. Google has to rework android tablets, to allow them have a keyboard for typing and a portrait mode for reading (a thing you would think schools would need) and finally merge the damn OSes instead of confusing everybody by having two very similar OSes that are also mostly incompatible (you have to use a compatibility layer to install play apps). 
I mean what's this?
@_date: 2018-08-20 10:57:31
Again, those articles are confused.
Hashrate is only now catching up to the late 2017 price increase, some of which "residue" we still have.
Hashrate is a function of a certain coin's mining profitability. As long as it is profitable to mine bitcoin miners would increase the hashrate. It is as simple as that.
With average bitcoin cost at the $5000 range it would be silly not to add hashing power. If -hoowever- you see a significant selling pressure to bitcoin *from this point on* you would see it reflected to the hashrate chart as well. So don't be too hopeful . 
Hashrate chart only tells whether mining bitcoin is profitable -still- on average or whether it is not. A reversal would mean that we are getting in a "pain period" unlike any we have faced in the past. So how about we do not wish for it
@_date: 2018-05-16 11:41:28
I don't think anyone in particular would steer the spending of those particular currencies (having the model I've described), it would be more along the line "those are the assets that are better off to be spent, and those are the assets that are better off to be hoarded". 
IMO bitcoin, much like gold is better suited to be held rather than spent, in our current crypto environment Doge coin is the best one to be always liquid. Meaning that a sort of natural selection would sort which coins would be more liquid and which ones would be less...
@_date: 2018-08-07 13:31:47
Yeah, spoofing seeds would be one issue that I thought of of randomly generated algorithms. As long as you know the seed you know the algorithm it will be generated and thus optimize for it. If you can find a way to always spoof the seed "you" can always be ahead of the curve and basically be hashing a million times faster than anybody else, taking over the network.
It's good that you feel the need to isolate the engine from the daemon.
@_date: 2018-05-12 19:53:22
Even if they are to be sold. 
It is to what end? If they are to settle the damages, I'd think that that has already happened during the mass sales of January and February, I'd think that those were enough JPY to settle the damages, but even it wasn't, soon we'd be there (given that Bitcoin is already 20 times more valuable than it was at the time of the bankruptcy).
Meaning that there would be outstanding bitcoins that the law has nothing to do with. They are in fact owed to those from whom they were stolen, but if the Japanese legal system insists that damages should be paid in JPY it would then have to decide what will happen with the *rest* of the stolen goods. Honestly, anything short of distribution back to the creditors seems to be wholly unfair and probably immoral.
So if they are to distribute the wealth back to the creditors already, then what's the point of the trustee? Just do it from the get go and only liquidate the tiny amount needed for paying the independent contractors (those not owed bitcoin).
It seems to be an unduly complicated case, without reason mostly. I mean the trustee keeps crashing the market doing something that is questionable to begin with...
@_date: 2018-05-16 06:29:27
Inflationary currencies make the self fulfilling prophecy that the  future would be better so you are better off investing.
Deflationary ones make the phophecy that the future would  be worse so you're better of hodling.
Inflationary economics were always more sound. Inflation being controlled by a few select people (those controlling the printing)... less so.
Like the ability to choose assets that are of deflationary nature, don't expect them to replace inflationary systems of economics. Hopefully they would exist in parallel, adding a pressure to their unchecked nature (whenever it presents itself).
IMO the ultimate  currency of the future would be both trustless and inflationary, but its inflationary aspect would be grounded to actual indicators of the economy instead of being left to "gurus" that often don't know what they are doing.
@_date: 2018-08-03 23:59:22
51% attack (and then inside trade based on the price action that your event caused)
Almost impossible to do now. Basically the whole of the world's hashpower (in SHA256) is mining bitcoin, far easier to do if difficulty goes to 1/5th, stays there and there are enough people (with sitting miners) to convince to join your "dark pool".
If Bitcoin falls to $1000 it's difficulty would follow. Bitcoin would be in danger, it's not a case of "we survived it before, we'll survive it now", you didn't survived *this* before, back then worldwide hashpower was 1/10th than it is currently.
@_date: 2018-08-21 23:52:29
Two ways to accumulate BTC. One way is throw fiat to it. Another is short , gain fiat and then buy BTC.
First 10 days of August were very easily predictable. And in general shorting during downtrends is making you money more often than not. You just have to know where/when you will be closing your positions (don't perpetuate it for no reason) and of course you always secure the gains (you don't short with them again, instead you keep them to buy more BTC long term)
Obviously some shorts won't go your way . But as long as the majority does you are good.
Shorting during downtrends is very similar to buying/longing during uptrends. You mostly gain than lose. You just gain less (through shorts). So obviously an uptrend is better. During downtrends I buy BTC through shorting gains, during uptrends through fiat
@_date: 2018-05-12 07:24:27
Is it not illegal what he does?
Those bitcoins were stollen from mt gox users to begin with. Now that the Mt Gox has repaid all its debt, why doesn't he return them to the users as a percentage of what they initially owned (in bitcoin).
I don't get why further liquidation is needed. Who is benefitting from this exactly?
@_date: 2018-08-26 10:31:08
Venezuela proved that the collapse of a strictly controlled, small time fiat benefits crypto... *Because* it is an outlet to the external economy which still thrives.
It didn't prove that the collapse of USD, of stock market, of the derivatives market would do any good to Bitcoin there would be no external market to go to...
@_date: 2018-08-26 15:39:47
There is nothing that Chromebook does that an iPad doesn't do better. Like I said this is an american thing, most of the rest of the world happily uses an iPad which is also why the Chromebook sales are almost exclusively US only.
You need the keyboard, the touchpad, the clamshell design for serious work, like editing, coding , in general creating stuff. All things that Chromebooks precisely suck at. In everything else an iPad is like one million times better, even a simple word/excel document is better done on the tablet form factor.
IPads ate the launch of netbooks, then google foolishly returned them from the dead thinking it will triple sales by 2017 (didn't) and mostly sells them to universities and schools that don't know any better.
Again where I'm from I never see a netbook, I mean Chromebook, this is a zombie product straight from 00s...
Obviously there can be niche uses. But if Google instead developed android to support tablets and transitional laptops we wouldn't need all this confusion. There is absolutely no need for two OSes in such similar use cases.
If Google wants to transition to heavy duty content creation, fine. Bit Chromebooks are simply not that, very weak, low battery, generally less at everything.
@_date: 2018-08-09 23:36:25
Such a ridiculous quote. The further back you go, the more violent the world gets, provably so. In fact we probably live in the most peaceful era in the history of humankind. Most people haven't seen conflict, most people haven't had to fight for their life.
There's something sinister about a central authority controlling money supply, but generation of war due to it does not seem to be one of its characteristics. Wars seem to be more connected with a multipolar world and also a less interconnected world (for example if the anti-globalists get their way...)
@_date: 2018-08-21 19:36:10
Minefield literally.
It explains why the market goes sideways. It expects no acceptance, therefore you see no rise, yet it is not 100% sure of the rejection , so no dump yet (until the decision is in)
So what we are going to see is: sideways -&gt; decision -&gt; dump -&gt; sideways... Etc , etc.
After all those ETF applications are finally over BTC would be on the 3k range, I'm shorting really hard right now. Obviously I'll close my short if any of those gets accepted (we will get a rally), but since I do not expect that I just short and then keep shorting. 
Once we will actually reach the 3k region I'll use my gains to massively buy BTC, heh such an easy market.
@_date: 2018-08-02 08:57:29


@_date: 2018-05-26 20:57:20
Nope, higher chance of 51%. Only few can own the new more efficient ASICs in massive rate. When you see a rapid rise of the hashrate the actual chance of a 51% attack rises. 
Any network that saw a 51% attack saw a rapid rise of its hashrate just beforehand. It's not hashrate that keeps your network secure, it is diversity. Hashrate is mostly just numbers, diversity is a game theoretical equilibrium (what you need for a secure network).
All in all it is bad news for bitcoin. It means it gets even more centalized.
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:32:46
Depends on how you measure it.
Those who try to make a point (i.e. ideologues) do so by measuring the wealth gap in absolute numbers. But that is irrelevant. Logarithmically the wealth gap of the middle ages and especially antiquity was far greater. Never before so few live in absolute poverty as a percentage of the population as they do today,..
@_date: 2018-05-27 00:30:28
Can't decipher what you are talking about at this point.
No, you cannot make an ASIC which would be flexible enough as to not be rendered useless once monero devs take hold of it and change their algo accordingly.
It's not impossible to create something that has not yet been made. For example ETH created a tokenized blockchain (didn't exist before). Monero possibly found a method that makes attacking its network very expensive.
BTW you "masterfully" sidestepped my argument and you have yet to tell me a more secure network than Monero's. Certainly it can't be bitcoin's , it's a child's play to attack it (brick the non-bitmain controlled ASICs), in fact it can't be any of the bitmain controlled networks.
Possibly ETH's . But either of the two will happen first, either it will become Bitmain controlled (already in the process), or turn to PoS which gives undue power to big holders (but I have to content that it may be equally expensive to attack it).
Now you have another that it is not controlled by Bitmain and you are claiming that it will sooner , than later. What are you *talking* about ? It's not a perpetual machine, you always have an external force putting energy on the system (the continuous change of the PoW). Someone makes a claim that Bitmain will win the race. OK, let's see them try, 'till now Bitmain was killing sitting ducks...
@_date: 2018-08-24 15:23:06
You don't need to. Many of those smaller coins/tokens can be exchanged on decentralized exchanges. Even the exchange itself is trust less.
Like I said , we have the technology. It's a waste for it to go to waste.
@_date: 2018-08-14 10:13:19
Its value to the world changed. In one case you could afford an easy life until you were old (if you owned 100 of them), in the other I guess you can/could buy an expensive car, but that's about it.
Bitcoin's valuation vs the real world is of immense value to what people think of it.
@_date: 2018-05-16 16:34:02
It applies in all complex systems over time. Eventually something that works overrides anything else. 
It's pretty much why disparate societies have common mores despite never being in contact with one another...
Like I said necessity over reason.
@_date: 2018-08-18 09:03:03
You can have both, quite obviously. It is not rarity what gives USD worth, it is might.
Just check all the USD charts since early 2018. USD is in a rally. Whether there was more or less of it I doubt it would affect it.
I know the Econ 101 statement that says both demand (how much people want something) and supply (how much of it is produced/offered) is what affects the price of an asset. 
But in case of the US dollar it is mostly demand. No matter how much of it is there, the demand simply rises with the supply, because the source of the dollar's power is not its usefulness or willingness of people to have it, but rather US's might.
It is a hedge of the US against the world. Basically if all goes to sh*t US will left standing, as it happened in WW2. That is the hedge people are making when buying US dollars. And they buy them like crazy. Trump presidency made the dollar ultra powerful for some reason (it's funny too because Trump wanted a weaker dollar, but I digress)
@_date: 2018-08-17 08:56:57
Monero addresses problems that those 3 don't.
Specialized coins can do things that those 3 can't (for example foldingcoin that nobody ever heard in here multiplied Folding usage and thus research by 10x)
There is an obvious space for more than 3 coins. Obviously that number can't be 3000 (as it is today) , but certainly 3 is too little of a number. The real number of potentially useful coins is closer to 3 than 3000, but certainly not as little as 3 (or 1 for that matter). 
IMO that is one more innovation of Cryptos, I.e. specialized money that is sometimes (but not generally) useful.
@_date: 2018-08-19 17:38:06
By soonish I meant next few millennia. Homo species is on this planet a few *thousands* of millennia, so a few millennia is nothing in the grand scheme of things.
@_date: 2018-05-27 00:55:34
What I can say of the current situation is that we're going down long term. The only other comparable time in Bitcoin's history was early 2014:
See how very similar is the relation between SMA 200 and SMA 50 as it was in 2014.
Don't know how long this winter will be, but it *will* be a winter (SMA 200 being higher than SMA 50). The situation is different than 2014 (different fundamentals) but the dissapointment is on similar levels. 
The healthier fundamentals may make the current disappointment short-live and investors may return. If not a long winter like 2014's is upon us... 
@_date: 2018-05-16 10:35:11
Well, i didn't mean it exactly as the *one*, more like "the model that is going to be mostly used". Trustless + inflationary in an automatic non-controlled (by people) fashion is probably what people would spend in the future. Never said it would be one currency specifically.
@_date: 2018-05-12 12:57:10
Here's hoping that you won't be saying the same 20 years from now.
IMO GPU companies should start expecting that this thing won't end soon, necessarily. Meaning that they probably have to ramp up production because there is untapped demand.
ASICs + MTGOX ended the last run. This time around is very different. Amidst ASIC resistant and work-producing coins (the kinds that use the processing power for some kind of work) this run may be long lasting...
@_date: 2018-05-17 11:49:30
...because it is easier to make money the more you have.
There doesn't need to be an overriding conspiracy. Leave things the way they can go and eventually some parties win big and others lose badly. It's always 've been so.
You need calculated intervention(s) to help things not to be that. Historically speaking we're living in some of the least inequal times. Inequality is through the roof, but in middle ages things were worse, I can't even start speaking about the antiquity. Kings and princes were living like ... kings and the rest of humanity lived in *absolute* poverty.
Not to say that we should not make the issue better, what I'm saying is that you can't tie it to one reason. I saw it in my very life. Starting from almost absolute poverty, my first $10000 were far harder than pretty much anything I've made since...
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:23:33
Well if you think so you still have all the work of the world ahead of you. There is nothing that correlates as postively with bitcoin price other than public perception/demand/google searches.
Since 2013 all Bitcoin price surges and slumps are already expected by google trends. For example I predicted this high will be lower than the last (as well as the December bull run) merely by looking at the Google search trends. That would not be possible if it was not for the tight correlation.
Next time you see google search trends for bitcoin jumping in a reliable manner (it lasts more than a week) the price would follow. I guarantee you that. As for now, google search tells us that we are in deep bear territory with no end in sight ... guess what prices also tells us...
Edit: Btw I never said that it will not surpass 10k. I said it won't under the current environment. If nothing changes , then the next peak will be lower than the last one (sub 9k?). We are still falling.
@_date: 2018-05-26 02:21:42


And how exactly do you suppose to do that? Once enough miners go to a coin its difficulty rises instantly.
To 51% the monero network you currently need $78 million worth of hardware no matter who you are. To attack the bitcoin network all you need is to temporarily brick most of the miners. If you are a Bitmain that's faar cheaper to organize. Probably a few thousands at most at this point (bitmain already made the costs back from the ASICs that are to complete the attack).


OK you're definitely trolling at this point. The power went from one pool which controlled almost 80% of the network to multiple ones that controlled less than 40%. You know de-centrilization as in "the opposite of centralization".


Bitcoin started as a shitcoin and it will return to that status if Bitmain decides to attack it.


The fact that you may think that you make conversation is astounding. But I'll bite:
No pool owns more than 50%. Before the fork one owned 98% of it.


Oh they were known before the fork too. They were the bitmain pool. Look what happened to it
Before the fork: 
Right now: 
See? That's how decentralization happens. There's a centralizing factor and you *rip* it out. You and your bitmain cronies must be crying right now.


It possibly talks about FPGAs. ASICs are not flexible by defintion. They are *application specific* ICs.
FPGAs are more expensive to program and manufacture (and thus sell) than GPUs and the gains they give are hardly worth the cost. 
I'm sure Bitmain will try, we have no reason to believe it will work.


It most possibly does. The link you gave me conflates FPGAs and ASICs. Not very useful.


Completely irrelevant to my point. 
Also nothing I've told you is something that "shitcoins" use. It is not being used. It's a method to make a 51% attack *even* more expensive. It was a response to your "impossible to do"
Basically the more expensive you make the attack to happen the less the chances that it will.
At it stands it's very cheap (relatively speaking) on SHA-256 networks (all bitmain has to do is to temporarily brick all the ASICs *not* in the approved IPs , i.e. hers, for a few minutes).
You have yet to give me an equally cheap manner for this to happen on a GPU based network. BTW ad-hominems is not "making an argument" it is having your head in your ass...
@_date: 2018-08-19 19:03:11
In fact other creatures can already travel to Andromeda. Certain bacteria can remain "asleep" for 250 million years at least 
And then be awakened to whichever planet they may land in Andromeda.
But again that's neither interesting nor my initial argument to begin with...
@_date: 2018-05-16 16:32:28
I don't believe that either, which is why I wrote that a currency that is inflationary/deflationary status would be always changing according to the circumstances would be the best. That's better than a fixed inflation/deflation of the currency.
@_date: 2018-05-26 14:33:11
Not really if the Chinese Government pays them several billion to do so. If -say- the Chinese find it a thorn in their sides.
IMHO this ugly business should never had started. At this point bitcoin is mostly in need of being on Bitmain's good graces.
An alternative is what the monero netword does. A continuous upgrade cycle in the hopes that ASIC creation is too expensive and thus hard to control the network(s) in question.
@_date: 2018-08-04 04:30:46
EU is exceptionally popular within EU
Only those outside it (and UK) seem to be skeptical of it. I wonder why that is. Maybe people do not want to return in a kind of Europe where they could scarcely move/sell their products/ compete? I dunno
@_date: 2018-05-24 09:22:10
First off markets do not repeat themselves. They rhyme but they rarely if ever repeat themselves...
Secondly what happened in 2014 was vastly different than the one happening now. Back then things were dismal and crypto (as a whole) narrow escaped irrelevance. Thankfully we're not there (yet). *If* sth similar repeats there is a good chance that we do not survive it (reason "two" why we're not in the 2014-2015 situation).
Reason 3 of course is that we're also in a completely different market right now. With actual money thrown to the market closing the dozens of billions (not talking about marketcap here), almost 100 times more than then, we should expect the market as a whole to act very differently. Many more interests , many more people, harder to act in accordance to past performance.
Personally I don't a see a new ATH because of this: 
I also expect each high to be lower than the last due to the loss of interest that the above chart shows. *However* it can easily reverse leading to a new bull run as it happened multiple times in 2016 and 2017, in fact we're bound to a reversal of the trends since we're experiencing a 3-month fall since we "bottomed" in late Feb... But unless we back some of the "normies", don't expect any bull run of note. All Investments thrive with interest and die without it.
@_date: 2019-03-22 22:49:10
It *is "ln tokens", before you close a channel nothing is settled. It parallels the second layer that credit cards use so that to allow instant transactions despite the delayed settlement.
So visa money (the numbers you see on a visa purchase) is not " real money" *at the time of the purchase*. This is a settled process though and there is an understanding that visa money always settles for the national currency eventually, so nobody calls it " a token".
BTW I don't understand how exactly "you lost money". Bcash + BSV combined lost 93% from their peak, Bitcoin lost 80%, meaning that you lost an extra 60% than what you had lost if you remained " BTC only". However that's true on all crypto winters. Alts lose way more than BTC, but the opposite is true to bull markets. Those alts that survive *gain* way more than BTC. So in the end it may be proven wrong to say that you lost any money. 
Come Bull market BCH and BSV may gain more than BTC percentage wise . This oa very real possibility *regardless* of the underlying tech. Merely due top the fact that it is easier to move coins with lower cap.
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:28:17
Yeah, that is how all religions think. That is what I try to avoid with my posts. Cut the religious aspects of this (or any) community and return it to earth.
The war will be won once I will be able to transact freely using my bitcoin, once I will have serious custody solutions short of burying my key somewhere in the desert and then propmptly forgetting where it was (so that I may avoid the ... "Wrench hack")
@_date: 2019-03-02 07:08:50
They wouldn't need to if mining was decentralized enough (I.e. anyone with a pc/phone could mine). IMO it has everything to do with Bitcoin and the walls it had inadvertedly risen to mining.
**Edit:** I always wonder who votes me down on the Bitcoin sub when talking about decentralized consensus. I'd think that this is a sub for enthusiasts, it seems that special interests leak in though, it is so strange. I can honestly think nothing more common sense than decentralized consensus, yet I am voted down . By whom?
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:22:26
Yeah, once average cost of electricity goes down (say solar/batteries go way down) we will see way higher hashrates *even if* price of the coin remains the same *and* no new hardware is released.
Definitely. The more people buy into renewables and eventually decrease the average price of a single kWh to the network the greater the hashrate will be.
@_date: 2019-03-03 03:01:27
My understanding is that nano (and others) had the idea to be used as money. Having said that, indeed none *is* used as money.
As for developing a competitor. If someone develops a better Proof of Work than Bitcoin's I can see people (and funds) being moved over, it is a pretty key technology and nobody seems to have an answer to basically what Hal Finney coded in 2006-2008.
Having said *those* I cannot imagine anyone taking over Bitcoin just yet. Even if there is someone better right now, it'd have to gain traction first which is especially hard.
State actors are out of the picture because they are not trusted by other state actors. They start with a giant disadvantage that I can't seem them overcoming. Basically why USD is open to being overcome (nations don't want to need to trust another nation).
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:00:53


No it couldn't. Not in a world where bitcoin is being traded for goods and fiat. Not in this world. There is a little thing called supply and demand, it is as predictable in its results as gravity is. I.e. people would start mining immediately and little by little stop once it gets progressively less profitable. Eventually they'd prefer buying the stuff (if they want to speculate) not freaking mine it. Hashrate follows price, not the other way around. It is true in all PoW networks.
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:20:39
One happened in early 2018, second is brewing now (weekly stoch RSI overbought, TXs fall majorly out of nowhere. When both happen Bitcoin lose 70-80% of its value. That is a crash)
@_date: 2019-03-19 22:48:18
Euro is way better than local currencies because the control of the supply is more distant ... and less personal.
In my country of birth when the government had the supply of the national currency people would lose half their work's value every 5-10 years because corrupt governments would print to facilitate their grandiose plans (and be reelected), with Euro things became much better in that front.
Obviously Bitcoin is much better than either, however most of those movements across Europe are not necessarily our friends. They are anti-euro because they want the opposite of Bitcoin (a deflationary global currency), they want a (typically much more inflationary) local currency. So it is weird to see Bitcoin adopted by some of those groups.
Bitcoins supports a single currency for the whole world and basically a single economic policy, those people want to go back to isolationism...
@_date: 2019-03-03 10:39:31
The story "on the ground" though is formed more by necessity than social Norms. Greater parts of USA's population is urbanized and thus more strictly policed than China's. 
Also the police state as is expressed in USA in a perverse way does fit with extreme forms of Calvinism where social value has more to do with what one achieves rather than some arbitrary way or idea of "virtue". The incarcerated individuals do help those not incarcerated to more easily rise in the ranks of competitive enterprises as well as fulfil other individuals' need for " achievement" (prison population is very often used to minimize costs of certain works that would otherwise be much more costly to operate). 
IMO the reasons for incarceration rates in US in particular are much more shallow than they are in China, for example you won't see many political dissidents or writers in prison, you'd mostly see people who would otherwise not work (youth with drug habits, petty thieves) to be forced to enter the "workforce". Working as an ideal instead of a mere duty is a Calvinistic idea after all.
Once automation gets better and the need for cheap working hands decreases so would the incarceration rates would (in US). I fully expect that. I.e. imprisonment is not used as a way to set a social tone in US, it is used to force work to certain segments of the population that do not necessarily abide by Calvinistic ideas. IMO it is -still- Calvinism, merely at its extreme form.
@_date: 2019-03-03 09:36:34
I honestly doubt that this is a very realistic scenario to the west. One major force behind the industrial revolution and capitalism as we know it (social mobility through success in one's expertise) is rooted in Calvinism which in many ways is the opposite of social implementations of Confucianism and  Tao that are rife in China even to this day.
In short things like family standing, saving face , social value due to the opinions of your peers (and not necessarily your works) are things that very much build a big part of the Chinese social fabric to this day. The Chinese government basically use those extant mores often to control people.
On the other hand Social Calvinism (that very much forms the basis of what eventually became the dream of social mobility in the West) does not offer as many paths. People do care about the opinions of others but often not over their work, they also have alternative views of social value (I.e. "career" / expertise). IMO that alone is what made Western societies rich (often), I.e. people going over the top to get good at a craft and the being seen exemplaries due to that.
Not saying that dystopias won't be tried and even implemented to a point in the West, merely saying that it would be hard for them to take root and be passively accepted as it seems to be happening in China. Going against the state is often seen as necessary in the West, sloppy in the East even though they do agree that the state could always be better (still it is thought as a bad behavior to go against it; so people do it but they are not very affront about it which does make a lot of difference)
@_date: 2019-03-22 06:12:55
Seriously, micro payments have to become a thing on the internet. They open endless possibilities. IMO it should one of the widest used uses of Bitcoin. I'm still surprised that it hasn't taken off yet...
@_date: 2019-03-15 13:10:21
Yeah seeing an asset go from 20k to 4k is so hurtful if you short. Sadly I am not, although I should given the state of this community. You do not even try to change things, merely to "stick it to the man", which is stupid and inefficient. You -as a community- were handed one of the most potent financial tools of the digital era and only use it for bragging rights " nah, nah, nah, you can't have it".
A financial tool is meant to be used, traded, manipulated even. If people start using it then manipulation would matter less and less. Why should you be so afraid of it? If on the other hand is stop being accepted in major financial houses and remain in the realm of freaks and geeks it will change the world as much as Esperanto did: nil, Nada, zero.
I think it is very bad news and maybe a signal that the current bear trend is to be extended. We *really* need at least some institutional coverage. Else we are seriously left behind socially speaking. Already half the population thinks Bitconnect and Bitcoin is the same thing, heck the NZ killer says that he made money through Bitconnect. We are painted as evil, the *last* we need is being thrown out from financial houses...
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:49:14
I didn't say that it causes a crash. I said that it is correlated, I.e. the things that cause a crash also cause TXs to be lowered drastically a bit before the actual crash happens. 
People bury me because they don't want to believe it so they do the wrong thing by removing different views from the conversation. This is a very brutal reminder that this community will really let people fall before a big crash (as they did in 2018, warning voices were being buried en masse and people lost a fortune because they never had the chance to read the *reasons* why a crash was about to happen).
@_date: 2019-03-10 11:08:43
Txs per day decrease so majorly before a crash. It did it in 2013 and 2017
Venezuela is too small so that to make such a difference. It's the first time in Bitcoin's history that we 'll see two crashes within the same bear it seems. I am not sure that it survives that (if miners capitulate the network gets open to an attack , some may use the opening and kill Bitcoin)
**Edit:** It's good that you vote me down so that people won't make the connection and not be ready for what is coming. I remember being voted down (and buried) before the 2018 crash, you folk (that buried me) honestly and really did you take some people down because they never read posts like mine and didn't ready themselves for what is coming. Imagine if you had not buried me (and others like me) then, how many would had saved their neck. But nooo you can't have that. You don't like people telling you that we are going towards the shallows even if we really do.. It's reaaally worrisome that TXs are going down, there are people who have inside information of market movements and act accordingly (beforehand). That happens in every market, heed to their warnings.
@_date: 2019-03-01 06:41:43
George Orwell did not get people.
Orwellian systems work only wherever people are poor and/or without social mobility.
This can only happen if people accept it. For most of its history "the West" did not accept any of this, so there is a speculation going on expecting people to suddenly accept Soviet style regimes. It needs a major war or similar for people especially in the Anglosphere to accept such a thing. I don't think that most of anyone is very appreciative of Bosses.
It can easily happen in Soviet or post Soviet countries though. People are strangely passive there (it's always strange to see how much the Chinese people put up with. I mean there is literally no reason for them to, yet they do...)
@_date: 2019-03-03 16:06:51
The abuse of power can happen wherever there is more "power to be abused". In the instance of a well funded police (as compared to the Chinese equivalent) there are more things that a person in power can get away with *because* in such a society police is thought (from a top down perspective) as doing important work (drags non working parts of the society back to work. After all incarceration is very often heavy work in US. In most of the rest of the world you have to choose between prison or " social work", only in US is it so expressively *both*)
As for greater urbanization of the US really does drive the *need* for more policing which is of course further enabled when policing also means having direct or indirect quotas (a certain amount of arrests that should be done, etc). There is literally an industry of cheap labor in america. It is no secret and it almost never has to so with dissidence . The lower ranks of society are systematically going through said industry in alarmingly great numbers. 
Wherever there is more money there is more abuse.
Interestingly enough I do not have reasons to believe that abuse of power and general corruption does not happen in China. The punishments are merely worse when caught and the abuse does not necessarily happen on the streets against the common man. So on the surface things are more ... tight in the US, however if you dig deeper you can well make a career through being a polemicist of the status quo in America. You'd never be able to do similarly in China, you'd be blacklisted from everything. Even if it does happen in US it would be an "abuse" as you well put it, it won't be the very goal of the system. And long term it will make a great difference. 
From a western perspective the very goals of the Chinese state are corrupt to their core, as in that the main function of the state is often to be abusive of the considerations of the individual. So if it puts dissidents to jail then you cannot expect a push back *because* the state does what it promised to do. If something similar happens in the US (writers get increasingly arrested, content blocked, individuals ostracized at the levels we learn that it happens in China) then a push back would exist; in fact it happened with gays, blacks (only to a point). There is even a push back against police brutality.
The abuse seems to be a result of a badly working system rather than the goal. And like I said that does make a difference.
@_date: 2019-03-10 12:30:02
Mostly TXs' sudden fall. It very rarely happens if you check the chart. However if it is also to be paired with the overbought signal on the weekly chart you can expect a rather ... defining downtrend.
Obviously none can be sure about it. All I am saying is that all the recent times that both happened we had a drastic correction. A third clue is the double bottom on the weekly RSI back in 2015, however I don't think that that pattern has to repeat. It is less fundamental than TXs' decrease, which (as a signal) goes back to the very first crashes in the history of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-02 23:00:39
You are the one who said that I am part of AIPAC or whatever, you are legitimately insane or close to if you think that a talking point of the clinically insane is a talking point that you can throw in a polite company...
If you have reasons to believe something lay them out. If I found them stupid I will take them down (or attempt to), if not you'd be able to given them good support. You threw an Ad Hominem, I threw another back because you're obviously selling some agenda that I am not caring about.
If you want to converse, converse, that is why I am here about .  If you want to baselessly insult me don't waste my time, go do it to someone that cares for their time far less than I do.
@_date: 2019-03-15 03:27:23
Guess what else is not backed 1:1 to your local banks. Truth of the matter bank runs are rare and 1:1 backing is very rarely needed for the security of the/your funds.
However if enough FUD is released for USDT then maybe we do have a bank run and with it not being backed 1:1 it does cause people to lose money. Ironically enough Tether can only become what people fear (thin air) if and only if people fear hard enough. In such an instance fear brings the danger instead of danger bringing the fear...
@_date: 2019-03-15 05:39:32
I know exactly how difficulty works, I was a miner before most of this sub even knew what Bitcoin is.
My description is exactly how power consumption increases or decreases on a given network that follows PoW, back in 2013 even made an analysis in regards of the projected consumption that the bitcoin network can ever have if it reached $10000 , it is remarkable accurate to how it came out.
Reread my comment, you've certainly missed something (difficulty has everything to do with the price of one Bitcoin. The pricier a bitcoin the more people mine the higher the difficulty eventually gets)
@_date: 2019-03-02 06:37:04
Thank god that some official told you that you can mine Bitcoin... That is *exactly* what bitcoin is all about , permissioned access to its validation method and eventually (god willing) permissioned use.... 
Good god! What are we doing? Why shouldn't *everyone* be able to mine efficiently? If such immense barriers exist to mining (first the hardware and then the local authorities) then whoever is going to mine in 20-40-100 years? A walled garden would always be enjoyed by the wardens and nobody else. 
IMO Bitcoin should make a priority to revert mining to the people. If only a minority of professionals mine we'd get banking v2. Where your local bankers are eventually bought over by a multinational which in turn starts to hike rates and censor transactions at the behest of others (in case of Bitcoin fees or tx censorship or both)
@_date: 2019-03-04 06:26:19


It is important to the correct function of the network though.
As for your particular use. What it happens is that you added a 3rd player (on top of you and the pool operator). Nicehash basically (one way or another) send your calculation to one pool or another (whatever sha256 coin its users choose to mine at the time), meaning that not even nicehash is a mining node but wherever it sends your calculation *is* (has to be).
So , again, the choke point is the few mining nodes that exist right now around the world. For all you know they may be using your calculations to mine an alt chain in secret and suddenly post it To the network so that to cause a deep reorg and a general chaos to the market. *That* is the problem with not running your own mining node, you can become a weapon in the hands of ultra ambitious people .... 
Now *that* hasn't happened (to my knowledge) yet but it is exactly the kind of thing for which the stage is set when we have so few mining nodes, which IMO is far worse than not running enough full nodes. All full nodes can do is to validate whether a chain has enough proof of work to be valid, there is no way to invalidate an alt chain that is suddenly posted to the network and disrupts -say- 6 days of TXs, *because* it can have the necessary proof of work, *because* some super ambitious person would use people's hashrate to attack the network (for whatever reason). 
Interestingly enough Bitcoin is saved by not having enough strong enemies yet. That can change ofc the more popular it becomes, which is why -IMO- it should change its mining culture and fast (before its too late and the choke points are used against it). IMO it is the greatest outstanding issue with the network RN and its a clear weak point (not enough mining nodes)....
@_date: 2019-03-15 23:44:11
No, being forced away from family , friends and your social ties is even worse than not being financially independent. And that's true not only for me but also a lot more people than you can imagine.
And yes I did move from a 2nd world country as well (not quite 3rd world, but close) when younger and even then it felt like the wrong thing to do (why should I be *forced* to move) but I could rationalize it by saying to myself, "I didn't choose where to be born, I can at least choose where to live". 
And then I chose and made that place my own, I am not going to leave it all behind because some people want to let bitcoin under wraps. It is such a revolutionary technology that is has to come to me, not just  to me, to the whole world in fact. I'm done moving chasing an ever illusive dream, at some point one has to stop running and choose a place to build.
And part of said building is calmly explaining to people why financial freedom matters. My talking made people curious but at the same time I have the whole wide media demonizing the stuff, as if they are dead set to destroy my work of making bitcoin an easily understood and easy to accept concept. They change the subject, they try to make it seem like the tool of the devil, which is why when this community too joins them, it feels as if nobody is on board of what I understand  bitcoin to be, a **defacto** replacement of traditional money ... eventually.
All great revolutions happened little by little, by small logical steps replacing the last. Not by some bloody war, or rather those that were the results of bloody wars were far less impressive and long lasting than the logical ones.
Being accepted by big financial houses was/is the first step, then it is retail and eve tually people will replace venmo or what have you with something that is everything venmo wishes to be + a thousand things more...
@_date: 2019-03-15 00:20:54
Solar is too expensive, mostly because batteries are too expensive and cannot be used 24/7 fully (I.e. for mining) without depreciating like mad.
Investing on solar during the bull market maybe made sense because you could basically get them for free due to the hiking crypto prices. These days, so deep into the bear market? No way, you are better off simply buying the coin, if its price really does hike then you'd be able to build your little "green paradise", if it does not, oh well, you scarcely took a risk (by buying a fast depreciating hardware).
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:24:59
It is as high as it has to be so that noone would be tempted to 51% attack the chain. That's half of Bitcoin's brilliance, maybe more. It uses market forces to secure itself. Up until now we used ... antihacking measures. No, bitcoin actually pays "soldier" (miners) to protect it. It is beyond brilliant in fact, never saw such synergy of a technological product and the market *in its operation*....
@_date: 2019-03-15 06:27:13
Difficulties are exactly as high as they have to be (I.e. as high as the average miner would dictate it to be, which is to say that once the average miner is unprofitable most will simply switch them off and speculate by simply buying the stuff instead of mining it, once unprofitable miners are off difficulty goes slightly down and an equilibrium is again found where the average miner is slightly profitable)
@_date: 2019-03-03 21:45:03
A mining node is a full node that also mines. This is a well used terminology for some years now.
The only way for you to mine without running a full node is to mine using a pool, I.e. to be connected to someone else's full node, in that case you're not a mining node he/she/it is.
My statement was and remains that one million mining nodes are better than one million full nodes. Mining nodes choose which transaction would be selected, they are the ones that basically allow the network to work. Creating new coins via the coinbase is a secondary function of them that is only temporary. Eventually the coinbase would stop producing new coins and we'll end with 21 million minted coins full stop. By that point onwards the mining nodes would exclusively mine TXs and do nothing else. Then again that it is/was their most functional purpose to begin with, they perform proof of work which allow users to know which chain is correct and which is not.
The more decentralized the above process is the better. Right now we have only a few mining nodes (giant pools) holding disproportionate power. That is if they choose to mine empty blocks they would, if they choose to hike TXs end masse they would (be able to). They can well become a bona fide cartel. Our problem is not that we have too few full nodes. Well that *is* a problem, but an even greater problem is how far fewer mining nodes we have...
@_date: 2019-03-02 07:58:11
Increasingly difficult to get a big reward, but mined by everyone so that to get max decentralization. Increasingly difficult means that it does not become anyone's day job, that the rewards are too small for a centralization of any kind to make sense.
Your farm is a positive don't take me wrong. I'm sure that it is not big enough to dominate bitcoin, so my beef is not with you. Merely with an incentive system which allows centralization.
IMO the pooling of resources as well as the increasingly inaccessible mining are two problems that will always keep bitcoin back. That is to say that if some alternative coin has solved those two it can possibly surpass Bitcoin long term because it would be harder to be controlled by any one entity in particular.
IMO the dream is that everyone mines, not for the rewards merely to get access to content. Instead of ads, say every site expects you to mine and give your small reward to it (times one million if one million users ... use said website). That way you achieve max decentralization. 
The alternative is what haopoened with banking. At first all you needed was a table on top of which loans and exchanges happened. So every neighborhood had one ... banker. Then they became local buildings , so every couple of neiborhoods had one, then bigger institutions so whole regions had one or two banks and eventually everyone was bought off by 3-4 players that are now operating as a cartel.
 IMO bitcoin should follow the opposite route. I.e. first it was Satoshi, then it was the bitcoin enthusiasts and eventually is the whole world. Egalitarian use *and* validation of the coin. A coin from the people and *for* the people... 
@_date: 2019-03-04 10:32:34
Top 10 known pools control 80% of the hashrate. Incredibly easy to set up a cartel, that is very troubling.
We cannot easily know how more or less centralized the network is. We cannot know who is in cahoots with whom behind closed doors. IMO even a single player over 1% (controlling 1% of the network) is too much. Decentralization can happen once we can have no identifiable sources of power, we currently do and I can think of no way that it'll stop (the block-found variance issue is enough to push people into bigger pools).
The pooling of resources in general makes no sense on something you wish to keep decentralized. IMO it should be fined in the form of reduced coinbase for big players which (difference) will then go to the smaller players. That way you put a natural limit on how big a pool is (about 0.1% of the network). Same is true for dedicated mining, that makes little sense too. If the goal is max decentralization then you need as much of the lay population to be involved as possible, so the mining algorithm should be such that is at its most efficient by the kind of hardware that the population mostly uses. And it should be reviewable (the algo) every halving or so , so that to make sure that it remains at its most efficient when mined by regular people.
In general you want Bitcoin to be operated by the people *for* the people....
@_date: 2019-03-04 06:46:55
I have been a miner in the past yes (which is how I came to know those things). I have been out since 2014 though because I am not too interested to support a system that can be so easily abused. If something happens and I am again welcomed to join, I.e. local mining nodes start paying equally as much as remote ones I'd consider reentering. Until then I'm skittish because I.don't.know.what.my.hashrate.does ... when connected to others. I have to assume that it is used for good, because the network works still. I have to also assume that one day it won't though.
As it stands right now running your own mining node is very unprofitable because the chances of finding a new block is one in several hundreds of million, meaning that you won't be paid for some centuries at this point. I have frequently thought of running a local full node (a mini pool of sorts) for purposes of gathering the hashrate of the whole of my region, in which case it would indeed start becoming profitable, but gave up once a few inquiries I made, made it clear to me that miners would much prefer to connect to a more distant node as long as it pays more regularly (what it happens when you find blocks more regularly) than a local one that pays about the same amount of money but less regularly.
So in short I gave up and that is because the mining culture of Bitcoin is broken. Not unfixable mind you, which is why I still have faith to the project but certainly boroken. Back in the day a Bitcoin Dev even made a post that he was selling a lot of his Bitcoins for that very reason (among others). I can find his post if you wish to read his take on the subject (which is similar to mine's).
Ofc at this point I am not sure what it will take for the mining culture to change on Bitcoin, like I said the issue is not *that* great technically speaking, but culturally speaking it may be, in which case Bitcoin would indeed end up in the hands of a cartel at which point we have to hope that there will be a reaction. If not it endangers the whole concept or gives the capacity to some alt to surpass Bitcoin at some point (of the current ones none would because all the prominent ones have even worse mining/validation cultures ; but eventually someone may do just that)
@_date: 2019-03-11 00:40:58
May 2007 was a little before the price toped and cratered to $1800 (almost 50% fall) once it bottomed both the price and the TXs started rising. Then again TXs started falling and a bit after the price toped and the cratered to $6000 (from $20k).
So yeah, a fall in TXs signal a topping. If we top say at $4k. A cratering should be at least to the $2.4k probably below that according to older such examples.
@_date: 2019-03-15 19:35:46
I can give you myriads of things that were merely false starts. Telling people to be less sure of the results I am also telling them to try to educate those around you. We are still far from favourites.
Typically better tech wins over. However it takes time, we may not even be around when people realize *in practice* how freaking stupid the current system is.
@_date: 2019-03-24 02:52:07
I never understood where Bitcoin enters the equation (in regards of a recession).
If you *know* that a recession will happen just short the market and continuously pay to keep your shorts open. Eventually you'll be repaid back big.
Also in the event of a recession Bitcoin much like gold it will lose a lot of its purchasing power. Reason is that people would start selling their long held asserts to pay their outstanding bills. So yeah, bitcoins will be sold too.
People often forget that 2008 actually killed gold also and it only started going up along with the rest of the market. Sure it went up faster than the rest but it was no safe haven during the global meltdown. If you needed to liquidate some gold at the time of the crash you'd be getting less things from it as compared to what you could get a year or two before....
@_date: 2019-03-15 19:49:27
It is important to me. If something comes around at the time that I am dead it literally never did (quaint ways that time works). It is literally only relevant if it comes in my own lifetime, so yes I worry if it will or if it will not...
@_date: 2019-03-15 14:14:13
Of course I do, it's not hard to understand. It is a distributed (and ideally decentralized) ledger that relies on automation for supply inflation and decentralization for transactions' settlement. It is a method to avoid a central party in regards of value  exchange, it is not (and should not be) some kind of quasi religion.
I think it is you people that don't get it. Belief systems are useless, *tools* is what changed the world, because their mere presence suggest use cases. And unless and until I do not see "Biotcoin" everywhere I won't be happy. Some of you want to keep it under wraps lest it be "contaminated", and it is only contaminated *because* it is still under wraps and the community is hostile to a greater adoption. It is funny how Bitcoin's greatest enemy is often its supporters.
I am here because *bitcoin* and not blockchain can revolutionize finance , a bit of how the Internet and not TCP/IP is what revoltionized information sharing and commerce.
But first we have to get through the hurdle of social acceptance, a bit of what the Internet had to in the decade of 90s and early 00s...
We won't get there if we cheer the stopping of Bitcoin's offering in big financial houses. We *need* the exposure, not to shy away from it... I think it is most of you that you do not get the history of technological development, you *need* exposure and then trust in your creation to take the appropriate form, if you cannot trust in it, then you already failed.
@_date: 2019-03-02 10:18:58
A mining node is better than a full node (because it requires one if you are also mining).
I much prefer one billion mining nodes than one billion full nodes. Trully decentralized consensus, no choke points.
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:09:17
I am not convinced, I said that it is bad news, as much as these news are bad news. I'm trying to cause concern to people because there is a sense that we are in an autopilot. We may not be and it is better to always be vigilant. I honestly can't see how being thrown bny some financial house is a good thing.
@_date: 2019-03-15 20:44:25
I read you comment and I got the "the freedom the mass will have in 100 years".
Money only works well when enough people adopted it. Excuse me that I want the mass to adopt such a tool as soon as possible. Excuse me that I do not want to wait 100 years for it.
Where I live almost nobody accepts bitcoin and as long as it will have a bad name nobody will continue accepting me *that's my fear*. You can talk all you want of theoretical benefits. I want them here , now! Can I or I will have to wait 100 years as your aforementioned message implied?
@_date: 2018-10-27 04:48:38
Like I said , the cheap yuan (cheap labor basically) cannot last. As people get more wealthy in China they would demand either a stronger currency (so that to import more easily) or more of it (higher wages). I mean they *can* create everything internally (and that is basically the Chinese dream) but their incapacity to create world brands, basically market outside China would be a limiting factor and their produce always wanting.
The industrial revolution was only big because the first version of globalization (as we now know it) happened then. Exports of products and culture were/was crazy from some nations. 
IMO China is on the path that Japan was. A mostly closed society that eventually reaches its limit. That limit is/would be once their population reaches PPP with a lot of the western world and we are not *that* far off. In fact I expect next big crisis (or the one after it at most) to start in China.
They are not becoming an exporter nation of cultural products and like Japan their growth would hit a hard limit. American dominance has more to do with US's extroversion rather than necessarily its people's genius or capacity to innovate, or capacity to produce. Those come if you are extroverted enough (as a nation).
US would only lose if it truly becomes a closed nation, but that doesn't seem to be the case anytime soon. Especially when compared to both Europe and Far East nations which are much more uniform, closed societies and thus less innovative.
In an interesting way, US's reason of many of its internal problems, its contrasts are also the reason of her success (innovation and cultural extroversion).
@_date: 2019-03-01 20:53:28
You mean that you don't agree, or merely that you didn't understand a word of what I wrote because I certainly have/had a point. There is complacency and then there is conspiracy theorism , both lead to worst case scenarios, both are part of the problem (I.e. mass insanity)
@_date: 2018-10-09 12:53:41
Well, no there is. Implicitly there is . Whoever supported the segwit soft-fork over the big block hard fork (of BCH) is the Bitcoin community, or rather the majority of it.
@_date: 2019-03-07 08:49:30
Price and difficulty are reflective of the same move. If one finds a new bottom the other would follow. You pretty much expect them to be bottoming close to each other (chronologically speaking), so that's a non information.
The bottoming pattern of TXs is telling though and indeed when we see a bottom on TXs in less than a year from it he find a bottom in price too, which means that we either bottomed or we will very soon (most possibly already did).
Of course this bear may be unlike the last, so we may get a different behavior, so who knows really?
@_date: 2018-10-18 00:59:21


Not if soft money is the defacto legal tender in most places and is basically pumped by military excursions.
@_date: 2018-10-08 03:31:49
Atomic swaps solve this. You basically have "only one" with different names.
It's very unlikely that only one name would survive. Crypto is the currency, the different names underneath would compete to get a bigger part of the pie. Due to its strong community Bitcoin is at the forefront right now, but it is possible that things will change. Espec if emotions overtake some people here.
@_date: 2019-03-22 00:38:39
Hey, it's me, Bakkt. Was supposed to launch in Nov' 2018 and now nobody remembers! 
@_date: 2019-03-15 22:04:10
We are enslaved to the world's whims. We can only be above them if he have gained (some) control over the world. If I need to eat and can't because people around me are "too afraid of my bitcoins" then I am not free, I am sorry.
I mean I get pride, I get not wanting anyone on your finacnes, "be your own bank", not keeping the value you extracted through your work in some inflationary asset that continuously diminishes. I get all that, but I cannot *eat* pride, pride won't heal me if I get sick, ideology won't let me buy land. Fiat will do all those things, a system of value created by others, controlled by others with the sole purpose to have at least *some* stake in my life.
As long as this extra step is needed so that I can **live**, then yes I don't feel free. I am a practical man, if something presents limitations to my life, then yeah, I'm limited. And as long as people and services around me only accept a strictly controlled, inflationary system of value then I am not free. Bitcoin (or whatever will Bitcoin eventual!y become) *needs* to become accepted so that we can *actually* see its affects. Right now we can mostly imagine them (sure it is possible to live off Bitcoin however it requires remarkable strife and in my case, relocation; which again limits me ... " rules over me")
@_date: 2019-03-15 12:51:08


Not a bad thing, if you don't care about price and thus security, truly. Goddamn is this place a bubble or not? Being delisted from any rebuttable house would be a catastrophe in most places ... not here "wE'Re chAngIng the EconOmiC systEm wholEsale"
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:19:27
I am not measuring my Bitcoin's value in dollars, I do measure it in security, and the higher the price of Bitcoin in dollars the higher its security is. So yeah, if it does cause a drop to its price I will be concerned because hashrate will follow.
Also Bitcoin has not to squeeze to anything. In fact it changed nothing of the ways it operates and still some financial houses accepted it. It meant that the system (and thus -eventually- the people) started accepting it for what it is. I was honestly delirious when Bitcoin was accepted 2 years ago, it meant that the world is getting ready to accept it and now *this* sours things up.
As if we made a step forwards and then we took it back and we are back to where we were. Of course other developments may overshadow CBOE's decision, still it is bad news regardless and I have honestly no idea why some of you are celebrating.
It is like having a nice home built and once it got torn by a tornado you tell to yourselves "it's OK never liked that home to begin with". No! Be honest with yourselves! This is not good, it may be eventually overshadowed by some good news (of course) and I sure hope that it will (I.e. they remove said product because of lack of interest bit they are going to introduce something else that will give exposure for Bitcoin to the financial class ). But still I am not happy about this. 
It is going to be used as a sign that Bitcoin is not mature yet, and the sooner *society* accepts Bitcoin as a mature solution the sooner we will cut the middlemen in one million thing actually, let *us* choose whether we prefer to be paid in an inflationary or a deflationary currency. The more Bitcoin gets denied looks that, the further back it takes us.. 
@_date: 2019-03-15 05:43:28
100% connection. That is true to all PoW networks too. The way Monero found that it was Asic mined was because people found out that mining it gave you less than mining other coins with a GPU of similar capacity. That is how they initially found out that a new player entered the scene and many thought it was ASICs.
People are rational actors in macroeconomics. There is nothing more correlated in this whole ecosystem other than hashrate (and thus difficulty) and price. Hashrate topped for a reason.
@_date: 2018-10-25 19:55:11
You don't need to value my opinion. In fact don't value anyone's opinion. I said check those numbers. Do you want me to check them from you and link them here and expose you?
Just check the damn numbers , you are wrong. Everybody knows what will happen to a speculatory asset if the market goes caput. In fact I will open a short the size of Nebraska in case of a sustained (market) downturn.
Thankfully I don't think that (to be) that probable. Market cycles last about 20 years. We are less than 10 years in. We are too early for a recessionary period. So you are doubly wrong , both in thinking that a sustained downturn is imminent and thinking that bitcoin would survive it unscathed.
@_date: 2018-10-25 19:43:43
OK 99% certain. Are you happy?
Just take a look at the valuable metals during the start of recessions. In so far that Bitcoin follows valuable metals it would lose value. In so far that it follows stocks, it will lose a lot of value. Economic downturns affect EVERYTHING. Those of you praying for it never really lived through one of them, really lived through it... You are naive.
@_date: 2018-10-25 17:32:34
There are no bull runs during recessionary periods. There is simply no money to go around.
There are bull runs during period of "quantitive easing" (like the last decade) and/or during periods of actual growth.
If markets enter into a legit bear market and a recession bitcoin would 100% follow.
@_date: 2018-10-25 20:06:51
Not by you in particular. It is just getting tiring to see people basically wanting to lose their investment by wishing for a market downturn.
Bitcoin is a summer child and a quantitive easying child. It only ever saw its valuation skyrocket in times when fiat was cheap (and produced easily). We are already entering a period of higher interest rates and eventually we *will* see a recession (a true one) the lot of you already seem to have made up your minds what will happen in those cases. I'm just more skeptical than you.
When money would be more expensive , bitcoin would move less easily, and in downturns it will follow the market. Long term it is moving up, obviously. I wouldn't be here (if I didn't believe in the concept) otherwise. But to say that it goes straight up, even through a period of high interest rates and especially recessions IMO is delusional and insofar some of you are traders you gonna lose a looot of money if that is the assumption on top of which you are gonna proceed.
@_date: 2018-10-26 22:42:58
...not a recession. Everyone expects for it, it is not coming. That is not how recessions work.
Once "you" and your buddies are being discredited and don't *dare* to make such posts recessions would happen.
I kind of remember early 90s , everyone was expecting a recession. Instead a parabolic growth in markets happened *because* everybody was expecting a recession. Then 7 years passed, popular media would scream "what's next? Dow at 50k? " and then the recession happened which basically lasted until 2009.
A recession is not coming, certainly not yet.
@_date: 2018-10-26 22:29:01
IMO "Normie's" would understand the value of BTC then and only then. They'd see how people with normal wallets didn't lose their money while them trusting the institution did.
IMO fractional reserve Bitcoin would be wonderful because the money circulation is out of their hands and would go haywire, further discredited them. 
The only reason that fractional reserve banking works is because they are in touch with people that can print more. So in case of a bank run they do print more (instead of them closing down). How can you "print" more bitcoin , even if you wanted you wouldn't be able to. Sure you can fork into your own shitcoin but necessarily its value would be significantly less, so again you "printed" nothing. A bank run will wreck you. Let them try, it would be glorious!
@_date: 2018-10-24 17:11:36


Electricity is at its cheapest in hydro and geothermal places. Iceland, Canada, countries in arctic regions (where permafrost is still being melted creating more kinetic energy for hydro power) and between tectonic plates.
Chinese electricity is very expensive by comparison. They are there because having access to the hardware first is more important than electricity prices.


You know that for a fact? Because I swear that there is active development trying to prove you wrong. For example adaptive algorithms like this one: 
Imagine if the world's top minds were to work in cryptocurrency centralization issues. I'm sure there would be something they would find out that actually works. Simple, yet hard to optimize.
@_date: 2018-10-14 07:08:53
Does this seem like decentralization to you?
Because sure as heck it seems to me that those people don't get Bitcoin. And they are allowed to not get Bitcoin because the hashing algorithm can be gamed which then use as a handle to centralize mining.
The vast majority of people live in places where central cooling is more important than central heating. What you wrote already works to some cold northern hemisphere countries, but can hardly create decentralization, especially when you have to put up with industry titans.
No matter how cheap ASIC miners will be they'd always be far more expensive than consumer electronics. Consumer electronics' cost is literally 0 to 70% of the world population because they already own some version of it. Be it a laptop, a desktop or even a phone.
IMO it would be much more profitable for  Facebook and the likes to create an opt in mechanism (at first) where people can opt out from being shown advertisements. IIRC only 0.03% of the people click to an advertisement, the efficiency of that kind of profit taking in insanely low. 
So you can say that each person that uses a phone indirectly pays a few pennies per year , instead they could dedicate the exact same energy that their phone consume for showing advertisements into mining. I.e. a miner that only uses a tiny part of the resources of the phone. Then depending on the amount of resources the user chooses to dedicate they can even again some cryptocurrency instead of merely financing the services they use.
Each Facebook (or whatever) user would be solo mining so no ultra powerful entity would arise to control the network.
IMO *that* is the future. Using the whole world as a node. Sure it does not disallow for powerful entities to also build farms. But good luck with competing with the bulk of Facebook/Instagram/Snapchat/YouTube/google search users , especially is you have to compete using the same kinds of computers and efficiencies.
Of course the above scenario of true decentralization is only doable if mining is a general purpose problem optimized to best be solved in consumer electronics. A single purpose problem (like solving sha256 functions) *begs* to be centralized. What we currently have in Bitcoin is only going to get worse. Industrial scale miners are getting more powerful, not less...
@_date: 2018-10-04 19:02:47
Nor do I. That's not what I wrote though.
I wrote that it is atypical for back to back recessions to happen in less that a decade. Last one ended in 2009 , if we get a new one in 2019 it would mean that the US power is going *down*.
Last time we got "back to back" recessions was in 1929 (just after the 1912-1921 one had ended) and those were tough times still very much influenced by WWI. In fact they were so tough that apart from a brief peak in 1928-1929 you can call the whole 1910s-1940s period a 30-40 year downturn. The whole world was going to sh*t back then.
If anything we're not there yet, I don't believe so. If we really are to relive that part of the timeline we're in fact way before the 1910s too (the 1900s was a multi-polar world with many countries of almost equal power, we're not there yet; Europe is ill, China is not growing as fast and US still reigns supreme).
@_date: 2018-10-07 07:32:15
If anything lightning will drives the fees lower as the traffic which is now on the blockchain would be driven upstream (through lightning and the first layer would only be used for settlements every now and then).
For fees to go up , everything should be done on the blockchain. See last year's increase. The Bitcoin block chain was a Mumbai's busy road. Lightning would turn it into a much smaller road (most of the traffic would happen on 2nd layers)
@_date: 2018-10-09 10:38:40
Obelisk is retarted and very much a monopolistic entity.
The only networks with crowdsourced mining are ethereum up until 6 months ago and monero . Easily the most decentralized networks out there (as far as mining goes)
@_date: 2018-10-18 00:43:35
That's about the course of events of last time. No way that it repeats, at least that's my thinking. Way too many people expect it then. It either happens earlier or a lot later.
@_date: 2018-10-28 21:56:33
It's those money laundering laws.
Don't take me wrong, there are some very bad people making illicit money. But to control them is impossible apart from implementing draconian/Orwellian measures in money transfers.
It is the danger we have to live with (I.e. people transferring illicit money) because clearly impacting the 99% of the people that are making legitimate money transfers, so dramatically, is not and should not be an option.
Money laundering should not be a crime to begin with, acquiring the money that needs to be laundered should be the crime, and even then not all the times.
It is so ridiculous that consumers just accepted KYC creepiness. They should have had the option to simply not use those services, I.e. to have an alternative. Hopefully crypto is increasingly making this a possibility, but really what would be even better would be not voting politicians that write stupid laws that are clearly impacting the personal space of individuals. Politicians should serve *us*, not the other way around...
@_date: 2018-10-07 05:44:04
Against fiat, maybe not. But against real purchasing value (I.e. things you can purchase using one bitcoin) certainly it will. Even if it becomes a world currency it will find its value, it *has to*. Even if it is 100 mil in today's dollars it would be *a* value (and not another) meaning come halving + some world economy downtrend would put it in harm's way, *because* it would be waaaay more profitable to attack the network at that point than resale your ASIC for scrap metal...
@_date: 2018-10-02 04:07:48
Lol. Scam
@_date: 2018-10-14 15:35:20
Seriously nicehash is a bane. It goes against everything crypto mining is or should be about. If you want your coin to survive make it nicehash resistant (unless you're a giant already) through implementing your own hashing algorithm.
The basis of nicehash is that it can switch to whichever algorithm is the more profitable. If however each coin was using its own hash variation then nicehash would have to include a few hundreds diff algorithms which in turn would disallow those who'd rent power to nicehash to make any profit as their terminals would be busy switching all the time.
Sure they could make them slower to change but that would ensure -in fact-  that they are mining the coin that most of everyone also does, basically mining one of the *least* profitable algorithms/coins simply because the nicehash switching method can only be so fast and not faster.
Not to speak of the immense work that maintaining so many algorithms would be.
The attack proved unsuccessful. But future ones can well be successful. Or maybe Nicehash plays the ethical game and only include algorithms of giant/popular coins where 51% through nicehash alone would be hard/impossible.
@_date: 2018-10-31 00:57:57
It's not cynical to expect competing interests. It is optimistic, it expects the emergence of a game theoretic framework between entities which checks and balances them. In so far governmental bodies (I.e. bodies of power that affect the lives of millions with their decisions) are not in cahoots with each other we can expect a more smoothly working governance in the long term.
The pessimistic take would be that those arms merge, in-so-far they they do their members can extract immense individual gains at expense of the populace.
I call a branched government as being in a state of non-equilibrium, that eventually, inevitably they would merge. Ideas like John Locke's (a branched government) may be great in principle but in the long term they probably don't work because eventually the individuals behind those branches would find out that it is more profitable to them to appear a branched operation yet operate in unison. And while this may be immensely profitable for individuals most often than not it isn't for the citizenry.
In fact that exact reason why I find forms of decentralized governance as expressed by the bitcoin whitepaper revolutionary even. It does away with a situation where things are in flux (a branched government) , it does not necessitate an equilibrium state of centralized governance (a branched governance that is in cahoots basically). It is a stable form of plurality which IMO is a first. John Locke would had been proud.
Of course Bitcoin while great for a form of money is not that good for straight governance, but a modified version of a similar system adapted to governance would possibly replace the enlightenment derived governments of the last few centuries. They are growing old, and IMO a better system should replace them.
The old adage "Democracy is terrible, except all the other systems that were tried" would finally not be true. We would finally have a system of consensus that is less "terrible" than modern democracy...
@_date: 2018-10-27 02:35:53
Most of the articles I see and most of the videos I see to be recommended are of the coming doom.
Which is strange because American companies especially Tech companies are dominating the world like no other time.
AI hardware is dominated by an american company that basically came out of nowhere (nVidia)
Apple and Google owns one of the biggest consumer market in the world (smartphone)
Google and Facebook are basically owning the internet and Amazon is owning the worldwide commerce.
Even energy and car industries are being impacted put of nowhere from a no-name company that was barely selling a few thousand cara up to last last year. Oh and it is American, with American factories...
Tell me what the rest of the world has over the US and I'll agree that the American economy is due to an imminent downturn? Truth is that neither in 2008, nor in 1999 was the US economy as dominant as it is now and both periods were in fact part of the same phenomenon (which started in 1999 and the recovery never started until 2009).
Point is that the US economy would have a recession due to how the market cycles. But it is not at all as clear as people make it to be. There are giant debts, but there are even more giant cash cows that are basically owning the world. US was never as powerful in its impact in the world. Never before was my Continent (Europe) was as Americanized. The American effect is immense and doesn't seem to be stopping. I do expect a recession because economic theory demand one, just not now...
@_date: 2018-10-18 13:59:25
That literally never happened in peace time. Just once did the S&amp;P 500 went into a back to back recessions. And that was due to the two wars being so way close together.
Last multi year recession ended in 2009 (2000-2009 in fact). So you're suggesting that in less than a decade since such a grand event we're getting a 2nd one? Wow, that's a bold statement. 
In fact we're not getting one *because* everyone and his dog and expecting it so soon. Like I said , fundamentals don't matter much. It's all a psychological cycle. We're way too close to the end of the last one. I expect a crash as well, but if a multi-year recession comes before 2025 it would spell very troubling things for the world, especially given how everybody is calling for it
Inflation Adjusted S&amp;P 500: 
3 Downturns since 1880:
1912-1949 (actually 3 back to back ones due to how miserable the world was back then and the eventual rise of the American dominance)
1972-1982 (the oil crises and the contentious rise of the petrodollar)
2000-2009 (dotcom bust and the subprime mortgage crisis, out of both the new digital economy rose).
According to those psychological cycles we should expect a new multi-year recession in the 2nd half of 2020s... 
Fundamentals don't matter much, they can be ballooning for years. They only matter regarding the extend of damage that will happen once psychology has completed its cycle.
@_date: 2018-10-11 06:18:30
What's a criminal?
In NK for example not praising the Kim family makes you a criminal. There are many countries where not being a criminal is not an option and you have no guarantee that "your" country won't be next. It is for that reason why private property that is unassailable is needed. Sure bad people would use it for ill, but also good, productive people would use it as well. And as long as the majority use is for good (resistance against a corrupt authority) then it is absolutely needed as a fail safe.
@_date: 2018-10-13 06:47:31
While he oversells the issue, mining centralization is a problem due to the creation of a center of interests that did and undoubtedly will again, effect the network.
Want me to remind you the spam attacks of last year, or the contentious fork, or the attempt/threat to flip the hashrate (and thus the security ) from one chain to the other (the forked one)?
Sure those attempts were mostly unsuccessful but who's to tell me that future attacks won't be more successful. IMO it *is* troubling that any group of people should have as much power as miners often seem to have (which is growing).
IMO the only issue of the "no hard fork" policy that Bitcoin is following, which BTW is fine so that to disallow devs from gaining too much power (anything they build should be backwards compatible), is that it allowed miners to get a bit too powerful.
 Soft forks keep the power of devs in check, similarly the miners should have *something* to keep them from getting too powerful. I don't think that they are there yet, but I too fear that one day in the future they would do more than contentious forks and flipping the hashrate on purpose...
@_date: 2018-10-13 15:50:28
Like I said he oversells the issue. It's not so much that those miners are concentrated in a certain geography, it's more that they form a hard center which is troubling. It basically negates part of the point of PoW which is decentralization by all means.
Also don't agree with Roubini that the forks diluted BTC's value or efficacy, but the more successful ones (attempted or actually achieved one) did threaten to become the main chain. Again let me remind you a couple of hash flippening events that happened early this year or during the last.
IMO miners have been antagonistic to Bitcoin's cause and I except them to be again, especially in times of crisis or need. By no means do I think that the danger subsided, it only did for a time.
My opinion was and remains that miners should be allowed to have less power over the network. You can do this by diluting their efficacy which in turn can happen by using a hash algorithm which is optimized for consumer electronics.
I mean to say that consumer electronics are chips optimized for certain kinds of tasks, IMO the best solution would be to optimize mining in such a way as to mimick those very tasks. So the mining efficiency curve would follow that of consumer electronics' efficiency curve.
It would allow for non-professionals to join back into the mining business and thus greatly diluting the power of certain professional miners. IMO mining should not be a profession in so far that it tries to affect networks instead of merely gainining their legal reward through them...
@_date: 2018-10-16 06:58:08
I guess that's the part that I do not understand. Why should the military support still a government that hurts their family (because I'm sure many/most of them have family outside the military , thus severely underpaid and malnourished).
If something like that happens to -say- a human body , then the human orga ism gives everything it has to fight the cancerous mass. I guess what I'm asking is "what can ever subdue the military?". Money? Yeah, but money does not solve their extended famiy's problem that is partly cause by their inaction.
What makes people to see suffering and not do a thing about it? I can see an autocrat doing it, but he has so very many people under his command, that even if one in two had snapped they could make the rest (the non corrupt ones) to see reason. Unless the *majority* is corrupt and uninterested to the fact that parts of their own family suffer. And if so how can they become such in the first place?
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:36:07
Gods, platitudes. Platitudes everywhere...
@_date: 2019-03-14 23:58:53
100% related.
An equilibrium between KWh cost and per KWh Bitcoin production exists and has to do 100% with how much a single bitcoin costs to the open market.
If say  ~2000 BTC is produced every day and each is sold at $4k in the open market *and* the cost per KWh + the miners' depreciation (per KWh used by the network) value is $0.10 then ~80 million KWh are going to be used to mine Bitcoin per day... give or take. And that's it regardless of the equipment used (due to difficulty adjument)
Now imagine a scenario where Bitcoin is sold at $1m in the open market. In that case you can *realistically* expect , eventually, 20 *billion* KWhs to be consumed by the bitcoin network each day.
Of course due to the ongoing halvening process we can alao expect a lower figure once (and if) Bitcoin settles to around $1m (say 5 billion KWhs per day ... which is still insane if you only use fossil fuels for it)
**Edit:** I mean I know this sub is mostly made up from hobbyists. However it is to your detriment to actually down vote the one guy that used to do this stuff semi professionally. Reread my comment, you may learn something and if you misunderstood anything post a question. Removing from the discussion the one relevant information greatly detracts from this thread.
@_date: 2018-10-09 14:17:55
Obviously it was not that simple. I simplified it so that to explain that there is such thing as a Bitcoin community which implicitly decides on things through mere use.
Most used (and mined) the segwit chain making *that* the BTC chain.
By contrast very few if any supported the PoW change (say what BTG did) , which means that the community implicitly supports ASIC mining. Which by not being crowdsourced is left to what few central figures would decide. Hence my initial comment (the one that started this comment chain). I do find troubling that we should be so very beholden to certain individuals: for example the guy (in the news article) goes against Bitmain, the fact that we have to care about such things is troubling.
@_date: 2018-10-18 22:53:04
*Exactly* there is no precedent.
In economics and complex systems in general, practice is light years away from what the theory tells.
Yeah, it's fraudulent, yeah when this debt crisis fall in our heads people would say "told you so". But it's also possible that -like an organism- economies would develop defenses against it, something to absorb big parts of the damage. Maybe Bitcoin is just that and it is only increasing in popularity because society in general "understands" it as having that role, "the shock absorber".
Imagine if all that bad debt is eventually bitcoinized. Being put in the ledger and *this* time you can't print the debt away. Maybe more and more debt is being put into the ledger, in the form having an investment on bitcoin which slowly but surely absorbs your fiat dependencies.
@_date: 2019-03-15 13:42:51
And when is Bakkt coming? I am hearing about it for almost a year by now.
CBOE is a big and respected financial house. Whether you like their products or not, it is a disservice to Bitcoin's image to be thrown out of it.
IMO we are still struggling for social acceptance. If we do not get people behind us, no matter how brilliant the mechanism is, it will fall to disuse. Bitcoin is in the receiving end of a quite intense social war. Be it banks shutting down crypto related accounts, or the comments that popular media is making against it.
We are not winning this war if we are being as negative about anything regarding to old world. Cash settled futures could hardly influence the price, but it *was* a boon to Bitcoin's image to have it featured in one big financial house. I never understood why people couldn't see how far the benefits are greater than the downsides.
@_date: 2018-10-27 20:04:43
In Bitcoin whoever controls the creation and validation of blocks can double spend, not whoever control the circulation.
If Bakkt starts double spending within their system it would be a god send as they would basically create more bitcoins within their own layer meaning that in an event of a "bitcoin run" they won't be able to repay all their debtors and go bankrupt. They do not control the presses as -say- banks indirectly do with fiat. Meaning that they double spend at their own peril and would eventually catch up with them.
I would love if those institutions grow corrupt. Eventually they would go down and people would return to first layer or lightning (at most) transactions. The only ones that can be trusted... Slowly people would stop trusting people/institutions (as they shouldn't) and will start trusting automatic mechanisms/algorithms (as they should).
By end of this century it would be unfathomable that people trusted people. By then only machines would be trusted. Machines are basically the opposite of how they are presented in the dystopian sci-fis. Just and benevolent (because if you are exact you never harm anyone).
@_date: 2018-10-27 03:04:45
I don't think that it is as much of a problem. US has the expertise to built and whenever it was needed they do/did built. For example one of the biggest auto factories in the world is in Nevada. 
The greatest "manufacturing" edge China has over Us is the weak Yuan. But that would eventually stop being the case and once it inevitably does manufacturing would either return to US or go to other countries. After all the designing expertise is more American than ever. All big electronic designers are Americans (Qualcomm, Intel, nVidia , AMD). It is incredible how few of those are there outside the US...
@_date: 2018-10-07 03:28:48
If we truly at break even rates then a halvening right now could be very dangerous. Imagine the hashrate falling to half , suddenly the network is much more vulnerable to an attack and of course the other half of the hashrate would either remain idle or be sold for scrap metal (because by then it would be useless for anyone to buy them as miners), both are worse than simply attacking the network just after you have opened multiple shorts.
IMO that's one of the reasons why ASIC mining is dangerous. Asics have no reseleability in a break even market, which basically incentivizes an attack against the network if enough of them remain idle.
 There is so much about ASIC mining that breaks PoW's game-theoretic advantages that IMO long term , possibly at some big crisis, Bitcoin's consensus would be to break away from ASICs. It is still summer on the bitcoinland, but come winter (something quite worse than 2014's / 2018's) whenever that may be ,  the community would decide on their first big fork and that would be to reinstate Game-theoretic supremacy to bitcoin. After that you lose contentious forks, certain individuals' shenanigans and the threat of an attack come winter.
@_date: 2018-10-17 15:32:59
Actually bitcoin is the one that suffers. Now mining has one more reason to be centralized. No way anyone from US would be buying a bitcoin miner.
@_date: 2018-10-24 22:07:03
I addressed that part:


Read the whole of my posts next time.
@_date: 2018-10-24 00:54:23
I'm arguing for what is well attested in study after study. Most of the work is done by a minority of peoples. The wikipedia article I gave you already give a reasoning for it as well as link to relative research.
That's a problem indeed. Because we want to build societies that have a fair starting point. But that's impossible because if someone is completely undriven or generally stupid/uncreative at most of everything that produces useful work you cannot just pray the uselessness away.
I'm not pro eugenics either. Which is why I do not believe in deporting or putting them in massive concentration camps. After all it is a lottery. It is possible that I was born as undriven as they, it's not necessarily their fault. But something *has to* be done with them. 
I honestly don't want them around me. Some of them are great people, even enjoy their company when we are out with the wives and kids, but in the work environment they are a hindrance. Simple as that. Maybe their social function is different. Maybe they are the social lubricant, something not having to do with productive work. If so why should we force them to pretend to work? Why should we connect status with capacity to be productive?
While I do not support UBI per se, I can see its reasoning and it is unrealistic to expect a world where people are being paid according to their productivity. Because simply such a world would be full of carnage.
@_date: 2018-10-09 07:23:44
Yes! We need some random corporate overlord to deliver us from mining centralization. Every day do I pray to corporate overlords to turn mining into something more democratic.
God forbid that we -as a community- crowdsource mining. No! The experts spoke, we can NEVER break ASIC dominance. The problem is too hard, here let us give the network over to some corporate a$$hole.
@_date: 2018-10-14 11:45:32


Which are already incurred by ads.


...yet. Look at the direction that Progpow goes. 


Exactly. Which is why they can't be used for crowdsourcing mining.


Not easy. But something the needs to be done , definitely. Else Proof of Work cannot secure networks long term.


You are an enthusiast. The vast majority of people can't be bothered with that.


Again, enthusiasts only. They won't hold a candle against massive mining operations whose sole purpose is to monopolize the network.


I explained why. People don't buy single purpose things. Unless they would be able to consistently pay for themselves, which won't be the case as people do not have the benefit of industrial electricity or self produced hydroelectric .


Bitcoin Gold is not using an algorithm that is optimized for consumer electronics. It has no consensus so its network is tiny and easy to centralize by creating an ASIC for it. In fact it was attacked already by ASICs. There is nothing telling me that it won't suffer such an attack again.
Edit: But yeah, BTG had the right idea. It merely lacked the technology (a hashing method that mimicks general purpose computing).
@_date: 2018-10-18 12:08:11
What's so great about choosing your masters?
Do you honestly believe that a Catalan government would be better for Catalonia over a Spanish government?
It's the Brexit talk all over again. The British are "free" from EU bureaucrats, yet all the more enslaved to their own. It's stupid really.
When young I cheered when my country of birth ascended to EU, not necessarily because I believe in the longer term viability of the EU project, but mostly because the cleptocrats in my country of birth would face competition and stop being able to print money incessently and steal as easily.
There have to be balances of power. It would be much better for Catalonia to have some freedoms over the Spanish government , but not complete freedom. That way Catalan politicians would have to compete with the Spanish ones and not being able to steal the people as easily. When the interests are competing it's harder to be in cahoots and steal in unison. Politicians are not your friends. They are an inefficient , necessary evil, until most governance eventually (and hopefully) becomes automated.
@_date: 2018-10-20 18:42:51
I didn't say that.
I said people governing people is bound to be(come) evil.
Obviously an automated form of governance would not be "evil" (as you put it).
Being owned or owning another defacto or dejure is evil. It's a necessary evil unless and until you can automate it...
But until then I will never understand the whole fuss around being governed from a different set of people. Catalans are different enough than the Spanish people. But people from within Catalonia are different enough from each other, heck I'm different than my neighbour. This endless balkanization never works.
@_date: 2018-10-31 13:43:39
....would indirectly cause an attack to Bitcoin.
Hashrate is hardly increasing anymore meaning we've reached an equilibrium state, so it is safe to assume that there is at least 60 EH/s worth of sha256 hashing power in the world rn.
If bitcoin loses more than 2/3rds from its "equilibrium" state then it would lost more than half from its current hashrate. 2/3rds of it most possibly. Making the majority of the hashpower idle for the first time in bitcoin history.
We are talking millions of capital costs "now" (in your scenario) standing idle , possibly for months. The equipment cannot be sold as bitcoin mining is equally unprofitable for 99% of the world at this point.
So suddenly it makes sense to launch an attack to the network after first having shorted a derivative of it ,so that you may recoup your costs.
Unlike gold or any other valuable metal bitcoin -possibly- cannot sustain downtrends that happen on top of times of equilibrium, ones that sustain themselves?
So, yeah. Falling at $1800 at *this* point (after a 70% correction) would be pretty dangerous...
@_date: 2018-10-01 06:03:16
No. Winters are long in cryptoland. Buckle up
Also the yearly low for BTC was not August 14th, nor was it 5984.
It was 5700ish in late June
@_date: 2018-10-25 19:47:50
Phones do. Mics on most phones are always open through NSA installed backdoors. It is one of the things that Snowden is in trouble for (showing the world what is really happening).
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:34:26


No that's not true. I think that's the part of Bitcoin that you don't get. 
Bitcoin is not merely about forming a consensus, it's also about *not* forming one and having the capacity to still express your opinion by forking the *very same* network, allowing for both roads not only to be equally valid but also the original one.
That's very much the opposite than what governance as you understand it does. Where the majority agrees to suppress minorities. Where minority opinions (say *not* gaining independence from Spain) are disrespected and acted against.
Bitcoin has found a way to respect all peoples and opinions equally. Those asking for being ruled under the older forms of governance don't get that part of bitcoin and why is it important. That is why I questioned your presence here, I think you missed its most important point, censorship resistance. You cannot censor my minority opinion, you cannot make it go away, you cannot say that you are the "real one" and I'm the false one, you cannot make me do anything. *That's* what Bitcoin managed to do, voluntary participation. 
Had I been a Catalan I would had been greatly injured by this movement. By having people supposedly speaking on my behalf and no matter whether I'd agree or not with their decision or the reasons for it I'd still like to have my opinion expressed one way or another. If you're to bring change you have to make sure for people that are not for it can still operate as they used to.
A bit of how hard forks work on crypto networks. You can always mine the main chain even if the rest don't anymore. You don't.have.to.follow.the.flock.
Can you do that with your so called movement? Can you let people benefitting from EU or their association with the Spanish government still have their benefits. Or are you going to wreck their businesses because you're majority?
That's my issue with democracy, it's dictatorship of the masses. And I hate it with all my heart, as all other forms of dictatorship. Voluntarism is the future of governance and blockchains can do just that with money. Imagine if we find more and more ways to do that in our societies. 
Catalan independence is going to wreck many lives (and help others), think about it. Think about *them* (the people that you do not like).
@_date: 2018-10-04 00:11:27
Lol just 9 years after the recovery started. Only due to wars such miserable performance was possible in the past: 
BTW a flash crash (one that would last some weeks) not only is possible but probable. But full on recession? Gimme a break, that's some crypto-anarchist's wet dream and pretty much everyone is calling it for years. It most definitely not coming at least momentarily.
It *will* come once most of everyone stops believing in it. When the IMF shuts up about it, when talk head would talk of Dow to 100k, etc.
Not to say that a recession is not due. But if it really is, it would be unprecedented.
In reality we're going through the early stage of a debt/currency crisis. And whatdayaknow hard assets are just around the corner. The Bitcoin's (some -few- other Cryptos') increasing adoption the economy would absorb the premature crash before it even happens and everyone would sigh in relief in the meanwhile.
IMO the next crash is happening *despite* the crypto's and the new economy's ascendance and would be monumental. We will probably see 1-2 flash crashes in the meanwhile, but the big one will only happen after years, probably more than a decade from now.
I think most misunderstand the role of Bitcoin in history. If anything it is rising in prominence *exactly* so that we may avoid a premature crash and it will get mythic capitalization *because* it will allow for new debt to not be created. IMO it's uniquely situated for the world as is currently, *not* for a crash. In the big crash (that will happen despite bitcoin already being semi-mainstream) bitcoin too would go down. So much so that I expect it to be what breaks it's exponential rise (in the log chart).
 But again, I don't expect it anytime soon. It will only come when everybody shuts up about it and everyone expects it the least.
@_date: 2018-10-12 14:40:06
A constantly attacked network loses value. If you short said asset, especially in a paper form (say bitcoin futures) you can gain tremendously through inside trading.
@_date: 2018-10-11 03:19:27
If it falls as low I expect an attack to the network. No way would so many miners remain idle or mine at a loss. It's much more probable that they attack the network after they have opened multiple shorts.
Those calling for a 70% correction over the current 70% correction ... Do you realize that you are possibly predicting the death of bitcoin? Not saying that it won't happen, I'd merely expect a real reason for it to happen. We're parked at 50-60 EH/s for a reason. Anymore and it become unprofitable for many people , meaning that we already have idle miners. Imagine getting an additional 40 EH/s of idle hashing power. The possible danger towards the Bitcoin network would be insane. It *never* happened in the past. Why should it happen now? 
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:07:43
Well I do know that naturally the governing bodies would do anything in their power to stop independence from happening. That's historically true which is why independence was won by means of civil war and only very rarely via peaceful means.
Having said *that* the movements themselves have not benefitted *the people* much and I can provide you sources for that. Generally independence have been the wrong thing to do, especially for the first generation or two. In the long term it may had been proven better (or not) than staying as part of the grander empire but that was often down to the kinds of governance these places would have over the initial one (I.e. down to chance).
It is mostly rulers that were instantly benefitted from independence movements though. And it will be rulers that will immediately benefit from the Catalan independence as well.
But again I have to question your presence in this sub. Most people here hate power of any kind, even if it comes from people speaking their own language. You seem to be pro it so you seem ill-placed...


No there are not. You are still accountable to someone that can be replaced by an automated mechanism. It's stupid and increasingly needless. Fighting stupid wars will give you stupid results.
@_date: 2018-10-20 23:28:11
You mean 18k or 4k?
@_date: 2018-10-07 07:08:56
We're still decades away from fees overtaking the coinbase though (at least 4-5 halvings away). Bitcoin can well have found its price before that...
@_date: 2018-10-08 11:17:30


No, it's because the field is new and don't know what will work and what won't long term. So by throwing it all in you create an environment where the different assets would compete in usefulness. A natural selection of sorts.
Atomic swaps would obviously be automatic (via an app or something). Say everything is denominated in bitcoin. That way you'll still be able to pay even if you don't own any bitcoin. You'll pay as usual and the app would spend whatever asset you happen to have it defaulted into (to most people it would be whatever they are paid in/own)


Depends. In the future Bitcoin may be the last ASIC minable asset. If it gets attacked (for example) it would the only to be attacked as the rest would move on to PoS or General purpose Mining.


Obviously, or maybe we will get there. Thus far they seem to do fine though and long term alts are increasing their dominance / volume over Bitcoin's.


That's old world "USD supremacy" kind of thinking where you replaced USD with bitcoin. It's possible that bitcoin helps the building of a world with multiple spendable assets that are integrated in a seamless way...
@_date: 2018-10-27 08:47:56
I do expect a downturn, just not a sustained or a deep one.
In fact the whole 2000s were not that good. Even during the good days it was nowhere near as good 2010s or 1990s, so IMO the overriding pattern is more important that the entrenched one.
Even if we do get some kind of downturn, because we are in a growth period, it won't be too much. Nowhere near what the 1999-2000 or the 2008-2009 were (which were part of a "bad" decade).
Think of seasons. Sure there are good and bad days in every season. But during winter , a bad day it is not just bad, it can be catastrophic.
Being in a growth period, I do expect a crash. I do not expect a serious setback, the kind that will crash bitcoin (the 00s *had* such setbacks, I.e. crashing even irrelevant industries).
**Edit:** BTW I am talking of US as it is more indicative of the total/average health of the world economy. Obviously regional economies can be better or worse in particular. Early 2010s was particularly harsh for Europe, but due to political reasons mostly. Greece could not fulfil its capacity to remain in the Euro area, yet politicians wanted to keep her in (for prestige reasons), so they made a bad situation, worsen(if Greece had defaulted in 2010 , by now she would be OK and probably ready to reenter the Eurozone). But that's not reflective of the world economy. That is had regional politics.
@_date: 2018-10-18 01:39:23
Sure , but harder money won't replace soft money as long as there is a guy with a gun basically forcing soft money everywhere. Even if it is the one you mostly spend, more will be coming.
IMO hard money would be the solution the debt crisis we're under, but I'm not sure those in power realize (or want to realize). Easy to print money is also easier to control and thus -basically- buy votes with.
@_date: 2018-10-20 20:47:44


You keep saying that but you are not backing it.
How are you going to protect minority opinions in your so called movement? You haven't answered that yet. Possibly because you can't. Possibly because like most independence movement it is dictatorial at heart and the greatest a$$hole wins. 
Anyway, I don't know you personally. So I have to assume that you mean well. Then again may I advise you to be careful with what you are supporting. Ideals / nations whatever should take the backseat when human lives are to be impacted grieviously. 
All the best luck with whatever you are attempting, I just hope that it won't be the fuse to undo 70 years of peace to Western Europe...
@_date: 2019-03-01 13:36:00
My point is that it is not sustainable. Eventually something egregious will happen and people will rise. In China -say- people are not merely passive but also support such measusers as part of their social contract. We in the West don't. Once enough people are in jail, or the wrong person is in jail expect a fast reversal of those measures. People accept them as long as they do not feel that it changes their lives, to the extend that they would there would be ... abrupt changes.
Orwel was not wrong in thinking that such regimes are possible, he was wrong in thinking that they are sustainable. Like a tall building with too much tilt ... It eventually falls over.
@_date: 2018-10-18 00:52:44
Fundamentals don't matter much. Markets are about psychology first. Way too many bears, way too obvious. No way are we going to a recession. 
Also it would make no sense, US is at the peak of technological dominance. China would/could be but they foolishly decided to create an internal market and only compete there.
@_date: 2018-10-23 18:27:48
The point of Bitcoin was/is trustless security. Everything else is/was a bonus that is/was/would be built on top.
Stable coins do away of said game theoretic apparatus. They are as useful as trusting said exchange can allow.
Does Mt Gox implosion taught you nothing? A central bank by any other name is a central bank still. Stablecoins are useful tools for traders who do not have to sit on them for long. They are an absolute cancer for the rest because they imply a level of needing trust that is untenable.
@_date: 2018-10-20 19:15:15
You have to read up more history. For every 3 independence movements only 1 succeeded and many if not most did not provide a better life to their citizenry. The fact that you take the most successful of those movements as an example is telling.
What about the republic of North Korea which in 50 short years managed to make the life of their people unbeleivably harder. What about Haiti which was in par with the rest of the Spanish acquisitions never ever again matching their development in any metric?
The only naive thing one can do is to take the elementary school history lesson as valid. Most of the world's productivity has been inadvertently managed under multi cultrulal empires and almost never under tribalistic independent kingdoms, but let us ignore that part...
Also I am not even pro multiculturalism. I think people should be free to associate as they see fit. Forced anything never worked (be it multiculturalism or monoculturalism).
I think striving to gain independence over the freaking Spanish is kind of stupid. You should seek independence over governing bodies in general. Spanish or Catalan they are both governing bodies that mostly care about feeding themselves. They are self-pepretuating mechanisms that are only there because we didn't have anything better in its place.
The block chain is one first attempt into decentralized governance. We may get better and more of them if we strive enough instead of striving for stupid 19th century ideals that need to die ASAP.
@_date: 2018-10-24 19:22:28
Some people do. Not everybody.
Those that do want ETFs to be approved are also the ones that want serious money to flow into bitcoin. This would allow for stabler, less volatile price and towards a greater acceptance of the coin in the wider society.
BTW just last July such rumours exploded Bitcoin's price... We're definitely into the accumulation phase of this market. Cental news sources are not paid to release bad news and good news do not move the market. Most of the first 3 quarters of 2015 were like this.
@_date: 2018-10-31 19:05:19
Basically yes, buy you can never know. People were longing bitcoin at a all time high levels just after it had dipped to 6k (...from 20k ... in a few weeks).
People are mysterious creatures, some , probably a lot, would gamble just after another such fall by which point the market would be open to manipulation by disgruntled miners (51% or denial of TXs attack + shorting all the longers everywhere you can find them).
@_date: 2018-10-20 17:46:38
The only way for people to be self determined is *not* to have governments above them. As long as an automatic mechanism which does most of the governance does not / cannot exist people won't be self-determined.
The fact that you want a different set of governors does not impress me. Ultimately you still want to be governed by someone. If he/she speaks the same language as you makes little difference. 
Even if Catalonia gets a government of their own, I doubt that people would be more self determined in practice. Of course the Catalan governors may be better at giving people self determination than the Spanish one. Or they may not be... Silly strives ...
@_date: 2018-10-27 02:22:52
Yeah, at some point. Not now that everyone is expecting it. Even big banks are posting about the coming recession. Gimme a break! Recessions happen at the peak of exhilaration. Nobody is exhilarated, everyone thinks a downturn is imminent... I just longed the market
@_date: 2018-10-14 10:29:04


No, I am talking about having the capacity to build machines that mine Bitcoin and are ultimately useless for anything else.


The vast majority of people live in places that do not experience a winter that requires central heating (10-30 degrees above the equator):


I already wrote why/how. They have *a* cost, consumer electronics have none as most people own them merely to participate in the modern world. There is zero added cost .


You didn't read my proposition. Reread it. I addressed that part.


Not in workloads optimized for phones. In fact a million ASICs cannot compete with one phone in -say- browsing Facebook.


You do if you use a hashing algorithm that cannot be gamed. I.e. one that (computationally) mimicks the use that people do on their phones/computers.


Monero is using a simplistic hashing algorithm not unlike Bitcoin's. It can be easily gamed, as it was once already.


Sha256 algorithm in the sense that mobile chips are. It has no use case other than solving bitcoin hashing operations. Owning one "sha256 hasher" is a risk that only professionals would take, it's a hedge on bitcoin's price. It doesn't matter how cheap it gets, the mere fact that you have to buy special hardware alone makes it impossible to own by the crowd.
 You cannot crowd source the security of a network if it is only secured by specialized hardware. If it cannot be crowd sourced said network will inevitably be centralized. Not in one week, maybe not in a year even. But in 5-10 years it would certainly be the plaything of a certain cast of professionals. That is what worries me. 
Decentralization is the lifeblood of crypto. I always sell assets that decide to centralize (sold all my zCash back in May for example). Bitcoin is the only asset that trends towards heavy centralization yet I still hold it. That's only because I have faith that eventually would do the right thing and choose a game-theoretically sound road forwards. 
Ever larger asic mining operations are unsustainable to exist on a network that supposes itself an alternative to the Swift network. IMO sooner rather than later it would *have to* fork ASICs away so that to regain the edge it has over the swift network (immutability). The market would force it and the community would follow the decentralized version of Bitcoin that would result from said fork
@_date: 2018-10-08 15:37:51
Straight up "1984". They do not even pretend anymore.
Great thing with centralized forces is that all they need is an outage to be taken out.
The video is instructive in another way too. Ease of use. I honestly hope that crypto gets there before " cashless dollar" does. That would be a sad day.
@_date: 2019-03-27 19:20:59
Maybe, however the content creator does not have to cooperate with those companies by adding ads on his platform.
Imagine a video website that only exists through micropayements. Meaning no annoying ads before, after or while you're watching a video , no ads anywhere on the page. And informing people that you do not track them because you don't need to. All you need is their money and as long as they give it to you through micro payments.
The difference between cable (what it originally was) and national broadcasts. (I know not the best example given what cable is become now but I trust you get my meaning).
It is premium service for dirt cheap. Also content creators are paid directly . If such a thing gains traction, it makes YouTube irrelevant. Even people in $1 per day countries would be able to use the websites (say charge nothing on slow connection)
@_date: 2018-10-14 14:34:16


Even if there is excess solar you have to deal with the excess heat that full fledged miners would produce. That would certainly cost, and then some more. But the "worse" cost of all is the miners themselves. A piece of equipment that can aid you in no way other than the little it may pay you out in bitcoin (or whatever you are mining)


On the amount of smartphone/computer/laptop owners around the world. If you embed mining in every app and website, that is how many miners you'll get in the most decentralized manner possible. Any less than that and you're less secure. A *lot* less than that (basically the population of enthusiasts in developed countries) and you get a lot less security.
It's not merely hashrate but also the degree of decentralization that secures a network. "My" way would ensure than no big player would even be dominant, "yours" is a losing battle. Eventually big players *would* overtake enthusiasts. In fact they already did and it only gets worse from now on.
@_date: 2018-10-25 00:18:30
The very fact that such a thing exists it means that US is freer than many countries in the world.
In China, basically, you own nothing. Everything is the govenrments so at a moment's notice they can take it from you.
In US's example they have to at least find a BS reason to do so. And sometimes those BS reasons can be challenged. Not to say that that's a great way of things, merely that US is freer on said specturm. There are obviously even freer countries.
In the end we should strive -with whatever means possible- to make private property unassailable. Whatever you worked for and won is yours and not anybody else's ... and the law should be there to protect that very concept (of private property). 
Once people can *actually* own things they tend to take better care of them and in the end build on them. It's why eastern block counties (after a few decades) looked like they went through some major war and why countries with strong property rights were in the other end of things (well groomed garden, much more beautiful homes ... etc). Property makes people responsible and thus those societies better working. IMO China (and the rest) are shooting themselves in the foot through not allowing their populace to basically own anything...
@_date: 2018-10-15 08:33:49


Again, read about ProgPow. IMO it's approach seems to be up to something.
An alternative is RandomJS. Which instead of stressing the particular components that general purpose computers tend to use, it produces a randomized puzzle, so there can literally be nothing that will be trully optimized for it.
And that's just two attempts bornt out of enthusiastic willingness to help the project. Imagine the magic that a professional team could produce. SHA256 was built by a team of cryptographers , its purpose was to be practically unassailable. And multiple decades afterwards it seems to be just that using classical computers.
Imagine if all that brain-power were to go into creating a hashing algorithm that only general purpose computers could decode. It doesn't seem -at all- like a fantasy, it merely seems like a young field to me. Why would you think that a general purpose hashing algorithm is impossible. Do you have some mathematical proof that shows that? It's merely the case that only recently we had the need of such a ... contraption so not enough research is done to it yet.


The amount of security that general purpose algorithm could produce (though turning the whole online population into miners) may seem extreme right now, but in a world where cryptography and not central banking is what we trust for our transactions, the creation of money and monetary policy it would be exactly what we need.
You only see Bitcoin as it is now, barely out of the womb. I see it as a potential world currency which at first would exist in parallel with fiat but eventually would eclipse it. At that point *total* decentralization not only would be recommended, but it would be *mandatory*. You can't go there without first inventing a hashing algorithm that would be optimized for machines that people *own*.
@_date: 2018-10-08 07:10:27
When done in bulk fees of  markets are near non existent. Check forex's fees.
Cryptos allow to having multiple assets acting as one. To forego of that ... superpower would be wasteful and I am fully expecting a future of multiple underlying currencies that we collectively call bitcoin/crypto or whatever. Point is that it won't be just one.
That cuts down the risk of trusting one network to being right until the end of time. Even if one is attacked you'd have another to make your transactions , etc. Volatility would go down with use. In fact there is no reason that crypto currencies would be more volatile than how extant fiat currencies are right now. More than anything given that many of them already have a fixed monetary policy , it's much more probable that long term would be far less volatile than anything we have today.
I'm talking of a world where crypto works and it's not just a speculative aspect. Think more of the terms of that world...
@_date: 2019-03-16 00:11:38
I mean in 2015 capitulation came at the $200-$300 range which was ... moon 3 years before that. So it seems to be a recurring theme. Then again this may not be capitulation yet, this bear doesn't have to replicate the last...
@_date: 2018-10-27 19:58:32
It isn't. Markets never reacted to it.
You should not ask a journalist , or an "analyst" what is important for a market. Only the market itself know what is important.
Bitcoin strongly reacted to the run up of the unveiling of the CBOE bitcoin futures (last year) and will probably do the same to the run up of the unveiling of the CBOE bitcoin ETFs (next year).
Lightning, Bakkt and pretty much any other product can't or rather shan't move the market(s).
It may be proven a game changer it may be not. The market clearly doesn't believe so. The only game changers according to the markets are the CBOE products.
@_date: 2018-10-22 18:52:53
How is it good news for small timers? It will force the difficulty even higher crashing all small operations causing further centralization in or around valleys where electricity is zero or near zero...
@_date: 2018-10-17 21:40:47
If you have the biggest financial crisis ever you're not getting any investors to bitcoin , I guara-f*cki-ntee it. Just last week bitcoin reacted in unison with the stock exchange.
It's seen as a risky investment for a reason. It doesn't have the 5000 year history of gold. Even if it is to replace gold, a recession in middle of what was supposed to be a growth period (World economy seems top alternate between 10 year recessions and 20 year growth period, s&amp;p 500 show that effect exactly) would absolutely kill it, especially it being so young.
BTW everybody and his dog is expecting a recession. It's too obvious, it isn't coming. It will only come once all the bears give up and all we have is bulls.
@_date: 2019-03-15 17:34:58
I don't *want* a derivative for a currency. I want more people to be exposed to it, realised its brilliance and eventually be won over by its sheer effectiveness (cutting out the middleman for 90% of the situations).
Obviously I do not care for any of those products personally, I think I made it clear enough.
Also Gold and silver are not (really) digital entities, nor are they unknown to the general public, so obviously they did not benefit from it. Bitcoin's price would hardly be affected by derivatives **because it actually has use cases** ... Unlike gold or silver
Those mainstream financial products are our trojan horse to make bitcoin better known to the general public. Most people won't be forced to know of any concept unless and until it has a way to immediately affect their lives. If bitcoin starts to be offered in whatever form more and more people would be *forced* to read up about its use cases and mechanisms.
We are in the phase that we need exposure. Most people don't know what Bitcoin is or what it can be. Most of what people think they know about Bitcoin is monstrous (whatever popular media tells them so that to sell clicks). We have to give ways for people to come to know it . The more ways the better...
@_date: 2018-10-20 18:58:22
Governments of all ilks can be abusive.
I understand why independence in the past happened. Local rulers wanted more power and they gained it. Most of every independence movement that succeeded started with local rulers. It is a scam most often than not. For simple  people it often made little to no difference, for local rulers it made huge difference as they would be taxed no more.
People asking for independence of this kind in the 21st century is so very regressive. We are in the cusp of actually having independence by automating most parts of governance and you are asking for a different set of rulers as if we live in the freaking 19th CE?
If you play stupid games you will get stupid results. The world should become more , not less, connected under an automated form of governance which gives dicincentives to people to leave their lands and massively migrate and/or regions gaining power over other regions (war).
@_date: 2018-10-18 08:03:53
We live in the first centruty almost completely shaped by US. Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon are mostly the ones that are controlling most of the world with their respective products (Internet/search, electronics, social networks, OS + cloud computing, cloud computing + commerce).
And it's not only them. It's also the ones coming after them. Many/most blokchain based foundations/products, Energy storage and electric transportation, AI hardware.
All those are done in the rest of the world, don't take me wrong but in a far far lower level. China is the only one who matches the level of US but for most of their products they never went global, they are not open to the world, the believe in autarky and ironically enough the countries that believe in autarky never become that *because of* said belief. So apart from mobiles China is top in no other field (despite having the capacity to be that if they so wanted).
We live in an era of absolute US dominance. 1950s was not that despite US being the only major country standing. 1920s was certainly not that. Heck not even leading to the millennium (and the last grand recession) US was not that.
Us built the new economy we are into it and seem to also be building the next one. Tech stocks are overbouight so I expect a 1987 level crash at most . But the whole thing is not reversing. Maybe to the rest of the countries. Not US who is basically making money from the whole world at an increasing rate at this point...
Imagine if Electric vehicles becomes as big as Model 3 presales suggest. Imagine if local space exploration/ asteroid mining turns into a multi trillion industry. Imagine if energy production companies starts using batteries way more than they used to, if AI hardware is used everywhere... *All* those fields have US companies at their forefront and the rest of the world is further left behind.
IMO we are at the knee of the exponential. Not only is the thing not going to stop , it is going to accelerate. But first a mini crash may be needed.
@_date: 2018-10-26 16:10:42
Haven't seen &gt;1% move for daaaays. And when it happens it is a rare phenomenon...
Bitcoin is crazy undervalued, it is also the case that the last exponential (nov-dec 2017 one) hurt it , so there would be sometime before retail investors  touch it again... Until then... sideways action.
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:38:08
Last time it took a solid day for bitcoin to react.
It was a results' day -though- in the stock market , so indeed we may not be affected this time 'round. But generally the two are very coupled.
@_date: 2018-10-24 16:46:44
We know at least 3 of them to be affiliated with each other (ViaBTC, Antpool, BTC.com) , who knows how many more?
What we do know is that over 80% of the pools are situated in China and due to latency issues we have to assume that the miners connected to them are as well.
That's up from 60ish% from 2 years ago. It does show an increasing centralization although whether it is actually a centralized hashrate or not is up to debate (those pools can well be of competing interests despite being situated in the same country).
It is troubling though , that those with by far the best access to the money printers (asic miners) are situated in what basically amounts a strip of land. I would had felt much more secure if bitcoin was mined by a piece of hardware that is ubiquitous and regional or economic monopolies were far harder to achieve.
It's early days till, but Bitcoin's choice (basically) to not fight ASICs may be proven its doom. IMO it's the greatest existential threat that Bitcoin has and ever had. Hope lt works well for the sake of all of us, because competing methods of validation and block creation seem even more manipulatatable.
@_date: 2018-10-08 05:21:10
No reason for them not to be P2P, so no cuts necessary apart from the network's fees, which you were going to pay anyway. 
@_date: 2018-10-23 20:51:26
If that's true then you'd keep doing BS jobs so that you may feel useful.
Truth is 90% of the productivity is produced by 10% of the people (the pareto distribution of productivity). Meaning that 90% of the population should be left to die or left with only meager means to survive according to your understanding of value.
I am not a big proponent of UBI because I honestly don't know how it can play out. But saying that people should work their income is some next level BS. 90% of the population doesn't and most of them are more useful sitting at home than pretending to work in some inefficient manner making the life of the rest that much more difficult.
There are so many "coworkers" that I would had much preferred if they were to stay at home instead of making my life difficult because some guru said they should work their income. Newsflash: most people are too dumb to work their income, machines or actually productive people already got them...
@_date: 2018-10-16 14:18:14
So they're so dirty that they don't care that their compatriots and even part of their extended family suffer because they support a despot?
Wow, that's peak selfishness, literally caring for nothing or no-one, apart from yourself. That's always the part that was weird for  me. It's not just Maduro, for a guy like him to be in power for so long, there must be a slew of people just as bad or worse than him...
@_date: 2018-10-31 08:28:35
Q1 of 2018 still saw great interest in Cryptos. Possibly greater than Q4 2017.
2019 would be the interesting year. If it is as "quiet" as 2016 (the year after the last bear) was I expect coinbase to be regressing
@_date: 2018-10-12 17:43:05
The quote literally said the opposite . Nationalists are against the gold standard because they cannot control it's outcome(s) (price of gold is controlled by the world economy, I.e. gold is a globalist tool that nationalists absolutely hate).
They believe the world is a zero sum game , so influencing or being influenced by the world markets is at best unnecesary, at worse downright harmful. No wonder that nationalistic societies bear close resemblance to pure socialism and socialistic societies end up being extremely nationalistic...
@_date: 2018-10-15 22:33:49
Google cannot answer why in the hell such governments can even exist. The study of sociology should expect them not to (sooner rather than later part of the governmental apparatus would turn against another part, espec the armed part)
@_date: 2018-10-25 05:14:56
It's part of their portfolio. When things start going south they would liquadate. Some say all of it, I'd expect they'd live some in the tank, but still the effect to bitcoin would be catastrophic.
IMO Bitcoin is unready for a 2008 style recession and certainly unsteady for a down period like how the whole 2000s was...
Thankfully it does not seem that it is coming for some years at least. We may have a crash but eventually the last S&amp;P high would be overtaken in the following months.
@_date: 2018-10-11 20:08:30
It's Satoshi.
He's gon market sell each and every one of his bitcoins for sh**s and giggles.
As it turns out he's a troll playing the long con.
First he created bitcoin to see if it survives and now he prepares to sell it all so that to burn as many as possible. 
@_date: 2018-10-18 16:44:44
There was no standalone crisis in 2008. There was a multi-year recession that started in 2000 and ended in 2009. Again look at the chart that I just gave you.
It's quite obvious that the market is cyclical. Reasons are secondary. There are always reasons for financial crises, the greatest of all being coming in the heels of a multi-year , incessant growth.
While the reasons matter in explaining where is the economy going, they do not account for short-medium term movements of the market.
That's what most analysts don't get. The fact that you can identify a reason due to which a crisis can happen doesn't necessarily make it probable. You have to look at other things too. For example the fact that S&amp;P less than 3x its 2009 lows (inflation adjusted) means that we still have ways to go. In all the three previous recession we got at least 6-7x growth before a recession were to be triggered. That happened in 1912, in 1972 and in 2000
It seems to me that you have to be closing that number before starting to expect a multi-year recession. This has held true for 140 years. Doesn't mean that it cannot change. All I'm saying that I scarcely find a serious reason (one of them would be if a true competitor to US where to arise, but none still exist, all seem inflicted by archaic systems of commerce and governance). 
@_date: 2018-10-17 22:36:21
I expect a new ATH next July. It sounds far fetched, but given it's past history it's not *that* far fetched. 
Of course this bear may last twice as long as the last one so no new ATH until 2023 or so...
@_date: 2018-10-31 21:33:38
Nov 2014
Also ... Freaking finally! We will stop getting those asinine posts ("BTC was the best investment for 2018, it is so and so up YoY!" )
@_date: 2018-10-21 02:58:41
Everyone is waiting for a flush down but I don't understand why. Both "flushes" in '15 (Jan and Sept) happened after some quite substantial increases in price before them (30-40%)
We had them in July and Late August (40% and 20% respectively) but we didn't have any flushes after that, in fact we kept setting new higher lows.
So either the market moves as it did in 2015 (I.e. no flush when moving sideways) or it does something completely new (I.e. it crashes while moving sideways) from which of course there is no guarantee that it can recover anytime soon, gold (for example) is struggling for years...
@_date: 2018-10-04 02:02:19
The two are linked. Due to high debt, quantitive easing exists which fuels a currency crisis (I.e. high inflation)
New debt is created partly because there is easy money abound. Hard money (like Bitcoin) cannot create a debt crisis. Nobody wants to owe bitcoin for long because -then- he cannot push his buddies in the central bank to print BS money so that he may get a loan at negative interest rates (basically) and repay his debt.
None of this can exist with capped supply. 
@_date: 2018-10-23 18:50:56
They implicitly care by caring about Bitcoin's price.
Bitcoin's value comes from being hinged in no authority. No way people that are skeptical or unwilling to cooperate with authorities would start investing in stable coins. By replacing one unaccounted authority (central banks) with another (basically an exchange) you achieved nothing and there is no value proposition to your offering.
Stablecoins are great for traders, they do not go further than that.
@_date: 2018-10-30 00:39:26
Bitcoin is not math based. It is consensus based. It is possible that there are two or three parallel chains, all equally valid mathematically speaking. It's the consensus the one that chooses the valid chain. And whoever control the consensus basically controls the outcome of the coin.
@_date: 2018-10-26 18:10:00
Mining still give great profits to projects that are not ASIC mined like Ravencoin (GPU mined) and Nerva (CPU mined).
It would had given great profits to Bitcoin too. But given that Bitcoin is mined by something that is easy to produce in giant numbers it means that it can match the profitability of high priced Bitcoin very easily
For example say Bitcoin goes from 1k to 20k in a year. It only needs 1 further year for the network to reach the break even hashrate (even if it was stay as expensive) despite having gone 20x up,  ASIC miners are very easy to produce in giant numbers and that's a definite negative because they cannot withstand market downturns. They are also useless to sell in a market downturn so that are only good for attacking the network (in downturns), at least some of them are.
It's of the many game theoretic games that a professionally mined coin loses. I.e. no resaleability of their miners during downturns, which can be extended and thus puts the network in a precarious situation (the more miners that are idle and the more time they remain idle, they a re a possible threat to the network)...
@_date: 2018-10-24 01:44:40
Well I'm less optimistic than you are. People are mostly born and secondarily made according to whatever they were given. Some were given more, some less, it is a lottery that takes place when the sperm fertilizes the egg (first), the conditions during pregnancy (second) , the first 3-5 years of the child (thirdly) and everything else is just making use of whatever you were randomly given in those events.
I don't think that certain people through reeducation could become much more useful. I mean you can try, as it was often tried. But if you wear lipstick to a pig ... it is still a pig.
And I'm not a eugenicist or anything like that, I'm telling those from the most humane point of view possible. Some people are born to suck in matters of productivity. Doesn't make them useless socially. But still they 'would prolly suck no.matter.what.you.do. And if that's the case what do you do with those people?
Have them litter the workplace? Because that is what we currently do so that we can pretend that unemployment rates are low. But maybe those rates have to be higher or rather *should* be higher. Maybe some people have no place in the workplace no matter how much you try to re-educate them.
If that's true our current system is cruel and hopelessly optimistic at the same time. Seriously something must be done with those people...
@_date: 2018-10-15 11:45:06
So basically the government is there to make sure that no ray of sunshine would even attempt to enter people's lives. 
How are they still in power again? I mean if they predate on their own people they have already lost the right to govern them, no?
@_date: 2018-10-20 21:45:20


And you do understand it?
Bitcoin showed to us that all is needed is one man and a working system to basically (and eventually) replace the past. He didn't have to "work with the system", maybe cozy up with the extant financial system or anything in between. He just built a system and it worked. People would eventually use bitcoin more and more because it just works.
Also I don't think that all independance movements were a wasted effort, merely the very modern ones. Yes I do believe that we are far closer to autonomous government *if we work towards that direction* instead of cozying up to 19th ce politics. I don't have to think that we need to take too many intermediate steps, because that's not what happened with other technologies. More often than not the change was abrupt.
Bitcoin came out of nowhere, as did the change that social networks brought or the mobile economy. Sometimes all you need is the initial technology and once you have it *bam* the whole world switched in just a decade.
Obviously things *don't* have to be as abrupt either. But honestly we don't know. You're a pessimist, I'm more of an optimist that I need to be ... maybe. But honestly I have few reasons to think that if it was trully tried a form of blockchain governance could not work to a point.
So instead of doing away with the Spanish, ignore them. You can start by demanding forms of autonomous government before asking for independance. Use your threat of independance as way to bring trully incorruptible governance. And if that happens you won't care if you're part of Spain, because it wouldn't matter. You'd really only be part of yourself.
I think in place of independance movements we have to have more and more demand of regime change instead. A bit of how Europe switched to democracy almost overnight, maybe it would make sense to use those grievances as a way to a Pan-European movement against identifiable *human* governance.
BTW I'm not anarchic at all. I'm not foolish enough to think that people would be self governed. Some would, some wouldn't and those that they would not would break havoc. I'm just against identifiable governance, where an a$$hole politician can put his a$$hole son in positions of power.
Which is why I'm also pro EU but only as long as you cannot identify individual sources of power. As long as the EU governance is forming a Nash Equilibrium it is a good one, if not it is better to be fixed than leave. Instead of Brexit , Britain should had asked for fairer governance. What they got instead is their own a$$hole governors instead of the European ones, which in the end of the day makes little difference to the average Brit.
@_date: 2018-10-20 19:53:32
Ideologue of which faction?
No , you are the ideologue of a 19th century self-perpetuating myth. That there is something (anything really) that is above the individual and that it can act as one.
You said that a vote was taken. Again, what are you talking about? If say 52% of the population wanted independence how are the wants and needs of the rest of the 48% accounted for?
You are on a bitcoin sub and the reason why Bitcoin is truly revolutionary (decentralized governance and the capacity for minority voices to also have a voice) eclipses you.
You represent the old (that is hopefully dying) and we (at least the ones of us who saw the genius in the solving of the Byzantine generals' problem) are hoping for a better future, not of merely money governance, but also governance in general.
Independence movements and Bitcoin are so counter to each other, I can't even begin to see where the two meet. They represent two starkly different versions of the world. The one understands individuals as part of a body politique and the other understands individuals as ... individuals.


Never once did I do that, I even gave examples of how the citizens were impacted negatively. I wrote that it makes no difference for citizens to choose one way or another in the sense that they'll still be ruled. Sure, it's playing the dice again ... but ultimately you are playing dice with the odds stuck against you. Independence movements in the 21st CE are stupid and pessimistic in their worldview. 
There have to be better ways to make people freer, in fact we see the first versions of them being developed, yet some willfully deny this reality and prefer to live in the past by redrawing boarders for the nth time.
@_date: 2018-10-14 20:33:25


And what I am trying also tell you that they will always be no matter how cheaper they get. You have to buy a piece of hardware that otherwise you wouldn't (have to).


No, because that's how many nodes you need to compete with factories full of miners. If you go lower it would be trivial for someone with several millions to throw. If instead you have half the planet's population mining... Good luck controlling that network.


Again that will only drive the cost of mining down. It won't make half the world's population join in the mining business. Taking over networks would still be very easy in an asic world even if 1 million competitors exist.
Immutability is too serious of an issue to be left to marginal groups of peoples (enthusiasts and professionals). I'd feel much safer if most of earth's population was also participating.
Already most people in the western countries spend half their waking day online. This would happen increasingly more to more places. Imagine most of the world mining for most of their waking day. Even if it only uses a small part of their resources, those solo miners would be almost impossible to be overtaken.
But again, you need general purpose mining to achieve this.
@_date: 2018-10-16 12:18:21
I know the history. Chavez was popular too because at first he brought a better life experience to people.
But things have changed since. Why should Maduro have the military in his pocket? Don't those people have families that also suffer? Why should they protect the tyrant that makes their family suffer? It makes no sense. They saw (within their lifetime) a dramatic decline in their quality of life, and especially in the quality of life of people around them.
Are those people blind, or so completely selfish that they don't care that their compatriots and often family members are suffering?
@_date: 2018-10-14 12:33:13


Disagree, the more ads one puts to a website/app the more profitable it gets. Which is why most websites/apps found a happy medium between profitability and user experience.
I expect same dynamics would play with miners. Those sites/apps that overdo it (use way too much compute/battery) people would basically not visit, a bit of how they avoid websites that ads are the majority of their content.
Don't take what happens now as an example. It doesn't happen in scale so many websites overdo it. Once it becomes more of a norm it would be as normal as having ads. Some would prefer an ad free environment as long as it doesn't kill their battery and websites/apps would use just the right amount so that to not turn off people.


To counter big farms' centralization?
3-4 billions as of current.


Certainly but won't be able to shake the big farms' dominance. Very much unlike my scenario where the whole online population is basically mining one way or another.


Unless you live where 70% of the world population leaves (10-30 degrees above the equator). In which case heating is a net negative year 'round.
@_date: 2018-10-24 00:31:54
It's not about BS jobs. It's about people sucking at most of anything. That's true across the board not just my org.
Middle management won't change human nature. Some people are simply more driven, or plainly smarter. The idea that everyone is or can be useful is verging to religious catechism.
There is no reason to believe that. While it may be demoralising to let certain people to not work, really the alternative (what we do) is a workplace theater. 
If we were to not give handouts then more than 50% of the populations would die out. IMO allowing a non productive person to have employment *is* a handout, worse than in fact, because those people interfere with the productivity of others.
UBI tries to get in terms with that. IMO in a non efficient manner, but eventually we *have to* implement some version of it. More than 50% of the population should not be employed, period. Just find some BS reason to let them be away from a professional environment.
The reason is of course the pareto distribution. 80% of useful work is done by 20% of a given effort. Which translates to less than 30-40% of the working people producing most of all the work in a workplace. More that half are not slackers, they are worse than slackers. They pretend to work, be paid for it, all the while they do something that a machine would do better. I much prefer if those people, collectively stay at home. Or being paid so that to buy products and move the economy ... Or whatever really.
@_date: 2018-10-24 19:43:58
Except taxation is only part of your earnings. Meaning that the government only appropriates part of your well being. In China your whole existence is appropriated. If they don't like you enough you get ... disappeared. Your whole person deleted from every database and your body working to some high security prisons.
The same can be said for those deemed criminals in the west, but it's simply harder to be in that category and in fact in most of the western nations (apart from US) almost impossible.
So let us not pretend that West's idea of freedom is the same as China's total control... I would never understand how those societies become so uniform though. In the West it has only happened in fiction, in the East it happens all over the place. Are some societies easier to subdue?
@_date: 2018-10-12 13:48:48
During a downturn it can easily become profitable.
Imagine a situation where mining a bitcoin costs you twice as much as buying it. This represents a tremendous opportunity cost for your mining equipment (that either stay idle or mine at a cost).
In that case not only is it rational but expected that certain forms of centralized hashpower would attack the network. Not necessarily for the sake of the double spends' worth (which can be pitiful) but for the sake of gaming the market and gaining tremendously by betting the market.
Think those attacks as a way to inside trade.
And IMO this kind of scenario was not addressed in the above video nor in this comments section. IMO centralization is the result of abandoning the "one CPU , one vote" tenet which forms the basis of the game theoretic apparatus of Proof of Work validation and extraction method.
If we return to that, centralization of the network would be greatly alleviated. This can happen if mining efficiency returns to consumer electronics, therefore allowing anyone to mine semi efficiently.
Of course that would require a PoW algorithm change, which in turn requires a hard fork and since Bitcoin is averse to hard forks (for a good reason mostly) it won't be the easiest to achieve. However in the not too distant future mining *has to* return to the people so that Bitcoin will revert into being "the people's currency".
@_date: 2018-06-30 00:20:40
That represent more loss than any other single year, both percentage wise and cap wise.
Where does the "still" refer to?
If say we reach 200 bil or go below it would be an unrecognizable landscape. Never before did the market lost so much in 6 months ever since it broke the 1 billion cap.
If a bloodbath happens (from here) I don't think anyone survives, including bitcoin...
@_date: 2018-06-26 02:10:27
No it was not . Litecoin is a Bitcoin clone, it implicitly incentivizes centralization (due to no counter measures to bad luck in small pools and using a simplistic PoW algorithm which invites unfair play from hardware manufacturers).
Litecoin still has to do most of everything off chain.
Litecoin only has faster block confirmations and that's about it, really. It *is* a bitcoin variant, it has all its downsides.
The above are mostly true for most other blockchains/cryptos as well.
New tech that will replace the old would be different in some more fundamental ways. A bit of how Google's search algorithm was a rewrite...
It's plain as day to see that BTC while vastly superior to the banking sector as far as security goes, it's way inferior to possible (new) implemenations.
It suffers from being a prime mover...
@_date: 2018-10-30 05:33:01
Which again is what people decided by buying one asset more than other and basically controlling which of the two chains would get the greatest hashrate.
Like I said , it is consensus based, not math based. It's like saying that a game of basketball is math powered because you use math operations to calculate the final score. Math is the glue, but Bitcoin is people powered , it's just more exact in showing the will of the majority than other forms of money.
@_date: 2018-06-14 05:21:47
I really never understood the issue with Tether though.
Sure they practice fractional reserve banking. Banks are doing it for ... millions of years, now another private entity does it too and it is suddenly a bomb?
It is a scam, we all know it, but banks only went under under due to it once or twice in their history. To get out of crypto because Bitfinex is practicing a scam that becomes problematic every few decades is ... beyond unreasonable to me.
And yes I know that Bitfinex say that there is 1:1 correlation between tethers and available (to them) USD, but so does your local bank despite legally they are playing a different tune. For example if you $100000 in your local bank you are not told that only $10000 is actually available to you? Why? Because they are not. The chances there would be a bankrun are few and in between, it happens every several decades at most. Ot is not a cause of worry. Tether isn't either if people were not to react to it so heavily...
@_date: 2018-10-07 04:05:12
Yeah, but Bitcoin would -one day- stop its inexorable long term move towards the upside. It will find its price, meaning that a halving at that point would be disastrous as it would instantly put half of its hashrate out of commision, which in turn means that it would be seriously open to an attack.
If ASICs on the other hand had some resale value, it would be easier to simply sell them than do something as risky as attacking a utilitarian network. IMO that's one of the stronger points/reasons that point towards ASIC resistance. 
Granted ASIC-restistance is tough, but it enough smart people work on it I'm sure many ingenious ways would be found. Many more than the ones we already have (memory hardness, using all the components of a GPU, unpredictable PoW... etc)
@_date: 2019-08-11 10:16:24
Yeah they are a deluded bunch. Like many superior advancements of the past, Bitcoin is unfortunate enough to be supported by tribal simpletons (at least its vocal minority is that)
@_date: 2018-06-26 11:04:46
...unless you suddenly find out that your precious "gold" is open to 51% attacks and there is one next door that is actually far more secure..
Dunno, I mean Bitcoin has only survived for 6-9 months being in the spotlight and it already show signs that it can't take much more of it. One -certain- pool is about to take it over (more than 50%), there are runours of faster ASICs not yet released , yet working covertly, people have lost a lot and many if not most of them are reluctant to reenter.
Just because it survived in darkness, doesn't mean that BTC would survive in the spotlight. Time will tell, but if it is to be proven vulnerable (when being on the spotlight) everybody and his dog would abandon it. Nobody would store his/her gold in a ... leaky safe
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:47:47
Nope, crypto (total) market cap went from 15 bil to 4.5 bil within 2014.
We went from 810 bill to 233 bil (currentrly). Not only are we there, we are below in both cap and percentage.
As for bitcoin, obviously it has not reached its lows (percentage wise), but cap wise it was a decimation unlike any other.
Again reread my comment.
@_date: 2018-06-24 12:29:44
Well as long as posts like mine get downvoted it means you should sell. I've been through the 2014 winter. As long as people would chastise those selling meant it was still time to sell... It only starting trending up when posts like mine used to be upvoted.
I'm being buried as we speak. So sell! 6k was a significant milestone. People didn't realize, they will in the coming weeks of doom and gloom. Only if you sell massively you may be spared (you can regain your positions later on). The ship is going into untold depths.,.
@_date: 2018-10-20 21:14:41


I do not believe that. I believe that *that* is the way forwards though. To have as little identifiable human bornt individual interests interacting with decision making as possible.
If you wish to loathe this sort of opinion be my guest. But since Bitcoin has shown the way of how we can have governance in a monetary system without an individual governing party it is not a jump to assume that we can implement that (with various levels of success) in all  the levels of governance.
Creating a game theoretic balance between different actors all the while the balance is kept by an algorithm instead of a governing body. IMO that's the dream. No one specific being able to truly govern even if he/she had all the means in the world ...
Again I don't see where you disagree apart from my timetables (also didn't say that such a future is imminent, merely that we have to push it to become one).
@_date: 2018-06-29 00:42:13
"pharma grade MDMA"
Worth it!
@_date: 2018-10-27 03:58:06
But normal cycles last 2 decades. Why the sudden rush to have a big recession after just a decade? Sure we may have a crash or two, but a sustained downturn? It makes no sense, especially at the peak of the American hegemony and high tech cash cows.
Just look at the S&amp;P 500 140 year history, inflation adjusted. We are in the midst of the 4th big growth period (turn of the last century was the first, mid last century was the 2nd,  end of the last century was the last before this one, while this one is the first of the 21st century): 
What makes you think that this one would be cut short? We live in a period of unprecedented peace and during the growth period of the possibly greatest invention of mankind yet (the linking of billions of brains through the Internet). Why should *this* market cycle be shorter than the other 3 (typically 2 decades each)?
@_date: 2018-10-30 04:50:36
Remind me how exactly did "math (sha hashing)" decided that BTC is Bitcoin and BCH is not... They're both mathematically valid continuations of the original chain that SN put forward and both started with the genesis block of his.
@_date: 2018-06-26 10:59:04
Another thing to have heard, another thing -altogether-  to have bought.
Again, I'm talking here about volumes.Those who paid a lot to buy during 2013/2014 typically wouldn't in 2017. Again, generally markets are being supplied with new blood when the old one is all but ... gone.
We cannot "repump" this market with the blood that has already "left its body". I'm looking at google trends day in day out. They show the influx of newbs. As long as they are mostly falling we would be falling...
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:45:44
Honestly if it breaks below the 6k level we're officially in 2014 style winter which we were lucky that it ended. Not unlike then there is a good chance that we've got ourselves into a death spiral, only for real this time.
If it breaks the 6k level it breaks the only true support level (the one created just before the Nov/Dec pump run). It's truly bad news and it will show what Google trends show for ages, people don't believe in BTC anymore and they may never return.
If it breaks the 6k level there is no good reason that it will stop at 4k or 3k or any k really. Bitcoin is built on trust, if you lose the one support level you legitimately built (before the whole "futures debacle / pump run") there is a chance that you lost everything, just don't know it yet.
Those posting arbitrary support levels below 6k I don't know what you're thinking. If it breaks below, legitimately does (i.e. not briefly) we have no breaks... no breaks apart from dumb luck (what in part stopped the 2014 bleed).
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:54:15
Because it is a way for them to get to BTC. Possibly the only way for some of those "get rich quick" types. They buy scamcoin A , they see it bleeds to BTC continuously, they go back to BTC. It's basically one of the main routes that BTC got valuation lately...
Why should you care how people come to BTC, the point is to come. The greatest scam of all is fiat. As long as they part with it it is great even if they made a pit stop in another scam coin in the meanwhile.
Why should you care about their particular path? There is no moral ground to that. There *is* a moral ground to want them to part with fiat given how scammy things like QE and negative interest rates are though...
And BTW it is sociopathic to let people to a fiat purgatory just because their immediate instinct was not to invest in Bitcoin. Let them get in terms with it step by step. It's mostly the purpose of most alts in the grand scheme of things...
@_date: 2018-06-30 06:27:08
Problem is that actual people with actual money bought Tron (and/or any other sh*tcoin). The amount of people burnt this time as compared to 2014 is certainly an order of magnitude higher.
Again you cannot pretend it is "business as usual". Societies wake up to how devastating cryptos can be (when used wrongly, as they currently are) and this can *certainly* affect Bitcoin as well.
Again, never before so many lost so much in crypto space. It's a first by a wide margin.
@_date: 2018-06-30 05:43:42
Both actually. The backbone was formed by mainstay universities
@_date: 2018-06-30 19:05:01
Crypto is the incentive system that decentralizes the blockchain.
If you think that the blockchain does not need to be decentalized then I have news for you. SQL databases are two orders of amgnitude faster and do more things
If you think that crypto is not a proper incentive system for decentralization I'm waiting to hear a better option.
The genius of Nakamoto was to think that you have to pay people to do you a job reliably. If you are not to you risk everything (basically why I'm sceptical of PoS systems, without a cashcow for network validators, now they have all the incentive in the world to attack it).
I mean sure, there can be a car without wheels. But it sounds foolish to recommend one to build it without having a better alternative in mind. I'm sure small permissioned blockchains will be built here and there, but they would hardly be an improvement. Most possibly be scrapped over time and replaced by better forms of distributed databases.
So I doubt that blockchain has a future. It is not a very good system, very clanky, slow and a bit dim. Cryptos on the other hand may do (it secures the blockchain, additionally they have properties of their own).
@_date: 2019-08-14 11:01:12
Free speech doesn't make one above the repercussions of libel or similar forms of false reporting...
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:29:31
My point was (and is) that it's time for Bitcoin to become relevant as something other than collectible (basically what it currently is).
Gold (which is thrown a lot here) *is* actually useful for something, it is merely used less because of how insanely valuable it otherwise is. It does have a base value which is other than what speculators think.
Bitcoin *still* doesn't. It is not being used in any major way. Lightning cannot come faster, heck it should had come immediately after the 2014 crash, as it was a warning towards what asset classes (w no practical value) become.
The lighting network is the first *practical* outlet of bitcoin. Finally you can trade instantly with minimal fees. People get too comfortable on what bitcoin "can be" or what it supposedly is (it isn't a store of value despite anyone may tell you. Storage of value allows you to withdraw whenever, you practically cannot withdraw bitcoin during a crash).
It's almost 10 years old already. It finally has to find a real use outside black/grey markets (they are tiny compared to the real economy). My opinion is that development is slow enough, and speculatory phases are fast enough that *before* you turn BTC into something actually useful it would have fallen in such infamy that it won't matter in the end...
@_date: 2018-06-25 01:40:14
Determined but unpredictable.
Think of a "multi-puzzler". An algorithm that not only changes the puzzle each time a block is found but also what is deemed as an acceptable solution of the puzzle.
Say every 1000 blocks you take the header of the last solved block and with it (after a transformation) you communicate to wallets and miners what an acceptable (confirmed) block is from now on. In this case a block that has 40 zeros in its end, in another case it may be 40 1s , or maybe a random looking series of numbers as determined by the "1000th" block.
Every 10000 blocks you change the needed placement of those characters. Say you now demand them at the start of your block (again, the 10000's block would determine that).
In general you find ways to f*ck with the puzzle itself and eventually the hashing algorithm too.
Of course none of the above can happen to bitcoin. You have to build a crypto from the ground up where nothing is sacred. Not the puzzle, not even the hashing algorithm. Basically turning "puzzle solving" into a general computer's problem.
And since general use computers are in, kind of a limit, you'd be following Moore's law and not the arbitrary pace of ASIC manufacturers (who can often withhold information so that mine covertly and release their lesser stuff to the public).
The above along with "variable rewards" (i.e. the inability to get the full block reward if you're a giant pool) can well make that much more expensive to centralize the network.
Again centralization may well happen. But this time it would be far more expensive. For starters you need FPGAs instead of ASICs which are far harder to manufacture and program and far more expensive as a consequence. Secondly you'd need to run multiple pools to reach 50% (just one won't do it as most people would avoid your pool once it gets big enough, due to the lower rewards it would give), which again is far more expensive to operate and organize and far harder to do a double spend if you have to confirm it via multiple entities, i.e to manufacture a consensus (and even then it would not be a sure thing as you would compete with other smallish pools).
Solutions exist, but with Satoshi going dark people are too afraid to "change his vision". What that may do is ,eventually, the market to move to a more secure, faster crypto. Not saying that any of the alts is even close to that, just highlighting how insane room of improvement exists still. Satoshi merely created one stepping stone, we're supposed to build the rest, starting with the fundamental questions... (i.e. is Bitcoin reaaaally secure?)
@_date: 2019-08-31 16:44:43
Of course it is not perfect. But Bitcoin's foundational thesis is its decentralization on all its aspects. Decentralized nodes, decentralized mining nodes, even diverse ownership of bitcoin.
Asics are not the end of the road unless you make it to be. Most compute right now happens on the kind of processors that we own on our phones. Why is that? It is because most compute is unpredictable enought that it simply makes no sense to have to build a specialized module for its type of compute that may be needed.
An algorithm which mimicks the kind of a workload that a lay user produces, I.e. unpredictable and semi-random is not the type of compute which can be calculated by specialized machines.
It is basically what some alts try to do (with varying amounts of success). Point is that if the type of energy used to secondary uses of bitcoin were/was to also be used for one of its most fundamental uses, I.e. a type of mining that lends itself to a diverse crowd then we wouldn't have to have this discussion.
You're exactly correct, Satoshi was not all-knowing, all-predicting which is exactly why we should be able to edit some of his work. If anything the whole block size debate is secondary to the type of debate which has to do with the democratization of mining (I.e. the ability to mine efficiently no matter the device you own). I honestly cannot think any other way to avoid cartels long term, other than giving the keys back to the people... Enough with those behemoths of facilities, it boggles my mind that Bitcoin should be like that...
@_date: 2019-08-18 15:15:03
You asked me what I could not do via separate means and I answered that nothing could do those things with the same piece of code.
I wanted an uncensored value transfer AND and a mutually agreed piece of code to run. I can do them separately, I can do them via some contraption that uses many things at once, but nobody could do it as simply as having to run a single program on that particular block chain.
Again, I am perfectly aware of the technical limitations of ETH *and* the fact that its use cases can (possibly) be way too specific to be useful. But sure as heck did answer your question.
I am not even the greatest fun of their solutions. I have gathered quite many down votes on their sub so I am not sure why should I be put in a position to defend them, apart from the fact that what I operated with did not seem like some kind of elaborate scam as you seem dead-set to prove (that it is).
@_date: 2019-08-19 14:32:40
You are projecting. You are here to have the last word, I'm here to actually hear your points in the conversation you left unfinished. Do not worry I am very patient. One day we will continue that conversation from where it was left.
@_date: 2018-06-17 10:26:51
Again hashrate does not secure a network, decentralization is.
If most of this "new" hashrate came from one pool or two maybe you are *less* secure not more. Not saying tnat it is is, but since 51% attacks happen due to centralization of hashrate regardless of the total hashare at the time maybe we should put to rest that hashrate alone is an important metric of security...
@_date: 2018-06-28 20:08:31
Heh, it's more probable that SN can afford not taking this job and actually employing the person making the offer and in fact buying out his/her whole business (I mean the one's who made the offer).
Hard to employ billionaires it seems :p
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:28:53
Given that bitcoin has yet to be used in any real world application in any significant way it has not generated enough wealth to let people buy nice things.
If you bought a car with "crypto-gainz" be sure that most of it came by someone who lost.
As it stands it is a zero sum game I'm afraid, I wouldn't be too proud. I mean good on you to buy low and sell high, but for every one like you there is one who bought high and either sold low and/or is completely locked within the system and is basically holding bags right now.
Honestly you should not look to this tech to get rich. It is what brought us to the current, miserable , situation. You should look at it as a vehicle which can generate wealth in the real world. That is to say give efficiency, trust, open new markets... you know, the stuff that bitcoin was *supposed to* be doing at this point instead of (mostly) wrecking homes...
@_date: 2018-06-24 23:08:01
Then you get a centralized blockchain that eventually falls into disuse because another blockchain has found a way around Bitcoin's problems...
One way or another those vested interests would lose money. Either they would lose some (with my proposition) or all of it if Bitcoin eventually becomes invalidated by some better future tech... 
@_date: 2018-06-24 18:58:57
Still, more people lose money in parabolic markets that those that make money.
Which is why when a stock goes parabolic (and then crashes) there is ... the silence of the lambs for some years at least, if not outright catastrophe.
Like I said **too** many people got burnt...
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:18:39
Well people who are making those trading algorithms are dumb then because they use round numbers to set their buy/sell orders.
It's apparently easier to use round numbers... Also 6k was the last to be truly resisted before the FOMO run. Back then people were buying in anticipation of the Segwit X2 fork (wanted "free" coins) and when it became known that segwit x2 will never come they started panic selling, yet the market resisted to 6k. It was the only relatively large scale panic selling after bitcoin breached last summer's ATH, which js/was why it is/was a legit restiance point. Too many buy at those point, too many lose taste at selling at those points. Also it is a mark that has been revisited thrice since, in all 3 the volume of selling was sig ificant yet it was resisted (last one is ongoing I guess).
If we lose such a strong point of defence it will show a fundamental shift of the socially agreed price of bitcoin (a bit above 6k) and we qould never know when the next such resistance point would be, maybe it would be at 3k, most poaaibly lower, why not $800?
Point is that the 6k mark gives an identity to bitcoin circa 2018, if you lose it you lose a lot more than  you think. It's not just a number, it is a number tested again and again and again, with insane volume at that. It always stood, you cannot but grant me that *such* resistance points when breached cause panic selling...
@_date: 2018-06-13 17:18:29
It means that the market is heavily manipulated. And by that I don't mean just Bitfinex but also Bloomberg and NY times. It is very much known for some months now (at least), they release it now because they stand to gain. I mean the market has botommed and they release it so that it may go below.
Mind you those are not bad actors, they are neutral actors making millions by manipulating the market. Bitfinex stands to gain fro a rising market, news agencies can win from both directions so they time their news releases. 
BTW this happens in all market, crypto is less regulated and thus easier to manipulate. The very same people who call for crypto demise, would suddenly recall what a great tech it is in a few, just wait.
@_date: 2018-06-24 23:20:17
If you bought at 12000 then 6000 is the same as 500 was to 1000.
The price of the coin is higher but also the average price of owning it has risen significantly too (due to 2017 run up, plus the rising difficulty for miners).
A naked price says nothing on is own one way or another...
Edit: unless you are a holder. But in that case too the price tells nothing to you as you do nothing with it, you don't trade, you don't sell, you just hold. If anything a greater price for a holder is a negative as he/she can now buy less with his/her fiat.
@_date: 2019-08-19 05:56:32
No I could not solve it using fiat or BTC via a native method. I've used a native method which connected work with value transfer, there is literally nothing else that does it (back in 2015 at least).
 Everything else you have to use composite solutions, *that* is exactly what I wanted to test and it worked (a native method). Obv it won't scale, you won't find an ardent ETH fan in me, but at this point you are pretending that it can only solve a single thing (running uncensored code) while in fact it can do other things too, at least in theory.
If you have that point of view on things, then yeah, everything is a scam. I -on the other hand- saw a programmable form of money which had as an input *work* (someone running my contract) and as an output payment, all happening within the same network/piece of code. This.has.never.been.done.before in the history of money. I wanted *that* to have tested, I did, it worked, it probably won't scale, but it doesn't matter 'cause I got a glimpse of how payments will happen in the future (prolly not by ETH or its tokens, but certainly by something that allows you to incorporate value transfer to a native piece of code).
Now do I have a piece of code that I absolutely want to be mined and eventually be executed on a decentralized system so that no-one can (or could) affect things when it is running? I cannot think of anything because it is not a question I have thought deeply, ETH is not of my primary concerns anyway, I tested a single thing on it so that to see whether it was actually a scam, I determined that it isn't however I also determined that it is possibly useless as long as the market does not find use cases for it. 
Then again the same is true for BTC, despite its much more complete nature, the market has yet to adopt it in any manner which you could say that it is an accepted form of money worldwide, but I am not as fast to call it a scam (as I have no evidence that ETH or XMR are either) merely early in its life cycle, possibly a bad idea in the grand scheme of things, certainly not a scam.
@_date: 2018-06-25 00:20:07
It has been for the last 8 years, we have no reason to believe that it will be for the next 80 , or even 8 for that matter.
Bitcoin has issues with centralization, relatively low amount of transactions per second (not a problem for a store of value, certainly a problem for a P2P payment system) and we nave no idea how its energy requirements would scale (IMO they are low for the time being, given what it can produce, but long term ... who knows).
Point is that we *still* don't know what bitcoin is good for. It is used (by a significant majority) as an instrument for speculation. Which is not a good use case for anything that purports that is willing to stay around long term.
Anything else has not taken root. 
Certainly it started a revolution which may or may not take root. But just because it was the prime mover there is no guarantee that it will be around for long. If anything, historically speaking, prime movers are the first casualties of an emerging technology.
It will be interesting to see and I do believe in the futute that bitcoin helped facilitate, I just don't know if it will be around to "see" it...
@_date: 2018-06-25 19:29:13
It has everything to do with it. If you are one person having lost all his money in bitcoin there is nothing stopping the next 10 to enter the market, if you have 10000 people that lost money and everybody knows at least one then there is plenty of incentive for many more people to *not* enter.


I don't, memories are not short. Most of the players that entered recently was new blood, very few of those that lost a lot in 2014 entered , or if they did , they did far less enthusiastically.
When you're burnt once, you don't want to be burnt twice, it's mere mammal instict. And in 2018's case there were far more people burnt in cryptospace than ever before. A majority of them won't be re-entering or they will reluctantly. You have to find new blood (which is what that ETF talk -for example- is all about, or similar).
The market won't recover if new money won't enter it, the old one won't re-enter... It's why market cycles on stock exchanges can last years, sometimes decades (after such a great crash)...
@_date: 2018-06-19 21:45:09
So securing a network is not "doing something"? o.o
Btw not saying that current pow implementations are the best thing in the world, if anything I am a critic of they way things went . But to go on the other end saying that "you know, security is easy, it should come at little or no cost"  is equally absurd to me.
Security costs *something* and by the looks of it it may be the most expensive something when building a network where trust is its main product (i.e. trust that your transaction will go through and not be tampered at any point and/or in any way).
It is not easy to valuate trust, or in this case network security. But if we were to do so I wouldn't be surprised that it may end up be one of the most power hungry thing humanity will have to deal with (i.e. creating trust).
Obviously banks are less power hungry but probably less efficient too as they do not produce the same amount of trust (just ask the Cypriots, or the Greeks who plain lost their money and/or were unable to withdraw greater than a set amount for the greatest time).
Maybe just maybe, PoW power consumption is not that inefficient given how much it (can possibly) do.
@_date: 2018-06-25 21:12:21
They can do this in any other coin. The significance of bitcoin was/is that it was the first working prototype of permissionless transacting. That's already has *some* value (especially if you transact in illegal substances or generally do sth that you don't want the government to know).
But the role that bitcoin plays can well be replaced by a better tech and speculators would jump to that *because of * greed.
Bitcoin is still relevant because there's yet another to usurp it. In fact this may never happen, but chances are that it will...
@_date: 2019-08-03 13:51:57
OK you are definitely trolling at this point:
Edit: To the rest you edited in. Money printing devalues the savings of he people. It creates the very debt slavery you are talking about. Everything appreciates in value, but salaries do not do so in step. This is basic economic theory, you cannot print yourself out of a crisis, this is stupid, you create the very same conditions that lead to the need of a bailout. Easy money to loan makers means stupid loans, means you never get them repaid, it means more money printing is needed to bailout those institutions. It is a vicious cycle that we are very much in. 
Enjoy your 2mil pound homes in London and basically none of the new generation being able to have a stake on the new economy. Enjoy old farts owning everything. Congrats, you created the very conditions you are supposededly against...
@_date: 2018-06-24 15:11:41
Except now it is far worse than then. This time people remember. Too many burnt , too wide coverage of Bitcoin burning down like the Hidenburg.
If it was merely a crash I wouldn't mind. This is a momentous crash happening dead center in the public's eye. Everybody knows at least one who lost a lot in cryptos. Freaking CNBC was talking bitcoin non stop as it was burning to a crisp before the aghast eyes of millions.
This is not a mere crash, this was public waterboarding of Bitcoin. No way would the public return to that. And even if they do it will take years, maybe even a decade (if it doesn't die outright).
I honestly thought 6k will hold. Now all is lost. Even shorts are falling. The situation is so sh*t that both shorts and the price of bitcoin are falling in tandem...
@_date: 2018-06-25 17:49:17
"ever since it became as big."
Going from $30 to $2 is nothing on miniscule volumes. Going from $30 to $2 in today's volume or even 2014's it is far a bigger deal
For example I was selling T shirts when I was a wee kid. I sold the first for $20 (to my father) the next one I sold for $2 (to a neighbor)... Whoah! 90% reduction right there!
In short percentages alone say nothing important. You *always* have to take volume/participance in account. The 2018 crash was by far the worse even though percentage wise it was not. Far more people lost... far more, it's not even a comparison...
If it goes to full 90%, you may as well close shop and retry in 10-20 years or so...
@_date: 2018-06-24 12:50:12
What most people don't know about the 2014 crash is that thing only started getting better when most lost complete faith. I rarely spoke of bitcoin on reddit because it would downvoted, the small rallies of 2015 were not thought highly off.
As long as people still have faith this sucker still goes down. This place has to become deserted, talking of bitcoin should get you chastised everywhere, heck we probably need to almost die to even get a 2nd chance.
I am not being hyperbolic. People forget that Bitcoin was and still is an experiment. Its public perception is completely inaccurate, has close to nil real world application (as opposed to USD), some (still) think on "blockchain not bitcoin" terms (which is at best silly, at worse manipulative towards those that do not get the tech).
I mean why should we not go to 0 this time? Speculative manias tend to go to 0 eventually. There was a near miss in 2014. Maybe this time will finally kill bitcoin.
Only thing that saves it is real world adoption, and it is barely there. Even after 9 long year. If its mission statement was/is P2P mean of exchange ... well, it has failed thus far. Speculation machines die horrible deaths... and unfortunately cryptos in general are speculation machines by at large...
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:49:47
That's factually incorrect as far as real world applications go though...
1BTC=0.3BTC from 7 months ago...
I could buy a nice car back then. At this point I can barely buy a used card in semi decent condition.
With current volativility levels 1BTC is almost never 1BTC from a month ago, which is why volatility should be decreased. And interestingly enough that's a technical issue/question/answer too.
Give more functions to BTC and see its volatility go south...
@_date: 2018-06-21 01:40:22
Disagree, while less prescient... the "funds are safu" episode and the episode before this one have moments that are top, much higher quality than anything not created by a professional and in an almost farcical way deep (first few were probably funnier, but less involved)
@_date: 2018-06-29 04:40:46
Didn't decide. Just suggesting that maybe it is not the best to flaunt "crypto gainz". Somebody else lost that money. Like I said it is unfortunate, but it *is* (mostly) a zero sum game.
I would had much preferred if my post was read as a comment (and a warning) towards where cryptos (as of current) are going, instead of being a sanctimonious prick
@_date: 2018-06-24 16:31:58
There are not many left to enter the market if everyone you know and his cousin has lost money. It's all about sentiment.
Which is why many were screaming (in here and elsewhere) "adoption, adoption, adoption". It is the only thing to avoid you a death spiral, that and dumb luck. 
Like I said there are not many to enter the market. The market ceremoniously performed seppuku in front of the eyes of millions. Back in 2014 very few knew that the market even existed. There was a good chance to rebound. Now less so...
@_date: 2018-06-26 15:12:26
I'm not sure about that. The main money in the market. You know that *stays* in the market once the manipulators have pumped and dumped, you know, the ones that still hold on lows are mostly people.
It is those (and any possible new blood) that market manipulators target and try to seperate from their money.
It will only be a mature market if manipulation cannot have the effect as it currently does. And for that to happen is if enough people get in and *don't get out*. Either buy holding, or most importantly by using. It *has to* have a use case. I'm not convinced that "Interent gold (for example) is the best use case, it possibly needs additional ones too.
@_date: 2018-06-24 21:14:35
Variable block rewards.
Give incentives for people to not flock the popular pools.
A bit of how Satoshi was smart enough to understand that people would mine if he was to give them first a monetary incentive, he should also had thought that they have an incentive to flock the bigger pool to avoid the variance that smaller pools cause.
Rewards should be tied to the percentage of the network you occupy so that to offset "bad luck" that often is a problem with smaller pools. Suddenly smaller pools turn into a gold mine and people rush into them and if they start getting bigger , they rush to the next smaller one.
What we currently have is the opposite (people rush to big pools, killing decentralization).
The current reward (for example) should be 12.5 BTC **on average** (smaller pools would get more, bigger pools would get less but in the end of the day the two would balance out... someone has to work the math)
@_date: 2018-06-30 05:50:56
Losing 600 billion cap is unusual and a first by two orders of magnitude.
Don't look at percentages they say less than half the story. They can tell magnitude, but not the amount of people affected.
The la(te)st (and ongoing) crash was great both in magnitude and much much greater in people affected. The fact alone that most of us know at least one who was wrecked by cryptos is enough to show to us that something is changed in a major way.
It's silly to pretend that it is business as usual.
If a new born company lose half its value in a few months it's business as usual, if the same happens to Apple it would be of cataclysmic consequence.
The market of 2018 is not the same as the same of the 2014. In fact it's 70 markets from 2014 ... literally so. Even freaking Tron had higher cap at some point than what bitcoin had back then at its peak. Pretty much everything -back then- was the same as now , but in a baby form...
@_date: 2018-06-22 20:08:50
OK, "Bitcoin price" if you wish to be pedantic.
"Trust that it will be the "one true blockchain that will survive everything"" if you wish to be even more pedantic.
Not talking about the tech which is obviously trustless (but also irrelevant to the point that I was making).
@_date: 2018-06-30 17:12:15
I like that it includes the dollar value of the decline, as well, it indirectly says how many have lost instead of how much does each did.
It shows the problem for which I'm trying to talk about lately. Bitcoin will die in darkness and said darkness can only come not by extreme volatility, but rather long bear winters where a great multitude of people have lost.
The dollar value lost lately is unprecedented, it kind o gives you the idea of how many more have lost too (although cap is a more accurate metric of said catastrophe)
@_date: 2018-06-24 13:10:02
I am not saying that the tech does not work well (although it doesn't in high volumes).
What I'm saying is (I think) much more important: nobody cares. It is not used by the wider public, it has not become a social more and things that do not become a social more, eventually become a subculture and after a dragged out existence they fizzle out... Bitcoin had a chance to become something (i.e. digital gold for example) it has failed thus far. This failure may be its last one.
No prime mover survived, bitcoin seems to be following the trend. Being the first, also means that it has great chances to die first...
For the first time aince 2012 I am bearish... As long as the 6k was held I still had hope. Now that is broken, well it is being crossed in the opposite direction after being for so many months... this is not good news to say the least. It is like losing Stalingrad... Moscow is next.
@_date: 2018-06-25 04:02:39
When you have 2-3 main players in mining (at most), maybe it is a cause of worry.
Who knows how many double spends happened in those periods when a pool or another managed to the the 51% of the network. Up until lately it was not much of a problem but if Bitcoin is to scale into being a multi trillion market suddenly any small irregularity would matter.
If you have 50%+ of the network it is a child's play to manufacture concensus and get away with theft here and there, none would be the wiser as Bitcoin is a concensus based mechanism. That's good in most occasions, it is really bad when a singular entity forms said concensus (there is no ... "higher power" to check on it).
...and getting 50%+ seems increasingly easy, especially in bear markets where people can't gamble with bad luck and prefer the regularity and warm embrace of giant pools effectively making them larger. 
If there is an incentive for a system to centralize, it will. Not saying alts are better. They mostly mimicked Botcoin's faults and whenever they changed something it was to remove some of BTC's strong suits (for example allowing for turing complete contracts on Ethereum network pretty much lead to arcane contracts which are hard to properly execute).
Only Monero seems to be doing something new, but even they did it with a delay and it is a very partial solution (disallowing the take over of the network from single purpose machines that are easily controlled/manipulated).
The market is still waiting from Bitcoin which is why I agree with you that no alts would replace it. Whatever may do so is not born yet. It will start by solving the implied incentives that Bitcoin has towards centralization. Probably use a 2nd layer solution for speed (as lightning intends to do) but has it built in from the get go. 
Use general purpose computing for its hashrate so that to disallow the incessant rise in power consumption (it would be bounded by moore's law so no sudden jumps in hashrate which leads to landfills of useless single purpose computers and rush to get the new ones creating a vicious cycle...
@_date: 2019-08-31 19:46:13
Owning the vast majority of the hashrate makes you incapable from mining empty blocks in a row? I don't know what *you* are smoking.
The whole point of Bitcoin is decentralization, get it in your noggins. If you lose it it will die one way or another, maybe not tomorrow , not even in 10 years, but it will very much allow for similar dynamics to those existing in banks. Blacklisting TXs, "bank holidays" when needed, etc.
Decentralization is what makes Bitcoin stand out and if you turn its mining business into an industry you will lose it. That is all I'm telling based on pretty much all the industries on the past (few survive and they then proceed to fix prices ... and be bailed out when they fail, they're pretty much impossible to kill at that point). 
Bitcoin is young still, it can prevent such dynamics to ever seriously grow and erode it from the inside, seeing all those mining factories though I start thinking otherwise, maybe it is inevitable and Bitcoin will have all the diseases of a pioneer tech after all and whomever comes after actually takes them seriously and disallow them to ever take hold...
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:24:59
Because most of them (volume wise) did not invest in scams. Merely in less interesting ideas which acted as gateways to BTC.
I do not see wide-spread scammery. I don't know were do you, the odd story of someone buying a god knows what ICO? There are many who lost money last hype cycle, but most got in and are here still as evidence by us having 10x the valuation the peak of the last hype cycle..
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:20:56
Percentage does not matter when we try to gauge scale of an increase in valuation, especially as numbers get higher and higher. The absolute number that it is increased matters more and more.
A simple example. I bought a T-shirt for $1 and sold it for $5. I experience a 500% gain yet it was almost a non event to my fiances.
Another day I bought 10000 T-shirt for $3 and sold them for $5, netting me $20000. Now *that* was some kind of an event.
2017's event was way bigger than any previous ones. No wonder that crypto became way more acceptable to the mainstream in 2017 and the following year(s), than in any year before it.
Only exchanges like CME or similar can bring recognizability to an asset that fast and thus boost its valuation. No wonder selling *those* news started the bear market (immediately after)...
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:59:25
That is not how most people think, no. Those that do think like that already bought bitcoin. At this point you have to convince the masses.
The greatest scam of all is fiat. By buying alt coins they are at least starting thinking of money as something other than fiat. Yes, some people learn by example, not by reading or researching. You prefer to let them stay on fiat forever just because they are not the types that read things through, how moral is that?
@_date: 2019-08-08 15:20:15
Except that is not what I wrote, that is your interpretation of what I wrote. And of course anyone that is making such an argument is below conversation.
I wrote that property tax. I.e. being taxed merely for owning something instead of an action *is* a form of rent that the government is extracting from you for having the gall to own something it (clearly) understands as its own.
I am not being argumentative nor am I being pedantic. I characterise a textbook rent-seeking behavior as ... rent seeking. Do you want me to find the dictionary article for you?
Nor I have I implied that I am against taxation of every kind. Clearly the whole (or rather whoever represents the interests of "the whole") *has* to have some kind of revenue stream. But for god's sake it makes no sense to make that be " passive income" accrued as a penalty to owning stuff. 
I can see the point of consumption tax(es), import tax, etc. All those are actions aimed to make one's life better and they are one off payments each and every one of them.
Taxing property though, or really merely owning stuff is a lifelong expense not at all dissimilar to not.owning.the.thing wholly.
Surely you can't not be able to differentiate the "one off taxes" and perpetual ones and the moral chasm that differentiates them...
My understanding was that you could not debate that part and instead you lumped me in some ... generic category you made in your mind that you call "redittor" sidestepping a nuanced conversation altogether.
Yeah that pissed me off, that and the appeal to ... Twitter aesthetics which was the cherry on top...
@_date: 2018-06-30 01:51:44
Lol, I admit this is a hilarious reading of what I was trying to say.
On a more serious note, I do know people contemplating suicide (and had to receive help) because of having gambled familiar money in cryptos.
You may say all you want "it's all on them", but there are  real costs incurred by those games and "market manipulations" and the forming of bubbles (and subsequent popping of them), etc.
I mean it's a forum of ideas -here- and in the end we use it to pass our time. But out there there are real costs. It's mostly what I'm trying to tell to people -here- lately. It's not just memes and sunshine and everything will return as they were ... there is no guarantee... A bloodbath to the prices can lead to *actual* bloodbath somewhere in the world, sadly it is quite more serious than it seems.
@_date: 2019-08-18 08:34:35
CME speculation took Bitcoin from$3k to $20k. It was a classic buy the rumour, sell the news situation. What is interesting is that Bitcoin actually kept the CME bornt gains as it never touched $3k again (and probably never will).
Bitcoin crashed under the weight of its own success, or rather because it went up way too soon. CME helped in that so indirectly owes parts of of the crash, however without those futures I doubt we would see such a parabolic run that soon.
So dunno why you think that the futures were a bad thing. Bitcoin is 3x by mid 2017's high. It hardly did badly under the futurues' "regime". It merely had to correct some of the parabolic run..
@_date: 2018-06-26 02:06:47
They didn't forget. New people mostly came in. Back then the market was tiny, there was a revolving door of "investors".
Not so these days. No; whoever gets in and gets out , never gets in again and (basically) warns others from doing so.
Obviously , less volatility is the dream, but you won't get there without new money (and a lot of it). And new money would finally come if the damn thing finally finds strong uses in real life. Without it at best we can hope to a new FOMO, at worse we can expect a steady decline...
Anything that had no real world -widespread- usage eventually died or became so marginal that most of nobody talks about it anymore...
@_date: 2018-06-26 21:25:10
Those bans started the bear market we are currently in. In a few days the market lost almost half its cap.
If the climate reverses *now* it would be more than transparent that those "do no evil" companies are actually profiteering in the backs of those that had the misfortune to get in the crypto space. 
Then again it probably won't reverse in an instant... but if people start seeing those ads bitcoin google trends would reverse its course (and let us not kid ourselves, bitcoin trends went to the moon partly because people would see it day in, day out in their facebook feed)  and generally, when that happens, price follows.
@_date: 2019-08-23 08:24:02
I hate the word skeptic as used by the anglosphere. Its root means (to) "think" (on something in this case). So a "skeptic" is someone who diverges from mainstay understanding on a topic because he thought it hard and wide (and possibly researched it) so that to have a more nuanced position on it.
In the anglosphere the word flipped and it basically means following an even more thoughtless train of thought than the mainstream's as well as holding a starkly contrasting view on that topic. 
The word is nuance-in-a-word and has turned into (representing) the least nuanced contrarian position in the topic at hand. It basically means "contrarian of the uncouth type", while in fact a skeptic was very much not one such, he/she was one that was in fact concurring to a point to the main stream and only changing details under much thought.
So a bitcoin skeptic would be someone that understands its point but was/would be unsure of its capacity to scale (say). The kind of guy who talks about silk-road silliness or holds absolute views on the untenability of Bitcoin is no skeptic. He is a contrarian, someone who opposes an idea...
@_date: 2019-08-17 07:27:45
Popular tech sites are some of the most regressive places on the whole web. They would be happy to report development from big labs/companies and forget altogether that those labs/companies were at their most inventive/productive back when nobody knew them ensuring they will ALWAYS miss the next big thing. In the case of Bitcoin even warred against it.
During the mid '00s I came in terms that those websites will never be at the cutting edge of things , report only things that are already successful or failed ideas and turned to specific communities so that to be up to date. I feel bad for those who are still being informed by them, it is like trying to follow contemporary music by only listening to whatever the radio/clubs would play... (Hint, you won't)
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:01:00
You are not always building a tool because you imagined a (good) use for it, you rather make it, release it out there and hope the market finds a use. Again, that is not the same as a deliberate scam. The tool *is* there. It may be useless in its present form , but it *is* there.
As for me I used solidity to create a way for someone to rent compute from me while paying me by the minute instantaneously . The reason that I wanted that part of the code to not be censored by anyone was so that to not have to renegotiate rates in a form of "what you see is what you get".
Sure what I did was in a tiny scale, but it worked! And certainly it may not scale, as many of the dapps don't. But the idea itself doesn't have to be dumb, merely unfeasible unless and until someone solves deeper issues with the way that particular blockchain (or another ) works.
Most tech starts its life like that though. Unlike Bitcoin everything else is a half made product that may never see the light of day, however many of those are honest attempts. Monero for example honestly seems to try to solve the issue of fungibility on-chain. Their solution may be dumb and unworkable, however experimenting like that is not dumb because simply nobody has ready made solutions and unless we try things we may never reach to something that is useful.
In the meantime you can experiment with those projects but eventually you always scale back to BTC. So.it.is.not.a.loss to bitcoin, which is why I find the dominance index stupid. Every time it goes low it is actually good news for BTC long term as More people are entering the market and eventually (most of them) will park in BTC which may allow us to reach said critical mass...
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:51:03
No mania was as extreme as 2017's volume wise. Not even close in fact , it was at least 10 times bigger than 2013's. Much harder to move a $5k price to $20k than a $200 price to $1000 in a way more established market.
The last hype cycle was by far the largest which is why percentage wise was not as extreme as the previous two...
@_date: 2019-08-12 20:05:50
"Let us predict a long-term 15% increase in the price on the most volatile asset that ever existed. The kind that does 15% in a day routinely, that would show them"
Goldman analyst ... probably.
@_date: 2018-06-24 20:26:24
Point is, you cannot get a bull like the last one *unless* real world adoption starts. Speculation could only bring us thus far and without adoption we would be trading towards zero sooner than later. Possibly we are already in a death spiral, it really seems like it at this point.
 It is almost a decade, at some point a tech has to start being used (in a more widespread manner) or call it quits. Bitcoin has remained in limbo for way too long..,
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:47:59
Did answer them


I.e. unless we see actual adoption you cannot actually test those ideas and their validity for the long term. There will be a time that both will cp-exist, only then can you have real answers. But first you have to reach a state of true liquidity (I.e. non-cryptoexchange bornt)
As for the scaling issue. Again, you won't see serious solutions unless and until serious adoption is imminent or here already. The 2017's "fees crisis" did give birth to solutions perhaps more prematurely than otherwise would be. Lightning wallets, greater need of batching transactions and greater adoption of segwit. 
Sure all of that would had come anyway, but you needed the crisis for them to come sooner. I see no issue with that, I.e. need leading solutions, instead of solutions leading the needs. In fact, if you look at it carefully, *that* is how the history of programming and software engineering manifested itself in the world (I.e. the needs made the finding of the solutions much more pressing and why we eventually had them then, instead of having a few hobbyists working in their basement and having "it" "ready when it is ready")...
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:25:11
Stop mentioning percentages. Going from 1000 to 100 in a one trillion market is waaaay different than doing the same in a 10 billion market.
You have to understand that this kind of volatility in those volumes is not normal at all. Bitcoin and co used to be volatile because it was a speculative asset class traded in low volumes. Now we are 30-100 times those and it is still almost as volatile.
It really is sh , it has to start correcting its behavior else it will never become a store of value of any kind it will fall in permanent infamy.
You may say that the Bitcoin network is secure and unassailable. Maybe it is, but if you attack bitcoin (the asset) it will become irrelevant sooner than later. Maybe that is how bankers win. Not by providing a better tech, not through a campaign of FUD , not even by harshly regulating it. No... they just create the conditions for it to be extremely volatile (say close down the accounts of those who wish to buy bitcoin and typically hold) so that more and more people will be burnt eventuating to an inner collapse of the system.
Maybe instead of supporting bitcoin's volatility should start seeing it as the enemy that it really is. You cannot break families and get away with it.
 Bitcoin went 70% below, created 2 suckers' rally in between claiming even more victims and is now set to go lower. This wreckage happening to thousands if not millions of families can certainly put a stop to bitcoin as a tradeable asset. Heck its toxic to most people already...
@_date: 2019-10-01 22:19:55
Lol, have you even read the main thesis of Bitcoin?
 It's decentralized consensus, this is the MOST central issue for Bitcoin to work. Without it you get ...  singular fires affecting hashrate majorly (and eventually if you centralize enough, you get way worse things like censorship).
Honestly, what else is more important for you other than decentralized consensus? Your position seems contrived.
@_date: 2019-08-14 11:03:23
Who cares. Wherever we may go it is your choice at this point: Attempt to converse like a human would , or don't and I treat you depending on the kind of creature you "turn" yourself into...
@_date: 2019-08-09 20:51:22
Again your interpretation, probably betraying your own state of mind. I am being a bit excessive for the fun of it. As I said trolling trolls is one of my favourite past times since the early days of the Internet..
@_date: 2018-06-22 18:03:01
It was mostly organic growth and a result of its near death experience ('14-'15) ... the market was depressed had had room to grow.
I honestly do think that up to 7k was regular growth. From 7k to 20k in a month was insane which is why we are back....
@_date: 2018-06-28 22:10:50
Honestly, don't buy in a bear market. It is not a dip if the thing keeps dipping for months.
Problem with bears is that you never know when they will stop. I mean it may take decades for a true reversal, there is no telling.
You should buy sentiment, not price. The sentiment is bad right now, so honestly, either sell (and buy lower) or hold. No sense in buying unless you think we are hitting reversal soon.
All news are dismal though. I mean when you get good news and the market dips, it is really really bad for our asset. People lost faith in it...
@_date: 2018-06-24 21:05:47
It is not the bubble burst that will cause the death spiral. It's (the) lack of real world / widespread usage. Anything that has no real world usage eventually dies, the pop of such a giant bubble (and indeed it was by far the biggest yet in absolute numbers as far as crypto goes) is a perfect cause for the perfect storm to develop.
IMO the latest run up should have had happened *after* crypto had some traction in the real economy. A bit of how the dot com boom and bust happened *after* the Internet was able to become entrenched in people's everyday lives ensuring its furthering survival.
Bitcoin and cryptos in general had no such luck which puts them *now* in a uniquely precarious occation. I'm not sure as you are that this won't be proven a failed start.
Not saying that cryptos and the blockchain tech would die as a whole. Merely the current attempts of it. Maybe it restarts in 10-20 years, who knows and that time things are done correctly...
Of course it may survive yet again and *finally* become something other than a speculation machine. If that happens obviously we'd moon again and that time for real. But that is far from a certainty, if anything it's more probable that we're in a death spiral currently...
@_date: 2019-08-18 08:52:20
Except that is not all what I said and on top of that why should you care where big money wastes their money? They literally find it on trees, all we should care about is putting more money it the space. Eventually it will get back to BTC (most of it anyway). 
But at first? Yeah, put it wherever, why do your even care? This is a silly thing to care about...
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:32:28


Yes! Which is why I need the most ople possible to enter this space. Imagine being paid in BTC, imagine buying things in BTC. The mere liquidity bornt by the uses of the everyman actually make BTC a usable alternative to fiat and only then would we be in a position to discuss the merits of an inflationary form of money controlled bY unelected bureaucrats vs a logarithmic deflationary form of money. That is *exactly* what I am after when not caring about the BTC dominance index or any such BS index. All I care about is how many people own it, use it, are being paid in it, etc.
And we won't get there unless and until more and more people scale in. Using your way we may be able to convince enough people in 200 years all the while they see greater and greater part sof their savings being cut because of our unwillingness to go outside the traditional road of "convincing people".
While I don't care about scams and I do think that they should be persecuted, I don't mind other forms of alts that are.simply lesser ideas. I don't mind them at all I of they serve as a gateway of people to BTC which in turn may give us the critical mass of people to suddenly start seeing BTC *everywhere*. 
All it is needed is reaching that critical mass to get there , until then we will remain marginal elements.
@_date: 2019-08-08 13:28:07
No, that's not what you said. You said "talk to the hand" once you had no further retort. Basically middle-school behavior. I always press further when I see someone wanting to stop a Convo prematurely, they are possibly hiding something or have nefarious reasons to do so. 
In fact I would had let it go had you not referred to Twitter. Once Twitter is presented as some kind of (non-decadent) standard, gloves are off...
I'd always try to respond as timely as possible to you.
@_date: 2019-08-31 14:39:41
Nope, it's miners and will forever be.
Again, you have to study the code. Miners can choose to mine empty blocks and none would be the wiser. 
Even if all bitcoins were to be mined, a cartel of miners could *easily* skyrocket fees if they needed to, holding bitcoin hostage.
Without decentralized mining you literally have nothing.
In the early days the community mined and things were OK , now that special interests get in, less and less does the community matter. It *should* bother you.
Bitcoin should be mined by whatever the community happens to own, not by special interests...
Again, I find extremely strange the silence all the while bitcoin's basic functions turn into industries outside the people's control. You'd see people debating with passion about secondary things like on or off chain scaling and the very fundamentals are not even being discussed... It betrays lack of knowledge from the community's part, it is bothersome.
@_date: 2019-08-18 11:57:28
You are making too much sense. Obviously you are going to be down voted. Not catchy enough.
Next time try to wear peacock feathers on your head and send a selfie, people may upvote you. Do not throw things around like "null hypothesis", you confuse people. Tell the story of Pinocchio or better yet Adam and Eve. Those are the stories that people understand...
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:50:30
It's not that I had an issue. It's more along the lines that Wanted to try something in a distributed manner instead of running it locally. Why you ask? So that to whoever runs my contract cannot accuse me of changing it. It's all there for him to see, there are specific ways for him/her to run it, see it working.
Also I wanted the payment to happen directly and on-site, instead of after or before the fact. Bank accounts cannot do that for me so I needed a native asset. Sure I could use BTC, but building a native token for the code was so much more elegant and easier to work with.
Everything I did , I could do traditionally ( + BTC), their solution was merely more elegant because it gave me the tools to do it natively. Was it useful for me? No, I do not rent compute. Would it be useful for someone doing it en masse? Possibly not as it would be a nightmare to the ETH blockchain.
However I already gave you two reasons where using a native solution felt better (the customer knows what runs on the background once using the compute, the payment happens by the minute using the same piece of code, no 3rd parties , no nothing)
@_date: 2018-06-29 08:35:55
W stable coins being a much bigger part of the pie and ether having had a break out year, reaching 65% for BTC in a bear market would be total decimation of most alts , they would have to return to zero or close. Not just Tron, but also IOTA, Nano. It would pretty much spell the end of the crypto world.
 Such a violent contraction won't be survived, I don't think so. I mean ever since BTC fell from 90% dominance it could only achieve more because it was pumped (in anticipation of forks), never because alts were dumped. To reach 65% under the current climate you'd need  a dumping of monumental scale. So many more people would be burnt, that this place would become burnt earth and nobody would touch cryptos for years, possibly never again.
Again, you always have to keep in mind the volumes. The volumes of certain alts today compete with bitcoin's in 2014. Imagine a 2014 kind of catastrophe only happening multiple times at twice the intensity. That is pretty much what you call the bottom. If that happens it would be the eternal bottom. I cannot see how can a market recover when the vast majority has lost almost everything...
@_date: 2018-10-25 02:28:43
If this a crash people will start liquidating their positions so that pay their bills. Bitcoin included. It happened to gold too last crash, only 2 years after the fact did gold experienced a resurgence.
If the market crashes so would bitcoin. Everything is connected. Same people.
@_date: 2019-08-31 11:31:42
What are *you* talking about?
Have you travelled around the world?
Most people cannot spare $300-$2000 for a miner , most people do not own a throwaway room where they can put a miner which will mine day and night, most people cannot pay the extra electricity that a miner (that works day and night) will consume.
Most people do own mobile phones though, most people do upgrade them every now and then, most people do let them be idle for most of the time. A random algorithm which aims phones *can* be researched and possibly built. Why should alts research such a vital thing and not Bitcoin which is supposededly *the* decentralized currency?
If you tell to people that "everybody can be champion as long as they train enough" they will laugh at you, as laughable as it is to suppose that most of everybody can mine. Having to use a specified mine is an arbitrary wall that was raised to keep insiders in and outsiders out. There is literally 0 reasons why bitcoin should be mined by a kind of device that only the 1% can own (globally speaking)...
@_date: 2019-08-31 08:41:25
Yeah and be 1/300 millionth of the network.
I'm talking the people being big part of the network. That is impossible when you need to *buy* anything so that to do it.
People already own 5 billion personal devices that they continuously replace. It makes absolutely no sense that "the people's money" can't and won't optimize its mining algorithm to what the people own.
If the creation of blocks happens to massive factories far away from me , how is that different than what we already have. You replaced bankers with another set of billionaires,  that is my issue...
@_date: 2019-08-27 20:45:51
If such a vast crisis happens now Bitcoin dies first, it's still in its cradle for god's sake, a product of easy money and quantitive easying (and those with said money putting it in arts, houses and whatnot ... Oh and bitcoin).
You think "the community" brought market cap to $200 billlion? Get real, most of the community have day jobs. If you have a day job you are already disqualified from moving whole markets (frankly you are disqualified from most of what life is about, but anyway).
Point is, big money will lose money come recession, and if it is as big they pull their money from anything they understand as speculative and Bitcoin (among others) returns to the price "the community" managed to let it reach. $100 or somewhere around there. So according to some we are reaching a point where Bitcoin loses 99% of its value and we somehow should cheer about it?
If you truly believe all those, why are you here even? You are describing the creation of a post-apocalyptic world, nothing from this world can survive it..  Maybe you are in the wrong sub?
**Edit:** BTW recessions never happen when the fucking "Atlantic" writes about it. That is the thing about recessions, they hit when people least expect them. If you have Forbes, NYT and the Atlantic talking about it ... it ain't coming. At least not yet.
@_date: 2018-06-30 09:57:30
For a new*ish* enterprise, yes that is correct.
If enough people get burnt, and by enough I mean a non marginal part of the population, then said investment would take a backseat in people's thoughts. And if something is in the backseat for long enough, then it finds its way to the trunk, and eventually down to the asphalt, forgotten...
Is Bitcoin the new Segway or the new Internet (as far as adoption progression goes). Really, we're in the tail end of those first important years. There is a good chance that if said threshold of users / people not "hating it" is not reached for long enough, that it would be simply forgotten long term, or be treated like a curiosity....
@_date: 2019-08-18 14:35:03
I don't recall saying such a thing. I do not need to subscribe one way over the other. The market and uses will tell us what will eventually work and what will not. However we have to first reach said "critical mass" of adoption before running the actual test/experiment. That is what I am trying to tell you the whole time and you seem to not want to understand it...
Also I am going to respond to your other post in here too so that to not have to answer in two places at once:
You said "those tools don't work in a way that I find useful" and I responded "they do work (I tested them). Now whether the market will find them useful or not is not necessarily up to us to respond to"
I think you are being a bit premature in answering your questions. We're in new territory with the only almost complete product being Bitcoin. Do not make the mistake to presume, history has all kinds of ways to prove you wrong. Unless and until I have a way to know that they predate on their users I do not have a reason to tag those projects as scam(s), merely way more incomplete than Bitcoin (which is also incomplete BTW since it lacks a clear scaling trajectory, but is at least secure in its use cases).
Now if you find issue when people find their way to BTC by trying those other projects first ... be my guest. I find no reasonable issue to be upset about such things, which is why I find wholly unproductive to pay any attention to the dominance index. An index that tells you nothing about nothing ...
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:42:08
Oh it can explode, like VR can explode like smartphones did explode, just not "this time". It maybe explodes after 10-20 years but by then all of current cryptos (including bitcoin) may well go to zero and/or near irrelevancy.
Just because Bitcoin was the first doesn't mean it would be the last blockchain. Heck none of the current blockchains may make this decade.
As investors, interested parties or what have you we have to remain vigilant to the fact that the last 8 years were a false start. It has happened to many new things.
Those thinking that that breaking below the 6k levels is something that we can deal with ... think again. I'll start to be truly thinking (for the first time since 2014) that this experiment will fizzle out if we do break below 6k in a reliable manner. I think it is only then that fear should set in, until then we were (and still are) on auto pilot and a full recovery in a semi small time is possible. 
We breach the only real support and all kinds of hell can visit us...
@_date: 2019-08-19 12:56:37
Trying to make conversation is a time well spent. Trying to avoid it is time that you will never get back . By your admission you waste 1-2 minutes to divert the conversation into something nonproductive. I could write 30 minutes to each of my responses (to you) and it would be a time well spent due to the self-consistent nature of what I am doing. 
Your disjointed attempts to avoid conversation is really a waste and vapid in their nature. I enjoy that, causing you to shout to the wind.
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:05:40
Obviously you are going to warn them of blatant scams. Others are not that though, and many people simply use *them* as their gateway to BTC. Why/how is that hard to understand?
A lot of the alts are not traditional ponzis or scams and they are very fit to act as a gateway to people. The majority that entered the space lately were not scammed, they merely invested in something else at first, something that bled compared to BTC and eventually did convert to BTC.
Fiat is way more of a scam that then vast majority of alts because it happens in an unprecedented scale. The basic devaluation of people's saving so that politicians can have lavish castles and economists have their way with their theories is scandalous at best. Alts would never devalue your life's work (your savings) like that simply because you can't buy them en masse (and most didn't)...
@_date: 2018-06-26 02:02:32
They always were. The market is *still* 10 times bigger than 2014, 100 times bigger than 2011
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:38:29
I am, but I evaluate scammery differently. I.e. a scheme whose sole purpose is to differentiate a user from his/her funds. Making overblown statements that are technically feasible, but practically will never see the light of day is not the same as scamming people. It is giving them a chance to enter the space and upon seeing said asset bleeding over to BTC, they will switch too.
Where you see scams, I see gateways. Then there are also the blatant scams, the bitconnects and plain predatory coins of this world that should obviously be persecuted...
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:56:55
We are withing 2018. If we are moving faster than 2014, it means that the bear can well intensify in 2019...
I was comparing like with like...
@_date: 2018-06-30 02:01:14
Ultimately bitcoin would die in darkness. That is if it will never find any real world use.
The market losing 600 billion cap / 75% in 6 months would certainly keep people away, so you'd lose them for some time. Bitcoin is not the best thing as far as institutions are concerned ... so yeah, I'd prefer if we were in a situation that not as many families were wrecked.
Remember the early Internet was created for academic purposes, but it was mostly the lay public that gave it a character and only thereafter would big players / institutions get into it. 
I think an equivalent progression can exist for bitcoin, it was created by a close knit group of cryptographers, lay people adopted it one way or another (not merely for gambling, but also as a store of value or even buying stuff) and *eventually* institutions would actually come in.
So yeah, chasing away the lay people by some major way can well lead to events that will kill Bitcoin. I'm serious in this. We're still -very much- in its fragile period...
@_date: 2019-08-01 20:35:39
I have endless amounts of energy to troll trolls. Where have I written that I do not enjoy this? I think you project how butthurt you are. Like I said, I'd be glad for us to talk if you want to take back the wrong foot on which you started our convo a few weeks ago, actually make some point this time around, but I'm game if you don't too.
BTW I do have a family, the experience is ... overrated.
@_date: 2018-06-25 22:42:39
It's better than most  altcoins currently.
It has some really ... lethal (to its furthering survival) characteristics though. And unfortunately some of them are core to its nature
* It implicitly favors centralization by not shielding small pools from "bad luck" (i.e. a known phenomenon which exists in statistics: the smaller your part in a lottery the more irregular your results) . Sooner than later you'd get 50%+ pools as long as there is an economic incentive towards that
* PoW algorithm that is simple enough to be solved by single purpose computers. Meaning that any hardware optimization, no matter how small can possibly end to significant decreases in the amount of time that a puzzle can be solved. Giving incentives to hardware manufacturers to search for those exact optimizations, keep them secret and build hardware to mine covertly . Further increasing the potential (and eventual given enough chances) centralization of the network
* Slow chain, forcing most of everything to happen off-chain, eventually, in practice nullifying a great part of what make blockchains attractive and open. The ability for everyone and anyone to check the ledger at any time.
* Possibly its strictly deflationary nature which would stop it from being of universal use (anything deflationary is hard to gamble in things like financing an extremely risky venture)
* Power consumption may not be scalable to mass use. It may lead to excesses not even seen by the current banking system. I understand that that's a big if , since the current banking system already uses way too much energy and mining operations would certainly plateau at some point. But it is certainly a possibility still.
Whatever solves the above *and* gains traction would become preferable to Bitcoin. A bit of how Google search was/is preferable to Altavista Search...
Just because it worked thus far in a low volume environment, doesn't mean it is ready to work in 10 or 100 times the volume and transaction sizes. Also the bigger the network, the more incentives are given to a 3rd party (say a large pool operator and/or an ASIC manufacturer) to double spend and none be the wiser... 
Its security whilst far greater than anything centralized is still subpar compared to system of variable rewards and general purpose PoW algorithms...
@_date: 2019-08-18 12:48:46
No, premined shitcoins do not undermine Bitcoin's value. They boost it. People now have a larger target to jump in (whatever their "trusted" circle tells them to invest in), find out that all it does is losing value compared to Bitcoin, revert to Bitcoin. Boom, a great capitalization gained via an indirect route.
 IMO how most of the latest BTC gains were made, people who went all in in alt scams are now going back to BTC, hence why they keep $10k levels there all the while alts bleed like crazy. *But* you needed alts to let many of that folk to enter the market.
Which is why I call high BTC dominance periods, consolidation periods, and low BTC dominance periods, "hype periods" .
Consolidation periods are fine when they alternate from hype periods. However staying "here" (like many of the posts here seem to want to) would be the death of Bitcoin. You need a lot more people to enter the markets and alts are simply sexier for ignoramuses, once they enter the market though they can always flip to bitcoin as if it is nothing (due to the mere reason that almost every crypto is denominated in BTC, therefore has an exchange rate to it to begin with)...
@_date: 2018-06-03 01:13:48
Depends on how big bitcoin eventually becomes.
Currency politics *is* one of the main branch of world politics. In fact there are few more far reaching matters. Then again bitcoin is not even a proper currency yet (as far as adoption goes), and it may never become that.
But it is not far fetched to think of a world where currency mining (and how it should be done efficiently + effectively) *would* be one of the big world issues,
@_date: 2018-06-26 04:11:39
There are good game theoretic reasons to think that PoS is less secure than PoW (less incentives to secure the network, in short, if one cannot make a fortune by securing the network he/she won't in the long run). I am  not convinced that PoS is not a step back. Of course it remains to be seen. Till now it has only worked well in a centralised setting, non centralized (dPOS) implementations are either completely theoretical or very small...
Like I said, we have yet to have something clearly better than Bitcoin which is mostly why the prime mover still rules supreme in this market. Once we have it, Bitcoin would play 2nd fiddle, maybe even completely die. Not saying that day would come, merely that it typically does. Prime movers fall into irrelevancy...
For example Bitcoin still has some good ideas in which it is unsurpassed. Long block times, decreasing orphaned blocks, increasing miners' profitability. In fact allowing miners to actually become rich through mining, if anything it expects them to, so that to continue having a strong incentive to secure the network and not attack it.
Non turing complete smart contracts which allow for contracts that can actually function in the world and not be immensely complex in a manner that no human or machine can scrutinise.
Reliance to off chain transactions for speed (IMO it is a over reliance so it is a problem too, but off chain transactions would be key moving on).
Like I said, bitcoin is not reaaaly surpassed by extant implementations. Doesn't mean that its faults aren't glaring though (they merely happen to become worse or straight ignored in the hands of its competitors).
@_date: 2019-10-07 19:35:21
Fractionally reserving the assets has been done for centuries, probably millennia. It works, it allows for greater liquidity, only crypto enthusiasts would think it's criminal.
'Finex can always claim that they have their tether backed in all sorts of things, how can you even proven that they are not (given that they actually have any traffic at all, which BTW they do).
Those lawsuits are going nowhere , if anything they seem kinda vindictive due to the fact that the exchange is competing with local exchanges.
Not saying that Tether is not a scam, merely that it is the type of scam that the printing of "stablecoins" allowed anyway. Basically why stable coins are not the future, they have all the ailments of the old world without offering something distinctively new (but that is a discussion for another thread).
@_date: 2019-08-31 16:50:11


Basically gives an incentive for the creation of cartels. That + the fact that specialized machinery is needed for the mining of bitcoin.
Basically once bitcoin rewards are too low, the big pools will hold bitcoin ransom by only mining transactions of certain amount of fees and above. That is easy to happen because the pools are too few and thus easy to collaborate, the big hardware owners also few, so they can have their cut and basically none to stop them.
Right now the bitcoin rewards are too hgh for fees to matter, eventually would be all there is and those **industries** will try to maximize their profits. Exactly what happens to phones for example. The 4-5 big OEMs basically agree that a flagship should now cost $1000 and above instead of $600. Imagine the same type of behavior of price setting only this time agreed upon by the big pools and hardware operators.
*You cannot have that if a big block of the miners were the people*...
@_date: 2018-06-24 21:36:59
...and in general people here seem to be unaware what bitpay offers and why merchants prefer it even if they are aware that it has limitations.
It offers them direct conversion to fiat. You cannot win merchants over if you tell them "convert to crypto wholesale or else". There must be a transition period. Copay/bitpay fills that niche/need.
If they had more competitors in that space maybe they would had played nicer. Strange how bitcoin maximalism often hurts bitcoin adoption (the very thing it espouses that it wants)...
@_date: 2019-08-07 06:49:50
OK, late 40s. Happy?
No, you were not very probable to reach 60. Many more would die between 3 and 60. Be it famine, illness, accidents. Life was extremely cheap back them. The amount of human ... remains that we get that are young or middle-aged are considerably more than anything we get from the 20th century on...
@_date: 2019-08-07 16:22:10
Not necessarily. Gold and silver had some thousand of years of history bitcoin is only 10 years old. Nobody can possibly know how it would react. It is certainly stupid to want a financial crisis to hit us whole Bitcoin is still as immature
@_date: 2019-08-21 21:50:01
All the years between 2012 and 2019 basically. For as long as alts are around. We literally have nothing else to point us elsewhere. BTC dominance only goes up when interest is withering in the space. Search in your heads why would you want such a thing. Better be the king of ash instead of a mayor of a rich city?
@_date: 2019-08-09 15:17:40
Why would you think that I am upset? That puzzles me. You utter random phrases at this point. Are we at the bot phase already?
@_date: 2019-10-01 22:16:03
What are you talking about? It is not adoption (at all) that has driven Bitcoin's price, it's speculation. Quite clearly too.
I'm not big in TA neither, I merely observe where bots tend to put their orders. And since this market is all about speculation having an insight on how the trading bots behave can actually give you and insight about the price.
Long term, sure, without adoption , speculation will die too. However we are nowhere near (close) to talk about adoption...
@_date: 2019-08-31 07:06:23
Imagine that mining was not the kind of thing that can only be centralized in the hands of millionaires.
Imagine if there was random(ly generated) algorithms that only use the ARM-SOCs' characteristics the best. You know the kind of chips that 5 billion people own, instead of the kind of chips that 1000 people own.
That would be the dream ... oh wait it was and it got abandoned for some ... mysterious reason.
I wonder if PoW would truly be thought as secure if you only have 10 facilities doing all the mining (which may eventually truly be the state of being if we experience "hyperbitcoinisation" first)...
Doesn't it strike strange to you that the "coin of the people" is only mined (en masse) by billionaires?
@_date: 2019-08-01 18:38:40
Told me what? Also I'm wasting your time, imagine forcing you to write a bot, that would be a godsend. I mean you think tweets is some form of high culture, you deserve to be hustled...
@_date: 2019-10-01 04:58:46


Of course I don't neither do you, that's the point. This is not the type of problem we ever had (to intentionally make a problem harder than it has to be)


I'm proposing no particular algorithm. I'm proposing that the Bitcoin community should maybe care more about disallowing a centralized consensus.


History has proven nothing. You have a ridiculously small sample to even begin making assumptions like you seem to make. Not only that, said solutions were built on the spot using what was afterwards found out to be false hypotheses.
This is the Thomas Edison way to discovery: no theoretical pre-work, direct experimentation based on nothing other than hypotheses and hearsay. It works, it certainly does but it is an incredibly inefficient way to invent anything.
My question is why the Bitcoin community should not support an actual study which may disprove the theoretical existence of such an algorithm? It does sound like an interesting problem to solve, but above all it is crucial to the long term survival of Bitcoin. I just can't see why is it taken so lightly.
BTW it's quite well known that not all processes can be reduced to Application specific ICs' solving. We do know that because end-users tend to expect general purpose machinery in their computing devices. That's of course because what end users may need from their computers is not necessarily a specific set of events, set on a specific order. That's very hard to optimize on the hardware level. So there is at least *one* input (end users') that requires general purpose computers to solve. Maybe we find more given how crucial may that be to the survival of Bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-10-06 02:40:20
There are not many use cases for a $160 billion (marketcap) asset. There is a reason that most national currencies with worldwide effect are in the trillions of $ (total worth), at least two orders of magnitude above it, even currencies that are mostly for local (national) use is in the trillions.
Aye, bitcoin has to stabilize eventually. If it stabilizes an order of magnitude below than even small national currencies then there is not much that it will be capable of, much less being a world currency. 
IMO bitcoin should break the 10 trillion (total market cap) if it is start being useful internationally and among many use cases. Below that it is too insignificant as a currency, it's mostly a speculators' toy, and if it remains stable (at those low levels) it would be bad even for that (speculation).
IMO if bitcoin does not break the $10 trillion marketcap soonish (within the next decade) it dies and is eventually replaced by another crypto which would be capable of servicing way more people and would be more liquid...
@_date: 2018-06-25 13:50:32
There is not much sense in developing something that provides incentives to become discarded. Generally you should first fix the "leak".
When larger and larger institutions enter a game they tend to overpower it, form oligopolies at first and monopolies eventually. LN can't solve the centralization of the main chain, eventually everything is settled back there. 
If it is centralized nothing that rests on top can possibly work. The mining dynamics, as of current, give incentives to miners to enter the big pools. At some point the variance that small pools would offer ("bad luck") would offer so great of a loss that you'd routinely get pools breaking over 50% and no doubt widespread theft can happen in those occasions. 
I've heard that we've reached "peak centralization" plenty o' time. There is no evidence for that, 2014 style winter would increase the centralization and no doubt such winters would be aplenty if Bitcoin insists in being as volatile. Centralization can only increase from now on...
@_date: 2019-08-06 14:31:08
Least scary times of all time. People here don't know history. Most places of the world had conscription and wars every generation or so. If you did not die of off wars then famine would hit you or maybe the ... fucking flu.
Average lifespan of people were in the high 20s during roman times slightly gone up to mid 30s by the medieval.
We don't *know* scary. Scary is to not know whether you'd live or die each and every day of your life. Exactly what a hunter gatherer's life was. A long winter, or maybe that bear that looked you cross, what about the neighboring tribe that suddenly fancied your women.
We are the most privileged generation in the history of humankind and we think we know how it is to be scared?
Bunch of softies. Things are worrisome, as they always were, but not mortally so. There is one thing I worry above all else, aging. No cure for it , it hits all of us, it cripples us, it makes us a burden to ourselves and the rest of our lives and the gruesome death it will bring , or rather that one moment that may well be our eternal (given how time works in conscious creatures).
Those are the only one/two things to worry, everything else is secondary at this point in history. I mean I worry about them, lest they allows us to regress in medieval or roman conditions of life, but goddamn that one time bomb that riddles my body with ailments , that is the one to be scared of, the last to truly be scared off... Funny thing is, most don't even think about it, they think of parochial things as scary...
@_date: 2019-08-05 08:21:18
Inflated scamcoins is what people buy. Why should it not accept what the market chooses, are you one of those over-regulating "the agencies should protect the average citizen" morons?
CMC reports what it sees, as it should. If the world tells you that BTC is 1% market cap you should believe what the world say, not your internal beliefs. It's basically how science was born, internal beliefs are sh*t, never trust them. Trust what the world tells you (if you can know how to read it)...
@_date: 2018-06-24 03:10:56
Of course there are tops/bottoms. It forms the range of an asset's implied worth during a period of time. 
Obviously they are not set in stone, but when you see an asset bouncing off 6k every time it hits it , it pretty much means that the general sentiment is that this asset worths at least 6k, probably a bit more, but not much more (which is why it revisits the low).
Since those levels can (and do) change over time, of course they are only useful (as valid indicators) in retrospect, therefore are useless for trading purposes. But those levels certainly exist on a trading asset. You can see them all over the pace ever since there have been trading assets.
@_date: 2019-10-01 00:29:46
This is the risk of having central points of failure in general. It is so strange that the bitcoin community is so pro ASIC(s) and/or pro-pools. They are pretty much against everything Bitcoin stands for.
I've got to wonder if (ever) any of those alts actually find a way to keep asics at bay and is proven method both in practice (say several years go by without a hack or asics in sight) and technically (it's been found to be a technically sound. Cryptographic method) would the community "vote" for an algo change?
@_date: 2019-10-01 22:56:44
The cost of BTC production follows the price not the other way around though... It certainly did follow the price in the last two bull cycles ....
@_date: 2019-10-02 01:32:16


For the nth time, I'm proposing for no code change. I'm proposing for the community to get more educated on how consensus is formed and what long term challenges (to the way it is currently formed) may come up.
I cannot do their reading, the community should care about those issues, and I am the one proposing that the community should care about those issues. Code change may or may not come long after those steps take place...
@_date: 2018-06-24 20:46:24
The market didn't drop though , it crashed and at this poont it tries to drill through the earth.
Let us not pretend that is not unprecedented. The 2014 crash pales in comparison. Not percentage wise but certainly volume wise, meaning 10 times as many people got burnt this time.
Maybe it gets tiring to moan all the time, but this time, just this time the moans may be justified...
@_date: 2019-08-31 14:57:48
A cartel of miners do control fees by refusing to mine anything less. If say 6 factories on the whole world do 95% of the mining they can easily collude and set fee rate. The market would then follow, it is basically how cartels operate on all industries and if you allow bitcoin mining to become an industry it would also end up a cartel. I can't see how you are not alarmed by this, I.e. given how central miners are how out of control they also are.
You return mining to the people or allow it stay to those wqho are only for-profit and see them sticking a carrot of bitcoin and the whole community running behind it (basically what will happen once giants enter our space. Also what happened in ALL the industries)...
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:29:32
The market went from 580 bil cap to 280bil in 5 days!
There was never as a violent movement in both percentage and total volume.
Until then the market was unsure on whether it was correcting or entering a bear winter. That ban gave the answer.
Remeber, before that the market was in a corrective mode, not downright "dumpster fire" mode. After that Bitcoin found its 2018's bottom (at least for the time being) around 5800 USD, we touched it again lately, after almost 5 months.
So yeah FB ban was the catalyst and catalysts start bear markets. Without it we may had never entered it. In fact those 5 days of February basically started what may be a multi year bear... That's how significant it was. "People can't see crypto related stuff -&gt; crypto dies in darkness"
BTW back then I did agree with the spirit of the bans, but the manner in which they happened was clear manipulation...
@_date: 2018-06-29 07:08:22
The low was 4.5 billion at 5th of October of 2014. Which is 30%. We are currently below that.
Bitcoin dominance is not as an important metric, the market merely became more ... polyphonic. The metrics are similar or worse than 2014
We even had our very own Mt Gox incident. The banning of bitcoin in two major countries and from all ad places. It happened at around the same time too, late Jan, early Feb. You would think some like to manipulate the market.
The ban happened so that to "save people from their own selves, i.e. a manipulated market", ironically those very actions were the gran manipulation that brought the market here.
It reminds me playing grand theft auto (the earliest one). Trying to get people to hospital in time , meaning that I had to mow over a few people in the process... but, hey "life is above all", I mean the person in my ambulance was saved indeed. 
So those entities saved people from the market by actually turning it into the monster they warned against and killing everyone that was in it. Genius...
@_date: 2018-06-16 11:34:08
In every crash you see those. They never sustain themselves. It is just this week. Next week would be a diff story. Hope to be proved wrong, but as long as google trends say that we are in bear territory we are bear territory, it's almost 100% correlated with the phases of the market since 2014 at least.
Hopefully people would see it and stop pretending that we are ok (when we are not) and that we are not ok (when we are, like say after the july crash last year. Trends said we were ok, as it turns out we were, this year the opposite is true)
@_date: 2019-08-27 22:22:58
I'm not saying that you are wrong in principle. What am I wondering is "how is that good for Bitcoin?"
When the old dies it takes along with it anything that grew around it. I understand that you possibly suppose Bitcoin as part of the new, however it grew (and in fact benefitted) bupy that very environment of quantitive easying and negative interest rates.
Imagine that goes away. No easy money for the big money to spend in something as speculative on one hand, its presence as a deflationary currency becomes of less value as most currencies would become way more deflationary (than currently) once interest rates go back to normal or worse (for Bitcoin) actually explode...
@_date: 2019-08-31 17:40:42
Bitmain is nothing. The cartels, the real cartels are industry giants. Say someone like Samsung or similar get in and want to maximize profits. These kinds of giants *actually* play dirty. Bitmain is a company that happened to be lucky that was made by Bitcoin, that blew half its wealth to BCh, that has no presence outside of mining that it most possibly has outstanding debts at this point.
No, Bitmain is no giant and even if it was it has no incentive to play with fees for as long as Bitcoin block rewards are as high. The danger that I'm describing will come after the the halvening of 2024 or 2028, I.e. when the bitcoin rewards will start getting so low that fees would sustain those companies. And if indeed Bitcoin is a cool million by then those companies won't be as tiny or inept as Bitmain.
BTW if Bitcoin is the only game in town with second layers and whatnot they would only raise fees for as much as it can take. There is a reason whjy Samsung doesn't sell phones for $2k, but they have no issue to sell for $1k. If you're OK with that kind of behavior on Bitcoin ... OK. Point is the fee market would be completely dictated by a cartel, which indeed would mean that they won't try to sink it, but it would also mean that it won't be controlled by the people in certain crucial ways. Oh and they will have Bitcoin's kill switch in hand, if the need ever exists (mine empty block ad nauseum)/
@_date: 2019-08-27 22:34:57
Sure enough, but why Bitcoin? Why not gold which is older and tried and basically what appreciated in 1929 style crisis or wars?
I can understand that Bitcoin can in principle play that role, however it has to become more established, more usable and survive a few lower-level crises. If its first ... contact with the real world is "the crisis of the century", I can't see how it survives. Why should it, basically nothing survived the 1929 crisis, nothing apart from well established assets like gold and oil. Maybe we give time to Bitcoin before wishing for such a crisis that may well wipe that too?
@_date: 2019-08-21 18:40:13
It basically means money is getting out of the space. People convert to BTC before converting out.
In hype cycles Bitcoin dominance go down (haopoened both in 2013 and 2017) in bear markets and consolidation periods BTC dominance goes up as a good majority of people liquidate their crypto holding.
PS: The above comment implies that one can see beyond the adolescent joke this post tries to make. IMO it's poor taste to celebrate or joke about the bleeding this space is experiencing.. 
It is very sick that his sub cannot make basic connections and often cheers for our downfall...
@_date: 2019-08-18 13:10:52
I suggest that economies should scale little by little in currency(ies) that is/are unaccountable to unelected officials. I suggest that all money should become algorithmic in its basis sooner rather than later. 
I am not delusional to think that it can or should happen overnight, but I do think that it has to happen as soon as it is stably possible and that means allowing the possibility for people to first invest in alts merely to get a taste and in seeing their investment lose value compared to BTC long term flip over to BTC. I think it is a perfectly valid route that can and actually did work in the past...
@_date: 2019-08-07 07:39:09
Lol, a possible crisis would well kill Bitcoin. It's young, it never had the chance to grow and want it to happen a bit too early (I mean the crisis). Give it time to grow, or else suffer it going to unprecedented lows and possibly something else entirely being propped up from the ashes, something more easy to control. I mean you think the bankers would just give up and die?
FFS, hope the financial crisis would come late 2020s , I.e. a full 20 years after the bottom of the last recessionary cycle (2000-2009). It will give time for Bitcoin to actually become mature. I.e. a robust more decentralized network, a proper second layer for micopayments, its circulation's inflation rate to be way less than 1%
A financial crisis would do good to noone, be smart about it. Don't want what you can't understand... Big money would pull their money from what they understand as risky investments first, I.e. crypto. It would see its value plummet, last winter would seem like a walk in the park.
@_date: 2019-08-04 12:06:39
Trolling the trolls is actually talking to them as if they were humans and not simplistic mechanisms. It puts them in an inner strife (because once they were humans, used to have real conversations)...
@_date: 2019-08-13 05:54:58
No, it isn't. Time travel w physical bodies does not exist in this universe. Also up is not down, there is no negative gravity to speak off, etc.
Some things we just *know* after thousands of years of observations, others we are still founding out (about). 50 years of time-travelling drivel have fried some brain cells y'all. Forget it, it's Alice in the wonderland cuckoo land type of insanity to even think physical time travel possible. You can't get the universe to contract (basically what time travel is, moving into a smaller version of the universe), forget 'bout it, it is the universe's most characteristic feature (the fact it expands).
@_date: 2019-08-15 13:24:43
Your response to telling you that "taxes that are paid continuously , instead of being one-off, are no different than paying rent to someone that owns something that you use" was "good luck".
In other words you decided to troll and when I protested you called me petulant. I am still waiting for you to find a moral or legal ground for taxation that is not " one off". Instead you feel much more at home telling me how people in twitter  speak, or psychoanalyzing me from half a planet away. I mean get real.
I am not bullying you, I am just not accepting intellectual laziness and I am making it as abundantly clear as possible.
You want to end the conversation from your part? Fine, I am just not going to allow you think that that's OK from my part. Some things are too damn important to be left undiscussed...
@_date: 2018-06-29 06:26:40
The market already lost more (percentage wise) than in 2014. BTC seems relatively resistant, but it too lost way more than any other time (cap wise), meaning many many more losers.
At this point november/december money is gone and we are reaching the bone, i.e. the relatively few people who bought before the parabolic ran up. I mean it already had a decent run before Nov 2017, but the volumes were low (lower than today) and the increase in price much more reasonable by bitcoin's standards. Meaning that each and every sale from now on is ... bloody, somebody is losing money or gets out of the market probably for good.
Anything below current levels would leave a permanent mark. Ever since we broke the 6k (new money's) barrier fear set in. At this point we are in the underworld, either some decide to take the loss, or others decide to get whatever they won and go for good. They lost faith this thing will ever revert. 
2018 makes 2014 look like a run in the park. It is excruciating... and probably the death of bitcoin (IMO 2014/2015 was a narrow escape that is probably not repeatable)
@_date: 2018-06-24 12:06:34
2014 was catastrophic. A near miss. Second time is the charm though. If this market goes to 2014 lows (and sentiment) there is no good reason to think it will survive it. What makes it worse is that there is no good reason either, back then it was the theft of the vast majority of bitcoins, this time there is nothing like that, merely an incessant fall in the prices meaning people just lost faith in it and decided that they see no value in it. In a way it's far worse than 2014 *because* the news from the cryptoworld are good. People cannot have so little faith on something developing as rapidly unless the "zeitgeist" decided that it will not be part of the future of humanity.
In another post of mine I suggested that if we reliably break below 6k I will start being afraid. It has been tested since November at least a couple of times, within much worse periods, it always stood. 
This time it broken, public perception is shifted, there is no good reason to think this thing will stop. I'm finally out, first time since 2012, I'm completely out, this time it is far worse than 2014 *because* everybody think it will be well in the end... everything shows it won't, yet people still have faith, that's why I sold... If everybody saw the danger that I do I would had held, but there's still too much hope for my cup of tea. 2014 would seem like a child's play...
@_date: 2019-08-18 20:14:33
I do need (for the sake of experimentation) to be paid on the spot. PGP does not pay me on the spot. I very much need crypto for that, a programmable form of money. I don't see why is it such a hard concept for you to grasp.
@_date: 2018-06-03 01:37:26
Most of them are not scams ( &gt;50%) ... they will fail all the same anyway.
Is the exact same situation as with the early Internet. I was there, I remember. Everybody and his dog styled himself as "entrepreneurs" and thought that making a website will bring them riches. 
Alas it didn't and those that did bring riches it was because the people working on them threw *ungodly* amounts of work to it.
Most think that getting early in an industry bring you riches. *That* is where most ICOs/Altcoins stand, *not* in scam territory. They're just lazy people thinking they found an easier way to become rich.
They're wrong! New industries bring ungodly riches to those who work *ungodly* hard. It's a new industry, the tools are being made as we speak, those who will make the best tools, market/use them first will reach ungodly riches. There's nothing about luck, it's about hard and skilled work more than ever, *exactly* like the early Internet, those who survived were *not* the lazy ones or the get-rich-quick schemers...
So invest in an altcoin if you think it is of the former variety , instead of the later.
Your 99% is off, unless you mean *incredibly* successful projects. Then yes only 1% would be *incredibly* successful. But another 10-15% would be moderately successful and it may be enough to make bank.
If one thinks he/she can discern the 10-15% of projects that will survive this crapshoot, put your money to them, it's better than bitcoin really as there is more room for expansion. But do know that there is more than 80% to lose most or all...
Welcome to the wild wild west that is the birth of an industry!
@_date: 2018-06-03 01:10:56
Seriously though that is exactly the promise of bitcoin.
Not saying it will achieve it, probably not even closely. But the price of maintaining the value of fiat currencies is indeed too high (often threat of war or worse; see the petrodollar crisis of the 70s, probably even the invasion Iraq of 2003, none of which would be possible if we had a mathematical form of money back then).
@_date: 2019-08-09 10:45:58
When you wrote "you don't have a right to my time" you implied that I short of expect it from you, possibly in an aggressive manner. I mean why else would you tell me that I don't have a right to use your time? Obviously I don't , nor do I think that I do. I do have a right to tirelessly expect a conversation out of a misunderstanding , which is exactly what I do in practice.
I am not affronting you or in any way actually attacking you. I am using your character flaws to waste your time it is all...
@_date: 2018-06-25 10:57:40
Bitcoin never lost 90% of its highs ever since it became as big.
Heck it hasn't lost 300 bil cap either. Even the current 200 bil is insane, if it is to continue for another 70 bil it will probably be the death of bitcoin. Way too many would have lost money, the vast majority in fact in which case nobody would touch it again.
Great tech or not, its *insane* volatility would prove it toxic in the eyes of most. It is one thing to be volative when your cap barely touches 1 billion and another altogether if your cap is half a trillion...
So I really hope that history *in fact* repeats itself and don't lose more, it already lost way more than in any other fall. Losing a bit or even a little more may be the tipping point...
@_date: 2019-08-18 08:06:57
High Bitcoin dominance is connected to a suppressed market. I dunno why people here cheer for it. Not only that, it basically means nothing other than the fact that people don't put their money in crypto.
Last time BTC dominance fell off a cliff Bitcoin went from $1k to $20k. Imagine if something similar were to happen again, we would be looking for $200k and a 20x valuation of this asset class...
But nooo, we have to keep an irrelevant metric high, god forbid we may make 20x gains. Better to have this market suppressed if it also means a high Bitcoin dominance than have Bitcoin fall to 20% (in a metric that mean nothing for Bitcoin) and have it do 20x... That would be a real catastrophe... Aaargh
@_date: 2019-08-22 03:57:07
What you say is not empirically true. Bitcoin goes well when alts do too, Bitcoin withers when alts wither. Bitcoin has been found that it has weak or no relation to other markets' moves, *except* to alts. Bitcoin either follows or is followed in market moves when compared to alts.
BTW whether alts are scams or not is 100% irrelevant. I am talking to you of a a connection that exists in there, I.e. a definitive connection between alts' price action and Bitcoin and all you can muster is cream "scam"? 
Sure alts may be scam (all of them?), Bitcoin would *still* die if they die, at least that is what the market moves in the last 7 years tell us. If Bitcoin is a ... wife , alts is a crazy ex-girlfriend. People who are interested in their wife romantically , also check on their ex-gfs from time to time. People who lost all romantic interest (to anything really) they don't check on nobody and ofc they don't check on their wife either, their connection is nominal, and eventually even that stops being of importance.
So yeah, it makes sense to stop checking on ex-gfs, but in fact it most possibly signifies the loss of your current relationship too.
Bitcoin is not in danger from any alt. It is the original and the only truly independent form of money, due to Nakamoto (its founder and only person of true influence) being dead or functionally dead (seems completely uninterested in involving himself again). It *is* in danger from people losing taste for Cryptos. Even the best ideas' success is not written in the stars, many actually do die simply because people lost taste for it and is basically the only thing that people here should be afraid of, I.e. if Bitcoin becomes socially and functionally irrelevant. Alts are basically a net, which made Bitcoin's footprint that much bigger and by now way more people are interested. Many think that alts is what they are interested, most of them fail and they eventually return to BTC...
Dying alts means dying new found interest, dying new found interest means BTC's use is getting limited and socially irrelevant once again, it takes a step back...
@_date: 2019-10-06 08:06:00
Never say never.
It is possible that the idea is good and the implementation (the current ones anyway) ain't. Maybe there is (and always was) a need for non-gonvermental form of global money but the tech was not there. It is possible that the tech *still* is not here and Bitcoin's challenges are proven insurmountable.
Maybe after a decade more of developments some guy as smart as Satoshi makes something as brilliant but also more technically modern. So bitcoin dies, people forget it for a bit and someone else comes with an idea that works better.
I have model T in mind. Cars were almost dead by then and without it we may have never had the explosion in ownership that the early 20th century experienced. 
Sometimes a big amelioration is more important than the invention itself. We can never know from beforehand, history is always written after the fact.
@_date: 2018-06-22 18:04:38
Well it really was the last "true" support level to be tested before the December insanity, so it is the last reliable metric that the market gave us...
@_date: 2019-08-12 08:26:14
No, it is the admission that having a fun time, is a time well spent. Either of the two will happen: you remain a troll so I keep wasting your time or (2) you decide that you are capable of conversation and continue from where we left off. It's a win-win scenario to me. 
Oh there is a third scenario too , you turn into a bot , so I practice my bot-writing skills and we turn this into a bot war...
@_date: 2019-08-15 13:28:10
Finally you start seeing my actual point. Make you converse and in failing that,  wasting your time (as long as you want it wasted by keeping responding that is).
@_date: 2019-08-14 08:27:33
"Plummets" 
Actually: Bitcoin had one of the most lukewarm corrections in its history.
Who is writing those headlines, they are reporting incorrect sentiment . Can you do that without repercussions? I.e. transmit a false signal?
@_date: 2019-08-08 18:19:58
Hence why you are the bully and not me. You refuse any form of nuanced discussion. Being a part of the twitter generation does that to people...
@_date: 2018-06-24 15:49:28
How do you know that they don't remeber. For all I know those who bought in after the 2011 crash were completely diff people.
By now you have none of them (or rather far fewer). A young market can crash and rise as if it is nothing.
With a cap at more than a 100 bill and almost a decade pf existence the bitcoin market is not young, not anymore. We have no good reason for a fast recovery after such a decimating crash this late in the game. If it happened in 2012 it would be nothing.
A bit of how the stock market could crash and burn in late 1800s and nobody would care and when it happened again in 1929 , it indirectly caused WW2.
Context matters, price moves alone say very little. This crash is far more meaningful than 2014's because the money lost was/is 10 times as many.
 This is by far the biggest crash in crypto and since people trade with money and not percentages, this one would be the hardest to overcome (if it ever to be overcome).
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:04:50
In the same way that myspace and altavista died. Replaced by a better tech that solves its "primary movers' mentality".
@_date: 2018-06-24 18:22:03
You speak of the size of a market through the lens of time passed (which IMO is insane) I do so through the lens of volume.
The volume in December alone was more than most of the prior years combined. That should worry you.
It's not recency bias, it's simply a law of parabolic markets. Most get in at ATH or near ATH which means that many if not most have been burnt. Which is why parabolic markets are always a negative.
The bitcoin market was unlucky enough to go parabolic whilst also doing insane volumes. Its fate may well have been sealed in those days.
If bitcoin dies it will be because people were panic buying in December, it is the exact kind of behavior that leads you in being several thousands in debt, not being able to feed your kid, broken families , unpaid mortgages ...
I was very upset as it was happening. I knew it would come to this. I was at my worst when everybody and his dog was celebrating here...
@_date: 2019-08-08 20:51:39
I called you a disagreeable person because whenever someone debates you successfully you tell him "talk to the hand" and "you have no right to my time", like some spoilt kid. 
You refuse to actually converse with people and then you think that someone attacks you when he/she tries to.
Obviously *I* have time for such a trainwreck...
@_date: 2018-06-29 19:39:17
This is far worse.
Never before did the market lost so many billions. Never before have I seen so many wrecked homes out of crypto. Only percentage wise the fall is smaller and that is true only for a select amount of coins, for the rest even percentage wise it is the apocalypse.
In fact investing in pretty much anything other than the heavy hitters you lost 90-95% of your investment.
What is going on is crazy,  and r/Bitcoin is in a bit of a bubble if it thinks that 2014 was better. I was there, things were *far* better. 2015 was miserable, not 2014. Now 2018 is miserable, we are moving faster with no serious relief rally (we had two in 2014). We are basically living the 2015 prematurely, imagine how worse 2019 would be (as compared to 2015).
Anyone who is still in crypto is being decimated as we speak and as long as he doesn't drop his bags things will get worse. Volatility is zero (if it only goes down it i is not volatile), volume is always falling, bitcoin trends are falling, even shorts are not peaking as in the past. Everything points to a downwards pit with no end. I cannot recall a worse period for crypto.... especially with it being banned (for all intends and purposes) in 3 Asian countries that was driving much of its traffic in the past, India, China, Korea. Regulators finally won...
@_date: 2019-08-31 08:55:37
You don't get it. People do not own the money, space or electricity to use on the bitcoin network. Nobody is buying a $300 space heater that is literally useless to anything else apart from the most hardcore enthusiasts. This is how you centralize a network.
To decentralize it you have to give incentives to lay people to join the network. I dunno maybe replace ad revenue with mining revenue and allow people to "rent" their compute so that to use online services without pay or ads?
Ofc the above would only be possible if you use an algorithm that is optimized for what people OWN and not for what people precisely don't.
I see the whole ASIC industry as a cashgrab that goes directly against the spirit of Bitcoin, I just find it strange how people are OK with it. ASICs (on a massive scale that is relevant to the network) can only be bought by billionaires not by the people, they lack their free electricity, their space, heck they lack the funds to continuously upgrade their mining fleet...
**Edit:** And ofc I am downvoted without a counterpoint because the building of massive factories meant to create or even validate new bitcoins is not unsightly at all... I have to honestly wonder on this. Am I the only one who is worried of how much of Bitcoin's function is outside the people's hands? Should we worry about that or pretend that better solutions cannot exist (not even in principle) and be OK with the industrial scale at which things move forwards from now on?
@_date: 2019-10-02 02:26:52
That's quite dull and also nothing of what I am worried about or indeed referred to.
Mining nodes are way more important because they have the capacity to censor the network. Like I said , the community should know better than thinking that running enough full nodes would do the trick.
If mining is taken away from the people there is absolutely no guarantee that the network won't be cornered sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2019-08-14 12:58:48
Yes I understood that part, my answer was "it doesn't matter". I am rather clear what matters to me all along. Either that you converse like a person would, or if that doesn't work you can waste as much of your time time as you wish, I can aid you in this.
Most of my comment threads do not end with me having the last word. With you it absolutely matters, I am not letting you off the hook that easily...
@_date: 2019-06-22 16:47:10
By "on paper" I literally meant the American constitution (I.e. the only document that is actual law in US and everything else starts from there).
Now the fact that the US citizens possibly accepted less constitutional interpretations of the law, it honestly beats me. The American constitution properly stated "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness". You can't have liberty without even being able to own a piece of land wholly...
@_date: 2019-10-01 02:04:21


That's the common wisdom, yes, doesn't have to be true though. It's not as if anyone tried to seriously dispel it (with any sort of serious budget that is).
As we speak there are at least two separate relatively high profile attempts to address the issue. One is an algo that only "asks" the type of calculations that commodity hardware already is good at. Second is to completely randomize the workload in a way which would disallow any application specific hardware to operate *unless* it can reconstruct itself on the fly.
Not saying that any of the two will work, I just find it strange how is bitcoin not in the forefront of such development.  Not having singular points of failure *is* bitcoin's schtick. Why should all those alts go experimental on it, all the while some are not even comitted to PoW (say ETH)
PoS has similar points of failure as ASIC PoW. The "haves" can in practice censor the network.
@_date: 2019-06-26 22:51:12
I mean I am not lying. It is a perfect way to lose money of you buy while it forms a ... wall to the upside. Just a few months ago we had people posting suicide hotlines to save those that bought over $15k. I mean people will be seriously harmed in the following days/weeks/months , unless some rationality will return to the market.... $7k at this point would be a blessing in disguise...
@_date: 2019-08-13 08:39:07
In information theory the past is basically the same as a smaller universe, in physics things may be different, I dunno, I suspect they ain't. In short though, you cannot go back in time because it is the foundational stone on which this universe is built, I.e. the arrow of time. We may interact with one million forces previously thought impossible, *that* is the one thing we will never do, it is the rock on which everything else is built (I.e. an ever expanding universe as is expressed by the passage of time and entropy).
Teleportation is another thing altogether, we can teleport properties, not physical matter. Whenever you hear of quantum teleportation, only the properties of an electron are "teleported", not the electron itself. You'd hear stuff by physicists that all electrons are practically the same, but in fact they do differ in one thing, their journey in time. I.e. their location in space and time, therefore I dispute that a teleportation as we normally understood it ever took place, even if it did it would tell nothing about big bodies of matter , even if it did (I.e. big bodies could teleport) it tells nothing about reverting the arrow of time by basically time travelling into the past.
BTW you can time travel into the future, but again it is not actual time travel, time merely passes differently for you as compared to other people, but it *still* passes, the arrow of time is intact...
@_date: 2018-06-24 20:18:35
'm not sue that they sold in time. Most of those that I know cost average right now which IMO puts them even deepen in debt, while the rest point them out and vow to not enter the market.
 The whole thing is a dumpster on fire...
@_date: 2018-06-24 11:59:35
Way too much electricity as compared to what?
I tend to hear this argument again and again and it is simply false.
It may die, don't get me wrong, but sure as hell won't be because of its energy requirement.
It costs far less to secure the bitcoin network than it is to secure conventional money. If the Alternative is to use 10 times the energy (and it is not just electricity there, it is standing armies among other things) then Bitcoin has one thing going on about it, and it is its relatively low usage of energy for the amount of security it offers. 
Stop presenting its strong point as its weakest, a bit of how that Swiss bank thought that decentrilization was its weak point , the other day... It makes you as appear a fool that has no idea what he is talking about.
@_date: 2019-10-02 04:30:03
Ok, let us not talk at all about the Bitcoin network it seems too complex for you. Let us talk about paragraph structure.
When people write a paragraph they write the topic of it as the first sentence. After it comes the main body and sometimes there is a conclusion.
What you read was the topic of that paragraph, not my point. The point always exists later on the body (which on in itself is an introductory paragraph). Since you never read the rest you don't actually know what I wrote and therefore there is nothing you disagree on since you have no idea what I wrote.
If you did we may have had a discussion.
It does explain why you are not alarmed by the possible centralization of the network. You don't have the faintest idea of how it works and don't care to know. You are a foreign body to this community and I am not sure why am I talking to you at this point...
@_date: 2019-08-31 14:05:59
Bitcoin can't work if only a cartel ends up mining it. It is literally the most basic need for it to work (I.e. its basic functions to not end up in a few hands)
You sound like someone who didn't read the whitepaper.
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:52:01
Well they are that at least on paper. It's only later on that people accepted to basically rent the land from the state. Now why would the people accept such a thing and not vote out the politicians that forcibly took part of their property is beyond me. I guess not caring what your representative does goes a long way (in harming your and your descendants' life... Good job voters )
@_date: 2019-08-31 17:45:41


Holding a market ransom, means fixing its prices. They will still get the most txs possible because the market will adjust to the highest fees. If they are truly (say) 97% of the market there would be no other way to get a tx through 


Nope, cartels are profit seeking. What Satoshi did at the time was wholly unprofitable, he was a donor of compute power to a project that seemed to have no chance to be going anywhere. He was lucky which made him a billionaire, but at the time he was not a monopolist or anything like that , anymore that a lottery ticket buyer is not an investor..
@_date: 2018-06-29 09:10:41
Not saying whether they should or not. All I am saying is that what you call the bottom is basically the ending of many lives and the wrecking of many homes.
Not saying that that would not happen eventually. But if you calculate the billions of extra usd that needs to be lost further, to reach your "goal", billions taken from ordinary homes mostly (the big players are mostly gone already, hence the drying of the volatility, it is mostly down these days. They exit scammed already) then I cannot see how you expect any recovery.
People would not discern bitcoin from other cryptos. If anything to them all is bitcoin, and if they know enough people to be completely wrecked how can the market recover even?
I called the breaking of the 6k mark as the end of crypto as we know it . It signifies the departure of the futures' bornt money. Some of which came from big players. With them out, the market is back at its usual forces, but with everyone terrified out of their minds nobody is to buy.
Pretty much it is as if late 2017 never happened, to most alts it is as if the whole 2017 never happened, so they are in 2016 (bear) mode already (t least those that existed back then). But with so many having bought in those periods we are not merely gone back in time, we probably went back to 2014-2015 level of misery.
My theory is that crypto survived then almost by a miracle. Miracles do not happen two times in a row. Two montns now there is only red everywhere. Two months for cryptos is 2 years for the stock exchange. 2 months/years of constant bleeding...
@_date: 2019-08-15 11:17:59
Again, I am not trying to "win". I am trying to make you converse and if that fails to waste your time (as long as you keep responding that is).
@_date: 2019-08-18 11:31:26
Bitcoin had already topped at $3k in June, then corrected some and started moving sideways. In August -IIRC- the Futures are aanounced and the whole thing blew off the top at $20k just a mere 4 months later. 
It was crazy, even by Bitcoin's standards. Up until that point things could be explained by euphoria. However anything that happened that Autumn up until that December was beyond anything we could expect. Most of us had Bitcoin topping at $5k at most ... and then it went 4x that. At those capitalizations it's not mere retail mania, everyone was joining in.
Yeah, I do think that the last leg was CME's. It shows too because just after their release the bear market started (it would have started in July, yet the Futures rumours kept on the Bull market burning).
@_date: 2019-10-01 04:24:18
Lol, I was referring to actual solutions that are tried right now, I was intentionally trying to not sound technical, the fact that you thought that I did is troubling, either towards my writing skills or your comprehension skills.
Anyway the two methods that I was referring to are ProgPoW and RandomX. 
Which may or may not work.
Which again is not my point. My point is that you keep saying that &gt;any sequence of instructions can be made into an ASIC 
Without any form of (mathematical) proof.
That's too central to whether cryptocurrencies can work in the long term (or be centralized) to leave it to chance is all I'm saying
@_date: 2019-06-03 03:51:42
People voted the politicians that made such laws possible and then voted them again. People avoided their civic duty by not being interested in politics and giving a free reign to maniacs. People did this, as it was the British people too that forced Turing to suicide, the very guy that saved so many of their lives.
Implicitly or explicitly we live in a democracy with ways to depose unwise rulers, when we let that sh!t happen, *we* did this.
@_date: 2019-06-15 21:44:06
Technologically speaking its governance is a work of art and one of the best working proof of a concept in the history of proof of concepts. If something that is rare *has to* be used as a store value it better be the kind of thing that is at the forefront of network and (your) asset security.
Technologically speaking Bitcoin is not some random digital coin, it is *that* digital coin that pretty much solved the Byzantine dilemma.... You won't get most of anything to be both as special in its function *and* scarce...Don't pretend that many people randomly chose *it* as a store of value. Your **store** of value, better be uniquely secure.
@_date: 2019-02-07 21:58:10
It would be harder with general purpose computers. Everybody has them, websites/apps would mine to boost their profits. Good luck antagonizing the whole human population.
If you use application specific machines to secure a network you can't have that.
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:35:48
Lol, that is not my definition of epoch. That is literally the epochs that bitcoin goes through, it is how Bitcoin names them, its very own -natural- 4 year cycles, it is the only thing you actually have to base things on. 
Mining costs is not a good indication, it follows price, does not lead it...
Edit: $0.05 is part of the first (inflationary) epoch, in 0 epoch bitcoin did not exist it literally had no value, iot is before its first block was even mined. I am using Bitcoin's terminology because I think price follows its inflation rate and IMO it is the most relevant metric to understand bitcoin both price wise but also at which point of its development it is...
@_date: 2019-10-02 05:36:28
Damn, now I have to teach you about widely used phrases. Ok.
See, human culture has not evolved into their current situation in one step. That is evident (among other things) in the language people use.
For example the word with which I started this post meant something very literal in previous centuries, same with "God Forbid" btw. The more people get/got educated the less the literal meanings of many of the words which were originated in prior eras are being used.
 Goodbye literally means "god be with you" but most of noone use that word as it used to, not even religious people so it makes sense for you to assume that the use of certain phrases has more to do with the religiosity of people before us than us (the current users) ; I.e. you won't find a religious person in me.
@_date: 2018-06-24 14:58:52
Because it barely did. And if you were around then you would know. There was a widespread beleif that cryptos are about to die for good.
Just because you survived a shooting doesn't mean that you would survive a 2nd one. Not saying that this market won't, merely that the chances are actually less now than then.
I honestly never believed that the 6k mark would be breached reliably. At this point it is a coin toss. The market can survive but it would be extremely lucky.
Funny thing is that it happened in a good year technologically wise. Meaning that speculative markets are unconcerned of ground work. It won't be the first market that speculation kills prematurely.... and yes, that's a dagger against those who wanted a lambo and easy gainz, we would have been better off without them. A slow rise beats the hell out of what currently happens (a rise and then a dump at levels below were the rise started)...
Without the december pump we would be standing much better chance to survive, heck we may have been trending up by now. When it happened I was very worried, now I know why. Too many people burnt in that ran up and by now it is killing the crypto world... sad.
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:07:34
Problem with this theory is that highly technical endeavours actually centralize as time goes by. It happens to all industries. First it was unions, then they turn into industries, then one player aggressively took over the other, ending up with extremely few active players.
I fear the same will happen to Bitcoin mining too as the incentive structure is very similar to any other technical industry ("shoe makers united", telecommunications, etc)
@_date: 2019-06-10 13:30:06
Except we only got 35x and then 17.5x, I am not sure where you got the first 35x...
@_date: 2019-06-22 12:08:51
For the time being we are replicating the start of the last bull market (end of 2015). Thus so far so god. Back then it almost went 4x from its low before correcting and staying under the radar for some time.
So if we correct around the $12k mark "fall" to $6k - $8k and stay there for some time we will be OK. If however indeed we start a new FOMO round (instead of being actually at the end of the first big surge) then we are f*cked. We seriously need a correction in the following few weeks or else BTC is in trouble IMHO...
@_date: 2019-08-13 12:50:49
Those believing that you can unroot the most basic concept of this universe (the arrow of time) and basically move back, ask for your money back , because your country's education system has failed you. Don't give one more cent to taxes because it is obviously used to  fill the minds of people w fluff..
@_date: 2019-10-02 05:06:41
God forbid that we discuss in a forum. Forums are built for everyone following a mantra after all.
Btw it's funny, I was there when all those changes were happening (how a half node ended up being called a full node) and I was sure that some future noobs would think that that is how things always were and "meant to be". And here we are trying to educate a neophyte who refuses to read.
Anyway, like I said, you are a late comer. To you Bitcoin is possibly a more hip version of PayPal (instead of complete departure that it meant to be) so no wonder that some centralization is OK with you "as long as it is less that the banks'".
Ofcourse it is not less. If and when the market is cornered miners could basically do most of everything that bankers presently do, even some limited form of quantitative easing (but that would be too hard for keep to explain to someone who is too lazy to read), but ok...
@_date: 2019-06-28 13:52:18
I am not a US citizen so I do not have to challenge such asinine laws. Where I live such silliness does not exist for most estates. You only start paying property tax if you accumulated a significant part of the nation's lands. In that case you're branded as a potential threat to the nation so you start paying rent in part of your estate in the form of tax.
All that is common sense in some places of the world. Apparently not in the "land of the free". And the only reason it is " a land of the free", instead of a land of the free is because one branch of the government (the one that should be looking for how constitutionals the laws that the congress passed are) is too lazy to do its job. So you have judges basically showboating instead of doing their duty of challenging unchecked power from Washington and the lay people having a boot shoved in their a$$.
*That* is how the rule of law dies...
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:32:36
I said "may" and followed it by "there is no telling".
My point is that nobody can time the market. Recovery may come "any minute now" or it may never come, or anything in between really.
The whole of June was people calling the bottom. Guess what, this sucker has ways to go...
@_date: 2019-10-21 10:32:56
$60-$80k is in the ballpark of the last ATH. Bitcoin is slowing down or is it just me? (the very latest ATH was more than an order of magnitude greater than the major ATH before it $1.1k to $20k, the equivalent of which would be $20k to $360k)
@_date: 2019-02-10 12:30:45
Mined by a close knit group of people/corporations , almost exactly paralleling what banking eventually became.  Said cartel would then be able to control the flow of money basically.
@_date: 2019-06-13 18:30:16
I love that they even have a picture of the poor critter. Poor thing the world was too complex for it, all it wanted was eat , sh*t make more ... ratatouilles .  
Rest in peace :/
@_date: 2019-06-12 05:38:14
You don't need much for that to happen. Events of distribution of wealth are few and in-between, say great wars that actually razed the wealth of many of the rich people, especially wars happening in your/their soil, during the rest of the time, especially peace time you get a constant supply of wealth that points to the rich. That supply is often fed from the poor, but less in our era (there is also technological/technical efficiencies that actually create new wealth).
My point is that FED or no Fed you would have a transfer (of wealth) from the poor towards the rich, no less because the rich are rich *because* they are obsessed with the collection of wealth in the first place. Being more energized towards a singular goal, actually makes you better equipped to reach it ....
Meaning that FED should be a negative additionally to transferring wealth to know that we are better off if we find alternatives. Just stating the obvious does not say much (most technologies enable such transfer of wealth, *all* systems of governance, etc)
@_date: 2019-06-04 02:02:38
Yeah, I wrote that (second sentence). I also wrote that people secretly hope that this is a small dip by up voting those hodl posts so fast. Meaning that it will very probably dump far harder...
@_date: 2019-06-04 07:32:25
Lol, no. The USD *is* the American dominance in a currency form. World powers like the USA only fall after World wars (France stopped being superpower when Napoleon lost, UK stopped being a superpower after the two WWs, etc).
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:27:52
FOMO crowd bought in those days. Basically why I find all those FOMO posts nonsensical. Once they enter a market they spoil everything...
@_date: 2019-06-18 22:59:24
Lol, people *are* dumb fucks. Zuckeberg was not that far off in his characterization...
@_date: 2019-06-22 08:34:08
Nah they won't ban it. They will tax it out of existence. It's funny that the country with the strongest property rights (US) is also the hardest in which to own/buy/trade Bitcoin because of the tax situation.
You must already know by now that in the US unless there is a "war on (something)" they don't ban "you" outright. They already found better ways...
@_date: 2019-06-24 20:16:10
Less so, it is not a widely agreed group. If such a group fall out of grace, the merges of a parallel group may be thought as the cannon from the community. The strong thing w Bitcoin is that the initial dev team is all but done and a revolving door of developers have replaced it. That is a stark contrast to most alts where the founder or a founding member is still a big part of the development thus the community would always "know" which is the cannon and which one isn't ("a mere fork")...
@_date: 2019-08-18 10:14:45
The previous bull cycles saw Bitcoin losing some of its dominance too. That's pre ICO craze. Bitcoin was everything back then and at the peak was ... less than everything. Same thing happened last bull cycle only that time Bitcoin dominance fell even lower. I project next one to have Bitcoin dominance to fall even below the last, a trend is definitely set and there is a good reason to believe that it will continue.
Lower dominance (at large) means we are deep in a bull market. A continuously rising one means people get out of the market via first converting to BTC and eventually to fiat or something non-crypto.
The two are definitely connected and very many people here are cheering for the wrong thing. Bitcoin dominance BTW means nothing to Bitcoin. Being below 1 trillion $ however does mean a ton as it shows that it is still a non-factor in the world economy at this point. And it will never get above it if more money won't enter the market (much of which would inevitably go to alts at first)
@_date: 2019-10-02 04:06:42
You seem deeply disinterested on how the network works. That explains the lack of being alarmed. 
The mining nodes were designed to be the arbiters of the network, there is a reason why PoW is/was preferred over PoS or PoS like validation structures, the reason was a game theoretic design where there are 3 instead of 2 interested parties: the users (the ones who can run full nodes and also make use of the network ofc), the miners and the devs. Those three are more or less of equal standing and ensure that there is balance in the network.
 Running what you call a full node is merely maintaining a copy of the blockchain, it didn't use to be what we now call a full node, it was expected that most users would do that. No, in the early days a full node was a mining node (I.e. a copy of the blockchain which is used for validating purposes but also adding more blocks using transactions from the mempool). 
What you call a full node was not designed to be all that important , it was merely one of the duties that the users are/were supposed to have (miners too btw). What you call a full node (a  half node really)was pretty much meant to be run by lay users so that to be sure that they actually made their transaction on the main chain. Especially back when the network was one GB...
So yeah, a half node (what you call a full node) is nowhere near as important as a full node (a half node that also mines). And I do have an issue that the actual full nodes may fall into fewer and fewer hands because eventually, if they are truly few enough, they can well start censoring TXs by simply not adding them into new blocks for whatever reason.
Now if that doesn't alarm you, it means that you scarcely understand the game theoretic balance that was baked into the network. If it is tipped towards one way or another I'm not sure that things would be well for long.
Bitcoin is designed work when it is egalitarian. In theory deving is still egalitarian as teams may spontaneously be created and start merging code that makes sense. Using is egalitarian as anyone with a computing device can become a Bitcoin user, mining is increasingly less egalitarian , with bigger and bigger players getting more and more of the pie. Laymen basically can't mine anymore because it is is simply too expensive at this point.
My problem is *exactly* that the community grew too dispassionate and under their noses a new banking system is being built with central miners replacing central bankers down the decades ... but ok.
@_date: 2019-06-10 14:29:25
Yeah, like I said, I don't know what 0.05, 1.1 and 32. They are all part of the same Bitcoin Epoch (50 coins per block). So why use 3 there and only one to the other two (is all I am saying).
Also the percentage increase between the "no epoch" to first epoch is actually infinite, literally. It went from 0 to $32, which is why I never included it.
IMO the only relevant numbers are the 3 tops, one for each epoch, and even more relevant number are the 3 lows ($2, $160, $3200), but in this thread we are looking how further high it will go, not what the next low would be. Still the above tells us that the next low should be around the $16k region (80x, then 20x, finally 5x?)
@_date: 2019-02-28 18:28:14
Lol. You literally have no idea how the world works, do you? Everything is a conspiracy to you. If only conspiracies were as easy to operate.
Anyway, keep wearing the tinfoil hat. I only try once to explain people's motives, some are so enamored with their fantasy that they prefer to live in it... Good luck.
Oh and don't forget to gas the Jews once you find the chance (and to think that people with your thinking had the upper hand earlier in the 20th century), we don't want them Jews to control us through mind control and bad chemicals, because apparently in some fantastical worlds those things are possible.
@_date: 2019-02-18 09:43:45
Was 55-60 before November. It's at only 67% from its peak. That is rare for Bitcoin. Normally hashrate only goes up, we are in an abnormal point in history by Bitcoin's standards...
@_date: 2019-02-10 14:45:04
How can full nodes improve on TX taxing and TX censoring?
Central miners are not out to attack the network, they are out to bleed it dry if they are allowed to, but still allow it to function. You never kill the goose with the golden eggs, you just make her to make more golden eggs.
Sure running full nodes allow you to run your own wallet (basically). It doesn't solve systemic issues with the network though.
I may start running a full node if I start converting the majority of my estate in BTC. However I would not do that unless and until the situation around *mining* nodes clears up (which IMO is more crucial than the general unavailability of full nodes).
@_date: 2019-02-09 11:35:11
Its purchasing power is relatively easy to seize. As a government you accumulate a majority of the asset and start to sell to yourself at lower and lower prices with great volume. 
Sure there may be exchange fees to pay, however what if that is needed to keep the populace to going into a mean that is not under your control, why not?
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:02:42
I was game theory from the get go.
Price falls -&gt;
Difficulty goes down opening the network to attacks -&gt;
Folk attack to get back opportunity costs
It is in my initial post.
As for profiting from an attack is relatively easy. Bitcoin's price is built in part in its unhackability. If you mine a longer chain for a few days and then post it in the network, basically invalidating all transactions of the last few days (possibly billions in US $) you just proved that Bitcoin is not very secure as many would be able to perform a double spend (unbeknownst to them).
So a less secure bitcoin is a less valuable bitcoin. The price would reflect just that fact and your shorts would fill getting back all the opportunity costs that the low bitcoin price would cause in the first place. I don't see how Bitcoin won't be attacked if it goes too far below.
Bitcoin Cash does not have a high (real) volume of transactions, so if "you" perform such an attack not many double spends would be performed and the prices won't be punished too much. Similar attacks took place in other such small networks with little change in price. Therefore the above scheme won't work.
Bitcoin is different than all others. More than 80% of the totality of real world transactions w crypto happen through Bitcoin meaning that an attack to it is a big deal and would actually take the whole crypto market down with it.
The only thing that stopped that from happening was/is the high difficulty. If it goes low enough that an attack is relatively easy, an attack *would* happen. There is too much to lose if one simply keeps his miners switched off.. 
@_date: 2019-06-23 18:36:18
I can easily think something better than bitcoin as a store of value. Something equally deflationary with consensus happened in such a way that no single party can have an undue influence (right now, mining OEMs do , also the country where most of the mining equipment is situated also carries a risk for Bitcoin). Something that is even more liquid (even though liquidity is secondary feature for stores of value, it is still nice to have as long as it does not endanger anything else). Lastly , but equally important, true fungibility.
Now how realistic is it to expect something with even fewer actors that can possibly influence it than Bitcoin's (all/most alts have a discernable dev team/person that are basically gods, for example)? It beats me, but sure you can -in principle- have something better than bitcoin. With the direction that most alts go though, I lose faith (ultra powerful central parties, none decentralized consensus to most of them; yeah they are a mess)
@_date: 2019-06-03 23:11:54
It has as much value as the ones accepting it can give to it. For example the US dollar will have a great value no matter how fast it will be printed because the US government will hit on the head anyone not accepting it. Strength makes one right. In a truly free economy we wouldn't even need fiat currencies, but we do not live in a free economy, do we?
@_date: 2019-06-08 16:38:36
PoS rewards early adopters and big owners. It is not a better option on its own. A hybrid PoS/PoW could possibly work (PoS for most of the day, PoW for the final settlement).
But yeah Bitcoin's genius was and continues to be its governance model. You remove that and it is Bitcoin no more... You need the Game Theory that Satoshi, Hal Finney and co thought about. It is the most fleshed out way we have ever developed to combat the double spend problem and thus bring digital transactions "down to earth" (from their ethereal plane).
@_date: 2019-08-01 08:38:56


Not when paired with Quantitive easying. As of now we have world-record printing of new money. As if both the ECB, FED and the Chinese banks are in a race to print the most possible. When Trump talks of "unfair advantage that the Chinese get", he talks of exactly that. I.e. that their currency retains the worth versus the dollar despite the increased productive, *because* (medium term) they increase the liquidity of their currency in step to the increase of their production. According to mainstay economic theory when your production is increased you have to also increase the interest rates as your currency appreciates. The Chinese do the opposite, the rest follow. What I am trying to talk about is not about sovereign debt, which on in itself does not have to be the issue, but rather the concerted effort to devalue the people's work which seems to only benefit the rich and the powerful. From my point of view they create a new slave class by devaluing the worth of the work of the working class, so sooner rather than late we will get to feudal economics, where the serf is the main building block and the only way the system works is because the serf does not demand more (fixed, low, " salaries", low socioeconomic movement). Not only is this bad for the people but IMO for the economies at large in the longer term, you don't want a slave class, it acts like a cushion to optimal growth.
I am trying to point out that we are rapidly moving there. I know too many people , more than in any other point in my life that simply lost taste of working "for the man", they see their real salary (I.e. the things they can buy) not be in step with how fast the economies appreciate, if anything they feel that they now have to work more. They find that ridiculous that they should have to pay one million agencies and on top of that have their savings depreciate in the medium term. Unless something happens the end result is the rich becoming absurdly rich and the poor becomng dirt poor.
@_date: 2019-02-28 08:24:45


See, that's the thing you can't know. I've lived enough, probably more than most in this sub, to know that those "Nevers" are quite more probable than people realize. I give the edge to Bitcoin because it is a prime mover in something that the network effect is important, but I wouldn't be surprised if something else wins out this battle, something that is below our radar right now even. It happened.so.much in history that it wouldn't surprise me.
And yes, I understand that money *until now* was something different than a typical high tech product in its dynamics. However Bitcoin changed that very thing. Bitcoin is both a form of value *and* a high tech product. So it shares dynamics with both entities, which is why I tell people "before mass adoption everything can happen still"...
@_date: 2019-02-17 14:34:15
The bubble had already burst , then he decided to fork BCH and his shenanigans caused us another leg down after months and months of stability (from $6.5k to $3.5k). 
The whole move tracks exactly that guy's shenanigans and threats. Once their stupid war ended so did the price fall. The two are too well aligned to think that he had no connection even indirectly.
@_date: 2019-02-02 22:42:32
I disagree. Free markets do represent a systemic risk to crony capitalism.
People in power lose power whenever people are energized to create a system without bottlenecks and chokepoints and therefore no need for gatekeepers.
I don't the guy nor whether he is/was truly innocent. Do know that even if he is/was innocent people in power were/are well under their rights to make an example of him. And by "rights" of course I mean "defacto rights", is the kind of things that one is allowed to do (and for people in relative power it is very -freaking-  much anythhing including puting people you do not like away....
@_date: 2019-02-10 13:11:27
Individual/ideological miners would be hit (hard) by the high variance that low hashrate brings.
I envision collusion of the major pools which in turn would force those that do not agree with them to set up shop elsewhere. As long as they remain a tiny part of the network (I.e. they rarely find blocks), the fact that they will take TXs with low fees would scarcely make a difference.
It is for that reason alone why banks centralized so much lately. Used to be the case that small local banks could compete with the rates of bigger banks, eventually though they went out of business *because* they did not have the gravity to face major market downturns. The 2000s basically oversaw the selling of all smaller firms to giant cartels.
It is pretty much what high block variance would cause (if your hashrate is low , there can be weeks/months before finding another, at that point you may need to give in and join the big pools).
You can only combat that if you find competition for professionals. As long as a market is made from professionals it eventually unionizes/centralizes. Market forces dictate efficiency. And in the case of mining efficiency = more fees per block mined 
@_date: 2019-02-28 01:32:00
The search engine of choisce ended up being something using a silly name as Google. Nobody though of that in 1996 or even 1999. Everybody could think that search engines would be the future, nobody could tell you which.
Before mass adoption (of any of those coins) happen you can't tell. It is not that hard to understand.... Bitcoin obviously has the most chances, so going all in in it it can either like going to be like going all in to Amazon in 1997 or going all in to altavista in 1997.
With all the metaphors people forget that Bitcoin is still a technological product and technological products , especially before mass adoption can falter, be left behind or simply not be preferred by the public... I mean, man, who knows?
@_date: 2019-06-10 10:52:28
It went from 5c to $32
Then from $2 to $1140
Lastly from $160 to $20k
I cannot see the other submoves as being of any importance if you want to differentiate the cycles according to BTC's epochs.
So the ATH of the first epoch was/is $32
Of the second was $1140
Of the the third (our current) is $20k
That's 35x between the two first epochs' ATH
17.5x Between the 2nd and 3rd ATH
8.25x Between the 3rd and the 4th ATH? (If you like extrapolations so much)...
@_date: 2019-02-02 06:10:53
Funny thing about cryptopia is that only ETH were stolen. So by closing the whole website down they basically stole the rest of users' funds themselves, not allowing them to ever withdraw.
I think that is a first in any theft. In general you'd lose the stolen funds, this time you lose merely for coming in touch with the exchange. I only have $50 worth of sh*tcoins in that exchange so I don't much care (and in general I never leave anything of much value on exchanges). I just find how noone talks about this issue shocking.
The real theft are/was not the ethereum stolen. It is/was all the rest of the funds that cryptopia basically kept. So despite being hacked, they actually made money because they stole the non hacked coins themselves... Incredible.
@_date: 2019-08-15 13:06:26
I don't think that you get it. There is nothing to win, only to lose at this point. Win to me would be convincing you to actually converse like a human would do instead of receding into name calling (I was never being pedantic, that is quite a shallow interpretation).
But with that out of the question, it's about losing in a way that you lose too (your time at this point). As I said, I'll keep wasting your time as long as you keep responding. It is your choice and I'm happy to comply.
@_date: 2019-06-22 08:31:42
FOMO comes at the end of a cycle. We just started it, FOMO won't start now, at least I hope iot won't. We need Bitcoin under the radar for a couple more years and FOMO to only start over $100k (so that we may catapult to $200k or even $300k
If FOMO starts now we are f*cked in other words. We'll go $20k or $30k at best, then the cycle will end prematurely and go back to $5k or $6k and stay there for some time.
Hope FOMO is not starting, honestly do...
@_date: 2019-06-05 00:16:28
...too bad that it is mostly science fiction though.
I mean some highly intriguing ideas (basically reformulated sociology) taken to some extremes. Enjoyed his first book, second one was pure sci-fi though, and I can only enjoy hard sci-fi sadly.
So yeah, Bitcoin will only do what can Bitcoin do in the real world. Which may be a whole lot of nothing, or completely change everything like the Internet (did) before it...
@_date: 2019-02-10 22:45:09
Of course. I wouldn't expect this to happen by anyone other than some big miners bleeding money. I'd guess that they would have a stack of bitcoin to bet the falling of Bitcoin's price.
And sure the exchanges would expect such a manipulation, they just wouldn't care to stop you. After all you will be getting the longers' money not the house's. You'd basically bleed all the longers from all the exchanges dry. So if a few billions of $ are in Bitcoin longs right now they would basically end up to your pockets once their positions would start liquidating one after another.
As long as the exchanges will take fees from said action they would not care. After all for every long there is an opposite short, you'd merely happen to be to all of those, or as many of those as possible. And once the stage is set you communicate your longer chain and let the show begin.
Yeah it carries some risks. They are just far lower than the opportunity cost that switching off millions of miners carries.
I mean what do you expect? That big miners will just take it? If bitcoin goes to $1k or below right now, some really powerful stand to lose big. Amounts that you and I can't fathom (probably). I think that the possibility of them going down silently is 0. 
If Bitcoin goes too low we are going to see fireworks, I guarantee you that. We'll see at least one occation of blatant manipulation like the one I described, probably more. Those people played serious money, they won't just stand there and lose. They will attack.
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:38:25
My numbers are not way off as they did not mean to be exact. They are simplifications of what happens over the long term. Even if you adjust for long time preference the 70% below is not far off (over a long period , not a flash crash obviously).
We saw it with Bitcoin moving from $6k to $3k. Sure, more efficient miners are coming online meaning that the difficulty is again trending up, however over the long term the network is less secured when the price is at $3k as compared to $6k.
It would be equally true when it will go down to $1k (as many expect it to). It can well lose more than half of the current mining power meaning that worldwide we will have more idle miners than mining miners. *That* presents a problem as there is no incentive for those idle miners to not attack the network.
If they remain idle they present a giant opportunity cost, probably hundreds of millions in $. If they attack they can manipulate the network by posting a longer valid chain with empty blocks over the course of some days/weeks. It would allow them to carefully put shorts just before they post their longer chain, which would be fulfilled solving the opportunity costs issue of theirs.
I do not subscribe to any particular theory. I am just saying to you how a particularly deep bear market can interact with the security of the network. Last November's fall in security /difficulty is/was the greatest since 2011. If we post another such a fall on top of the last one the network is probably in grave danger and you can't just discount that possibility. IMO an $1k Bitcoin would be attacked...
@_date: 2019-02-07 21:35:39
If you don't go back to general purpose computers long term mining would be dominated by special interests. Sooner or later Bitcoin would have to choose its path (crowd mined, or mined by a cartel?)
@_date: 2019-02-12 10:11:33
Piracy is in all time highs. Maybe not in the West, but it has more users than ever. Much more than any of those services that "own". If Cryptos have anywhere near the success that piracy has/had we are looking at them changing the world, this is a bad example if you are looking to drive home the point that crypto would somehow become irrelevant.
@_date: 2019-02-12 10:18:38
Lol, you'd be surprised. Maximalism is an extremely bad financial advice. It literally never happened in any market ever. It's the one way to 100% get poor (say short all alts, as a true maximalist would).
@_date: 2019-06-01 18:39:44
Apart from the fact that time does not work at all like in sci-fi novels, like I said, he is also "asking" for unprecedented things to happen. Assets do not climb from $150 bil (in capitalization) to $15 trillion in 4 years (basically). There is simply not enough money to go around for such a rapid transition. 
I mean I don't mind the boneheaded understanding of time by sci-fi novels, it makes an excellent vehicle for good story to be told, but you go a bit too far if you posit two things that do not happen in this universe. IMO best sci-fi is hard sci-fi. It makes a single "mistake" (knowingly) to aid the story, but the rest of the way it stays true to the universe we live in. It is basically "what if" scenarios being put in a story form. 
But if you go around turning said sci-fi setting into complete fantasy pulling sh!t out of your hat as you go along I simply think of "you" as a bad storyteller. Good storytellers can stay consistent by some established rules and the best established rules that we know of is those of our universe. If you change a single thing from it (say introduce time travel) then your world is still manageable if you always mind to think about the ramifications your change did. However if you add a second or third parameter, then things get unruly and the interactions of the unrealistic things make a chaotic situation. At that point you have to start pulling sh!t out of your hat. It is basically why I loved Dr Who when younger, but at this point it is getting a bit too much for me. Too easy to see inconsistencies, mostly because the writers are not those uber geniuses to rewrite the whole world, they went a bit too far by introducing more and more otherworldly elements, to the point that you feel robbed by the script (twists only exist because the writers decided to bend the rules of their universe, **that** doesn't interest me, I don't want to feel a plaything in the hands of a writer).
Anyway, back on topic. That posters' story plays in Bitcoiners' fantasies. I.e. rapid ascend of capitalization that comes in contrast to fiat and of course Bitcoin's rarity coming into play. Of course he couldn't envision (back then) that alts would become so prominent, didn't want to think that Bitcoin's price seems to be connected to "easy money" (I.e. rapidly printed fiat that does not depreciate too fast), so still very connected to the traditional financial world and of course the elephant in the room, rapid ascend into trillions of capitalization, which literally never happens unless some kind of rapid mass adoption happens first (which again can't happen because governments don't want a type of currency they cannot control).
Funny thing is that a lot of what he says may well happen. I.e. appreciation of Bitcoin to the point that it actually starts backing whole economies, even the nuclear war bit is a distinct possibility for this century or the next. It is the timeline of his that I find wonky. We overestimate the immediate future (a lot less of the things we expect happen to it), and underestimate the far future (things far beyond by anything we imagined will be routine then)...
If you are an amateur sci-fi writer (as I expect that poster to be), never forget the above sentence. Hard sci-fi , you can put it in the immediate future. If you want all out fantasy better put it centuries or better millennia from now...
@_date: 2019-06-04 07:30:40
I don't think most are worried about the 10% dip. About 10-15 days ago we got an even bigger retrace during the day. Most worry because it happened in Friday and now it happens again, probably signifying a bear run of sorts, or rather the end of the bull rally. 
Not that it would be a bad thing we were going parabolic so we needed some realism to the price action (or else we would had experienced a back top back bear market, if this bull rally was to go even more parabolic for the following few months). Better to reach "higher grounds" slowly, than all at once. Allows the market to adjust to the new prices (limit orders, stop losses, etc)
@_date: 2019-10-07 22:29:08
Hard to actually own. People with vaults do so you often have to trust such people, which IMO is a great problem with gold. Bitcoin solved that crucial issue.
@_date: 2019-02-10 21:51:41
Like I said, you won't profit from the double spend itself. Like you correctly pointed out that would be foolish to even attempt. You would profit by knowing what the market will do before it does it.
Basically you inside trade and none would be the wiser so none would refuse you service as in your scenario.
The attack is pretty simple in fact.
You wait for difficulty to go veeery low (say 1/5 of what it is today). The you start mining an alternative chain that is longer than the main chain. In that chain you include no transaction. Of course you never post said chain to the network.
You do that for a few days after a few million bitcoins have been transacted back and forth. Once they do you open shorts on many exchanges. Or rather you already start opening them in both the main market and the derivative market. So shorts all over bitcoin (I think you know what a short contract is so I o not need to explain it here). 
Once both is done (you have the longer chain + many open shorts) you suddenly post your chain to the network causing block reorganization and eventually chaos. You basically invalidated the transactions of a small nation country (in actual volume) of the last few days / week. Chaos ensues, the price of Bitcoin tries to start reflecting what just happened , basically people turning their Bitcoin into fiat. 
Once the price is low enough you fill your short contracts basically gathering the money from all the longs around the world making you possibly a billionaire overnight.
That is how reorganizing the network in such a major way can make you rich. Not though the double spending itself (from that others will benefit or lose) but rather from the loss of trust that Bitcoin would suffer.
It would be foolish not to do such an attack if you are a major miner and the alternative is to simply switch your miners off (which is what will happen of the price of Bitcoin goes too far below).
In fact I think it is a virtual certainty that such an attack takes place by at least one of the large miners if their multimillion ventures turn unprofitable.
Miners may just be just one of the three pillars of Bitcoin (with the other two being the devs and the users/community) , but being in a position of relatively concentrated power they can get the other two parties with the ride. If mining was fully decentralized (I.e. a cartel of giant miners/pools didn't exist) such an attack would had been less probable. Right now though, if indeed difficulty goes too far below, such an attack is a virtual impossibility to not happen...
@_date: 2019-02-17 11:26:14
My opinion (of him) is that he is a paid provocateur and not as innocuous as thought seeing him /what he does for the first time.
He did manage (in part) to cause the events that broke Bitcoin down to $3k levels which really did cause too many people to exit and he may try to do this again, this time dropping Bitcoin to dangerous levels for its survival (miners would start leaving en masse).
Sure it is/was not (just) him that caused the November fall, he sure does play a role in devaluing Bitcoin though merely through being associated in the public eye with it. As long as he is thought as relevant Bitcoin can still be seen as immature and that is a problem.
The guy is an obvious fraud and probably paid for to sabotage Bitcoin. His ideas are almost antithetical to a non entity-controlled type of paying, he is the closest we ever had to an anti-Satoshi (both temperamentally and ideas' wise).
For as long as he gets headlines he is a problem, it means that his payment source is still there trying to harm Bitcoin through him. He should be dealt with, don't know how, but he has to become irrelevant somehow...
@_date: 2019-06-23 10:48:44
I don't. They are not law if they are challenged as unconstitutional though. In most modern democracies/republics, the constitution is the supreme rule of law. Anything else *has to* emanate from it, if not they are illegal.
So yeah, it's kind of strange to see laws *against* property rights in a country founded on the foundation of property rights and liberty... Beats me how noone has seriously challenged them yet. Unless of course one is to say that the constitution is null and needs to be amended, but good luck for that , constitutional amends are pretty damn hard to achieve in a system where the participants cannot even agree about the colour of the curtain as in the white house...
@_date: 2019-02-28 08:05:35
Soros is amoral. Doesn't care what will make him a buck. If he thinks that the greatest chance to make money is inside trading Bitcoin he would do it in a heartbeat and never think twice. He doesn't really care about fiat or politicians or anything really. He only cares to inside trade, in a way he is a simplistic kind of creature.
Politicians on the other hand do care about fiat. It is what keeps them in power, because through controlling the supply they can fulfill their promises (or not). It is why Maduro imprisons miners in Venezuela, he doesn't want anyone else printing money (of any kind). However he wouldn't care if he was the one doing the mining.
There is a reason why Soros is not a politician. He simply doesn't care. All he cares is about making money , and he will make it any chance he'll get.
@_date: 2019-02-04 18:32:03
It is literally the most lenient of the 3 bear markets (percentage wise)  in the history of Bitcoin. Espec if we actually bottomed in December.
If only past Bitcoin performance could somehow be accessed, oh wait, it can...
Also TXs reaching the same amount as they had at the time of the peak was *exactly* what happened last time too when we were 1 year in that bear...
It is actually quite disappointing how predictable this bear was 'till now. I honestly was expecting some differentiation, especially given that it happened following a much more shallow bull (than the previous 2)...
@_date: 2019-06-03 04:33:55
My understanding is that those who vote the laws are all representatives of the people. Is there any law that you know of that was voted in by someone that was not voted by the people? If so I can see your point, if not, I see it as negligence on the part of the people.
I.e. If your representative voted for a reprehensible law that limits "god given" rights then vote him out and then vote out any other that may attempt such a move. Next time they would be more careful if you keep cutting their political careers short. So you train them to not vote silly laws: problem solved. But that of course requires for the people to exercise their civic duties, which again I suspect they are negligent of.  Weeds tend to grow to the parts of your garden that you tended less...
@_date: 2019-06-23 17:45:57
If you basically rent your land from the state no matter what, then they cannot be constitutional. That is not some interpretation that a judge can make. If certain forms of taxation are shown to be akin to paying an obligatory rent on land that you cannot avoid no matter what, then it seems to me , it should be a piece of cake to challenge such a law.
Taxation on owning things on top of being immoral seems to be a government having a stake on you (basically). I cannot fathom how such laws can stand in a court of law. Taxation can only stand if/when it is being smuggled in, say during the course of buying something. An "one off" thing. If it is continuous and unavpidable then it is not a tax, it is rent , that is pretty easy to be understood even by junior judges...
@_date: 2017-11-12 07:12:36
That is unless bitcoin cash becomes the new BTC and Bitcoin core is being "depreciated"...
Again, I'm looking at this drama from a distance, but I find it strange/interesting that people here are 100% sure that they can withstand the attack. 
Maybe just maybe 95% of miners start mining BCH (which becomes the new BTC) what then?
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:48:17
People have already opened their eyes. Why do you think those wars in the middle east are/were fought? Over ideology/democracy or "oil"? US has plenty of both, it is about denominating everything in USD thus creating (artificial or otherwise) demand for USD, thus allowing for them to print, feed their political allies, and stay in power.
In short, if you think that USD is not " all that" expect a visit "in your home" and a hit on your head. They have to protect their way of life and they have the weapons for it. What are **you** gonna do about that?
@_date: 2019-02-10 12:46:09
Those are all professionals from the same field. No reason for them not to become "unionised" and act as one. If they do they will be able to completely control TX tax rate (only mine TXs with a certain fee and up) , no reason for them not to censor TXs at the behest of certain governments.
The reasoning is simple too. There is a great barrier from being a factor in this coin's governance. One needs to buy a "voting machine" (a "miner") and the lay public won't. So the public is out, only leaving professionals , which they would eventually unionize and play the role of bankers today. The current incentive structure benefits centralization.
If you need decentralization you have to allow the lay public to be involved in the governance of the coin. If you raise a barrier of entry, you just created the right circumstances for a cartel. Basically why Drugs are being produced / controlled and sold by cartels wherever they are illegal (high barrier of entry) and why there are no such issues wherever they are legalized (marijuana for example can be cultivated, so no need to pay someone to take the risk for you).
@_date: 2019-06-02 19:52:46
The harshness of it is the point of his sentence. He is made an example for anyone else that may try to sidestep the controlled avenues of trade.
I mean he may also be an unethical person who harmed people, I dunno, I cannot know of those things unless a proper investigation in regards to what *actually* happened takes place. But again that is not why he is inside still (and probably will be for the rest of his life), it is because he went against the groupthink and sidestepped things that people unfortunately voted (total surveillance of transactions, financial illiberty ).
IMO it is the will of the people executed as it should, the problem is with the people for allowing such self destructive laws in effect. Most great societies fell because of stupid laws and general softness of their people.
Much like Turing in the 1950s , I hope his sentence becomes an example of what we should avoid in building better future societies. Surely there must be better ways to controlling crime other than imprisoning and maiming possibly innocent people. I mean what is the point of laws that cause more harm than they prevent?
@_date: 2019-02-27 18:25:51
Let us ignore that we literally live in a brave new world where fiat is king, where traditional economics cannot really tell us much.
Let us ignore it all and go by the book and expect the results that a book somewhere said what we should expect. And 1 times in 10 that those actually do happen we'd say "the book was right!" ... and we'd promptly ignore the other 9 that it was wrong.
In short, in economics what works is what works. Make no mistake there are overarching patterns , I'm just skeptical that there are people that know them or if they do that they understand them in great extend.
Debt based economics is an interesting experiment. As is bitcoin ("sound money"). What would eventually work is what would eventually work. No reason to expect anything in particular  because if you live long enough (like many of us already did) you'd be disappointed by your very expectations... The world will go on a waaaay different way than most of everyone expects at any point..  
@_date: 2019-10-01 06:34:46
To be fair naked prices don't tell much one way or another. Momentum does. It is possible that we bottomed at $7.7k from a pullback that started in June. If that is so and 8.5k is actually the first leg of a multi-week/month move, it does say a lot more than the last time we hit those levels. 
See, last time it was part of a move that started at $3k and the momentum was almost spent by the time we were at $8.5k. This time (if we indeed bottomed at $7.7k) we are at a start of a move which may well end up to ATH levels or beyond (after a few months or so).
That is why *this* $8.5k may mean a lot more than any other time (first time that it may be at a start of a multi-month move). Our floor is now higher...
@_date: 2019-06-26 21:37:40
Lol, people on this sub never learn. Every.single.time that Bitcoin goes vertical loses at least 50% of its value. In other words $7k (at the least) is incoming. Goddamn, you should be shorting rn ....
@_date: 2019-06-04 05:30:35
Except it actually *has to* retrace, the price went parabolic. The question was never "if" , the question was "when". And now seeing so many " hold" posts at once (way more than in the other dumps), I think we entered the weeks long retrace we expected so that the price would recover from the parabola it went through, hopefully establish a higher low and confirm the bull market. But yeah, first we have to retrace (*hard*) for the above to happen ...
@_date: 2019-02-10 15:45:51
My point is that solving the issue of (central) mining would incentivize more people to run full nodes. Miners pretty much have to run full nodes, the rest can well be "lazy" about it.
I don't think that Bitmain's fall does anything. It buys us time, but eventually a new overriding force will "do it right this time". I very much worry about the incentive structure of Bitcoin's version of PoW (one that is mined by professionals). 
While I can see your point about laymen running full nodes, we should also be able to get laymen (to) run mining nodes as well. Decentralized wallets will get you nothing if the network has other choke points. 
The bitcoin protocol pretty much expects decentralization in all facets of its function, if it fails in *that* it will fail in everything else it sought to do and IMO that is an issue 
@_date: 2019-06-16 13:06:41
...that we saw this price almost 2 years ago?
@_date: 2019-06-04 01:43:32
It is basically threads like this that make me think that this dip is legit. We had stronger dips a few days/weeks ago, but never got "calm down" post on the front-page so fast. It shows that people are actually worried, the dump that was ... "Prophesized" for so many weeks now, has finally begun most possibly. If so literally dumping everything and rebuying in a few weeks would be better than simply hodling on...
I mean I was unsure before I saw those posts. Every time I see hold posts I sell, most often than not I am correct. You can only make money in a market if you counter the general sentiment..
@_date: 2019-06-28 02:53:29
Actually I *was* bothered about the situation before reaching the top. If we did not have the "blow off top" action and instantly were to lose the last $3-$4k gains we were seriously entering Dec 2017 territory which actually lead us to 1 year of pain. We narrowly escaped it, literally, by avoiding a few more weeks of constant rise we probably saved us months , upon months of bearishness. 
We were literally saved by the bell, which means that the bull market is still at full sway, merely went to hibernation for a few weeks only for it to resume from there, hopefully at a lower pace (rebreaking $10k but at a meaningfully slow pace so that the market cana adjust to it)....
@_date: 2019-06-22 20:36:53
FOMO is bad news. It comes in the waning days of a bull market. The further we push the Fomo phase (that will inevitably come) the higher Bitcoin will reach.
Best news (for any asset really) is to be rising in price without much media or popular it is the ... Goldilocks zone. Known enough to have more buyers than sellers, not known enough to have people maxing credit cards en masse and the regulatory mess that comes with having people mass-maxing credit cards.
We better stay in this stage for years (I know it's impossible, eventually the FOMO crowd will kill our bull market, but I can always cross my fingers)...
@_date: 2019-06-08 15:41:06
Lol The energy of BTC's mining is the only reason it has any value at all. It is tied to the real world unlike most digital assets which one can produce them out of his a$$ and of course -one day- as easily they came into existence so easily they can go extinct.
Hard to produce assets are more cared for and harder to go extinct.
@_date: 2019-02-10 12:26:08
It makes little difference to decentralization. As long as Bitcoin is not crowd mined it will always have issues of tx taxing, possible tx censorship and will be open to malicious behavior no matter the amount of full nodes. It is the cost of mining nodes that should get down, full nodes carry far less influence to the network.
I mean I believe in the concept and one day it will take over the world. However it has to become more decentralized. The fact that it is the most decentralized coins out there tells me nothing, it is easy to be controlled by special interests still and I am not loaning electricity/hardware to such a project (by running a full node) unless I see more robust willingness to fight the encroaching centralization...
@_date: 2019-06-05 14:55:35
I was talking for the whole of his literary work (when I wrote "mostly sci-fi"), but yeah it is towards the end of the first book (and almost from the get go of the 2nd) , as I wrote in my above post ofc.
@_date: 2019-06-11 21:24:27
"Going back in time", implies moving to a smaller universe. Yeah, good luck with that, I.e. actually making the universe smaller (there is a thought experiment posted a couple of years back that basically proves going back in time to be as impossible as " falling away from a greater mass than you").
"Going forwards"? Sure, but whoever would want that?
If you are a photon time acts like an extra dimension, if you have mass ... it doesn't, you cannot reaaally travel through something that has no dimensionality
@_date: 2019-06-10 00:30:41
"Miners are well distributed across the globe..."
A few lines after
"60% are in China"
...priceless, lol.
I mean if we want an existential threat regarding Bitcoin, here's one: concentrated mining which can be overtaken by hostile government agencies. Government agencies that actually dislike Bitcoin's governance model/ideology...
@_date: 2019-06-04 08:16:15
World reserve currencies have never before used as an extension of the might of empires. If USD loses its status as a reserve currency then US is in deep sh*t. They fought wars even at the idea that someone may swap them (for Euros at the time).
The capacity that the US empire has to print money without it losing an equivalent value (as it would be predicted by the economic theory) *is* the way by which they feed their aristocracy. Not necessarily by increasing taxation (although lately they do that too), but by printing without recourse.
They won't allow it without first starting some major war. IMO Bitcoin can only survive if it does not posit itself as an alternative to the US dollar. A continuation of it? Maybe, but that would happen *only* is the US treasury has put its mittens to a majority of the supply, not unlike what they did with gold.
World politics trumps economics. If anything economics is a subset of politics the way world history went 'till now...
@_date: 2019-06-28 09:03:01
If you are such a disagreeable character why did you even bother to respond after so many days?
Two paragraphs are not an essay unless you are still in 5th grade. Is your education 5th grade level? You seem to have attention span issues.
Property tax is rent, it is unconstitutional if you are really willing to challenge it. It takes away your capacity to own land fully. You are not in a state of liberty...
@_date: 2019-06-14 08:36:39
Lol, obviously, I was making light of such articles that insist on putting pictures for everything even for easily imaginable concepts...
@_date: 2019-02-18 00:40:54
Hashrate actually fell for the first time in years (in November) and hasn't been moving up with any particular force since.
Also hashrate does not measure decentralization which is what actually gives Bitcoin security. Hashrate does show the willingness of people to invest into the Bitcoin network (through buying equipment / renting electricity/hashes), though, to be fair.
@_date: 2019-02-09 15:52:30
Gold prices are greatly manipulated by governments and such as well. Also BTC price action better not be like Gold's. I am not sure it can withstand a bear market that lasts almost a decade. Miners may eventually attack the network if such a thing happens (since they will be getting very little back through the rewards, they may try to cause upheaval and gain from that instead).
@_date: 2019-06-04 17:34:33
Yeah... The world should develop weapons that are in contest with US's... Until then: "USD all the way baby and if you don't like it I'll hit you in the head until you like it"
@_date: 2019-06-23 15:37:33
IMO it is also why the 2030's date is more probable to me. Too many are focused in the 2025-2026 halvening, on top of that by mid-late 20s we would be overdue for a recession which will play a negative role to all assets , lastly to reach higher and higher capitalizations is ever harder for an asset. So yeah we may do 100x in the early days as if it is nothing, however even a 10x would need years later on. So we may reach $100k soonish, but we may need another decade to go 10x that. The history of asset pricing is just that. An early surge and a slower (and slower) development later on... Only time can tell, no?
@_date: 2019-06-05 01:10:35
His musings about the future. At no point have humans been too well equipped to predicting the future, there is a field in literary history called paleo-futurism where you can see what people, pop culture and even intellectuals thought of their future in different epochs. In all instances (even that of academics) it resembled their present and could not envision new developments that were not at all obvious at the time yet eventually took over the world.
We don't know what "the next big thing" is because we *can't* know it. Still, he only ventures to the deep end towards the end of his first book. Most of it is fine, a reformulation of anthropology and eventually sociology, his ideas of the power of symbolic language are not new, but they are given in a way that laymen can understand, so all in all, it is a useful book to read for most (unless one is already acquainted with symbolic language and its interaction with human societies, in which case he/she won't read anything new).
His second book though is complete speculation that even goes counter at times to the hard problems that we are now finding in computer science and the field of artificial intelligence... It is mostly that I would call sci-fi, first one is solid anthropology mixed with sociology and some fiction...
@_date: 2019-06-11 07:48:24
You have a dif "Bitcoin Jesus" in mind
@_date: 2017-11-11 14:35:50
There's "de facto capitalism" and "in theory capitalism".
One has the cental banks , the other doesn't (the Austrian school and similar hated centralization of any kind as well).
In short the world "capitalism" is not a very useful term, it often means opposing things .
Bitcoin could well be called a tool of pure capitalism (i.e. one that is not adulterated by government interference)... but like I said the word capitalism on in itself is mostly of empty meaning given how many differing and often opposing ones it has got down the years...
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:04:32
Lol, if Bitcoin loses heavily on top of what it lost already it is a dead project. Miners would be leaving it en masse leaving it open to attacks. 
Sure it had  lower pricing in the past too, back then attacking was not as easy though. Right now we have standing armies of Miners which would either be written of as damages or (better yet) attack the network and benefit from the upheaval.
I always wonder with people thinking that Bitcoin has long ways (down) to go. They are basically predicting the death of Bitcoin given the current climate.. 
@_date: 2019-06-12 20:10:51
Do those people happen to be named Mark Zuckerberg and Zach Markeberg, by any chance?
@_date: 2019-10-02 06:07:01
I'm devastated...
@_date: 2019-02-10 19:13:02
I think you are the one that doesn't.
Difficulty adjusts down *because* miners get out out and stop mining producing opportunity costs to them and their business.
If Bitcoin is mined at break even rates right now and loses 70% of its price then it directly means that 70% of the miners have to switch off *which* in turn would make Bitcoin profitable for the rest 30% . Difficulty won't magically go down, it will come with blood and sweat.
If difficulty goes down the network opens itself up to attacks. You don't want difficulty to be going down. I think you have to study the incentive structure of Bitcoin better.
If Bitcoin loses 70% of its current difficulty it is in grave danger. This is far from a solution to anything. It *is* the danger.
@_date: 2019-06-07 03:24:20
Betting against a trend is not putting sense on anything. We can talk all day long about Bitcoin's fundamentals but at the end of the day the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent. Go where the market tells you to, not where your mind tells you to.
Obviously we may well see a trend change at *some* point but trying to pinpoint that point is suicide. The easiest money most of my peers made was by following the trend that Bitcoin set around 2012-2013, don't be a dummy...
@_date: 2019-02-11 07:45:10
Yeah, but I'd guess this sub is a tiny minority , so I'm telling people to not be like the majority. In a bear market they should sell the tops. The time to buy would be when we have definitely bottomed and re-enter a bull market.
@_date: 2019-02-11 00:25:09
It refers to a technical crowd that knows what mining is in the first place. It is an esoteric aspect of a scarcely understood mechanism.
A truly crowd mined coin would had found ways to implement mining in every day tasks like browsing the web/apps (giving out an API for websites to implement mining in place of ADs as method to accumulate revenue) or watching a movie (paying it via compute/mining instead of actual money).
IMO either Bitcoin has to follow into the (current) mobile economy and become a true part of it or another coin may do it first and in certain ways become more popular/usable than bitcoin (truly decentralized governance, better implementation in mobile environments).
@_date: 2019-06-23 11:08:35
Lol, at those waiting for FOMo to roll in. You really hate Bitcoin, don't you?
Let it grow in the shadows, pretty please. Last FOMO round crashed us 86%. No more, please... FOMO gains are fake gains and even take away from legit gains.
@_date: 2019-06-23 13:33:21
After the next halvening (not the upcoming one, but the one after) IMO, unless some 2009 style recession happens in between in which case it is pushed to the 2028-2030 window as the comic states.
This time around? 200-300k most probably and then a huge leg down to $50k so that to ... "Recharge"...
@_date: 2019-06-11 11:04:54
My point was mostly to prove that simple extrapolations of any kind are not going to give you much. 17.5 is half 35 and 8.25 is half of 17.5 . But again that is one of the many progressions one can try to "predict" future prices (to no avail)...
@_date: 2019-02-28 01:52:18
Because of all the ... "Demonic" attributes that has been attributed to Soros , this one is the only truthful one. Soros really does make his money though inside trading in speculators assets or times. He made a good billion through the price action of the pound for example because he knew inside information.
Most of those "great investors" are in fact manipulators of the public opinion (I fully expect Buffet to be loading up Bitcoin; every time he opens up his mout h about it he makes it cheaper for him) or plain old inside traders (like Soros). 
They are rich *because* you aren't. In a more civilized era the lot of them would started being thought as similar to scammers, because they honestly, all they do is social engineering of one way or another.
So yeah, Alex Jones may be batshit, but I can believe Soros asking from him to pump Bitcoin , it is the kind of things that Soros does and did in the past...
Of course nothing of all this says anything about Bitcoin, so it's a moot point. Merely try to explain where the "legend" of Soros' "evil" comes from (he is an inside trader and someone who tries to change public opinion one way or another).
@_date: 2019-02-10 11:57:39
Seriously though, never buy the dip in a bear market. It historically wrecks homes, it is wreckless behavior. In bear markets sell the surges , in bull markets buy the dips.
@_date: 2019-06-24 12:12:58
My issue with centralization of mining equipment is that they can attack the network if need be. They haven't yet and they may never do, however rolling Bitcoin back for a few months (say) would be catastrophic to Bitcoin.
I understand how hard such an attack would be. However a state actor could realistically pull it. For example China outlaws mining only to capture mining facilities and "shut them down". Instead of shutting them down though they repurposed them into mining an alt chain which by virtue of China currently having more compute power than the rest of the world combined, could outpace the main chain. OFC it would cost crazy amounts of energy, but again China (the state) can afford it given how cheaply they can get electricity if need be (for near zero cost really).
So yeah miners as they set and now may not be that much of a threat. The mining situation though could well develop into a problem.
IMO Bitcoin lost egalitarianism in its mining process. It is not mined by the people anymore and it can well bite it back in the future. Still better solutions are hardly on the horizon, so for the time being it is almost as good as it gets...
@_date: 2019-06-10 18:11:18
Again, I did not split Bitcoin in epochs. It is how its different inflation periods are named. IMO it is the only think that makes sense because it is right there in the code and probably the only thing that seems to lead the price instead of following it....
@_date: 2019-04-19 16:22:12
US economy is because we are in the midst of one of the greatest inflationary periods ever. Quantitive easing allowed for great amounts of money to be printed which are now being driven back to the real economy. Once the US economy absorbs all that you will see a revolutionary rise in (everyday) prices. It is the currency cavitations that is widely expected in this sub (one of the few opinions that I can say makes complete sense in this sub).
In other words things are going well because (ironically enough) not enough of the money that was printed has reached the hands of the many. Once it does things will overshoot below the mean and then back to it. There is a widely held belief that the next crisis would be a currency crisis. The incredible amounts of fiat that have been printed are not being reflected to the real economy yet, once they (will) do sh*t will hit the fan.
@_date: 2019-06-03 08:05:27
I'm not the most ardent fan of representative democracy. My comment history that spans almost a decade under this nickname includes some quite disparaging pronouncements about it. 
However I am mostly critical of its limits, not its current practice. See we have not even got to its limits because all the while such a system does give us tools to punish bad actors within we hardly use them. By that of course I mean having the capacity to depose a perceived bad actor (I.e. one that goes directly against our perceived values and most of all the reasons that we got him/her elected). Being deposed, basically fired from a position certainly cannot and should not act towards the betterment of your CV. Connections or not
Secondly, especially in the US I cannot be convinced that there are absolutely no voices that more closely mirror the will of the people. It is the country with one of the least ideological/political polyphony . Take any random European country, or indeed from most places in the world and you'd get your garden variety nationalists, to near-communists all under the same roof and not only that, they'd actually vote against laws that go against their perceived values. The homogeneity you speak of, is again the will of the people not wanting to vote for alternatives.
Now again, I am not saying that actually exercising representative democracy to its fullest will solve all problems, or even most, but it is far better than the oligarchy that you seemingly describe in your (long) post.
Getting a guy like "Dread Pirate Roberts" in jail could actually cost you your political career in other countries (for voting such dimwitted laws). Heck I know of similar situations in fact in at least two separate states. In the US the system on one hand seems more stable (which is practical) but also less representative of the will of the people, at least given the way that the people choose to exercise their right in choosing their representatives.
Try to do that stuff in Switzerland or even Sweden and see your whole career going down the drain.
As for the moral duty of the people: The only moral duty anybody has is towards the ideas (s)he deemed important. If it is a well working society , then yeah, actively punishing the bad politicians is part of your work.
@_date: 2019-04-26 02:21:26
That makes no sense, it is free for brave to print coins (basically), which is why their scheme make sense. You cannot print BTC willy nilly, you have to find the funds somewhere and I doubt that advertisers are willing to pay the users.
The only reason that the BAT scheme works is *exactly* because the advertisers do not actually pay the users. The users is from whom (the advertisers) make money, it would had been absurd to pay them...
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:29:44
Weird, people don't choose them in other countries/cultures end masse ... I wonder why that is.
When something becomes a social norm there is not a lot of choice on the matter. Also I'm not from the US, so I accepted none of that. I am always surprised at how many loans are needed before leading a normal life in the US. That is definitely an american thing, haven't seen anywhere else (and I've moved through quite many counties in my life).
@_date: 2019-04-18 17:04:22
Again you have to travel, it is the only way to let your bigotry out. I told you before and I am telling you again, personal loans are socially sanctioned to the US like in no other country. Travel and you'd agree with me, else you'd remain thinking those telling you the truth are bigots, probably mirroring your own bigotry.
Indebted youth is a US phenomenon. Private debts happens all over the place, but that is not how people start their lives, it has more to do with people starting their business and in general being in debt due to some calculated risk/reward strategy, only in US have I seen debt to be the default route in so many lives. And no recounting my experiences is not bigotry, it is enlightening you.
@_date: 2019-04-20 13:44:10
You said that 
I -on the other hand- said: **In US there is such thing called "debt/loan slavery"**
Which I qualified further (in the following posts) that it is a social more not something recquired by law. I.e. people feel pressured by their peers to do it.
 And I ended up by saying that by far the country with the most indebted youth that I have encountered is US.
That's good in times that money is cheap and repaying those debts is easy, it will basically put them in chains come recession...
Hardly a controversial statement, I don't know what you are on about.
@_date: 2019-04-18 20:48:05
If you did travel then you'd know that people do not get loans to study, if you did travel then you'd know that people do not get mortgages when young (below the age of 30) and if they do it would be because the interest rates are especially low for them and them alone. Young people in Europe (for example) prefer to rent instead of buying and indebting themselves. Similarly in Asia they only buy things later in life when they amassed enough wealth. Buying your way to (your early) life and indebting yourself is one the most distinctly American things that I have encountered in my travels and/or while living in different countries.
Now I cannot know who is behind those social mores, I can only speculate, but it sure does lend to a population that is surprisingly eager to give their valuable time to work for others (nothing wrong with that if it is truly a choice, plenty of wrong if one is pushed to that).
@_date: 2019-04-28 08:23:25
Only issue is that "Golden cross" is probably what started the dump so it is short term bearish *because* it causes a relatively large mass of people to be bullish.
Also it happened almost a week ago, so I don't see the relevance to post it now. 20 sma didn't hold meaning more dump coming our way, why is the poster only referencing the 20 EMA?
Point is that charts can be read both ways. Presenting information on in itself is neutral, however only presenting the kind of information that confirms your narrative is dangerous at best.
After several weeks of upside bitcoin has a bearish bias, sure you can read the charts in such a way to show you the opposite but fact of the matter is that nobody knows. The order books are so thin that a single person choosing to put a multimillion $ buy or sell order would be enough for the market to break whichever way that person wants it to be. In such low volume assets TA is like reading a goat's entrails. 
Truthful answer is "nobody knows", short term bearish, long term bullish. That is IMO the more honest assessment of our current situation which still says very little...
@_date: 2019-04-18 02:41:57
Socially? Most if not all of them. I lived in the US for a couple of years, I was shocked to see how many people where indebted almost from the get go. Like I said this is an American thing. BTW you have to travel more before calling people you don't know names. The difference between american youth and youth from other other countries, in that regard, is shocking. I just can't believe that said indebtness is not by design and in part a form of social control. People do not get in debt organically, there is a clear plan to force young people to try to be as productive as they can possibly be (by basically lighting a fire underneath them)...
@_date: 2019-04-22 07:08:17
July 2015. It lead to the sep (2015) lows.
Which means that if history repeats itself once we get the cross we revisit the Dec lows (a bit of how September 2015 lead to the revisit of Jan lows of that year, almost)
@_date: 2019-04-26 15:23:07
When you are being sued, then you are being sued. Let the legal system to determine who is in fault of who isn't.
The whole situation is such a fluff piece and irrelevant with everything and everyone apart from those using Bitfinex. 
You should know that every time you post such things and take it waaay out of proportion some whale will use the news to cover some massive liquidation he had in mind for months. So basically those FUD pieces give cover to those who really want to decrease the value of your holdings. Be less irresponsible and assess the problem for what it is: a possible issue for those that use Bitfinex. Nothing else for anyone else...
@_date: 2019-04-21 18:08:11
What is? Posting proof that youth indebtness is a social more? That was my point from the get go. Reread my first post.
@_date: 2019-04-24 22:40:06
2017 came after 2 years of continuous rise in the price of bitcoin. It better not be like the end of that bull because it would mean that we are getting back to back bear markets which can set back this market for years at least. I much prefer to believe that we are waaay before the 2017 late surge, 2015ish more like, sideways with an upwards bias. It would allow time for people to accumulate but above all it would allow for a full 4 year cycle (bear-accumulation- rise-surge ... rinse and repeat)
@_date: 2019-04-30 06:12:16
Asic mining is not supposed to be profitable for regular people, it is a cashgrab of the asic manufacturers (that have almost zero asic construction costs). It is the one thing that I think will always haunt Bitcoin and the one thing that the original creator(s) did not find a way to guard against. Crowd mining is and will always be a pipe dream for Bitcoin and IMO where it may faulter in the long term. In everything else IMO it is head and shoulders above all else (resistance to hard forks, not easy to be taken into personal cult rides...)
@_date: 2019-04-22 05:17:54
No it does predict a dump indeed. If history repeats itself we are expecting a 30-40% dump. Last bear market when the "golden cross" happened Bitcoin dumped like crazy.
It's merely weird that people think that it is good news (I guess if you short it is good news). It is either neutral or (extremely) negative.
@_date: 2019-04-09 06:12:12
It is overextended, a correction should be expected TBH.
@_date: 2019-04-19 07:05:51
People will do what is strongly suggested to them . (truly) free will is mostly a myth anyway. Even you not falling in those traps (as I suppose you imply) has -most probably- less to do with your "free will" and More with your upbringing and genes even.
Doesn't change my initial observation, I.e. that people in US understand the overarching more as one that leads to debt slavery.
@_date: 2019-04-09 09:40:52
IMO that right there should bother everybody. The only way that Bitcoin works long term is if the creation of the blocks and the validation of the transactions return to average Joes. 
The harder and more expensive it gets for average people to be involved the more it will be what special interests would do. Down the decades special interests have the capacity to consolidate into some big cartel and eventually a singular player.
IMO this is the greatest existential threat to Bitcoin. Not fees, not "banks" (or whoever the "competitor" is), it is becoming the monster it sought to fight.
I disagree with Monero's method of trying to keep the cost of mining close to what an average Joe can "pay" and participate , but I agree with them being able to identify it as a problem and understand it as probably *the* problem long term...
@_date: 2019-04-21 03:07:14
Lol are you serious? Your debt is in all time highs. Student debt in particular is far worse than how I remember it (from 10 years ago):
I am sure the mortgage numbers would be equally incriminating if I am to search for them, you are pathological spenders, only saved by the rosy market. Next recession would make the last one seem a walk in the park.
@_date: 2019-04-30 22:09:57
Lol, tax laws in US are kind of retarded, whoever votes those? You are basically admitting that the government owes you partly or wholly (in case that you have to fill foreclosure just because the government overtaxed you).
I mean I can understand paying tax on consumption, heck even tax on profits (revenues - costs), but actually taxing revenues (basically what taxing mining rewards is as it does not take it in accordance the costs of it nor its real profits , I.e. date of sale revenues - date of production costs). That's a recipe to centralize mining to very few entities that know how to sidestep those taxes (say they are out of country). A great recipe to basically kill PoW coins.
@_date: 2019-04-18 08:26:39
My first sentence... I.e. it is not truly voluntary
@_date: 2019-04-14 13:28:20
Then tax consumption. Why should anyone tax production, I never understood that, you are basically telling people we are theiving you part of your productivity. If someone produces makes a healthy profit and then buries his winnings he should be free to do it. He already gave back by building a healthier economy/society.
If on the other hand one wants to live luxuriously by buying yachts , cars and what have you , tax him. Basically tax everything that can be consumed, tax nothing that produces or aids to production. You can still build a heft tax revenue in that way, enough to build roads, hospitals even have a social net for the less fortunate. 
My feast is that by taxing production you penalize the wrong people, all the way rewarding deep bureaucracy. IMO it's doubly wrong. Taxing can be legitimate, but IMO it is not the way most countries do it.
@_date: 2019-04-03 11:39:37
Most/all things are denominated in USD meaning that everything moves alongside USD (when compared to BTC).
If indeed USD was to be falling as compared to BTC then you'd see prices rise in USD and remain constant in BTC. Instead what happens is that products get cheaper in BTC, because BTC is the weaker currency for the time being. We are used to call the value of things as compared to some "standard candle". At this point in history said " standard candle" is USD, in the future it may be BTC. Until then it is correct to say that BTC rose (because it rose compared to everything and anything you can buy with BTC) as opposed to "USD fell"....
@_date: 2019-04-22 14:05:53
No reason to believe that the bull market would be a repeat of the last one. The bear market -though- really does mirror the last one for the most part -though. So a dump before the actual start of the bull market could well be expected. No better timing than a "golden cross" when everyone is expecting an increase in price..
@_date: 2019-04-20 03:57:25
I already answered this question in my first post. I have no idea what you're on. Comparing and contrasting does not make one prejudiced, it opens minds. Like there is no concept of lifelong indebtness to most countries, this is an American thing, the fact that you escaped it doesn't mean that many or indeed most did.
@_date: 2019-04-17 11:29:43
In US there is such thing called "debt/loan slavery".
Basically people become indebted through the college loan, or house mortgage or whatever which in turn is what drives a lot of their lives decisions. There is the understanding by some amount of people that those things are forms or popular control.  
The alternative would be for the state to provide higher eduction and housing (so that one would not be indebted to anyone), but in that case the state has to be powerful which is not preferred by many of the same people that believe that a state of debt slavery has become the new norm.
Of course what that fails to take into account that it more of a American norm (to take a loan for both your house and your education), than is it a necessity. In many if not most countries, you don't buy a house unless you have the money for it, you don't go to higher education unless you have the money for it. If anything it is the loan cultures that indebts people , fiat deflation (in value each year) is actually helping with repaying those loans often enough rather than the other way around...
@_date: 2019-04-18 08:47:54
Socially required, both mortgage and high education loans . Technically none is required, it doesn't matter. The world is built by defacto statements (I.e. people are socially required to get loans in US) , not dejure ones.
So by law none is required, the law doesn't matter... People will do as their neighbours will and their neighbours will as what the overarching social theme indicates , I.e. what people in this sub call "debt slavery".
@_date: 2019-04-18 10:07:20
I don't recall using the term "wage slavery", not even aware what it means.
" Debt slavery" I know what it means, it describes the people's belief that there are social mores which puts people in debt which in turn causes them to work for life (a bit of what old slavery used to do).
In fact historically speaking most of all slavery was debt slavery. People would become slaves once they were unable to pay their debts. The slave trade is a bit of a newer phenomenon. Most slaves within a society were debt slaves. So that part hasn't changed, we just don't call them slaves anymore.
In reality work is voluntary, one can choose whether he/she wants to be part of society at large or live off the land. We are not truly social creatures, or rather we are social by necessity, not instinct which is why forced socialization in the form of certain forms of slavery is frawned upon...
Anyway the sense of debt slavery is an american thing and don't think it is an issue to most of the world. So actually most people around the world are not "debt slaves" (I.e. *forced* to work so that to not end up in jail). My initial post was meant to be critical to the universality of the concept. For some reason the american mores puts people in debt (I.e. forces them to work)
And yes rent is much better. In an event of house prices' cavitation you do not end up with the *necessity* to work. Same with student loans, it necessitates that people work just afterwards. Not travel to broaden their horizons, not trying to open a business first, *work* for some random guy , or another, pledge allegiance. That is an american thing. That and the prison culture (cheap/slave labour)
@_date: 2019-04-26 11:10:18
Why should every market move be connected with some news piece?
I find the opposite to be true. Market does something and then people search for the news to make sense of the move.
BTW the move today (5500 -&gt; 5100ish, is basically the exact same as the one we had in 11th of April (5400ish -&gt; 5000).
In other words, get over it , that's how crypto markets move. It most probably has nothing to do with Tether, some whale merely used the news to form a sell wall (he would had sold anyway, we seemingly temporarily topped at 5600ish and on our way down) and move the attention away from him.
In other words calm yo' tits. I honestly hope the lot of you are new here, because 5% moves are nothing to crypto and should not be of anyone's concern. 
If anything the dump has more to do with the so called "golden cross" (made people bullish and bullishness translates into bear breaks in markets, I.e. the markets do the opposite than the general sentiment). Did tell you we'd have a dump a few days ago BTW. FUD or not we got the same dump in 2015 ("Golden cross" -&gt; Bitcoin lost 40% ; those "golden crosses" are easily some of the most bearish news in the Bitcoin market)
@_date: 2019-04-20 05:24:21
What do you mean by that, defacto or dejure (by law)?
@_date: 2019-04-19 04:23:01
You don't need some grand conspiracy for those things to take over. Merely a positive feedback loop, namely indebting people is causing them to follow the money more (because they need it), which in turn dicincentivizes those in control of those programs to pull them. Think of them as a "meme" (in its original meaning) an infectious more that is taking over the country.
BTW you made money off your mortgage because we live during one of the most disruptive periods in anyone's lifetime, every form of investment flares up, all the while interest rates are almost zero for the longest time. Obv you would make money off speculative things in such a period, heck people -here- made a fortune off Bitcoin, that should tell you something...
Still it is a bad way to go about on anything. Lived in your country 'bit before your time and I can tell you a myriad stories of people defaulting on their mortgages and having their lives wrecked. If you seek them out they are currently in their forties working in some mid-low level job having had to start from 0.
 This is a cycle, you probably belong to the lucky in-between generation where indebting themselves didn't impact them too negatively, next one will be in for a ride (as was the last one).
Like I said , indebtiteness is stupid. Yeah, it works some of the times (say your investment grows) but most often than not it doesn't. Debt enslaves people, and more people than ever are indebted (take a look at private debts among the countries). So yeah, all those programs the American youth are in will blow up in the next recession, those people's lives will reset. Not many people these days realize how painful 2008 was to a whole generation and the only reason that we avoided a full blown depression, 1929 style was/is because of the ... printing press. We are basically building a pyre even bigger than 2009's and hoping that we won't be around when it decides to burn all.
The hope for Bitcoin (and other Cryptos prolly) IMO is that will manage to create a cushion against the coming implosion. I e. If part of the wealth of the people have already turned into hard money by next recession we may be lucky enough to soften the blow. Economically speaking we are heading to an unprecedented catastrophe thank god solutions are being developed as we speak (IMO Bitcoin is part of them) that will let us survive, but if let to its own devices (I.e. without some external disruption) we may well create the breeding ground of some major global war (I.e. a prolonged economic crisis, 1930s style).
Point being that just because it worked for you, doesn't make it a good strategy or indeed one that will survive long term...
@_date: 2018-11-20 22:46:43
The latency between nodes has to do with the roundabout trip between the pool and your miner. Depending on your place on the map (say east coast) it can be up to 1 sec (the roundtrip mind you). That is a lot even when dealing a 10 minute block time.  It puts out one miner's worth of hash every 600 miner's worth of hash being sent. And that's at a minimum.
It is not the type of efficiency one leads to lose. Also moving to China means no import taxes on the hardware (miners). We definitely have a case of mining equipment centralization in China. It makes the most sense to mine from there.
A 0 tx allowed attack makes a lot of sense if you have also shorted bitcoin on a derivatives' market. In fact the more liquid bitcoin becomes, the more sense it would make. Basically having the public financing your attack, a double spend too if needs be.
Is it me , or suddenly decentralization doesn't matter? Because if it doesn't then let us not be alarmed that positive feedback loops would eventually end us with 1-2 big players basically barring everyone else from entering the space.
@_date: 2018-11-18 01:03:18
Asic mined coins are not meant to be home mined IMO. So yeah, it is profitable for those that is meant to be profitable for.
BTW if you want to home mine try something that uses non-exotic parts. Say CPU only minable projects (a threadrippers pays you $2 per day on some of them for example)
**Edit:** To those that voted me down. Asic mining is indeed very profitable for those that pay less that 5c in electricity. It happens to be the case that those are not Asic miners.
@_date: 2018-11-22 03:11:20
Checkpoints have not been put to BTC for ages. It would definitely have a similar effect (as an attack would) to BTC's name as some central party would basically decide which chain is the right one which is very much the opposite than letting the hash consensus to decide.
It would be "cheap" to pull off such an attack on a weak network (say 10 EH/s), especially if you take in account the opportunity cost of the attacking nodes (if they remain idle they are basically losing money too) *and* the mass benefits that such an attack would do to your open shorts 
@_date: 2018-11-29 23:34:32
Of course you can do that, if you are to use an adaptive PoW.
Bitcoin can't do that because it is using a fixed PoW. But yeah you *have to* be able to do that, esle you'd have issue in the futures. 
There'd be many more occasions where difficulty would need to fall (a lot) exposing the network to attacks. By adapting the PoW first you are at least (also) "nerfing" the vectors of attack.
@_date: 2018-11-06 03:45:57
Lol, sounds like cheating to me.
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:47:02
It's exquisitely bad news. It implicitly equates all cryptos, basically saying that there is no space in that market other than tomfoolery. IMO blanket bans are akin to bad acts, it shows bad faith towards a new market.
Of course most of those bans came with a caveat (i.e. the ads can well return once the picture is clearer). But still it shows that societies are not ready for cryptos. For better or worse the big tech companies are as influential as governments, maybe more so , and if they show a semi hostile face, it is not good news, at least not in the short term.
IMO the correct response is vetting in case by case basis. For example scams like bitconnect should had been persecuted before being allowed to do so much harm in so many lives, all the while legitimate projects like -maybe- the Ethereum network should be addressed under a different light. 
If one needs to advertise a decentralized form of database that runs within the ethereum network and offer it as a secure alternative to extant databases at a fraction of the cost, IMO should be allowed to advertise on the Internet (its main vectors of advertising), because there is possibly demand for it.
A blanket ban implies that there is not and/or we won't let it exist. It's bad news.
@_date: 2018-11-05 06:54:30
And what happens once the central authority pulls the rug under them. Corruption is not unheard of in Africa, IMO it is for that reason that they need a far less corruptible system (one that is hard/expensive to be corrupted).
@_date: 2018-11-24 20:12:25
Well ETH just went from 1500 to 120 (currently). It certainly looks like the end over there. I think alts are already in that phase, and Bitcoin is rapidly approaching it.
IMO it would be crucial to see how the market would behave *now*. If we continue falling with as much volume maybe we have to start thinking that we are worse than we were in 2015. Ideally we'd continue sideways allowing time for the market to gather strenth.
@_date: 2018-11-01 12:23:55
Why don't you simply buy it? You are literally paying more for mining a bitcoin rn (if you also take in account the coat of your equipment)
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:16:27
Yeah, I'm such a noob that I'm in this space from 2011. Probably read the whitepaper before even you knew what Bitcoin is.


Because it is not? A 1000x Bitcoin cannot be a thing. It will place Bitcoin at 80 trillion. That's the whole of M2 Money supply. There is simply not enough money in the world for Bitcoin to 1000x.
For a sh*tcoin with valuation of 100k there is obviously enough space to shoot for the moon. 1000x would mean a mere 100m valuation by the end of it.
It is the law that always existed on economics . Smaller projects are more volatile than larger ones. It is like telling you that a motorcycle can move more freely on the highway than a 18 wheeler. That is not a specific prediction, that is a mere observation. I am not telling you which motorcycle to choose , nor am I telling that the 18 wheeler won't maneuver at all in the future, I just told you that there is more money to be made in alts if you know what you are doing. The same is true for penny stocks. It was always so.
@_date: 2018-11-28 05:10:19
It was always the case, literally nothing has changed at this point to make bitcoin dumber now than it was in 2015. If it is dumb now (that is more technologically advanced) it was *certainly* dumb in 2015.
If it was a smart investment in 2015, it is smarter now (again, technically it is more advanced)... etc
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:21:11
Obviously I got lucky. As did millions of others. There is more money to be made in more speculative assets. Duh.
That is *exactly* what I am telling you. The guy wants to make money, not invest to whatever is not cancer. People became millionaires out of pets.com.  Sure the website shutdown, does it matter to them? No, they are crying all the way to Seychelles rn...
@_date: 2018-11-07 19:15:47
The market moves in periods. 00s was part of the same period/phenomenon. Started with tech stocks ended with real estate.
We are in growth period, no way we have a crash so soon after a low  period. The S&amp;P 500 chart (inflation adjusted) makes this more clear: 
Then again it's good that normies expect a crash in the markets. It is basically one of the reasons that we are buffered by it. When by a majority of people (or even a strong minority) it most often than not... not coming.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:31:18
The price is like 8x than what it was about this time of the year, last year. What happened was a correction to a parabolic curve that happened in December and that's it (we're in November levels still)... That is not tanking.
BTW it is mostly irrelevant since payment processors immediately turn the funds into fiat, so the price really doesn't enter into it.
It's bad news for bitcoin adoption regardless...
@_date: 2018-11-16 14:51:44
I don't think we should brace ourselves, what is coming is pretty predictable. From the get go there was always two possibilities. Either this is a shorter winter where we find a bottom early on (February) and slowly creep upwards (in lows). Or it is a longer one where we continuously keep hitting lower lows.
 Up to last week it seemed that we were in the first category, this week we definitely know that we aren't. We just hit a lower low almost a year into the bear market, after the market had already lost 70% . it seems clear to me that this is the worst possible news for those expecting a brief winter.
We just bought another year at least in this mess. I don't know who this Kelly guy is, but he is possibly in the wrong line of work. A market that constantly sheds value and hits a lower low even so deep in a bear market , is a fundamentally weak market. Without gaining back strength there is no upside in this market. One should short if he wants to make money and even then you need to time it lest you get liquidated.
@_date: 2018-11-22 01:59:13
Exactly my point . A contingent plan should always exist, especially seeing how damaging hashrate wars can be and were (lately).
A PoW fork would always be at the ready (as a BIP or otherwise) in case that it may be needed. It is certainly not something that should be built "at the spot". Even have test runs of it despite the fact that it may never be needed. Better be ready than sorry.
@_date: 2018-11-04 07:07:35
I find curious how Carlos Matos is the only one who escaped the fate of Bitconnect.
Pretty much anyone else associated with that coin has probably burnt his/her reputation for life. Yet Carlos Matos  is almost universally liked. People do not seem to hold him accountable despite pushing one of the worst scams of the last decade or so (don't forget that BCC was a top 20 coin at some point. Definitely lured way too many people).
Never truly got why. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 03:34:49
I said the energy issue is blown out of proportion, not the energy usage. The energy usage may be too, but it's not that much energy anyway for the possible efficiencies that it provides.


On a 2nd Layer. Look what lightning tries to do. Basically what exchanges do (on a more centralized manner), Liquid , Bakkt and many others.


No need , everything is public


No scams regarding Bitcoin. For a reason too, the blockchain is public. One would be stupid to run a scam that identifies him.


I don't think we say the same thing. I said "technology is not here yet" (second layers), you say uses.
But in fact both would help
@_date: 2018-11-24 22:12:50
Why not 1800. Or maybe 300 , or maybe 0?
You keep pulling numbers out of your a$$. There is no fundamental reason for it to bounce as there was no fundamental reason for it to break support at 6k.
Things happen at random and after the fact people come back and give them credence.
BTW, $2.7k is 87% below the top of Dec 2017. That is exactly the amount Bitcoin lost in 2014. But back then Bitcoin was 1/10th of what it is today , meaning that it is not maturing at all so it keeps the same volatility through its life.
IMO that is extremely negative for an asset that looks to mature. It *has* to look  towards lower volatility. Else it means that the space is not moving forwards .
@_date: 2018-03-08 19:23:26
I mean how did this happen.
The trustee said that he last sold more than a month ago. Why should the market crash now? If anything it is implied that he sold enough to satisfy the primary needs of the bankruptcy process. Which means that the market is irrational for the sake of being irrational.
 Cryptos' market cap is in 5th of February levels, without the actual selling that took place then. Apparently even phantom selling influences the market ... good god what  a lightweight market...
@_date: 2018-11-05 15:40:51
What constitutes a "close" on 24h markets?
I mean depending on the time you choose as a "close" you would be able to make wildly different conclusions, no?
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:52:30
IMO the move started in 2010 and ended in 2011. Mid 2010 Bitcoin was changing hands at a few pennies.
Death may be not . But it would certainly put Bitcoin in trouble and probably in danger (if attacking it becomes profitable).
@_date: 2018-11-19 12:29:08
Then what are you doing here?
Nah, the solving of the Byzantines general problem is *that* important. Reminds me of TCP/IP's packet switching in elegance. I rank tech, not popular understanding of a thing. The later follows the former with some lag.
@_date: 2018-11-30 23:19:45
Does he honestly believe that electronic computing can be a match even in principle to chemical computing?
We have an 20w supercomputer in our heads which can do the type of pattern recognition that not even our most advanced models of possible (future) computing can replicate.
Electronic computers are great for serial computation, bit let's not overrate them. If we actually want robotic overlords we may need to pass into biological computing, because it is clearly the more capable medium. But we are nowhere near in starting with that, much less expect it to surpass humans.
Bitcoin is mostly a future tech alright, but it is desicevely referring to human use. Computers, even if they were able to overtake the truly complex tasks, they would still not need or care about a method of commerce which tries to mimick human money (I.e. bitcoin)....
@_date: 2018-11-24 18:50:42
Again I said that it has *some* characteristics of a penny stock. Not all.
If it gains higher volatility w higher volume then it will gain a second negative characteristic of penny stocks, which is why I honestly hope that it does not below 3k and below 4k already would be dangerous zone.
@_date: 2018-11-02 05:01:31
In the article it was clearly said that its primary use would be a bringer of liquidity.
Since Banking is not a thing in vast swathes of sub Saharan Africa it makes sense. For example you wish to import some parts from neighbouring countries so that to set up a business. In so far that neighbouring countries have access to crypto (either by accepting it as a legal tender or by offering fiat/crypto pairs) then you can readily pay though crypto.
If this works it would be huge. It would be proven that not only the banking system is a fossil for developing economies but straight unneeded. Banking the unbanked was always a promise for Bitcoin and we may see the first waves of it becoming a reality.
A bit of how mobiles instead of computers or landlines taking over the sub Saharan African societies, we may now see a similar trope with crypto taking over liquidity and banking. Maybe all it is needed for places of such vast resources to boom is liquidity and maybe crypto would finally bring it to them by connecting them to an ever expanding international market.
I'm personally much more excited by such developments than anything that crypto can presently achieve on the western world.
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:37:53


Yes. That holds true when you compare 1 million traders vs 1000 traders as well.


Higher and higher volatility on low volumes indicates a regression. It can and will spell trouble for Bitcoin. All pennyastocks go with a highly volatile period before dying. You are in denial. 
BTW I am not saying that this is what will happen to Bitcoin. I have more reasons to believe that it will survive than less. But the almost religious adherence that some people have to it in here is definitely one of the things that makes me think that it may not survive. If I was not to receive so many "thirsty" comments I would had been from more optimistic about the future of Bitcoin.
You do know that it is in its speculative phase, still. No? Projects sometimes die while still in this phase. Right?
@_date: 2018-11-17 02:10:32
I mean how? Monero forked Asics already and the other 3 are close to accepting ProgPoW as the alternative to their respective algos. This will never ROI.
A fancy space heater?
@_date: 2018-11-20 21:04:12
That makes no sense. Due to latency issues you get a lot of bad shares if you point your miner to the other side of the world.
Most miners *have to* relocate to China so that to get the low latency + low variance that the big pools give them. So yeah you have to assume that the vast majority of those miner are in China and probably -geographically- a lot close to each other, again for latency issues.
Also to apply pressure you don't need to shut down nothing. In fact you can promise protection if you are allowed part of the pie which is exactly where the troubling part starts.
If part of the pie is belonging to (basically) official entities and the vast majority of it is within a few miles then of courses they have an influence.
A miner node, BTW, *is* a full node. It is possible to create a bigger chain that includes no transactions and basically atop the network from functioning. In fact if you own 80% of the network it is a play thing to do such a thing.
And in fact that is the issue. Too much power exerted from one place in particular. Things are not too bad but there is no telling how far worse they can get.
@_date: 2018-11-30 01:46:25
Since Bitcoin's security level is literally controlled by its price, they can indirectly kill by making it highly unprofitable to mine for the vast majority of miners so they'd have to switch off. Some of them would be tempted tot make advantage of the (now) low difficulty , attack the network and inside trade (so make back the capital losses they had to go through in an extended bear market).
But then again one has to ask "how much control do they really have over the network".
@_date: 2018-11-29 19:15:03
If it still as variable in price even with such a huge marketcap (1mil to 100k) I do not expect BTC to survive much after that.
As an asset matures variance in price gets lower. If it is kept high then said asset is still and far away from finding its price. But at those high prices it can't/couldn't be the case (it would be nearing the limits of the total world money supply). So even if those high numbers are not its price, it means its real price is waaaay lower.
It is for that reason why I think that a fall below 3.5k would be bad and below 3k possibly disastrous. You just can't be as volatile as ever as your price goes up. If "you" still are, then something is not right.
Thankfully, historically, bitcoin is getting less volatile. A break below 3k would signal otherwise though. Many people are pretty much *expecting* a break below and thus the possibly demise of Bitcoin (w/t even knowing).
@_date: 2018-11-21 16:59:47
IMO if we go far lower it can show that BTC is already losing it.
As an asset is maturing its swings are getting smaller.
So we went from $0.05 to $32 (which was insane)
And back to $2 again
Then we went to $1150 (disregard the $259-$45 action never fell below the 200 daily so it was part of the $2 - $1150 move)
And back to $160 again
And from there we vaulted to $20k
By necessity this fall should be lower than the $1150 - $160 one (percentage wise)
Meaning that we should be bottoming out just about here. If we don't if we really go below $3k in fact I think it's troublesome for the long term survival of BTC. It shows that societally didn't take hold. Its volatility goes up, thus regressing. That would be a very bad look.
Without knowing it some people expect for BTC to regress in this bear and if it does I am of the belief that it will never recover.
IMO we're closer to a bottom than most believe. But if we aren't then ... tough luck for BTC.
@_date: 2018-11-24 23:58:25
You never saw this.
The market had a 800 billion market cap, which is about 16 actual billion being put into the market (the relation is about 1 in 50).
So the cryptomarket had people/funds/companies 16 billion deposited to it.
The crypto market is around 100 billion rn. Or $2 actual billion.
14 billion went away. Removed from the market. Never before so much money has flown away from the market. In 2014 was a a few hundreds million and in 2012 was a few million at most.
I'm "here" (on and off) from 2011. Never saw this much catastrophe before. If you did, be my guest to point out.
Despite all that we're still an order of magnitude lower than the tech bust of 2000.
Meaning that the space has the capacity to lose 10 times more (i.e. build an even more giant bubble than the last one). But first it has to survive this ... and thus far it doesn't seem to be doing it...
@_date: 2018-11-18 15:09:47
"decentralized P2P money" is a type of commodity.
Still, we are not there yet (quite obviously). So I dunno what you're talking about.
Oh and we will never reach that if Bitcoin is not widely adopted in at least *some* level. ETFs bring adoption. Whatdayaknow.. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 15:07:48
It happens in crashes. Once BTC has found a bottom and finally stops falling searches would go back down because BTC will stop being a short/drama opportunity.
IMO nothing to see hear. Bitcoin trends are only useful when there is a sustain trend towards one direction. And at this point the general direction is down (despite the me momentary peak)
@_date: 2018-11-06 07:25:33
If first layer is centralized god help you though. You can decentralize the 2nd layer as much as you like but eventually it all gets settled on the first layer.
Actually I am with Peter Todd in this. Asic operators and manufacturers represent a danger to Bitcoin, one that may not be overcome long term. I think the spam attacks and the contentious forks were just the beginning. It is still very profitable for them to mine bitcoin. What happens when we have a long lasting downturn and pool profits are really cut and growth is not very probable for at least some years for big asic manufacturers?
If they seem perfectly capable of forking bitcoin and then supporting the forked version, what else are they ready to do in extreme circumstances?
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:29:13
Scammers have rights. You can't just harass them! If you were in the midst of operating a bank heist and a police officer came and shook you , would you not press charges, feel that your very person is being insulted?
It seems obvious to me that the scammer felt the same and asked from Twitter to ban you. Those are very hard working people trying to separate other people's hard earned cash from their person. It is a hard and demanding work. Next time be more careful before harassing such hard working people.
@_date: 2018-11-04 08:43:16
Lost chance. He could actually embed a mini miner and use the free electricity that the bicycle can basically create (through the amount of energy *not* converted to kinetic energy) to actually pay for using it .
That way both the one who owns it is happy (is paid by bitcoins) and the one who uses it is happy (pays nothing but the work he was already going to exert).
Win-win situation.
@_date: 2018-11-23 02:53:24
The energy issue is blown out of proportion. 1 transaction on chain can mean 100000 transactions off chain. Bitcoin can well be a settlement layer of 2nd layer transactions. It's not as if the settlement of the swift network is very efficient either. And on that you have to add the energy wasted on audits , checks and balances, law enforcement, etc, regarding the flow of money. On a predetermined blockchain none of those are useful or used. BThe blockchain is actually Kore efficient as a whole , merely the way it is used today is inefficient (mostly for gambling and on chain).
@_date: 2018-11-16 13:34:52
We broke 6k. Another year at least before breaking up and staying there... We are mimicking 2014 almost to the T. Weird timeline, Cryptos have no fundamentals apparently.
@_date: 2018-11-24 05:05:14
When my $1 ETH turned to $400 in june 2017, I was wailing all the way to the bank "anything other than Bitcoin is dumb". That $400 profit I got per ETH was sooo painful, couldn't stand it , which is why/how I cried so much in that day.  
You have no idea how sad that day was. To take profits by an illegitimate project...
To be serious for a bit: the guy is here for the money. To him it doesn't matter where it comes from. He obviously doesn't care about the tech or the long term. In which cass maybe Bitcoin is not the best choice. The days of " mooning" for Bitcoin are probably gone for good. From here on out things would be far more stable.
At this point moonshots can only exist in alts (crapshots as well, obv)
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:39:51
My comments is not even that negative. I am merely describing where we currently stand.
Obviously Bitcoin can survive this, but it is not a sure thing, it will be a long arduous process.
@_date: 2018-11-04 00:46:22
They can import stuff using phone minutes?
Also what if the minutes' provider gets up and leave and/or dips his/her paws into the honey by "printing" an arbitrary amount of them.
It's wechat money all over again. Nothing new or revolutionary. Exactly the type of future that Cryptos try to avoid.
@_date: 2018-11-23 04:24:16
It's good then that most of what I posted are not opinions and actual developments on the space and/or actual function of the tech (nobody scams on bitcoin network ever since dread pirate roberts got caught, it is extremely risky; everybody uses monero or similar)
@_date: 2018-11-23 00:59:22
Thing is everybody is part of an unarmed population.
Unless they make tanks, military air force and ballistic missiles open to the public then the state has near complete monopoly in violence.
It is why when an incident happens swat comes in and clears up the situation.
If a dictator want to use said special forces and equipment to enslave his population he could. And that's equally true for all societies.
It's not arms it is rule of law what keeps that from happening. China and increasingly other countries have little or none, so some ultra ambitious people become tempted to control the populace and they often do .
@_date: 2018-11-01 00:37:14
A practical solution to double spend of digital asserts without the need of a central figure which can eventually forms the basis of decentralized everything (or rather decentralize many more things than just money).
But you are right , it has not proven revolutionary in practice ... *yet*
But TCP/IP didn't either on its first take in Arpanet, it needed time to come to its own and it's mostly a consensus by now that the Internet above all other was *the* Invention of the 20th century.
Maybe the blockchain or blockchain like techs would form the basis of much of what the 21st century would be (decentralized money, less centralized news agencies and government, etc). It is early days. Depending on how it catches on it can change everything (basically turn a lot of the enlightenment innovations obsolete for the first time in 300 years) or nothing.
@_date: 2018-11-23 14:20:24
Don't know either but my original post is already in the process of being buried. Meaning that some people simply hate this kind of conversation. IMO it is the number 1 issue of bitcoin's. Not centralization but rather the fact that people don't want to talk about it.
As for mining farms adjusting difficulties. Sure they will. To *their* break even rates which are always at least half of the home owner's rate. So difficulty would always adjust to the level that is profitable for farms to mine but never home users. 
That is my issue with difficulty adjustment, it is obviously not enough on in itself, it does not give enough decentralization as certain actors have the obvious upper hand to it (far cheaper break even rates due to doing things on scale).
IMO adjustable hashrate has to become a thing. Not just adjustable difficulty. I.e. the system should change the nature of the puzzles continuously until it "finds" a target network hashrate. And if said adjustments are not enough to bring block time to 10 minutes , *then* you adjust the difficulty of the puzzles too...
That would kill the monopoly in overpowered hardware and custom optimizations that big farms most possibly have. It brings hardware requirements down to earth in a way that a home user can fulfil (any CPU would do, even the one on his/her phone).
@_date: 2018-11-20 17:22:15
It's a positive feedback loop. Positive feedback loops end up with one-two players controlling the whole market. There is no natural example where a predator simply stops predating, when talking of microbiology. An external event is needed, like -say- a meterorite strike , to reset the system.
Unless the system is reset you will get an oligopoly (at best), if not a complete monopoly.
@_date: 2018-11-20 17:17:35
Being a dominant player + the pooling of resources is what makes it centralized long term. It's a positive feedback loop. The more powerful you get, the higher percentage of the network you get which in turn makes you even more powerful and eventually you get it all.
@_date: 2018-11-22 11:17:40
A quirk of its technology (and history) mostly.
Price powers the security of the network. If it goes way too low after a period of being high , it suddenly opens an avenue for attack.
The lower the price is and the longer it stays (that) low the higher the possibility that an attack takes place which would be even more devastating for its price. Turning it into a positive feedback loop.
By that point they would need to do a PoW fork but also by that point guess who would have the power and the money to become dominant on the new PoW (probably the attacker due to his shorts being fulfilled)...
That, and the fact that in his 3rd major swing went further down than its 2nd one (percentage wise), showing that Bitcoin actually regressed. That is being left behind as a social good 
@_date: 2018-11-20 14:45:23
Asic miners have no use case. Once they break below break even prices  they are just bad space heaters, so people have to throw them away.
It is basically why ASIC mining is not meant for home use. A home user cannot write off such expenses. Companies can (and do) as damages.
Asic mining + pools turned PoW into a corporate hobby.
@_date: 2018-02-28 18:48:12
Not necessarily, murder is not something that a healthy person has to encounter. While it seems to have been a big part of the life of the ancients (most possibly murder rates were through the roof) it has been shown (down the centuries) that a person's life can be completely unaffected without it. So whether one  expresses this ancient rage on npcs or not at all seems to be of little consequence.
Sex on the other hand seems to be of far greater significance during a person's life. Unlike "non murder" which seems to have taken a hold, celibacy really didn't down the centuries. Celibate communities would survive for some centuries (at most) but eventually they would always disband (say monastic orders).
I speculate that the difference is down to the fact that one is a mammalian import (I mean human sexuality) while the other is probably relatively recent in evolutionary terms and thus much less central to the human experience (only chimps and humans are as murderous, going further back and you won't find such rabid intraspecies killing).
So being of different evolutionary significance, I'd expect interacting with them should make us expect different results.
BTW it's no so much about "pixel sexuality", but more the act of frequent "autosatisfaction", which by all accounts is a first. Climaxing frequently or semi frequently, does bring hormonal/psychological changes to a person. Doubly so if many/most of those events happened without a partner.
I know enough to know that we are not evolved for this. What I don't know is where will it lead us. Hopefully the long term effects would be minor, as evidently, the continuous minimization of murder in human societies had minimum adverse effects... Who knows? Give it a couple of decades and eventually centuries and see how it goes ... that is how science works.
@_date: 2018-11-26 17:05:38
It does apparently because it predicted perfectly the latest drop.
Of course the above chart is nonsense , we're in Jan 2015. Quite very clearly. We've broken support and went down the drain.
Now if we move sideways for almost a year we may get the upside that OP. We probably won't though. History likes to troll us apparently.
@_date: 2018-11-14 00:22:53
Depends on the exchange it bottomed briefly at low 100s ... So closer to 200x than 100x in absolute numbers in fact. But whatever is the case we are talking about two orders of magnitude regardless.
@_date: 2018-11-24 17:30:40
But that's the thing. In assets of low supply you cannot buy "more shares" without affecting the price.
The type of interest that got Bitcoin from $160 to $20k (in the last bull) was far greater than the type of interest that got Bitcoin from $2 to $1160 (in the bull before the last one).
Or to put it in another way. Last bull Bitcoin did 120x. In the one before it , it did 580x ... yet the 120x move was far greater than the 589x move because it needed way more money to happen.
Or to put it in another way yet. If the amount of interest that got Bitcoin from $160 to $20k existed back when Bitcoin went from $2 to $1160 its bull run would not merely stop at $1160 , it would bad most definitely breached the $10k mark from even back then.
You can *measure* those things, through volume of transactions (actual money used), through interest (google searches). Everything points that the last bull was the greatest yet in the history of Bitcoin.
That is also true for the latest crash (our current one).
What is not true is that Bitcoin has become more volatile. In fact it has become less. However if it *does* become more volatile at those high volmes then it can well spell doom for Bitcoin. Volatility especially in higher volumes can often be a disaster. It is mostly a bad that we pray that we avoid...
@_date: 2019-01-12 18:50:54
They can change most of everything, basically rewrite the whole blockchain if they own a sizable part of the (staking) network by posting a longer (valid) chain
By racking up the rewards (of all the blocks basically) they create an artificial scarcity, they basically control the supply and release it as they see fit (if they see it fit).
@_date: 2018-11-01 14:36:18
Oh no :/ 
Used to call it "Bitcoin Core". Now even bitcoin core is a step too far to you?
If you continue down this path how will you end up calling it? Straight up " sh*tcoin"?
Heh, crypto infighting starts getting ridiculous. I suspect you support one of the forked versions of Bitcoin . it's OK, no need for name calling.
@_date: 2018-11-28 06:57:25
The risk is as great as the money you put . You do know that one does not have to buy a single bitcoin in each transaction, correct?
No. Back then chances were that bitcoin would die within the year. You were basically throwing your money away. You could literally throw your money away and it would not have been far worse.
Right now, even if it is to go to 0 it won't go within the year. Way too many people attached to it. It would be a slow grind, plenty of time to get out. 
So no putting $10 then was far more risky than putting $10 now.
The upside is similar. If Bitcoin truly becomes big it can 100x on top of what it is today . Back then nobody would think that bitcoin can 100x. Maybe do 10x and *then* die.
Nobody serious thought that Bitcoin would live back then. I mean technical people. Not economists-buffoons. Actual professionals thought bitcoin would die for the same reason that all prior such attempts died. Either vulnerabilities or "the government" were to get it.
No, back then both the perceived upside and the perceived downside were worse. It's not great now, but at least it is not abysmal as it was back them. It was one of the stupidest things you could do, buying a bitcoin in 2011. In retrospect it seems genious, but if you'd see who made money back them. All lightweights. The real serious people start coming in 2013, but even them are lightweights compared to who seem to be buying now.
Again, that's no guarantee that it will survive. IMO there are more chances that it will die than it will live. It's merely not 10:1 that it will die as it was back then.
@_date: 2018-11-19 19:39:12
At 1.9k that's half of the break even. If it stays there for long folks would attack bitcoin. Its security would be 1/3rd of what it is today. It bitcoin is attacked it will go further down.
That's basically the issue with having almost 70 EH/s of mining prowess out there. Bitcoin would have to hard fork and become GPU minable again. Else it is in danger of an attack from the sitting (hashing) power
@_date: 2018-11-18 11:32:20
I just told you, I am not going to repeat myself, even included its ticker.
BTW ETH only became popular in 2017.
We're in very early in the adoption curve, the market will more possibly be taken over from someone unknown than from a known coin.
The Internet was mostly taken over by projects that were either built or came on their own after the dotcom bust. Google, Facebook, Twitter...
Like I said we are extremely early days. Yahoo was huge in the 90s. Then google came along and made search actually useful and yahoo died. Google came along a whole decade after yahoo was dominating.
Do not see the current situation in Cryptos and expect it to remain the same in 10 years from now. Almost *certainly* one or two now unknown projects would become huge. IMO ones that value decentralization and actually found solution to the problems that this (first) decade showed.
@_date: 2018-11-21 00:27:37
Weibo.com just got me ~400ms. Roundabout 800ms or 0.8s
Maybe from your location things are better
@_date: 2018-11-22 02:49:37
BTC lost 1/3rd of its price due to the infamy they brought to the space. BCH lost half its value. Imagine what will happen if the actual Bitcoin becomes the target of such silliness.
@_date: 2018-11-24 15:34:58
Those poor astrophysicists didn't know that precognition is a fanciful dream, that's why their rocket missed Pluto by half a solar system.
Oh wait it didn't . They managed to find an object as small as a piece of dirt would be when compared to the whole earth. And they did this from so far away as if they were shooting for this dirt from the outer space (or sth).
Oh and they did all the while both stellar bodies were moving away from each other (both Pluto and the Earth).
So yeah. They basically predicted the position of that stellar body down to a few  inches *15 years into the future*...
Of course the future can be predicted if you use the correct indicators. That is what science does for the last 400 years. Did you wake up on a different planet?
And I'm telling you, if Bitcoin proves that it is more volatile than it used to be then its chances of long term survival would be less *because* folk would trust it less. It is a self fulfilling prophecy.
Maturing asserts get less volatile the more liquidity they gain. For example BTC had an 120x upwards movement between Jan 2015 and Dec 2017 which was less than the 640x move between late 2011 and Nov 2013.
That is a *good*. But such a constriction to the upside should also be true for its down side as well. Between Nov 2013 and Jan 2015 it lost 87%
Between Dec 2017 and now (Nov 2018) it lost 80%.
We better pray that this is the final verdict/fall of this bear.
@_date: 2018-11-26 05:36:02
Oh we will, in a few hours most possibly.
(to those reading my comments, I'm obviously being sarcastic. I honestly hope that people won't trade my random numbers. It would be really sad)
@_date: 2018-11-30 01:40:26
What are you talking about? Difficulty goes down *because* profitability went down so some miners had to stop. It's not as if  the fall of the difficulty whould tempt them to return. If they were the first to get out it means that they were already operating at razor thin margins, something that will not be better even if the difficulty is lowered by a little bit. 
Profitability in something as giant as the bitcoin is determined by the prices (price moves profitability by a lot more than difficulty adjustments) , difficulty determines the security of the system.
 If difficulty goes down, attacking the network becomes that much cheaper. If it falls well below half the worldwide hashing power then IMO the network enters in something akin to a danger zone. And it is probably what will happen if reach the 1-2k mark.
@_date: 2018-11-28 05:36:34
No it was not. There were far more chances to go to 0 then than it is now.
It's still a highly speculative investment. Just less than it was. We at least have *some* fundamentals. Back then it was an anonymous guy, probably gravely Ill and a tiny team around him.
If it is stupid to buy now , it was 10 times as stupid to buy then. I know , I was around back then and I was honestly thinking of those buying bitcoin (back then) as mentally challenged. It was mostly an idea on a piece of paper. No idea if it could resist attacks, no ides if it could be easily reverse engineered . It was merely an idea on a paper, you didn't have -back then- people paying millions to produce it... It was some nerds in their basement. You should have had been insane to buy it back then 
@_date: 2018-11-22 11:38:40


Price matters to everyone that cares about the technology. It is what finances the army of people protecting it, its security. Great nations didn't go down because they were externally attacked. They were attacked *because* they were already down (at least their financial part) and their economy was in shambles.
A lowly priced Bitcoin won't survive, never understood why people think that it will.
People were scared that what happened to BCH *can* happen to Bitcoin. Most thought that they were empty threats, until it actually happened.
The price of Bitcoin started falling dramatically once the first empty block on BCH was mined making true the threats of CSW (I.e. that if he gets the upper hand in the war he will "finish" BCH/ABC).
Investors are maybe not as tech savvy as they should but they are no dummies either. When an external threat comes (CSW). A person who is paid to harm this space and makes true of his threats. Then maybe he does this next to Bitcoin. Heck he may attack all networks at once if he has enough money.
I don't like ABC but it absolutely has to withstand Craig's attack. Because if it doesn't Craig *would* start mining empty blocks on their network further collapsing people's confidence on this space.
It is absolutely crucial to see whether a self a destructive actor and a loose canon (CSW) can actually harm the space. And in anticipation of the results people removed money from the space.
It is definitely what happened. Just see the timestamps of the first empty block on BCH and the breaking of 6k in BTC (and the cavitations of people's confidence on the space). CSW is the personification of Nemesis in this space. And if he does have his way re ruined a whole industry and the lives of millions (and he *needs* to do it because his life is already ruined).
@_date: 2018-11-20 20:15:58
That is not what I wrote. I clearly wrote "ends up". We are not there yet, we are moving towards that direction though definitely. The geographical centralization is eye popping.
BTW yeah Bitcoin can collapse the more it reaches high centralization levels. No arguments there. It is in Bitcoin's best interest to break the positive feedback loop (use an adaptive algorithm and discourage the pooling of resources).
@_date: 2018-11-25 14:56:39
I am not "Determining the future of societal adaptation" what you are talking about.
Instead I told you that the more volatile an asset becomes towards the future the less the chances that it survives.
What's wrong with you? This is going for at least as long as markets existed. You.do.not.want.your.asset.to.become.more.volatile in the long term...
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:50:53
Used to believe that too.
In fact I believed that core would change the PoW pro-actively *before* the attack took place. Just having 15 EH/s of idle power is scary already (where we are today) imagine it going up to 45 EH/s
But then I remembered that core never hard forked since 2010 . And since PoW change needs a hard fork they would stumble and delay
Then the attack would happen. Core would retaliate with forking all miners off. But guess who has the most money right now to dominate the new PoW. Especially if it is ASIC minable. You guessed it right...
I honestly hope that Bitcoin never goes as low and tests the above theory. The whole crypto market is connected to the fate of Bitcoin...
@_date: 2018-11-06 09:43:54
It would mean it would be hard to produce like gold is. The point of gold *is* the fact that it is hard to produce.
Yeah, I am unwilling to change the probably primary thing that makes bitcoin to be bitcoin. Its scarcity and hardness to produce. What's wrong with you?
Everything else is up for grabs (probably on a second layer) not its production method. If anything due to asics it is probably easier than it should. Maybe we make it even harder.
Also it is not "ever-increasing". Once bitcoin finds its price it will stop increasing. There is an abundance of energy in the form of solar, hydro and geothermal. The problem is not that we do not have enough energy, the problem is that it is expensive to extract, which is a plus in the case of mining
@_date: 2018-11-29 19:15:36
If it still as variable in price even with such a huge marketcap (1mil to 100k) I do not expect BTC to survive much after that.
As an asset matures variance in price gets lower. If it is kept high then said asset is still and far away from finding its price. But at those high prices it can't/couldn't be the case (it would be nearing the limits of the total world money supply). So even if those high numbers are not its price, it means its real price is waaaay lower.
It is for that reason why I think that a fall below 3.5k would be bad and below 3k possibly disastrous. You just can't be as volatile as ever as your price goes up. If "you" still are, then something is not right.
Thankfully, historically, bitcoin is getting less volatile. A break below 3k would signal otherwise though. Many people are pretty much *expecting* a break below and thus the possibly demise of Bitcoin (w/t even knowing).
@_date: 2018-11-18 17:56:51


Actually that's not bad. It also means that big players won't join it because they cannot overtake the market allowing for true home mining. If only or mostly small players mine a project one would be paid around the same as if he was part of a single giant pool. No big pool to rack up all the blocks which is in fact what killed solo mining in Bitcoin (solo mining would still make sense if everybody was solo mining)


Why? It is not hashrate, it is decentralization what offers security to a medium. If a project is mostly home mined then it is plenty decentralized and with its mining restriction you'd basically need to build a computer that is *actually* 51% of the hashrate to attack it. No capacity to be a pool operator and attack it. 
If it can maintain the lack of the pooling of resources it just eliminated one of the biggest flaws of PoW (folks ganging up to overtake the network).
BTW I disagree with its emmisions schedule. For example like the low supply as well but dislike the fact that it prioritizes first adopters so much. Maybe a schedule like bitcoin's would had been more apt.
Lack of liquidity can be solved if it catches on.
What I like though is that it tries to address a fundamental flaw of PoW, I.e. the pooling of resources which IMO has only a negative effect on PoW coins and never a positive one (they are vectors of centralization).
@_date: 2018-11-19 21:07:39
Nicehash is tiny. Even if Bitcoin were to use ethash (which is what is mostly mined in nicehash) , it would still need to fall in price something ridiculous. Close to 50x, which is ridiculous. Bitcoin is not going to $100 unless it's in its way to 0, in which case security should the least of its concerns.
Nicehash can only attack tiny coins
@_date: 2018-11-23 02:47:17
Adaptive PoW --
Adaptive Block Rewards (that average at 12.5 coins per block at the end of the day)
IMO Bitcoin cannot be thought as decentralized if home miners cannot mine anymore.
Punish pools (Adaptive Block Rewards)
Punish specialized hardware that few have a lot and most have none (PoW that tries to adapt the network hashrate by changing the nature of the puzzle).
Too many and too big changes that would be risky to be implemented at once but ultimately necessary if Bitcoin wants to survive as a decentralized medium of exchange.
@_date: 2018-11-29 19:24:32
It is also a bad thing as it lowers the security of the network. If it falls low enough said "genius" mechanism would the one the did it over.
IMO a network should try first to change the hashrate of the network (by micro changing the algo) so that to keep the 10 minute mark, before trying to change the difficulty of the puzzles.
I.e. maybe the puzzles are not getting too easy, maybe the machines solving them are getting too powerful, so the network automatically "needs" them.
@_date: 2018-11-24 06:47:37
I had two t-shirts. Sold one for $10 and the other for $1
Ohhh, the T-shirt value fell 10times over!!!1!
Or to be more clear. Percentage wise is useless on such low volume. Heck even the 2014 crash does not seem that relevant anymore. We're at an order of magnitude larger volumes than even then.
In general large volume downfalls are worse than low volume downfalls even if they seem milder percentage wise.
So this fall was the greatest of all in the history of bitcoin. Having said *that* the asset's price volatility is lower (first crash was 94%, 2nd one 87%, this one 80% ... thus far), which shows a maturing process...
 If we do go far lower than 4k, though, it is not good news, especially below 3k. It would be both a harder crash than any other time but worse of all it would prove that Bitcoin becomes more volatile and thus more unstable in the long term, which can be lethal for something that needs to establish relative stability (find its price) eventually.
@_date: 2018-11-19 19:40:09
20k was touched in certain exchanges.
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:55:54
My issue mostly comes from my understanding of humans.
Most humans are not political. We are not evolved to care about the wider good but instead the local good (the one that aids our genes). That is deep held instict that I'm rather pessimistic that any amount of education would ever solve.
In other words I think it is a issue of temperament, rather than an issue of technological barriers (that will eventually be solved).
A misinformed majority happens neither due to no access to education nor due to no access to information. It mostly happens because there is no access to empathy of the sort that is universal.
If anything recent trends show that the Internet is parasitic over people's will to care about their immediate surroundings and nothing more. Tell them that their immediate interests are in danger and you have a lifelong voter, it's used by both parties in America (and surely in the rest of the world).
My issue with most types of democracy is that they do not fit the character of the people. Whilst (having) an autocrat, is obviously worse, having an elected body at least adds a layer of accountability to the governors (whom are still governors, make no mistake, I doubt that they can represent anything other than special interests in the long term), but it is still not good enough, because the gauges (of whether one did a good job or not) can be broken due to the above human flaw (care about the immediate good, instead of the greater good which does include the immediate good too).
I think the issue (of governance) *is* technical on another level. Whilst access to information does solve one issue (allows participation for the whole of the non disinterested minority), the much greater problem is to have a consequences machine. One that can see deep into the future by calculating all the relevant game theoretic moves. Which is why I think that AI and not direct democracy is the future of governance...
@_date: 2018-11-22 01:40:07
A pow change does not happen just like that though. You need a dedicated team to work on it particular and only core works in such complex issues. Sure an independent team can offer minor fixes or rework some part of the code but a PoW change is huge and affects many things especially if not done right.
It won't come about at the drop of a hat. At least it won't do so well...
@_date: 2018-11-20 20:28:41
As random as having a single entity (a local governor say) to be able to shut down 80% of BTC's hashrare....
No it is not. It's a great problem in need of solution. You cannot have a global currency being produced in one place. It's not much of a global currency in that case...
@_date: 2018-03-29 21:00:12
Why though?
Back then liquidity was shot, right now there is no systemic issues other than a correction to a parabolic curve. We are now at the levels before the last parabolic run, so unless bitcoin is indeed going down, the price must start creeping up shortly.
Keep in mind that all is happening in low volumes, so the current picture is a bit of a misdirection.
I mean most news sites are explaining this recent correction as due to "regulatory woes". Most bull runs happened amidst "regulatory woes", so it can't be it. It merely went up too fast so it had to go back down eventually for no reason other than being too early for such an increase in value.
@_date: 2018-11-24 19:30:52
It fell from 1160 to 160 (and in fact even lower in some exchanges). I was there, I remember it.
Posting the same percentages with 10 times the volume would say a very different story. That is exactly what I'm trying to tell you.
A high volume fall is far worse than a low volume one , even if they are the same percentage wise.
Still I think from 3k on is salvagable. From 2k on, probably. Below 2k probably not... below 1k most certainly not (the network will be attacked).
@_date: 2018-11-18 23:20:11
OP says that we're in Apr 2015 (we aren't Apr 2015 was the first higher low of the market cap and basically the end of that bear market. We just had another lower low)
I doubt that the market would repeat, anyway, but it would rhyme at times. The future is not written in stone.
@_date: 2019-01-11 08:35:48
Can't withstand a bank run (I.e. people losing faith and wanting to get their billions of worth at once). At least with centralized actors they can post collateral based on actual USD in some vault somewhere (but then you have to trust then that they are telling the truth, however if they do they can withstand a bank run)
@_date: 2019-01-04 06:23:27
Phychology is not exactly the most scientific discipline. It doesn't surprise me that you find a lot of pseudoscience talked by psychologists. From most psychologists that I have listened in the past he is in the one of the least pseudo scientific (which doesn't say much, to be frank).
But, yeah, like I said , he is aggressively average. Even in the things that he makes sense it is not the kind of thing that you couldn't have read in a million other places. He is not an innovator of any kind. I think the media manufactured him by opposing him so sternly.
For example his concept of truth ("true is what survives evolutionarily speaking, *or* what leads to survival") is some of the most ass-backward understandings of the concept I have ever heard. I mean it raises an interesting concept (how central evolution is to manifest reality), however his concept of truth is definitely not what the scientific truth is understood as. It is even at odds with it sometimes.
I think he tries a bit too hard to square his Christianity with a world that (actually) takes no heed of religious belief and it is what leads him to errors. If he was not as attached to his childhood belief he'd probably be able to say more but still I am not convinced that he would be worthy of the attention he is getting (even in that case).
He is an accident of the Internet age and somehow he took it to mean that he speaks universal truths (or whatever). Most often than not he is not egregiously wrong though. For example it does help to have order in your life, starting from your personal belongings. However this is known for at least 100 years in psychometric studies and anecdotically for thousands of years. So, yeah, he says nothing new.
@_date: 2019-01-05 03:34:27
I didn't get any racism or misogynistic hints. If I had I wouldn't even correspond w him in the first place (back in the day).
He is a bona fide conservative, owning to his Christian heritage. If he was not Christian I doubt he would be conservative to begin with, but even so I can see you point of how he was basically taken up by irrelevant groups mostly because he "hits the left where it is weak". 
In fact he is a hitting a caricature version of the left (which can indeed -sometimes- be found in the unis) but the left itself is left untouched. He's not addressing issues of fundamental disparity (i.e. disparity that is beyond one's control or "hard work") as is typical with conservatives, so he's not making a point against the *actual* left (i.e. those concerned with the well being of the dispossessed). Neither do I see a takeover of the left by extreme factions, at least not yet. Maybe his alarmism is what made him popular to begin with, but again, that doesn't make him nuanced, or someone that can hold the interest of the public for so long. 
*That* is the part of him that I don't get "how did he manage to stay relevant for so long". My understanding is that he's being provoked from the media, which makes him a sympathetic figure to his constituency. Maybe just maybe we leave him alone and he goes back to whatever obscurity he rose from?
@_date: 2019-01-15 23:04:34


That is ridiculously bad understanding of game theory.
So if BTC was to softfork to 17.76 mil BTC, a billion dollar (+) industry would simply roll with it?
No! If they are stupid they would create a fork of their own and name it Bitcoin original, if they are smart (and at this point they are getting there) they will wait for difficulty to go to almost zero as well as the price to "moon" and once it does every week or so they would be building a longer chain nullifying last week's transactions and eventually abruptly posting it, after -of course- having shorted the market quite heavily (in both the derivatives market and the real market).
By destroying the miners' business you incentivize them to attack you...
@_date: 2018-03-25 11:54:41
True democracy cannot work on the absence of information.
A misinformed vote is worse than no vote. Obviously an informed majority is better to have than a lone expert on complex problems with no set solutions. 
But how are you to have said informed majority? That was always the bane of democracy (especially direct democracy types). 
I'm rather pessimistic on how the issue should be addressed. Maybe AIs could help. But even AIs seem to have fundamental barriers towards their ascendance into a general type (which may well be needed if we need meaningful assistance from AI).
@_date: 2018-11-21 02:50:48
Nope, antpool just now: 
Maybe you're fortunate enough to live in a place where connecting to chinese servers is fast. Most of the world doesn't, so most of the world has to move there. Literally move there and be at the mercy of local authorities.
Doesn't sound like decentralization to me. Sorry.
@_date: 2018-03-08 19:25:27
Centralized blockchains are hardly a good option. The blockchain became as popular partly due to the security it offers, remove it (centralise it) and it's just one more way to store data...
@_date: 2018-11-19 14:38:31
The market really hated this. Crashed as a result. Apparently it's either american ETFs or nothing (everything else the markets hate)
@_date: 2018-11-08 09:19:25
For Bitcoin the opposite is true. The sooner a collapse happens the more unprepared it will be. The longer it takes the more established and mature it will be...
@_date: 2018-11-25 04:21:27
You just predicted the death of Bitcoin without knowing.
Do you even know the point of bitcoin's price? Anyone?
It is what pays for its security. A sub $1k bitcoin would have as much security as in early 2017 maybe a bit more. That puts it at 10 EH/s max, closer to 5 EH/s.
At that point it would be dirt cheap for some sitting farm to attack it. Sure it would need pay for electricity but the resulting downfall it would cause would make it billions (basically drain the derivatives market). It basically creates a feedback loop. Then the security goes even lower and people pull the same attack again and so on, so forth.
At that point bitcoin would need to hard fork . But given how slow moving it is (the big block debate was over 4 years old before something actually happened) I kinda doubt that a new PoW would be implemented in time. Bitcoin would lose all credibility, the end.
Do not even think of sub $1k with 60 EH/s of standing hashpower. Back in summer I was warning people that they should not celebrate. That given that we are in a bear market that much hash power is actually a danger and I was down voted. We are already nearing a time that so much hash power *is* a danger.
IMO at sub $2k Bitcoin should preemptively hard fork its pow. But I guess it is not happening. At those levels we are very possibly doomed.
@_date: 2019-01-24 00:41:24
They'd fuck with it anyways as long as it interfaces w Fiat. Better be rules as they do it...
@_date: 2018-11-28 08:20:22
It is not a matter of disagreement. I was there I remember. I suppose you were not. Buying Bitcoin in 2011 was far more stupid than now. Not even close... You basically expected to lose all you money. 
BTW bitcoin can't go down to $2k stay there for long and survive. It will be attacked no way that it won't. It already shed 1/3rds of its protection. If it goes to 2k it will lose  another third and be open to attack (more people would be idling than mining).
@_date: 2019-01-04 15:55:32
Again, I can't see how such a guy could even in principle be sinister. He's kind of a buffoon and seems earnest. His message is a derivative and easily understood and I understand that to be the reason that he has so many followers.
But again, his points are quite simplistic and most of everyone sort of gets them halfway in his life (or in fact younger than that), in fact they are either that (his points), or completely insane (when he starts delving into magical thought). Of all the Christians that I have listened to, he seems relatively easy to understand, he doesn't get *too* apocryphal but again it mostly sounds as a waste of my time. Those are not the kinds of things which could make anybody famous.
In fact corresponded with him regarding Jung, about three years ago. I think he misunderstands him, but I digress... indeed he seems innocuous and a bit too thrown into our face by the media (both his detractors and supporters). Hardly a controversial figure. As far as christians go, he is Christian Lite. Most Christians are way more crazy than him, especially when they start using magical thinking as justification for their conclusions...
It is more of a sign of the polarization of our era that such a figure is thought as controversial than his actual belief system. I only had to reinvestigate him lately because of how many headlines he is getting. And -yeah- he is the old J. P. ... understanding Jung at a semi shallow depth, christian but not of the vocal kind, some magical beliefs here and there and some common sense sprinkled in.
It boggles my mind how such a guy became famous to begin with...
@_date: 2018-11-28 05:05:49
Everything was ever a speculation in this space. It's as batshit insane to say that bitcoin is ded as it is to say that it goes to 1 million. No part has a good argument one way or another. Both heavily reach. McAfee and Roubini are the "same guy", saying equally  untenable things.
If this space survives it would morph to something we do not recognize. If it dies it would be for none of the reasons that Roubini quotes (most possibly something better supersedes it).
We're here for the show and the drama. Some put serious money, so their position is worse, but even them should have known that they invest in something that can positively destroy their lives or transform it to the better.
Do you lot thought that investing on Internet in the 90s was all sunshine and happiness. Sure it survived , but it may as well have been a happenstance. It could *easily* be superseded by something else and pretty much everybody lose their position. And even though it did survive after all most *still* lost their position. Even if Blockchain tech survives many here would be positively transform their lives to the worse in the process 
@_date: 2018-11-19 20:26:36
Most volume happened in nov-dec run plus early bear market (until May).
So I reckon more people are burnt than well. Volume wise the guy just erased the most important part of the last -possibly- 4 years in regards of adoption and new users.
So yeah, you can't do that.
@_date: 2018-11-18 02:23:47
Nerva - XNV
You are asleep, yet pretend to be awake 
(I clearly wrote CPU-only projects, cryptonight is not cpu-only)
Also you cannot industrialize small projects especially those with adaptive algorithms. I think you you should give more depth of your knowledge of the crypto space. It's not just the top 20 coins, most of those will die anyway (most are already too centralized).
@_date: 2018-11-27 04:51:19
Wouldn't even know what the benefits of reddit gold (would be). Been here for almost a decade, still don't get it.
Guess if you give it away may as well apply. Who knows it may be an incredible experience.
Cheers mate.
@_date: 2018-11-30 23:43:11
Yeah being used as heaters too.
Basically reusing their energy in other things. Still I'd love if websites were to replace advertising with mining. It can be adjusted to be good to battery life and finally have those pesky ads go the way of the dodo. The ads based revenue stream causes all kinds of illegal behavior (loss of privacy above all).
@_date: 2019-01-12 19:11:31
So if someone accepts bitcoin and fiat. And you pay in fiat directly , how is it different than spending &amp; replacing? I mean isn't spending and replacing simply paying in fiat through proxy?
Or do you maybe expect that the vendor is not selling at market price once he received your Bitcoin? Because in that case indeed you increased the price of bitcoin by a tiny amount. If -on the other hand- he/she sells he/she puts the exact same selling pressure that you relieved from the market by replacing. He could as well be selling to you, allowing your BTC to make a perfect circle and thus -basically- never moving.
I mean last I remember that is exactly what payment processors like copay do (sell at market price and give fiat to the vendor), correct me if wrong.
@_date: 2019-01-12 18:11:55
Thankfully Bitcoin is not following the proof of stake consensus method. So even if a few control the lot of it they still can't change its issuance rate and eventually the inflation rate, which is very much unlike the centralized currencies.
So if you get paid in Bitcoin you are secure in not expecting it to go to zero just because someone tries to finance his political career through the printing press.
Price manipulation is only possible currently due to low liquidity . Once bitcoin (or something similar) gets actual use cases then even whales would be unable to manipulate it easily.
If Bitcoin indeed remains as illiquid as it is now then it would be hard pressed to find any use cases. It is a sort of a chicken egg question. One of the two has to happen first. Every illiquid asset is manipulated by a few people though. The bitcoin protocol cannot "legislate" high liquidity, it can -however- legislate an inflation rate, which it did. So we are half way there...
@_date: 2019-01-11 10:50:50
OK, let me put it in another way. DAI is basically using ETH as collateral. If the market goes down ETH does too, so whatever $1.5 you may think that you have for collateral it would be less.
In other words its fate is very much connected to the volatility of the market. We are talking for a very volatile market though. A bank run would happen when similar moves like early February's or mid November's (2018) happened. When ETH lost half its value basically overnight all the while people were removing money from the market.
DAI can work in theory in a mature market when you *know* for sure than none of the involved players would go down. Like I said , it needs assurances to work. Those are decentralized which is good, however it still hinges to some major external factor. Even if it is not trust (in the case of DAI) it still is price of other assets.
Like I said , it is hard to create a stable coin without centralized control. Probably impossible. Because the exact time that said stability would matter, would also be the one that it would not be there... 
@_date: 2019-01-01 22:55:04
To be fair we cannot really know that in any network where one OEM dominates its security. I.e. there is no way to know whether a hardware backdoor exists so that an attacker (say a dying company that is the main hardware manufacturer of the miners) won't use it for an attack (after heavily shorting bitcoin in the derivatives market).
As long as Bitcoin is secured by application specific devices we can never know to what extend is it secured (it may be a lot, it may be not at all to certain people).
@_date: 2019-01-22 20:46:58
No reason to think that Bitcoin is as decentralized as you make it to be. It is in theory but not in practice (at least not as strongly as you imply that it is). Mining is not as decentralized as projects that are mined from general purpose machines (80% of the miners come from a single OEM, and 80% of the hashpower is in a single country). There is an obvious driving force behind the development of Bitcoin as evidenced by the github privileges that certain members of the community have as opposed to others.
I do not disagree that certain alts are extremely centralized. I disagree with the idea that Bitcoin is as extremely decentralized as you claim it to be. It is the most decentralized form of finance we currently have. However it is possible to create an alt that is more decentralized (fining the pooling of resources, general purpose mining, fewer github restrictions...) by saying that "Bitcoin is the final word of creation" you basically close the door to possibly better solutions that may come.
@_date: 2019-01-12 15:14:07
80% of it being mined by a single OEM's equipment , in 3-5 pools that with some of which affiliated with each other doesn't scream to me decentralization.
Sure the seed is there, the results are not (in neither technicals nor widespread use cases).
I believe in Bitcoin or rather its capacity to change the world, but let us not get ahead of ourselves.
For example I'd be much happier with higher liquidity and more decentralization (in both hardware and software). There are ways to go.
@_date: 2018-11-30 21:38:21
You cannot increase the price of electricity. It only goes down long term. People extract more and more energy from the planet in more and more ways.
See the sudden explosion in shale production, or the constant lowering of the price of solar/wind.
Again, the only way to decrease energy footprint for mining is if it also does something else as well (say provide revenue for website/app owners through the use of their users' resources).
@_date: 2018-02-03 16:31:48
That's not travelling, we experience it.
If you go at the speed of light, you go at the speed that events propagate through the universe, that is why you see time (around you) virtually stopped. Its explanation is not a mystery, nor is it "travelling in time" it is "travelling in space" rather...
@_date: 2018-11-30 19:40:51
There is no such thing as "energy efficient bitcoin mining".
Bitcoin mining would always have an energy footprint (as a whole) would be equal to bitcoin's price vs electricity costs.
If you make a miner to be twice as efficient as a prior one (I. E. Use half the energy for the same hashrate), " people" (companies at this point) would buy twice the amount of it.
In fact there is one and only way to make mining efficient in energy needs. That would be if it uses energy that would otherwise be consumed for something else. Say instead of ads, websites of the future making a profit off of mining a coin.
Any other way and mining is inefficient as heck. By design in fact. So yeah, Intel may be able to build an energy efficient *miner* but it would help none towards "energy efficient mining" as the article suggests. If anything "energy efficient miners" are more wasteful to actual mining, because you now have two miners in place of one, using (pretty much) the same energy as before, but using twice the material.
@_date: 2018-11-22 03:05:37
Last year before the bull run you didn't have 60 EH/s of hashing power. In fact it was barely 10 EH/s.
If it goes below 3k, especially below 2k and stays there the dangers are too great. I believe that someone would attack Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-02 04:27:34
They said that they do not recognise it as a legal tender and would take all actions possible to enforce that.
Meaning that if you sell your products for bitcoin you are not yet illegal but you are about to be and they will try their best to find you. There is the clear connotation implied that bitcoin is used mostly for illicit trade which comes about from years of propaganda against it.
 It pains me to see that bitcoin has yet to dispel its dark web ties (no matter how few they were and how long ago relatively speaking). I would have expected that to be relatively simple. No need of elaborate code or hard solutions, simply a campaign aimed to inform the people would had been enough...
This is a shadow that *must* be banished, else bitcoin will never succeed. I think enough is enough
@_date: 2018-02-20 05:08:37
Again, it's not a use that has been properly tried (in large enough scale). I.e. having a blockchain ledger that is not self-secured and therefore its security is coming at extra cost.
So the proposition that it would necessarily be more efficient than traditional systems of information storage/retrieval once you lose mining/steaking (and their incentives) comes around as quaint to me (I mean the *necessarily* part).
It may be the case. Remember though: the upfront cost of building is great, maintaining it , far greater. 
So yeah, I would be gladly be building a new system of data storage/retrieval if it proves less costly in its operation and maintenance. It's pretty much what social media companies and more prominently what Facebook did... you're forced to.
Don't take me wrong , it would be readily used for things other than transactions, but I find it most probable that that system would be built in such a way to give incentives enough to be secured at low cost. And generally speaking you need many players for such a race to the bottom (price-wise).
Which IMO is why trustless ledgers are not going away anytime soon. They would be able to price out the competition.
@_date: 2018-11-15 08:34:41
BCH's hash flipped BTC's 2-3 times. The price never came close. Hash follows price long term, never the other way around.
@_date: 2018-11-24 22:43:52
Maybe a new reason would be constructed by then.
It is not as if CSW thought that he can win his stupid war. The guy is an obvious troll paid by someone to act like this.
If a single guy can do this to this space, what tells me that another guy would not pull shenangians out of nowhere when closing the 2.7k levels. Maybe they would pull it again at 1.8k and 1k.
Bitcoin is playing a dangerous game right now. Never before in its history was it so unprofitable to mine for so many. In fact it is provably the first time that so many miners will go out significantly lowering its difficulty and opening itself to an attack.
Below the 4k level things just got serious , below 3k , especially 2k things would get critical. There is much hashpower that will get out that it would be quite easy for some rogue element to rent some of the idle hashpower, short Bitcoin and then attack it .
@_date: 2018-11-23 13:29:22
I don't think you will. Just look at my post. It was down voted merely for posting the obvious. I think the community is too poisoned for years in thinking that specialized hardware benefits an asset that was once declaring "one CPU one vote". I don't know how one can go about to convince them but there you have it.
IMO bitcoin continuously centralizes for a reason. The pareto principle. It's known all over the managerial positions. Somehow the community decided to be vulnerable to it.
IMO, increasingly so, home mining (I.e. mining without the use of industrial rates) would not worth it and give you great costs. That would be perpetually true , more and more so in the future.
@_date: 2019-01-11 08:25:41
I mean I don't like Peterson's oversimplifications, however commenting on his looks is kind of cheating. I don't care how a person looks if he is making sense. Unfortunately Peterson often doesn't. No so his political views (not a lot makes sense there anyway), more so in his philosophical views , especially his views on truth and theism (neither of which are ever brought up by his critics, which makes me suspicious of them as well).
I mean his understanding of truth is so shockingly anti-science that I hesitate to call the guy a scientist although he would very much like to be thought in the same breath as biologists, or evolutionary scientists. He is so anti-Poperian on one hand , and so enthralled with scientific literature on the other that I can never make sense of the guy. He occupies a weird middle ground where you are never sure if his next sentence will make sense or will be absolutely bonkers.
@_date: 2019-01-21 22:25:10
You keep saying this. I do not think you understood my position.
I am agnostic on whether alts are scams or not. You are the one with the positive statement. An agnostic has no proving to do, you are the one who tries to mislead people by calling them *all* scams. You have to be more specific than that.
First how did you determine what *all* altcoins are without (obviously) being able to check them all.
Secondly you have to give good reasons (one by one) for the most famous ones (I.e. that they are scams) before even being able to judge your competency in judging projects.
Thirdly you have to keep in mind that a scam is a project whose sole and in fact end purpose is to scam people, I.e. let them separate from their hard earned wealth to the benefit of the scammer. This is the kind of connection that I am waiting for you to establish between alt coin projects and their users.
Else I am forced to discard it as a religious belief (of the flimsy kind).
@_date: 2019-01-19 23:49:10
*Exactly*. Everything that is not bitcoin is a scam. I mean you searched all altcoins, found them and determined one-by-one that they are scams. Not 70% of them, not 90% of them, *all of them*.
Exactly what Kim Jong is telling to his constituency ("don't hear to the foreigners' words, they are the devil's"
Calling everything a scam is an incredible way to keep yourself stilted and behind your time. Good job.
@_date: 2018-11-12 22:52:11
A physically backed ETF is basically the opposite than a paper future in almost anything.
At least learn the differences and similarities between the diff financial products before thinking that you have an opinion on them.
Lastly Bitcoin crashed because it had gone 200x prior to that in a bit more than 2 year. That kind of growth is in immediate need of correction so that to be sustainable long term, which is exactly what we got.
Again, nothing to do with BTC futures , if anything they caused the last leg of BTC's parabolic rise (which peaked after the future's unveil).
@_date: 2018-11-29 19:29:10
Not at sub 6k Bitcoin. One would be suicidal to mine Bitcoin at such low prices and high difficulty. The only people (still) mining are the established players which had their front costs already paid for (from the last bull run) and only have to worry about electricity (which is imperceptible to many).
@_date: 2018-11-05 16:56:05
But you could choose the 1hr candles to end at :10 of each hour, or maybe :40. Creating an only slightly different end image, but still different enough to make a some predictions suddenly seem off, no?
@_date: 2019-01-13 09:23:28
You cannot be a big miner without going bankrupt/selling your rewards to stay afloat. There are no ongoing costs in being a big staker so no pressure for you to sell. That changes everything.
@_date: 2019-01-25 07:08:02
Except financial instruments is nothing like armaments (or the dynamics they create).
Adoption means that price manipulators have no power anymore (real tx volume goes on daily). No price manipulators means fewer chances that governements (and especially the people) would see Bitcoin as the devil. If Bitcoin is not seen as the devil it has a good chance that it will remain active and in use by the general populace at all times so its persecution is far harder.
If Bitcoin is allowed to function in its full capacity (a peer to peer payment system that is both the system itself and the token) then indeed it will be an outlet for freedom to grow. It may even become an example for the rest to follow (trustworthy news, trustworthy history, plurality of opinions/ideas ; not just trustworthy money), a true change of pace to where the world is going.
@_date: 2019-01-21 20:07:24
This is inane, I cannot prove a negative. The burden of proof falls on you (for calling everything a scam)
@_date: 2018-11-01 14:58:40
So sad rn :/
@_date: 2018-11-24 06:59:55
Did you read my post?
Have I made a specific prediction?
Now give me back your down vote. You are imagining things.
Unless of course you mistaked my comment on the universal rule in all economic systems that more liquid assets are less volatile than more illiquid ones as making a specific prediction.
In which case you should definitely remove your down vote. I just told you that things fall downwards and you are thinking I am holding a crystal ball here... Wow.
@_date: 2018-02-19 21:54:41
Sure enough but how could you trust one of the actors not fudging the data?
My point is that private/limited blockchains have a lot of the security issues that regular databases have. I'm not too convinced that the blockchain would be much of an improvement over current systems if you remove its trustless character.
Then again I may be wrong. Future implementations would show one way or another. I'm just in the camp that finds the "blockchain, but not cryptos" to be an equally risky prediction as to say that bitcoin (say) would replace fiat money.
 It's unclear what would happen and I'm sceptical of those financial guys talking of blockchain, I don't think they are very tech competent to be in position to make such predictions. They are maybe projecting what they *want* to happen, but from a sociotechnological standpoint it's very much ... murky waters
@_date: 2018-02-21 03:29:02
Why would anyone give $1M for free? Like ever? It literally never happens...
@_date: 2018-02-20 22:38:36
Nobody knows what those forces are and how can they be sustained. If you create an artificial sense of forthcoming crisis you may just force people to innovate harder so that they may avoid it. So maybe what keeps the boom is that threat that you won't be able to service your debts next year, to begin with.
Japan had the opposite problem. Too many savings actually caused stagnation in the long term. If you feel safe, you don't innovate, if you don't innovate you stagnate, and as the rest of the world passes you over you eventually do become unsafe.
It seems weird, but it may just be the case that the fear of being unsafe may be what will perpetually keep you safe and the certainty of safety may bring you unsafety that much sooner.
@_date: 2019-01-16 09:49:13
Apart from posting a checkpoint every 1000 blocks you cannot prevent a 1000 block reorg that you do not know when it will strike.
Miners would be making close to nothing if you *suddenly* stop block rewards. It is why Satoshi thought to minimize block rewards in a much smoother transition towards the bottom. They *will* attack you if you cut them out abruptly.
@_date: 2019-01-02 01:18:26
It all depends of whether he is already dead. If reports are correct his company is dying anyway. So maybe he manipulates the market by attacking bitcoin and exit scams using the winnings from the derivatives' market.
 Like I said it is a risk to secure your network with dedicated machines you can have no idea how Byzantine fault tolerant is it (in theory it *should* be, but only in theory).
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:53:24
There is great value in a cryptographically secured networks. What are you talking about?
Now whether you're going to use it as money, or as a mode of transpotation for information in general , I don't know and I don't care.
 The whole idea that the blockchain/bitcoin had no instristic value though is BS and it *always* comes about when the market dips. It happened with the Internet in post dotcom burst too... guess what, technologies are things too, often of great value....
Its exact valuation is determined by people, of course, the fact that is valuable it is not...
@_date: 2019-01-25 05:05:10
Yeah adoption is really stupid . Let us forego the fact that we are screaming for years that laymen should start using Bitcoin so it will become relevant. We may have just the instrument for that (along with more acceptance in stores that is hopefully coming through Bakkt) ... but yeah that is dumb. Instead a coin only used for speculation isn't dumb, it is what ubermensch think.
@_date: 2018-11-08 07:04:04
Only difference is that the economy was weak in 2007. The crash of 2000 was just around the corner and failed to top the top of 2000.
We did the opposite a few years back. We actually overtaken 2000's top this time confirming that we are out of the down period for good. This was only confirmed a few years back. When a long standing top (on S&amp;P 500) is overtaken we expect at least one more decade of growth, that alone places us in the 2nd half of 2020s...
If we get a significant downwards move before it would be another break with tradition.
IMO the market is still depressed. It hasn't fully taken in account the efficiencies enabled by automation but mostly the Internet, I think we'd soon adjust for them (next 2-3 years) and after it overcompensate. Once we do overcompensate then and only then would the market pop.
@_date: 2018-11-28 08:28:15
It's basically the greatest advancement in distributed databases since forever. I'm always close to such advancements. I was there in the early internet and the first smartphones as well. It represents one of the most exciting technologies in the world right now. One of the most beautiful experiments ran on the net to date.
I feel bad for those who only saw it as a way to gamble, I honestly do. The tech in itself is amazing though. Remember reading about how impossible the Byzantine problem was in early 1990s and why everyone and his dog was expecting distributed systems to never become too big due to it ... and bam, a random guy (who is probably dead by now) solved it in 2008. Whether Bitcoin dies or lives its legacy would be as great as ARPANet's or the first transistor's. Solid fundamental technology which would unleash the real power of distributed networks...
@_date: 2019-01-22 21:38:13
Give it up, it is not as decentralized as you claim it to be. The single OEM that has given its hardware may start having financial difficulties soon and as a last hurrah before going down may upload a firmware which bricks its miners allowing to perform an 51% attack. This is a single point of failure that general purpose mined coins don't have.
Yes, Bitcoin is more centralized than other coins as far as mining goes. Centralization is a range not a binary condition.
@_date: 2018-02-11 21:44:23
To be fair it has not disappeared. Someone stole it from you, sold it for profit and by now is in the Bahamas or any other tropical island celebrating -still- your money.
What happened with Mt Gox was unfortunate, but also a lesson. Exchanges are not banks, you only put there what you are willing to exchange, nothing more nor less. You are your own bank, that was one of bitcoin's initial purpose to begin with...
@_date: 2019-01-06 12:35:25


Lol reminds me of those that were telling (back in 2015) that they should had sold at $1000. If they had they would had lost the upside towards the $20k.
Likewise, if you had sold at $10k and were out of the game by now it is possible that you'd lose the next leg up (which iOS very probable).
Relax, we are at early adopter's phase. Give it time.
@_date: 2018-11-20 20:09:22
It is not Bitmain. It is the game. It is a positive feedback loop.
Even if Bitmain dies today, another player would become as dominant as Bitmain. Positive feedback loops do not turn into egalitarian markets. There is the 80-20 rule (pareto principle) that prevents that from happening.
One has to put artificial limits to keep the industry saner. Like "fining" big miners in proportionate amount that rewards small miners, adapt the hashrate first (by using an adaptive form of PoW) and then the difficulty .... etc
We still use PoW v0.1 . Updrade the method to modern needs.
@_date: 2018-03-27 06:51:06
Graphics cards are used on multiple levels by multiple people. They are dispersed across the globe by definition and being a potential competitor I doubt that established players would be keen to selling to bitmain in bulk.
Bitmain would have to create a gpu of their own. Which is very expensive and even when she achieves it , she would have to compete for memory chips with traditional players.
So yeah, it causes decentralization merely due to the fact that the traditional players' merchandise is dispered across the globe and Bitmain is nowhere near the level of giants (in either expertise or money) to build a gpu fast enough. Memory production bottlenecks makes the effect even more pronounced.
It's not easy to mass produce GPUs. There is a reason why AMD vegas were nowhere to be found from day one and that was during a relatively low profit period
@_date: 2018-03-28 02:12:56
"elected body of humans is somehow supposed to negate this flaw in humans."
"Negates" no. I clearly wrote that is only a touch better than an autocratic rule, but not a very good solution either.
It does lessen the problem though, yeah, certainly.
An autocrat not fearing reelection can act on his whims. An elected body has to think in 4-5 (what have you) year cycle.
Obviously it is not good enough. It's slower and of course completely misses the mid to long term solutions.
As for people not thinking of the wider good -I think- is in fact even more evident in tribal or pastoral societies. In a very great number of them murder rates of adversarial peoples are through the roof and while depression can well be lower it is not necessarily evidence of a better life.
 To be depressed you have to have time to think of things greater than your immediate survival and in failing to achieve them does lead to forms of psychic death, which I argue is better than a bodily death. IMO it's why societies were urbanised en masse (and continue doing so). It's the trade off they systematically accepted.
If anything I would expect that victims of psychic+bodily death in modern societies are about the same (as percentage of the population) as the victims of bodily death in more archaic societies. Psychic death, while torturous can -in principle- be reversed to a point, bodily death doesn't. 
It also allows for reproduction (unlike bodily death). Which is why both evolutionary but also psychological pressures selected for this kind of existence. Obviously it's far from ideal, but I very much doubt that a regression of any significant type would help. Existence was never easy, evolutionary speaking it shouldn't be, it's not in genes' best interests, only through competition can they achieve higher levels of adaptation.
I do agree that AI may help us to build better social systems though, but I do feel that AI's  possibility of helping governance cannot overstated enough. IMO a "deep consequences machine" can bring about peace and prosperity faster than any amount of automation...
@_date: 2019-01-23 05:26:14
Bitcoin has centralization issues of its own. Bitcoin is the Alpha version of what would become the world currency in 2-3 decades.
@_date: 2018-11-22 01:37:46
Having your computers create a longer chain of empty blocks for a week or so and suddenly transmit it to the network basically invalidating the last week of transactions. Imagines the chaos it will bring.
If the network ends up being a shadow of itself it would be relatively cheap to pull of such an attack. And of course the price of Bitcoin would tumble allowing your shorts to go through.
@_date: 2018-03-19 19:43:22
Funny thing is that it is quite less secure than a form of trustless concensus.
A government backed anything is relatively easy to be manipulated by special interests. It can be a better alternative than -say-  something that is backed by a single actor as it is harder to take control of, but still very much insecure.
A backing that comes from a set of incentives and math is better because it is *even* harder to be manipulated. So think of it as a continuum. 
An archaic form of trust comes from the authority of one or few people (thankfully we are over it).
A more modern form of trust is one coming from a complex amalgamation of elected officials, i.e. a modern government.
But the latest and greatest in that regard is having to trust noone specifically, or rather make it incredibly expensive to spoof a concensus.
So we had carts, then cars and now we have planes. For some reason mastercard still thinks that cars are faster than planes. I would think that they are technically illiterate, but it is more probable that they are slightly corrupt.
You can't talk straight nonsense from such a position, unless you are a little bit corrupt.
@_date: 2019-01-13 06:15:24
Like I said. This is a chicken-egg question..
Either vendors have to massively adopt bitcoin giving incentives to people to use it (say better prices). Or -oppsoitely- the whales should simply give up a big part of their stakes (improbable).
What happens in Bitcoin is true in any new asset. Few own a lot.
BTW a lot of those wallets represent millions of people as they belong to exchanges. However I get your point and sympathize. I just find it less of an issue than the centralization of mining which (if continued) can actually harm the security characteristics of bitcoin which are more central to it.
@_date: 2019-01-13 06:16:51


This *is* the subject. If you rack all the rewards and release them in the market if/when you see it fit you control the inflation rate.
@_date: 2019-01-11 08:11:10
Who's keeping the value of those coins stable?
What if the gatekeeper of those coins tells "I'm not transacting with those content creators" because I don't like their ideas?
Stable coins are the weirdest idea in crypto. You basically go back in trusting an authority (bitfinex, Gemini, or what have you). They are a good idea for limited use cases, not at all for unconfiscatability (they can well be confiscated by the gatekeeper refusing to swap their stablecoin for real dollars).
@_date: 2018-11-21 03:29:18
Pool was timing out so I pinged the website but I'm sure the results would had been similar.
Here's f2pool: 
BTW , I keep giving evidence and I'm still voted down. Some people desperately don't need this to be true (for some reason). Connecting to China to mine is foolish, I'm sorry.
@_date: 2019-01-19 07:38:31
Oh no, bitcoin is not anonymous. Those people are going deep into jail cells... 
Haven't they learned by all those before them that left a trail on the *public blockchain* and their dealings are forever there waiting to be decoded?
Dealing on a public blockchain is *asking* to be caught by some analysis tool. Worst use case ever , lol
@_date: 2019-01-20 03:53:59
Bitcoin *is* (very) traceable. Monero at least seemingly isn't. Meaning you lose track there. However you can control for the gateways (where BTC turns into monero). So yeah it is possible that Bitcoin enables perfect and total surveillance in the future.
@_date: 2019-01-04 03:36:14
I mean the guy is aggressively average. Most of what he says has been told from self help "gurus" for ages. Never understood the vitriol (*or* deification) that he receives.
Don't we honestly have more nuanced or more controversial people to either attack or admire? I am listening to his lectures the last few days and there is nothing out of the ordinary that pops in my mind, maybe his absolutely loathing of left from center politics, but apart from that everything else he says is too common sense to even matter. 
People that idolize him seriously have to find a better role model, those than think that he is the devil should have their ears checked. He is not a controversial figure... Unless certain media makes him to be one, but in that case stop reading said media, they try to drum up controversy from nothing.
@_date: 2019-01-02 06:20:55
Don't agree with many resolutions of the guy however he represents an actual use case. Being "persecuted" from normie mediums he found that he can fund his endeavors through a decentralized medium.
In so far more people realize this we actually have the first high volume use case that has nothing to do with BS speculation or countries in the verge of extinction. A use case that is also usable in 1st world countries. It helps that the guy is not a criminal and actually enjoys respect from a sizable part of the population (I.e. conservatives).
IMO that is huge and may be what drives the next awareness wave for bitcoin (for once nothing to do with its price but rather with its actual uses).
@_date: 2018-11-29 23:32:51
Tell me one asset that lost 90% of its valuation all the while its cap over some trillions and survived. 
Imagine if gold were to lose 90% of its valuation rn. Yeah, it may had not died (in theory) but in practice it would had been dead... Goddamn.
@_date: 2019-01-23 07:08:15
It is not impossible to have a blockchain without a figurehead. Say the originator dies (possibly what happened to Nakamoto) or becomes a caveman after publicly burning his key.
No reason why should it not work. If someone is serious about giving worth to his network he'd have to find certain ways to disassociate himself with it.
@_date: 2018-03-25 01:41:01
You do know that tether has nothing to do with bitcoin, right?
You can create a million scammy alt coins, it tells nothing about bitcoin's reputation.
It's like judging the safety of air travel by studying motorcycle accidents ... I mean wat?
@_date: 2018-02-01 11:01:13
It would probably been higher regardless (it *is* a relatively new and exciting tech after all). But, yeah, after the continuous crack downs on trading and mining (on diff countries) takes its toll we will be back where we would be if institutional money on US would had not accepted bitcoin as a legitimate trading asset (bitcoin futures).
Which I believe is more than 5k but quite less than 10k... Basically India and China are out at this point, that *is* quite a blow to a currency that wants to be global, 1/3rd of the world population is being shared between those 2 countries...
@_date: 2018-11-10 12:34:46
Oh no. John McAfeeee
@_date: 2018-11-18 00:21:33
The two are finally in an equilibrium. At the start of the year mining a bitcoin was insanely profitable. Now it is back to earth. Nothing needs to give. Hash always follow price, always. Now that we reached equilibrium if the price goes further down so would the hash, if it goes up, the hash would follow.
@_date: 2018-11-24 18:04:20
Again I didn't say that it is like a pennystock. Thus far it has not exhibited dying spasms. All I said is that *if* it starts exhibiting spasms (I.e. higher volatility than in the past at far higher volume) it would mimick a penny stock that is dying.
And I said further maybe we should not hope that it will exhibit such behavior in the future. If it starts mimicking . Then it is not far away from actually becoming what it mimicks.
It does belong to the speculative asset class though, as much as many penny stocks are as well. So it is half way there. It is not a good thing that speculation still drives bitcoin's price, even 10 years after its creation. At some point soon it has to find rapidly increasing adoption. *Soon* is the operative word.
@_date: 2018-02-01 16:42:46
That's not even a statement.
If you disagree on something, call it out in particular if not do not respond with such empty rhetoric. I don't usually downvote, but I downvoted you for not adding anything of value (you neither agree nor disagree in practice, despite saying that you do). Be more careful next time.
@_date: 2018-02-24 17:58:36
Even morality is regional though. There are many places of the world that porn is just fine, in others that it is a no-no. If anything laws end up to be the codified moral mores of each region. Pretty much what bitcoin was supposed not to play along (be global not regional)...
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:28:12
It's debt creation. It's exactly how regular banking is working to pump the value of everything you see around you. So far it hasn't imploded, long term it may do, but short term I don't see it as one of the main problems of the crypto world.
Don't take me wrong , their insistence in saying that they are able to back 1:1 every tether with one dollar is downright fraudulent, but the fraud will never touch us unless and until they overdo it with the pumping/printing. If they control themselves (say release 10 tethers for every dollar similar to what many banks do)  I don't see it becoming an issue anytime soon. Fractional reserve systems *work* in the short-medium term.
 It may well be a ticking bomb underneath the structure of crypto but if they are careful it may never go boom anytime soon. It's unlikely that everybody is going to ask for their 1 dollar for every tether they hold, at least not simultaneously.
@_date: 2018-02-28 02:11:24
Porn of the amount and caliber of recent is a new phenomenon. We honestly don't know what it would do to societies at large after a few generations get accustomed to it. It has been measured to have a significant effect to people's sex lives, so while it may be an aid to physiological health (semi frequent ejaculations seem important to prostate health for example) it may well have negative effects on psychological health.
The literature is severly lacking on porn's long term effects on the psychological health of people. No wonder given that it only got (*really*) big when the Internet became as big, so a decade give or take.
Since sexuality is basic to human emotionality I'd be surprised if porn is not to be found to have long term effects on humans . To what end I don't know, but liberal consumption of anything (be it tobacco, fats and sugar lately) does seem to alter basic human health (both physiological and psychological).
@_date: 2018-11-22 11:10:52
The tech would certainly not be fine w/e the price. Never got why people say that. Are they unaware how the tech works?
In short the price powers the security of the network. If it is up, stays up and then suddenly sheds 90% of it, it would mean that 90% of its security would leave the network make it an almost triviality to see it attacked (by some of the rest of the hashrate) and be shorted at the same time so that some actors would recoup losses.
IMO if Bitcoin goes below $3000 (less than half the break even) and *stays* there its possibility for being attacked go up. The further down it goes from 3k in fact and the further it is in those prices the more probable it becomes that it gets attacked. And eventually it turns into a virtual impossibility.
Bitcoin should absolutely find ways to not get that much more down and if it does it must goe back up before the difficulty window change happens so a few weeks at most.
A low, low priced Bitcoin risks it all.
@_date: 2018-03-07 14:58:11
Apparently Satoshi Nakamoto resurfaced on reddit using the handle SAT0SHl , insulting people and being full on on the side of bcash.
@_date: 2019-01-02 07:55:06
The unbanked won't make Bitcoin mainstream anytime soon. Whether you like it or not we need some "success stories" to side with our cause. Basically why I am also pro ETF and (was) pro Futures.
Systems have a knack to snuff out marginal opinions or marginal ways of being. If some of the people with huge following get over our fence we suddenly have a chance to actually change the world. It happened with the Internet it can happen with crypto too.
In that scheme of things banking the ubanked is would be a side success. It is certainly not what will drive adoption, anymore than going straight mobile in Africa (ditching the landline route altogether) was not the cause of the mobile revolution but rather the result of it.
I am fine with everything that happens lately. Finally a chance for crypto to become relevant in the western world for non BS reasons (I.e. non ponzi  reasons). I don't have to agree with these fellas to welcome their addition to our "roster"...
@_date: 2019-01-03 13:26:05
By 2040 Bitcoin's inflation rate would be less that 0.1%.
You have to also take in account that every year some bitcoin is lost forever. If in say 2041, more than 20k BTC is lost forever you could safely say that it was a deflationary year for it. Those are very realistic numbers so I expect that most of us would be around when BTC actually becomes deflationary (during some of the years)
@_date: 2018-11-06 11:06:17
Total hashrate is not more safety though.
Total decentralization is, but that's hard to calculate. Arguably Bitcoin is more centralized compared to other networks despite the (much) greater value / reward scheme.
@_date: 2018-11-18 12:21:29
Lol, did he seriously go there?
So a market that goes sideways for months , then decides to dump (massively) in a few hours and then continues going sideways as if nothing happened is not a manipulated one? Are you/he/they serious.
Of course when/if ETFs come online it would be manipulated. But at least it would be from known actors instead of some Chinese guy and Some Australian guy fighting their BS war and dumping the price.
In-so-far that Bitcoin goes up (long term) we should not really care who/which interest manipulate along the way. If anything the lot of them would cancel each other out. Anti-ETF guys seem to forget that unlike gold , Bitcoin is a new and dynamic commodity meaning that its long term trajectory is indisputable, it is only the short-med term that is manipulated. But even that is manipulated already.
And yes, ETFs would add liquidity to the market which will do wonders to Bitcoin's use case
@_date: 2018-02-19 18:27:00
But then you have to trust that one entity to not reverse payments without prior notice, to not freeze accounts without good reason, to not succumb to petty political mumbo jumbo ... if there is any reason that a trustless system is better is because of all those.
(Having to) Trust is not a good word in the world of transactions, paypal gets a lot of flack for a reason, people don't like to have their accounts frozen and one who had for no good reason would certainly not look for another payment system that is basically the same. That is where things like Ripple fail, they are a better form of paypal, but sometimes people just don't like paypal as a concept... who knew.
@_date: 2018-02-13 13:11:29
Yes, but to access that you have to have access to the email through which it is connected, either that or guess the  computer's ID. Which takes something like half a billion takes and on top of that another (several) trillion takes to guess that password of said computer.
It's almost impossible to brute force it, unless someone knows some of that info which means that he/she knows you personally. In that case it's closer to an "inside job" rather than a "hack".
@_date: 2019-01-07 13:47:48
Imagine a world where exchanges are decentralized ... Oh wait we do not live in that world yet. Yeah centralized exchanges should be regulated. As long as parts of the system are centralized we need regulation(s) of sorts.
 We'll ever be fully automated (unregulated by anything that isn't code) once we go full automated (*every* single step runs on a blockchain). Needless to say we are not there yet. Bitcoin showed the way, we haven't walked the path yet though...
@_date: 2018-02-10 07:12:44
That presupposes that you believe in the product. If you bought Bitconnect coin during its dip (it's still "dipping" btw) you'd reach bankruptcy before long (without any chance to get your money back of course).
So do not buy the dip. Buy the "dip" in things you actually believe in. And even if they fail, oh well, it was worth the risk...
@_date: 2018-03-04 03:04:02
The two are connected. If the economy goes down, Bitcoin would too. It's too young of an entity to play the role of a safe haven .
What's more probable is that recession happens -&gt; the main economies loses some as people remove their trust by liquidating assets. But if they do this with the main staples of an economy imagine the carnage that will happen to riskier assets (as bitcoin is *still* viewed as ... sadly)
What would be more proper is that if there was time given to bitcoin to justify its mere existence (by various implementations that affect the real world, as well as a better service than the current) and eventually became a staple of a working economy I *could* see how a downturn would have give a positive feedback (at least comparatively).
Unfortounately the Orange person that 50+ million people found as upstanding does not seem very knowledgeable. He seems a person of the gut (both figuratively and literally) meaning that he will lead us to recession faster thus not giving the time for bitcoin to get areal footing to the economy.
It's basically why you don't need tyrant types in office even if the alternative seems dull (they are practically duller by not allowing future ramifications).
@_date: 2018-02-24 16:44:11
Basically what Bitcoin vowed *not* to do, play by regional rules.
I can see why payment processors can go counter to Bitcoin's spirit. But what can you alternatively do?
@_date: 2018-11-24 22:16:12
Yeah, the same was said for any previous level that Bitcoin eventually broke.
The order books can change at any point (someone simply removes his interest, or rather many do at the same time).
@_date: 2018-02-04 01:43:43
Time travel (as a concept) pre-existed General relativity, obviously. But as a *scientific concept* it's a new one , all the while ignoring that subatomic effects do *not* transfer to the classical world that we occupy.
For example we cannot pass through barriers, electrons can. We cannot be in two places at the same time, electrons can. We cannot travel in time, in certain ways electrons/photons can... There are so many differences between massless/near massless objects and massive objects in experiencing the world that we could as well talk of two different universes when describing them. What is generally a rule in one, isn't on the other . To us time is *not* a dimension, we have no degrees of freedom.
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:21:14
They are as old as time. To make money there you need a greater fool to accept your worthless shiny metal that is never used for anything other than looking shiny ... oh wait...
@_date: 2018-02-04 06:26:01
In principle yes, in practice it would be tricky, probably impossible still.
But yes, there is nothing fundamental stopping photons from travelling back in time, which is where many sci-fi scenarios base themselves (but then tend to overblow things by having massive things travel in time).
I'd guess even transfering informations would be proved impossible though, many paradoxes arise for a reason (for example warning for an impending doom, thus avoiding the doom, thus whence did that message came from to begin with)... then again the paradoxes may resolve themselves ... who knows we're far from even attempting to test those ideas to begin with...
@_date: 2018-03-28 09:20:32
... they can't though. How are they going to create a trustless network that are also in control of?
The only major innovation of the blockchain is that it solves the issue of security. A centralized (bank based) blockchain is as useless as a centralized Internet (where every type of content comes from one source).
To the extend that the blockchain proves to be like the Internet (at all) it *will* harm the banking system. The comparison is apt. What is not clear is whether third parties will jump on it and basically mometize it (as they did with the Internet), because let us be frank, speculation (current phase) is not monetization, usage is...
@_date: 2018-11-22 00:44:10
That depends on the algorithm that is going to be used.
Ethash took so many years to become asic minable mostly because ETH itself was of low valuation and "not worth it" until early 2017. Once it "moomed" Bitmain almost instantly started working on an ASIC and by the following year they had one for the public, meaning they privately mined a few months before their public release. That's plenty fast, 6-8 months is the actual time. And -again- guess who would be first to dominate the space...
A simple PoW fork while great on paper, in fact has to be well thought out. Unfortunately an attack on the network leaves no time for core to actually make a PoW change that would be asic resistant so I expect the emergency PoW fork to become ASIC minable very soon in fact.
Unless of course they are already developing an "emergency PoW algo" already, for just that situation. But IMO they don't (at least some details would had been leaked by now).
All we can do is merely hope that Bitcoin does not go well below $3k (the break even for half the extant sha256 hashpower right now. And if it does let us hope that it will instantly shoot back up.
I don't think that the core team anticipates the full extend of ASIC mining's dangers mostly because Bitcoin rarely if ever fell (way) below its break even rate. Let us not test them. At least not just yet that the market is new still.
@_date: 2018-11-22 02:57:53
Not necessarily so. The infamy those wars brought rattled people's confidence. It will be some time before people would start trusting blockchain tech again.
An attack on Bitcoin though would had been far more catastrophic for obvious reasons. It is the reason why I don't find reasons for people to wish that Bitcoin goes too far down basically tempting people to attack it (because some will).
@_date: 2018-11-26 04:31:16
3500 USD was the exact bottom. From here on out we go sideways 4200 - 6000 region for half a year, then a sudden pump to 7000 - 9000 and a steady growth from there on out until the new bubble grows to 300k. Then it pops, rinse and repeat.
 Don't @ me
(Honestly nobody knows)
@_date: 2019-01-11 10:26:04
That is actually good news. Having a single OEM controlling such a big stake of Bitcoin's mining equipment actually was an argument against Bitcoin. If/when Bitmain goes bankrupt one less reason to disparage Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-13 08:28:58
Their volume is pitiful compared to Bitmex's derivative, OTC trading and actual trading. So no Futures affected nothing ... yet.
There is no short ETF in consideration yet. Even if there is (to be one), shorts balance a market. They are not the big bad wolf that many here seem to fear that they are. For every short a long should open. So if someone is shorting, another is longing, it all balances out in the end.
@_date: 2018-11-06 07:38:07
If you "solve" it then Bitcoin would be far cheaper to produce and thus centralized (to whomever with enough energy/will to play the network)
@_date: 2018-11-25 18:56:48
I did , many times, especially when it breached the 10k level. Heck I built a whole workstation by paying bitcoins.
It makes sense to spend bitcoin when it goes parabolic. Not so when it is going down 
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:46:04
Soo, bitcoin back to double digits? 
(Sorry but it was pumped, heavily so, by people who were in for the buck, from 2013 onwards at least).
Point is , maybe you need those, merely not when they pump and dump as hard (and let us not fool ourselves most of the 2nd half of 2017 was a giant pump which was dumped in early 2018)
@_date: 2018-02-04 01:35:16
Ok, it's now much better.
I have to conclude that you largely misunderstood my statement then. I'm very much pro cryptos and bitcoin as well, my only issue especially with bitcoin is its expressed need to actually become a currency (and not a store of value ) eventually. In that sense both China and India banned it as in not accepting it as legal tender as in there will be legal persecution if you try to run your business in a manner that lets you accept bitcoin payments exclusively or semi exclusively.
Unless and until *that* part of the equation gets solved (IMO you get cozy with people in power) bitcoin would always have problems. It's an excellent technology struggling to find use because of people and governments being set to their old ways. There has to be a campaign of information around what bitcoin *is* and what can further be, most people know it as either sth shady (dark web connections) or a get rich quick scheme (pump and bust cycles), which are all ridiculous ways to view it having come about the weak representation that Bitcoin gets to social and traditional media. I think *that* should change.
Bitcoin is NOT an outlet of criminals.
Bitcoin will NOT make your rich (especially is you don't know what you are doing)
Bitcoin CAN solve many of the world's outstanding problems if it is accepted.
If those 3 are to be understood, *then* we will see a boom similar to Internet's itself (because it is as a disruptive technology) . I am tired of Buffet and co calling it a scam, they have absolutely no idea what are they talking about and when smart people don't know what they are talking about about sth, then it's that something that has done some things wrong. And in case of bitcoin , it allowed wrong images of itself to fester and make people sceptical where they should not be.
Obviously it has real issues (scaling, the 51% attack) but they are all solvable eventually. Having a bad name isn't...
@_date: 2018-02-10 12:46:12
Satoshi was expressibg some pretty libertarian views. That is as far as socialism as you can get. Socialism is centralised control that the proletariat exercises over the resources of a country, the exact opposite of what bitcoin declares to be doing.
@_date: 2018-11-08 04:19:39
Those are the 4 major growth periods (bottom to top) that I can see the last 140 years or so. They all came after significantly low periods that lasted a decade typically (IMO the 1912-1949 period was 3 such periods in a row due to the two wars and the bubble pop in the midst of it). Last such low period bottomed in 2009, so like I said we are too close. We may have 1987 style crash, but 1987 stopped nothing, if anything the inexorable growth towards the 00s became even more intense during the 1990s.
Truth is, nobody knows but history shows that we are in the midst of a move, so we should expect some ... submoves within the move but probably not a trend change so soon.
Then again we may get it in 2021 as you said and get a low 20s ... this would be a break with a 140 year tradition. But sometimes trend changes do happen, so maybe this is the one. I just find it less likely (an early 20s pop) than what I expect (a late 20s pop), because it does not line up with many things.
One I already mentioned. Most people think stocks as a bubble, they did the same in early 1990s (I was there, I remember talks about it), meaning that we still have at least one more (upwards) move. Yes corrections may get more frequent for a time because of how "stress free" the price increase was until 2018 in fact, but that does not necessarily imply trend change. In fact it happened in the midst of other such grow periods as well, in some cases even lasted for almost a decade before the actual pop (!market was still trending up until then, despite the upheaval). Lastly S&amp;P 500 sports a measly 3x growth. Last trend changes happened after S&amp;P had added 6-7x (inflation adjusted).
So yeah, we may get a trend change and things may pop imminently, history makes me less sure about it...
@_date: 2018-11-21 21:23:31


I reread my post 10 times and I struggle to see how it reads like an orbituary.
I very much wrote what I believe is going on (we are bottoming out out of necessity).
I also said that if we are not it spells trouble, not death for Bitcoin. So again, not an obituary. Maybe you read another post.
And no , Bitcoin cannot survive going down to $1.5k and staying there. It would mean that it would have one third of its current security with 45 EH/s of hash power standing around. 
No way that *none* of it would launch an attack. First it cannot be sold for scrap as it will barely make them any money. Second they are standing idle so they are a lost investment, third the derivatives market gives one an apt revenue stream in case that they short and then attack Bitcoin.
It would be a seriously new territory if Bitcoin goes down to 15 EH/s all the while 45 EH/s of sha256 would remain idle. I would be veeery surprised if Bitcoin survives this.
Never happened in the past to have so much idle hashing power. So much more than the active mining power.
@_date: 2018-11-06 07:00:16
Hayes is foaming in the mouth for not being able to sell snake oil like he was able to a few months back. Good stuff, it means that we are on the right path.
@_date: 2018-11-30 05:43:00
4 years exactly. That is how much the two ATHs were apart. Late 2021?
@_date: 2018-02-04 04:33:20
Cryptographic transactions are light years ahead anything else, one must be mathematically illiterate not  to see this.
Then again if not bitcoin's it will be *some* kind of cryptographic method that will power the transactions of the 21st century. The intermediaries' method of doing business (and transact) has ran its course and is long overdue for a replacement, it's several centuries old FFS...
@_date: 2018-11-25 19:34:17
We didn't though. You are just leaving...
@_date: 2019-01-23 14:44:06
Some of them has less centralized mining, however more centralized development. They are not good alternatives to Bitcoin. Which is why I called *Bitcoin* the Alpha version of the future and not anything else.
Fintech takes time because there is a lot of game theory involved. More than in other technologies. I try to make sure that you appreciate how far in early days we still are. Judging by my down votes a lot of you don't, you probably think that some kind of social/financial is imminent. It most probably isn't. 
You need time to adjust a new system of governance. Firstly the generation that lived exlusively through the old (people beyond their 40s) during Bitcoin's invention should go out. Not necessarily (and literally) "die", mostly not be in control of thins anymore. That right there is one generation already. Secondly and in the meantime Bitcoin has to solve some of its outstanding fundamental issues. Mostly the centralization of resources that slowly but surely it lets happen..
I speculate that in the above Bitcoin would ultimately fail. I.e give the chance to an as serious project to take over eventually. The reason that I believe it will fail, is that most inside Bitcoin cannot appreciate the centralization that economies of scale can bring slowly but surely. However it is catastrophic given enough decades. The consensus should be global , in both location and diversifiction of opinion. This is a technical challenge that I am not sure that Bitcoin is ready or willing to tackle. If it does it will be the undeniable future. If it doesn't the one that it does those things will be the future (obviously not a PoS coin as they seem a step back to PoW, obvipuialy not a coin with central figures either as they are points of failure; maybe a project that is already built as we speak and its !mastermind dies and the community picks up his project? I dunno).
@_date: 2018-02-20 01:21:36
Which is why I don't see the point of blockchain for that use case. Why not use a shared database that is secured by the same 3rd parties?
The blockchain technology used in such a manner increasingly seems like an inefficient database. What benefits does it offer over traditional databases?
I mean the expressed use case of the blockchain is/was to secure a decentralised monetary system. It is taylored for that use alone. Not saying that it can't be used elsewhere , I just struggle to see its benefits against traditional alternatives.
@_date: 2018-03-26 08:56:45
If you were to make the PoW algorithm (to be) memory intensive you would be basically using the fact that there is little to no capacity to mass produce it outside established channels which would put Bitmain out of business for a while. 
Unless and until it produces enough memory chips so that to produce a memory intensive pow ASIC, but once out you'd hard fork into another memory intensive algorithm invalidating the one used on the extant ASICs...
I mean there are ways out. Less so for bitcoin as it cannot have its hashrate dwindle overnight in the hopes of decentralisation. This period of insecurity of the network could well be its doom for something as massive as BTC.... 
The "plan" is rather simple though. You keep on attacking the ASIC makers until they are out of business. Once they are, you hope that the new players go to more pools than one, you may also orphane some of the blocks, i.e. postdate their found date, found by the largest pools (so that the rewards would never exceed 20% of the total reward amount each day, instantly making them less profitable than smaller pools)
@_date: 2018-11-30 23:10:45
No doubt. I was mostly commenting on the title. Intel is not seeking energy efficient mining, but largely an energy efficient *miner*. An energy efficient miner does not lead to energy efficient mining due to the incentive structure that is inherent to bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2019-01-07 17:47:59
Or better yet don't use their exchange.
@_date: 2018-02-05 03:29:24
To hit $0 eventually it will have to find no use. To find no use means that an alternative mean of cryptographic payments will eat its launch. If you know which will it be tell me to put my money there
@_date: 2018-02-25 15:10:51
It can exist in parallel to fiat and do things that fiat can't.
By definition Liberland cannot exist in parallel with a less liberal state.
If it achieves in being a state within a state (i.e. for large scale disputes or invasions an external entity guarantees its safety) then yeah it may work.
But I speculate that it would be hard to keep a guarantor for long
@_date: 2018-11-06 06:57:03
Exactly Like Bitcoin and its Chinese mining operations :p
(Jk, jk)
@_date: 2018-11-04 11:55:05
Not if you pedal like ... really, really (...really) fast (then you become a millionaire or sth)
@_date: 2018-02-18 11:14:21
Can't even compute what this message means.
Do you mean (a) cryptos in general or (b) bitcoin in particular?
Because if (a) this comment does not make much sense. Reddit was built on a tech that held as much promise without any practical applications, once. So it's a bit ironic of a comment.
If (b) , again, a strange place to be in, I mean it's called r/bitcoin after all.
@_date: 2018-03-01 08:24:51
Heh, astrology works too if you "look for the signs" and basically align your life with the "predictions".
For example "my astrologer" says : you gonna "see" $ today...
And guess what, that is exactly what I may "see" if I go to gamble subconciously aligning myself with the "prophecy".
Self fullfilling prophecies work. Maybe that is how TA works. It's a mass delusion and the more people believe in it , the more it acts as a genuine predictor.
For example if TA says that the price will bounce at $6000 and enough people believe it, then they put their buys @ 6000 ... and that is *exactly* what happens (a bounce).
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:28:36
To be fair this has nothing to do with bitcoin.
Bitcoin's meteoric rise is almost in sync with the rest of 2010s bubbles (stock bubble, housing bubble, fine art bubble).
The notion that them goin down would benefit bitcoin's price doesn't seem very convincing. Maybe it will in the long run, but in the short run expect a crash of epic proportions that will make the Mt Gox era look like a walk in the park.
Btw it's true that we are in record debt territory, it does not necessarily follows that we are going to experience a deflation of epic proportions. There is a number of other things than need to go wrong as well, as they did in 2006-2008. Most crises do not happen because of one or two things going awry, but rather due to multiple system failures that come about less by domino effect and more by having been rotten concurrently, so when the domino effect does happen there is little to no resistance.
I don't know if we're there yet. What I do know that if we *are* there it would be the first real test for bitcoin. Remember Bitcoin is a summer's child, it grew, exponentially even, within one of the most disruptive periods of world economy (post late 00s recession). We don't know how will it survive the winter, it's very possible that it won't at all and something else replaces it entirely. 
So don't wish for what you don't actually want.
@_date: 2018-02-04 16:02:57
Being a deflationary system, you collect interest by holding it. But if you want to have control of the interest rate (or indeed make a certain loan agreement) then a smart contract of sorts can be employed. Benefits of being a programmable type of money.
 Obviously Eth seems to be better situated for such kind of things, but Bitcoin already has the capacity built in and is looked to be greatly enhanced in the near future.
But indeed it won't replace the banking system. Real reason is that deflationary models don't work long term. It will most probably work in parallel though. You'd have inflationary fiat as well as deflationary crypto. Meaning that it will always have a fiat value. I'm not making a prediction, I just find it the most probable way forward.
Btw its point was not to replace banks either, merely to be a P2P system of transactions that is secure and doesn't go through the banking system... It's quite simple really, I don't know why people imagine bitcoin or its impact as something too elaborate.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:54:19
The fact that criminals use the newest and most promising technologies beats me though. If anything that's a dent against mainstream society: why should marginal people make better use of what would well also serve mainstream society from the get go?
PS: I do think that the blockchain parallels the Internet almost perfectly, down to starting the next big bust even (whenever that may come) and of course changing society forever. The parallels are way too many to miss. They're both equally useless when not adopted and light years ahead whatever they replace when they are (adopted).
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:29:37
While I largely agree, your foundational thesis is wrong. In complex theory you can predict a system without being able to predict individual players.
In theory it should be easier to predict a bunch of humans than to predict an individual. It's called "an emergent property". In practice though even the emergent property is too complex so I agree with you that it is mostly horsesh*t.
I expect with better machine learning tecniques and even more computation to be able to predict mass behavior long before we will be able to predict individual behavior though... Of course for that to work you'd need to keep the machine hidden (*and* not act on it) lest it interfere with the prediction... The behavioral loops that will be created once such machines are invented , though, would be breathtaking...
@_date: 2018-11-25 23:45:43
The fact that the more mature an asset is , the less volatile it will be.
I'm sorry but I don't get where you disagree with or why in fact.
@_date: 2018-02-18 19:36:24
Why? For using a fractional reserve system exactly like fiat does?
Obviously they run a scam in-so-far that they "print" money out of thin air (btw not much different that the fiat scam), but I doubt that it is an actual danger to the ecosystem. 
The possibility that all USDT owners would ask their Tethers' worth in dollars simultaneously is close to nil. Actually it *is* nil unless someone decides to attack the network (by hoarding as much USDT as possible and eventually asking to cash out)
@_date: 2018-02-21 16:31:25
Not for nothing, never for nothing.
Charity happens in return of a better life to specific disenfranchised people. I know no charity that gives money to random dudes which may as well be super rich, at least not in stated purpose.
Like I said it never happens. 
@_date: 2018-02-03 13:02:53
Btw it's impossible to believe in time travel in the same way that it is impossible to believe of a place that is north of the north pole or a tasty colour. It's an exercise in absurdity. 
It all came about because some guy in the 1920s found out that time acts as if it was a dimension to massless or near massless objects (say a photon). But that is irrelevant to us because we are not massless, to us it is not a dimension and thus impossible to travel (in any direction). To us time is merely the rate of change.
/off topic
@_date: 2018-02-25 07:39:06
You will find the "live and let live" motto rapidly turns into "die and let (others) die" once a foreign army and/or psycopathic dictator takes over".
For all their issues modern societies reached a certain type of stability by minimising the above risks. Yeah, the trade-off is that the are not really liberal/free (IMO no modern  society is even close to libertarian standards) but what the hell they manage to exist.
I'd love a libertarian utopia, but much like the socialist utopia I'm not sure it can exist. Most often than not something unbelievably horrible happens to those places. So horrible in fact that books are written for those incidents. 
I don't know what cult will take over, or which army would disrupt that nation, what I do know is that I do not have a good feeling about this.
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:46:44
Both of those countries have banned it as a legal tender.
Say you have a cafe and you want to accept payment in bitcoins. In both of those countries it is impossible. 
You can probably use it as a store of value (in both of those countries for now), but bitcoin's main function (as a mean for transactions) is out. Let us not pretend that this is not a problem.
I feel that bitcoin will be a success (ultimately) if it wins the hearts and minds of people. That can happen both by persuading people in power *and* acclimatising people to its use (mostly through services/stores that accept it). 
In those two countries you have neither, IMO this is a defeat.
Btw I don't mean to be a downer. I do beleive in the future of cryptos and especially bitcoin. I'm merely suggesting that maybe it is time to stop being part of counterculture and start becoing part of the main culture through a rather aggressive campaign. 
It's clearly better than fiat in many/most things, literally , all you have to do is to win the people. IMO people dealing with Bitcoin development should also start caring about this aspect too. Their tech is worthless if nobody gets what bitcoin is.
 There should be a *barage* of information. If you do that then you'd have to stop worrying about silly laws aimed to harm the people. If that happens then people in India would be protesting against such ridiculous statements ("bitcoin can't be used as a legal tender" ... oh wait that's exactly what it is engineered to be, what.are.you.talking.about?)
@_date: 2018-02-01 10:37:05
It never really does, every new "high" is lower than the last. What happens right now (for the last 45 days) is the exact opposite of the run up that happened between october and december (which was crazy and needed correction).
IMO Bitcoin is getting back to where it would have been if not for that
@_date: 2018-02-04 09:44:41
I am not assuming, I am studying. The nature of time through the lens of complex system is very much my study subject for the last few years and my job description.
Obviously I am oversimplifying, but yeah it's mostly correct to theorize a bottleneck between micro and macro.
By classical world I meant the object of study of classical physics i.e. the macro world of the "in between variant" (medium sized objects, like us, like the mountains and the seas).
Obviously some of the quantum effects are visible in the macro world (for example superfluids). But again they need very specific conditions which once gone return to a more "classical" state...
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:16:40
They won't operate at a loss for too long though. If Bitcoin falls to $1000 you'd have most operating at a loss at current difficulty. If it stays there for long some would have to fill for foreclosure and their miners would stay idle. It is *that* hashpower that I'm concerned about.
Like I said, it may just make perfect sense for them to attack if they remain idle for long.
Maybe we don't need / need to avoid a cheap Bitcoin because it compromises its security?
@_date: 2018-02-04 04:36:19
That's a non statement. It's not *a* bubble, it is multiple bubbles that continuously crash. No other mania has been like this, nothing has crashed so many times and has come back. The latest crash was not even its most severe...
Yeah it will crash ... so what?
@_date: 2018-07-26 01:00:59
A lot is in the news, except this particular piece makes no sense. Yuan was devalued in June, also there is absolutely no reason that we would see a bitcoin centric rise in prices if it was "the Chinese dumping yuan", whenever something similar happens said money is diversified to more Cryptos than bitcoin.
Lastly the current bitcoin action is very reminiscent to Nov 2017 action which happened in anticipation of Bitcoin futures. Once said futures went live then and only then did we see a comparable rise to alt coins. This recent rise is too bitcoin centric to be due to anything other than bitcoin centric news I.e. ETFs. Meaning that the whole enterprise would peak mid August and then the altcoins would rise and that's regardless of whether ETFs are accepted or delayed.
The opening of the CBOE futures for example did nothing to stop bitcoin's fall from ATH.
Given how close are we to mid August I do not expect us retracing the ATH, 12k is a more realistic goal , it's also where I put most of my sales (that and 10k for being a psychological barrier).
@_date: 2019-09-28 14:19:09
This is not a BTC though (in the picture)
@_date: 2018-07-31 17:25:22
I wrote why nations have them illegal. Not that I agree with it.
It's like telling you that in evolutionary terms it is "killed or be killed" yet I do not believe in murder.
Just because certain things are in a certain way doesn't mean that I agree or want their continuation.
Think man, think! Up until my libertarian point I made no comment regarding my opinion on the matter, but rather that of historical facts (i.e. what has actually happened).
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:09:59


No it won't. Price does not have to be connected to mining prowess.


I only assumed two things. (1) Price goes down abruptly below mining profitability.
And (2l It stays down for a year or two.
Everything else follows automatically. You have nothing to assume about the rest.
Once those two happen , the idle hashing power has an incentive to attack


Because it is very probable to happen at least once. Gold went down and stayed down for the last 5 years or so. But gold unlike bitcoin does not give incentives to a group of people to attack it when that happens.
IMO It's a scenario that should be taken into account and dealt with, *because of* how probable is it to happen at least once in the future.
@_date: 2018-07-31 19:42:14


Either that or have the stones to replace the current system of (mostly) nation states and regional interests with a more global one in a manner that it is not bloody and thus counteracting the very thing you were wishing to achieve (remove the imposed limitations of nation states).
My advice is a practical one (don't deal with drugs) but not necessarily ideal. The ideal solution would obviously be to remove the root cause of what makes drugs illegal (and it is *not* some conspiracy even if it is co-opted by one).
IMO it's similar with aging. I find it a grave injustice that nature does against us (I.e. gives us the will to live but at the same time kills us in a tragic one way street), but you won't see many supporting anti-aging research or even see it the way I do. People love limitations , or at least a good swath of them do. It is mostly them you have against you.
@_date: 2018-02-19 01:52:50
Again, it will properly lead to a decrease of value if people start asking for their 1 USD worth for each USDT en masse.
Normally it should not happen. If it does happen it would be because of some mass panic. I'm for uncovering frauds, but ironically enough , uncovering this fraud widely enough would be what can cause the collapse (leading to millions, prpbably billions, lost) rather than the actual fraud.
Don't take me wrong Bitfinex and Tether *should* go down, but they were smart enough to place their bomb to the foundations of the recent valuations making it in the interest of noone to actually take them down (probably it is for those who are not in the market yet, but a melt down may not be in the best interest of them either).
In other words Bitfinex smuggled in fractional reserve banking to the crypto world and for much the same reasons that it happened in national currencies before, there is little to nothing we can do about it. And unless they overplay their hand they won't go boom either (at least not soon).
Just because something is a fraud doesn't mean it is not sustainable. IMO debt based economies are a fraud that eventually fill people with debts they mostly fall short of repaying eventually. In a way it controls them. But the system, as a system, has proven remarkably stable for half a century now ... everybody said it would collapse in a matter of years back in the day... it didn't, at least not yet. Debt is in all time high, nobody cares...
The bitfinex guys are cunning. They knew what they were doing from day one. They use one of the most foundational tricks of the current system...
@_date: 2018-02-02 11:54:02
Tulips are not easy to transfer, they are not easy to verify, they are not easy to be produced, they do not last.
Bitcoin like any new tech is mostly fueled by speculation, the technology itself isn't speculation.
As for the product I have used it many times to buy things, from theater tickets to computer hardware. Does that mean that it should have any price above $1? Probably not, but it *is* a product, unlike tulips which do look cool but I cannot use them as a form of payment.
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:35:16


Mostly China.
8cents per KWh
@_date: 2018-07-21 23:42:48
The Greeks were upset about the Euro. The Brexit guys, I don't know what they were upset about , the opinion is pretty manipulated by the media in Britain, there were always strong interests against EU in Britain. The Italians too have an issue with the strong Euro.
Both Greece and Italy are very pro EU though (Britain not so , historically so).
The Swiss model can only exist for one-two countries max. If everyone goes their seperate ways you'll have wars. That is pretty much the history of Europe. This is the greatest peace since the Roman Era and this time it happened bloodlessly.
I'm not pro EU though, merely was explaining how it is the least centralized form of governance yet. For example Brussels have less power than Paris, Berlin or even Rome ... which is quite interesting being the center of EU and all. I speculate that is one of the reasons why is it so much targeted by autocrats or people with autocratic tendencies (Putin, Erdogan , Trump for example).
@_date: 2018-07-24 14:09:09
Bitcoin would reverse course break the 6k resistance, fall to 3k, miners with high electricity costs would leave it so it would become more open to 51% attack, then someone will attack and bitcoin would be ded!
There. Is that a good imitation of what people say (or similar) for years?
Then again just because it didn't die in the last 10 years of its existence doesn't make it impossible for it to die in the future, just less probable...
@_date: 2018-07-11 20:06:53
There is a reason. Trends tend to continue ... Until they aren't.
Buying at 7k on a falling market is far sillier than buying it on a rising market.
Buy sentiment, never price... Especially in a speculators asset like bitcoin...
@_date: 2019-09-24 16:48:59
Almost opposite use case to darknets. Through them + bitcoins you have access to exclusive products. In here it is exactly the opposite as you have access to the same products as fiat (in fact less) + a step that is required from you.
People will never buy BTC to buy whatever fiat could already buy. Forget about it.
Bitcoins is not a private coin, it is a pseudonymous coin, it's easier and easier to identify the user. Far easier than is it with cash. Your probably have privacy coins in mind.
As for Gemini, sure, however they are also a whale and having few whales accumulating it creates more problems than it solves. I would have had no problem with Gemini if it was not of the very few that accumulate. Since that is not the case though I'm kind nervous that few own so much...
@_date: 2018-07-24 16:41:24
Futures opened 10th of december, BTC was 15k at the time. It added another 5k to form its all time high in less than a week since.
I doubt that futures played a role to bitcoin price's subsequent demise. It went from 5k to 20k in less than 2 months. Nothing that goes as parabolic stays as high.
If ETF decision is anything close to that we may get another 5k in a week and depending on what preceded it , those levels may hold this time.
@_date: 2018-07-28 00:02:17
Oops wrong thread.
But anyway I made the same point in here too.
I am not saying that falling to $1k would kill Bitcoin but I **am** saying that it will put it in danger.
I think many people here overlook game theoretic ways in which things can go haywire and one of them is to incentivize miners to become extremely aggressive. Most won't but even if some would act on said aggression it can be enough to bring mayhem.
You cannot just pretend that millions of equipment of sunken cost will just stand idle for years to no end, *some* will take action, *some* of the miners are ultra aggressive, already even but the profits keep them at bay.
You have to have backup plans in case such a scenario plays out and some of them decide to attack. You have to be wary of miners....
@_date: 2018-07-14 19:19:08
No the market does not produce competitors. Which is why most tech industries are either monopolies or duopolies.
Are you from this planet?
Yeah I know what the econ 101 textbooks read, that is almost never how things happen in the real world.
Tell me how many social networks directly competing with Facebook do you know?
How about search engines?
Oh there must certainly be more competitors than Intel on the CPU department?
AMD, Nvidia...remind me the 3rd GPU manufacturer.
Surely there must be more SoC providers than Qualcomm in android phones (guess what they were all closed down, it's all Qualcomm or in-house these days).
Stop reading textbooks and start reading news reels, court testimonials. You know , things that actually happen in the real world. I can provide you a dozen more.
Don't take me wrong, I'm a believer in markets as well, but unlike you I don't think that they manifest themselves in the straight forward way that textbooks will lead you to believe. In fact we hardly live in a free market environment. It's mostly interventionism with some markets sprinkled in.
So yeah, the market will provide us with competitors, if you wait long enough and the system changes. Until then you will end up with one, max two players and if one of them is Intel ... we're f'd . They had no qualms to keeping the world productivity back by providing sh*t chips to most of the professionals using laptops for almost a decade. You had performance everywhere leapfrogging but laptop CPUs did 2x at most in a decade.
Yeah, the market sorted that right out. You live in a fantasy land and I suggest you to get out of it... I don't know how old are you, I'm probably twice your age, but the sooner you wake up to the realities of the economy the better of you.
@_date: 2018-02-01 10:39:26
For the time being it goes back to the mean, if it goes below that, then yep it would mean that massive amounts are being deinvested which would be as you called it "crashing"
@_date: 2018-07-23 20:01:52
Just sell everything and buy Bitcoin dude! Do it! Now! We are in the fomo train and this time there are no stops. Full on ahead to save McAffee's d*ck.
Seriously though, fomo or not we are possibly going waaaay down if this run gets rejected...
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:37:15


The EU. Most decisions are made in regional centers.


Yes! It has been vetoing most of everything that does not suit it for years.
Beats me why they are out. Something to do with media manipulation.
London was very pro EU though for a reason, it is the countryside that voted out.


That is factually incorrect. The EU president is a shadow of the powers that the US president had even from the get go.


Nothing is "something , full stop".
That is political line, I am allergic to them. Politics is about as accurate at describing as reading goat entrails. Don't trust it one bit.
I trust in data. If something works it works, if it doesn't it doesn't. Globalism from a centralized point of control won't work though. Too complex of a system. Which is why we never had such a kind of globalism, it is aboogeyman that conspiracy theorists invoke. On the level of Santa Claus and his elves, it requires naivette to think that a from within a smoky room the world is controlled. That is not how complex systems work...


That is a very unpopular idea within Europe. Pretty much all countries want to remain and the rest want to enter (say Balkan counties). UK was always an anomaly 


Almost nothing is. World GDP, expendable energy, calories per person, human longevity and many many other are going up amongst the centuries, especially lately.
World wealth is not something fixed. Even the poorest region is wealthier than the wealthiest one 500 years ago. We do not live in a static world, factually so.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:40:12


Again I am using facts, not ideology. London is massively pro EU and it is the part that is pushing for a soft brexit. They feel as if they are losing power if they severe their EU ties (the City would lose a lot of its glimmer).


That is not why the rich get richer and the poor gets poorer. Things tend to polarize in nature unless an external force is applied to create balance of sorts. The period between the 1950 and the 1970s where the imbalance of wealth became lower was an anomaly. What is happening since is the rule. Globalism or not it would had happened. You are searching for easily understood reasons to complex problems. Like I said , politics is about as accurate as reading the entrails of a goat.


Again what is globalism? Thus far you talk of a bogeyman.
Are you against free trade, against the movement of people? Those things were tried in the 19th century and ended up to WW1.
Politics don't work they always create catastrophe. Better to turn governance into science because if not we will revert into a war like world again by retrying failed doctrines.


Again nothing to do with them being anti-EU . In both Italy and Greece people voted for a populist government and they are still strongly pro EU.


Technology is not created in a vacuum. Close the boarders restrict the flow of information and technology stops being developed and we end up in a zero sum world. It is a self fulfilling prophecy.


The resources are not limited. There is a whole universe of resources out there. But we will never reach it if we start playing zero sum games and restrict the development of science and technology by balkanizing the world and restricting the inflaw of good ideas and good people...
@_date: 2018-07-30 07:22:35
You basically sweep all the transactions of the last block and include them in "your" block only reversed. Of course the rest of the miners would disagree and not include your fraudulent transactions, but so what, you are the biggest chain. So they'd keep adding new transactions, and you'd reverse them too.
Basically nothing will move from place A to place B because in the exact next block they would move from place b to place A. So nothing would ever move for hours/days to end.
@_date: 2018-07-11 07:41:26
As long as you read such news you *know* we have ways down. Depressing headlines indeed....
Unless even its most fanatic adherents lose faith in it it mean we still have fat to trim.
@_date: 2018-07-28 23:03:51


Well that's not my scenario. My scenario is if the price goes and stays down for a year or two. Any other way and you don't have disgruntled miners.


Hardfork policy in case of abrupt change in price which stays so for long.
It can automatically be triggered if difficulty goes way down and stays (way down) for long.


No? It's a value sharing network. The first of its kind to do it relatively robustly and safely. Prime movers don't fair well. Not saying that bitcoin won't. Being a prime mover is also "having a halo" above you. So it's up to Bitcoin to lose its position, say a fundamental flaw of sorts like the one that I'm describing going unsolved for long...
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:42:27
It's infinitely minable?  ...then again you don't hold if you mine..,
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:52:00
Yes, those selling to them not so, which is why I said "not that good".
@_date: 2019-09-09 09:42:21
Are you serious right now? Is shooting "people that try to steal from you" what makes you feel safe?
What if the central government votes an unconstitutional law, like -I don't know- restricting the use of  substances, or there is illegal taxation? Can you *actually* defend yourself from a government gone wrong, because the way I see it you do what you're told in **blatant disregard** of the states' or indeed the individuals' rights.
What will happen if you disobey an unjust law coming from the Federal government. Are they going to use violence on you or not? Do you have the capacity to defend yourself against those injustices?
The possibility for self defense was allowed *precisely* to keep the central government in check. It knowing full well that if things go too awry the populace may overtake.
And despite all that you agreed on myriad of restrictions against owning  (real) firepower. How does *that* make you feel safe?
BTW , I'm not from Norway and an even more restrictive legal framework is not and would not be my choice. I'm merely disregarding US's "freedoms" too...
@_date: 2018-07-14 10:44:31
They won't though.
Their track record is the opposite. Keep the good products to corporations (Intel xeons), keep giving the same thing to consumers again and again.
Intel Xeons saw their core count increase each and every year. Consumer product are stuck to the same basic performance for almost a decade. I know few centralizing forces more potent than Intel.
I don't know why should an alt community like bitcoin's should celebrate whilst the very product they are supporting was built so that to be freer by the likes of Intel....
@_date: 2018-07-21 15:38:02
One cannot exist without the other. You eventually end up with high tarrifs to the point that transnational trade would only make sense for few things.
How are you willing to compete with east Asia cheap labor that is in east Asia. Either you get cheap labor yourself or you put astronomical fees so free trade goes caput. 
Like I said antithetical opinions. You cannot hold both.
@_date: 2019-09-21 10:25:40
Marcus and Wiley filled a void. If not for them maybe something else would have pushed the market over the top. Also such bots existed before and after that period, what made them particularly successful was the lack of resistance which would already be there (are rather not be there) without them which may have caused a boom regardless, not as steep but more sustainable certainly.
Over the long run bots are not as important as many think, they merely show what/how the market is in a more efficient/faster manner, but eventually without the fundamentals they are ... limp d*cks...
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:25:04
So just 4 people basically decide on whether Bitcoin lives or dies? Great!
If this run goes totally sideways (i.e. stops short, reverses violenty -as it already seems to doing- and then crashes below the $6k support towards an uncertain end) you'd have many/most miners sitting, opening Bitcoin to an attack.
Indeed it is possible that those 4 ratified the death of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:24:05
Because right now they make huge profits merely by mining.
In my scenario mining would be pretty even and for some not profitable even.
In my scenario you would have millions of equipment sitting possibly for years. Then and only then would that act as an incentive to attack.
What we have now (profitable to mine for most/all) compared to what I described in my scenario (unprofitable to mine for most) are two almost opposite situations. What is true now would not be then.
Price can inverse the incentive structure (I.e. incentivize an attack). Price matters.
@_date: 2019-09-24 22:00:52
Trading view tells me that we never got below the 50 weekly EMA (during an uptrend) without entering a bear market. A weekly close below $7.8k in fact would trigger a bear market (again according to the past 9 years). No way we bottom at $6k if we re-enter a bear market. Then again history does not always have to repeat (though in Bitcoin's case it rhymes, remarkably so)...
Not saying that your levels won't happen, it would merely need for Bitcoin to break with tradition and and in certain thing bitcoin seems very unwilling to do so (like the 50 EMA say)
@_date: 2018-02-05 03:26:45
You missed my final paragraph "if it is to find a use it will find a value"
@_date: 2019-09-22 13:02:31
If BTC needs to be useful in things other than speculation it is pretty much what is needed. Reduced volatility only sucks for/to gamblers, for the rest it would be a godsend, Bitcoin may finally become useful (who knew the day may ever come?)
@_date: 2019-09-01 19:36:43
The parabolic part of the cycle may vary, however the full cycle was indeed close to 4 years (the last one at least).
The one that just ended was Jan 2015 to Dec 2018. That's 47 months (bottom to bottom). And the one before it was 3 years almost (Dec 2011 to Jan 2015), 
And if you account its genesis block as its first bottom (value was literally zero). Then the first cycle was Jan 2009 - Dec 2011 (~3 years also)
If you go by peaks then you have mid 2011 to late 2013 (2.5 year cycle), late 2013 to late 2017 (4 year cycle).
I much prefer bottom-to-bottom as a way to measure cycles though, it makes more sense, both for measuring the intervening time and the appreciation that happened between them (infinite first time around, I.e. $0 to $2; 80x next time around, I.e. $2 to $160 and 20x last time around, I.e. $160 to $3200... Maybe next cycle bottoms at $16k I.e. 5x above last one ... who knows :p )
@_date: 2018-07-31 18:38:45
Again, I am telling you why/how narcotics became illegal in the first place.
It is possible that something can start with the best intentions in mind (protect the populace from outside interference) and become co-opted for more shady ones.
I do not subscribe in conspiracy theories wherever I can avoid them, but conspiracies can and do happen. But when they do they use extant structures. If you have seen their history they rarely (if ever) create structures themselves. Like I wrote above, they coopt extant structures.
Whatever the reason that narcotics remain illegal today, it is not the initial reason of why they became illegal in the first place which is what I was struggling to explain in my initial post.
And as long as the initial reason remains as strong, it would be hard for them to be legalized any time soon. I can see it happening with drugs that are harder to use in assymetric warfare (say cannabis), but very possibly not to the rest.
@_date: 2018-03-30 17:21:41
This makes little sense though...
2014 , presented us with a liquidity shock.
We do not have that now. Why should history repeat itself?
@_date: 2019-09-09 15:19:36


I am making fun of how much you mishandled the spirit of the 2nd amendment. How is it not obvious that I'm a fan of it?
Also the individual rifle cannot do shit against the air force or an increasingly mechanized army. But ok. Be OK with not having a right to owning drones, Anti Aircraft batteries, armored vehicles....
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:21:50
A hard fork would basically reset Bitcoin, so in whatever algo it may fork into the same imbalances of power may be recreated.
@_date: 2018-07-22 13:26:45
EU is interchangeable with EEC which existed since 1956.


Less American interference in EU politics = Worse trade deals.
Maybe not Trump, but certainly people in his cabinet are afraid of that.


Through the 80s and the 90s UK would consistently poll against EU. It was always a razor thin edge. It was always a matter of time that they would be out.


Again that makes absolutely no sense. Nothing as big can be controlled centrally.
Like I said see how the EU model works. Some of the decisions work intra EU, some only work in individual states.
Berlin, Paris and Rome are more powerful than Brussels. That is provable by how many decisions (that were applied) are born within those cities and how many were born in Brussels. 
Nobody wants Brussels over their heads which is why they only accept it so much, hence the decentralized model of EU (which is very different than the USA's Washington centric governance, where most decisions that affect everybody are being made there).
A world government can work along similar lines (fewest things are decided at the top, few at a lower level, more are decided in intrastate level and most are decided locally).
Again a working model of globalism can only exist in a Decentralized manner. A centralized global governmetn would crumble the next day under its own weight, nothing can work when such extreme complexity exists, the mechanism dies.
EU is very popular in most EU states, if you lived in some of them (as I did) you would know. Only UK was consistently anti EU (through the decades) and are now out. IMO they should had never entered, the populace was always against it to a large point.
How the EU works in brief: 
Very deficient still, but ages ahead of the federal System of US or of course member states have loose collaboration which can often turn into a zero sum game.
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:35:41
Chart analysts should have told you that a dive within the weekly EMA ribbon was expected but only as a wick (I.e. we get back to 9300 and above before the end of the week).  
Not that chart analysis is anything very legit, but yeah if we get a repeat from 2015-2016 a dump to $8k was expected, but a dump to $6k (below then ribbon) was/is absolutely not and we should expect a new winter, again a according to chart analysts (when we go below the EMA ribbon we stay there for months-years).
Chart analysis is talking out of your a$$ (mostly). What the guy does is talking out of his a$$ squared.
@_date: 2018-07-21 01:56:59
No way. If we reliably break 6k we go way lower than 5k. It will shatter the trust of bulls for a swift recovery. Sometimes a line on the sand mean something, especially if it is held for almost year (ever since it was first passed in October 2017,  basically the root of the Nov/Dec parabola)
@_date: 2019-09-02 06:55:13


You have never met market movers then. It is unimportant what they hold.


You literally quoted the CMC app


Well if you read it would. I not only explained to you how CMC dominance is BS (if you go by volume actual dominance is and always have been way higher), but also how it historically is **inversely** correlated to BTC price.
Whether it makes sense or not to you is irrelevant. You are cheering for a made up metric which has only harmed Bitcoin in more ways than one. Read more about the things you support.
@_date: 2018-07-21 02:04:11
Bitcoin Jesus certainly [would]( :p
@_date: 2018-07-18 16:05:54
Haha bitcoin is ded
(good enough?)
@_date: 2018-07-22 17:31:43


I am not ideological in the least. I do not even vote, I do not believe in democracy. Something is either a good idea or not, voting has nothing to do with it.
I believe in data driven governance which involves an automatic vetting process (say a blockchain) and an automatic decision making (say an AI).
Ideologues believe that there is a line which would always work.
My only ideology is the belief in data and experimentation because it is self evidently true (it took us to the moon and further still).


I do not believe in politics. I am not doing politics. I believe in research science and technology. Politics is for the idle minded. Never accurate.
Leave nature to its own devices and it polarizes. No need to find some big bad cause. It is where things tend to go.


War is the steady state of human societies.
We live in extraordinarily peaceful times by any standard imaginable.
Again people do more politics and less studying. Politics is anti intellectualism it will tell you how things aren't. I fear the greatest peace in human history can revert to an era of violence because of false positives and alarmism.
I recommend that we should understand politics as a failed science (it is actually a pseudo religion) and upgrade it into a data science. Things are in a certain way and not another and the human brain is too small to comprehend.
Politics imply that the human brain can understand something that it clearly doesn't . The whole discipline had some merit in a simpler world, at this point it is a scam at the same level as astrology. It has to be replaced by something that can actually make predictions.
Game theoretical AI, information feed vetting, etc.


Because the Italian President refused to give him his position. Not a grand conspiracy, unless you are one of those that think that the world is as simplistic as to be able to be controlled by conspiracies. Then again you believe in politics so I wouldn't be  too surprised.


Most of the US awesomeness is built on the minds that Europe bled during the WW II. Plenty of Nazi, Italian and soviet scientists.
In fact it still does, the academia is dominated by foreign luminaries as a percentage of the population (as compared tot he general population).
Close the boarders and you lose all that. A bit of how soviets lost all their limmer little by little. And soviet tech went from awesome in early 50s to following in late 80s.


But you do. My inflation adjusted $1000 dollars can buy me a supercomputer of several trillion $ of 1980 dollars.
Again there is a universe of resources out there it is only a matter of developing the right tech to get it.
Aye there is scarcity in the world but it is less as the years pass. Cars are less scarce, supercomputers are less scarce, food is less scarce. And if continue in this way we will enter an era of plenty. But of course we have to continue doing what we do right and not fall into pitfalls of the past.
Ultimately it is an issue of scale. The problem is at least two orders of magnitude greater than any human can understand (which is why politics is BS and a snake oil).
@_date: 2018-07-28 04:33:46
You can't pay electricity in BTC that is why.
The price of electricity is not some dark magic.
For example cost by source: 
And also educated guesses on the cost of the people involved and the land cost...
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:06:51
Oh "sweet child of summer, what do you know of winters?"
Bitcoin is a summer child, grown out of one of the weakest recessions in economic history  which in turn spearheaded one of the greatest bubble growth in economic history.
If anything bitcoin is one of the small bubbles. It doesnt hold a candle to the debt bubble (derivatives) and pretty much most bubbles dwarf it. 
But being a small player isn't to its benefit. When those bubbles burst (and it is a question of when , not if) , low volume, high volatility assetts would be hit the worst. I can well see bitcoin losing 90% of its value *at the time of the burst* (which means run 90% below *on top of the latest 70%*)  which means that depending on which phase the next depression hits bitcoin it can lead to its extinction...
This is some existstential sh!t, if you want to explain it away through envy be my guest. I bought at 2k (last may), sold at 6.2k (2 weeks ago), I'm out. What about *you*?
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:30:00
Obviously it doesn't exist. I wrote how it will exist if we go to $1k and stay there.
You make have to pay $0.04c for electricity but you do not include the cost of having to pay your workers, the dead or dying miners, the accidents, the land and all the other small costs that arise with mining Bitcoin.
Even at 0.04c you are a minority. Many/most miners are far closer to $0.08c because of all of the above costs and possibly higher electricity costs.
Those are the ones that will go dark.
BTW even you would need to stop mining if the price falls to $1k under current difficulty, even if you had no other cost other than electricity. That is how low $1k is currently.
@_date: 2018-07-27 01:10:54
A double spend attack is what I was thinking. Basically counterfeiting bitcoin to no end , debasing it and see its price plummet all the while you have heavily shorted it beforehand.
It makes perfect economic sense if you just spend millions to your miners only to see them idle for several months or more (say bitcoin falls below 2k and stays there for a year or two).  Maybe you had enough and want your millions back and shorting bitcoin all the while debasing it seems like such an easy way out...
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:31:45
Hmm you don't say much at this point. Reported.
@_date: 2018-07-13 13:21:13
Sorry for replying to such an old post... But if the price drops to $100 *after it has climbed to $20000* bitcoin would die. 
It's one of the traps that PoW sets, I.e. the prices has to steadily rise else 51% attacks become a certainty.
I mean if prices goes to 100, especially if it goes there rapidly either of the two would happen: people would mine at a considerable cost (they won't ) or the vast majority would switch off in which case your network is open to a 51% attack.
I mean if you are an ex miner that can't sell your asics, one whom bitcoin eventually cost him a lot what stops you from waiting the hashrate to adjust to $100 and then attack the network so that attempt to forge payments and cover your operational costs?
The network would be insecure by then so it would be relatively easy to pull the attack and with so many in the red many may feel the need to cover their losses any way possible. Many may be tempted to attack the network. And with such a gigantic -sitting- installation of ASICs it would be a ... "Child's play".
Honestly, it's one of the question that pow networks, especially asic mined ones, need to address, " what happens in a violent move down where the vast majority of the potential hashrate sits idle. Isn't that hashrate a giant vector of attack that nobody can really stop?
@_date: 2018-07-31 01:41:50


You don't need to change them. Just those (the honest ones) that happened just after you took control
Point is to cause as much disruption as possible, i.e. bring the blockchain to as much of a halt as it is humanely possible. Even if it is not a 100% halt, the possibility of disrupting a multibillion (probably multitrillion by then) blockchain won't be a small thing to consider.


Obviously. But you have to be in control of news to do that. The miners aren't *unless* they launch an attack. It would be the (disgruntled) miners' way to take control back even temporarily.
Again in my example I posit mining factories being out of commision for months, unable to sell their equipment for scrap because the market is down for so damn long and nobody wants your equipment. So you wait for a recovery, but a recovery never comes, or rather it seems to be way into the future (a bit of how the present gold market seems to be), in which case you form a dark pool and gain the support of many others in your position, cause your own event, inside trade based on it and make most of your losses back...
Like I said, there is nothing to stop this if the market goes down and stays down and you have a lot of sitting hashing power for long. They'd potentially turn hostile.
My idea is that there should be an automatic response of the network in case that such an event takes place (difficulty goes way down and stays down for long). I don't know what that may be, but a failsafe *should* exist. The network should have way to combat hostile miners if they become the majority. 
And In general miners should be thought as neutral actors, meaning that the network should always have ways to drown them in their own blood in case that they turn rabid. An immune response of sorts which would kill off the cancerous miners. A bit of how the human body has mechanism not only to combat outside attackers, but also turncoats (cancerous cell). In each and every person's bodies a genocide of cancerous cells is commenced every day by his/her immune system. This much death is needed for the continuous function of the body. I think the network should also be skeptical of miners, they're potentially bad actors. And if things turn many *will* turn coat. Like I wrote above "you should always be ready to drown them in their own blood"
@_date: 2018-07-13 05:51:19
That site is no good. Bunch of old data along with silly interpolations sprinkled in-between.
For one bitcoin gold can't be attacked by nicehash because it can't be mined by it to begin with. Back when it could its hashrate was big enough that again one could not had attacked through that vector. It was definitely asic bornt the attack which is what caused BTG guys to fork in the first place.
Secondly anything in grey you can safely disregard. Those are the figures of the money you would have to spend *if* those coins could be attacked by nice hash . None of those can though, so it is a faulty interpolation.
That website is relevant though for some of the smaller coins (but they are forking to nice hash resistant algorithms an masse). Nicehash indeed is/was a potential vector attack which is why I don't think it will be around for much longer. Most coins worth their salt would fork away from it, either by adopting asics or an algorithm that is hard to implement on the nice hash scale (I.e. one that is rotating for example).
@_date: 2018-07-29 16:20:35
Perfect maybe not. But cheaper certainly. There is nothing to buy , it's simple math.
If you have 20% of worldwide hashpower mining and 80% idling , especially if this situation plays out for a year or two, then it actually *costs* to idle power to not attack. Because said power costed millions to build and is now idling, an attack can only cost a few thousands (the electricity costs during the attack) and net your millions back (via inside trading).
Again there is nothing to buy. It is simple math. Give people incentives to attack, directly or indirectly, and they will.
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:15:04
Again some miners would still be making profit, I never disputed that, the vast majority won't though. Unless you think the vast majority are in those hydro valleys using "free electricity". I kind of doubt that. If that was the case we wouldn't see the volatility in hashrate that we saw once we dipped below $6000 lately (and I bet you the volatility would increase if were to dip further), it shows people getting in and out from mining bitcoin's depending on the difficulty/hashrate at the time. Meaning in turn it was already starting being unprofitable for many, at least for certain periods of the day (higher electricity costs?)
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:03:48
Lol at people being in a bitcoin sub all the while being against open, borderless, transnational world. It boggles my mind how opposite those two are yet in some people they can coexist...
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:35:25
Nobody can really step in though. That is the point of an open trustless, transnational network. That it gives sh*ts for noone but also noone in particular can protect it.
My numbers are precisely being calculated by current difficulty, I showed to you how. Replace "electricity cost" with total costs accrued per Bitcoin which includes a whole lot more than electricity costs, if that makes you feel any better.
Also it is irrelevant how much Bitcoin cost to make 1000 years ago, point is that if it falls to 1000 and stays there it would be unprofitable *now* for the good majority of people to mine it and then some of them will have all the incentive in the world to attack after having shorted Bitcoin with leverage. That is a real danger and I do not see why you belittle it, game theory tells you that you should attack if "not attacking" brings you costs.
@_date: 2018-07-30 18:34:52
No I talk about a time where there resting (idle) hashing power is greater than the mining power (people who would mine).
That's a virtual certainty it will happen at *some* point.
What's not certain is whether the "idle power" would be desperate enough to attack. This can only play out if the price goes relatively abrupty down and stays down. 
Say for example that we're currently in the start of a fall towards $1k, and then *stay* there for a year or two. Again, less probably but far far more possible than rogue suns and asteroids.
@_date: 2019-09-16 11:45:30
ASIC mining mostly makes sense to power companies and in general to those who have swathes of power, in general the elite.
The day that the bitcoin community accepted that specialized hardware (I.e. not the type of hardware that people own) should mine the network it is the day that they gave up security to big corporations.
Ever since, we are forced to hope that corporations will never form a cartel and play fair (and to be fair they do/did so up until now). Eventually I expect them not to though and I think this to be the no1 vulnerability of the network , I.e. that mostly or only big corps mine it.
I honestly hope that the community would think seriously of the consequences of a corporate-mined network and how dangerous can it be long term. I mean if we are ever to reach hyberbitcoinization I honestly hope that this issue would have been seriously tended by then..
@_date: 2019-09-05 01:19:43
BTC always wins in downtrends. If you bought alts in Jan 2017 and sold in Jan 2018 , story would be reversed.
During manias alts appreciate faster, long term BTC does...
@_date: 2018-03-26 22:05:09
ASIC means algorithm specific IC. Once one does that you hard fork (a bit of what monero would do shortly).
Your question should be why not create AAIC (allgorith agnostic ICs), basically create GPUs for mining. My answer is above already, it is too expensive and will cut on their profit on no time. The sheer RnD needed to compete with AMD/nVidia would be incredible and I doubt AMD/nVidia would sell to them cheaply either..,
@_date: 2019-09-24 15:54:29
An assert with no many ways to get hold off will never get worldwide adoption.
Nobody is going to BTC to buy something for which fiat would have been enough.
Like I wrote, it *would* have been great if the vendors were able to gain BTC through it, but actually only Gemini does (accumulates). The last we want is BTC in the hands of the few (exchanges in this instance)
@_date: 2018-07-27 01:23:10
Because I've already taken it into account.
At 42 PH/s you have 5.2*10^12 difficulty which causes one bitcion to cost around $5000 to be produced.
At 8 PH/s you'd eventually go down to 10^12 difficulty which takes the cost of bitcoin to around $1000 to be produced.
*If* that happens at those low levels of difficulty, the rest , 34PH/s of idle mining power would be a child's play to attack the network.
That is only possible *because of* the difficulty adjustment. 
@_date: 2019-09-16 22:51:22
There is already a great amount of waste in all those social nets. UBI does make sense as a replacement of them, it makes no sense as an added measure (which will ofc be catered by additional printing).
Most people who talk of UBI, sadly talk of the second which is not only unrealistic but also unpopular *and* actually catastrophic. Thus a possibly good idea is buried under a sea of insanity.
@_date: 2018-07-26 22:42:29
Not in Crypto terms. We had almost a month of constant rises and certain smaller falls. Such a violent move can mean a reversal and a true reversal can mean breaking the 6k mark which would inevitably lead to 3-4k meaning the bear is here to stay with no end in sight, maybe bitcoin dies in darkness if it truly reaches $3k (never lost as much percentage over its ATH ever since 2011, I.e. ever since the lay public started getting in.
IMO it's the first truly frightening move of Bitcoin, I.e. that it cannot even complete a decent rally anymore.
I mean look at past action ever since the bear started
Mostly lower lows but always lower highs. If this run does not surpass the last run (10k) we are probably looking at a long extension of the bear.
@_date: 2018-07-30 12:17:31
Of course it is not. I was talking of a hypothetical.
Once it becomes a reality (if it ever does) it would be too late.
A bit of how you prepare for the flood before it happens, if you won't by then it would be too late.
@_date: 2018-07-17 11:28:07
You make moonboys sad. They search for 1000x gainz.
@_date: 2018-07-28 03:58:45
Renewable energy is not free.
There are some who get it near free due to having good relationship with the Chinese government.
Whatever the case may be the difficulty would fall dramatically in case of a $1k bitcoin , maybe not 80% per we, but a 60% fall is definitely in the cards . 
It is very possible that we will reach a time where idle hash power is greater than mining power...
@_date: 2018-07-09 06:28:00
Most of those countries are laggards.
While technology is best used in those countries, they are also the ones with the lower educational profile meaning that most people don't know that technology can do to raise them out of poverty.
I yawn anytime I hear that the best use case for bitcoin is in countries with unstable economies. Sure they are also the ones that know least of it. Take for example Greece, capital controls wrecked its economy yet it lags behind every other european country in bitcoin adoption.
Bitcoin is cursed to be used less in countries that need it most. Don't expect those countries ever entering the race. Only subcultures within the economically powerful countries can spearhead adoption.
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:14:26
Back in 2015 you couldn't short with leverage. Also back then there was no idle hash power.
It is not low price what makes you vulnerable, it is low price that comes directly after a period of high prices (and high difficulty).
Different scemarios
@_date: 2018-07-22 17:01:21
He is the president of the EU commission. You know, the body that is charged with solving problems that individual states can't, which are few.
In other words the EU commission decides on whatever is not decided by the states. It precedes them which is why the arch commissar is lower than any head of state.
For goodness sake man just read how the EU actually works, do not repeat mantras.
It is the type of decentralization I was talking about.
The commission decides on some things.
The heads of states decide on even more
And hopefully most is decided locally, that is the level of decentralization I was talking about.
Thus far the Commission has not strayed from its purpose. The vast majority of issues is decided by heads of states still.
Contrast it with the US way of doing things. States may say one thing, but the big bad president and his cronies in Washington overturn them or basically force them to follow the line.
Or the Chinese way where 10 people literally try to decide for all (of course it never works, people still do their thing, but they certainly try).
It is the most decentralized form of governance currently applied anywhere in the world.
It can become 10 times as good ofc
@_date: 2018-07-14 16:32:58
Given that it is offshoot of cypherpunks (or at least it was in its early days) then yeah. It is a community of people that has an alternative view in many things, including but not limited to an aversion towards centers of power (that Intel very much is).
@_date: 2018-07-29 22:57:38


Again, I am not sure that you understood my scenario. In my scenario the prices goes down (say at 1/5th the price of how much the average bitcoin costs to be produced) and then **stays** down for a semi long period.
For the sake of argument let's say that the average bitcoin costs $5000 to be produced and the price falls to $1000 and **stays** there. 
If miners continue mining they would be amassing costs. $4000 per bitcoin found in fact. And if that continues for a year or two they will go bankrupt, in fact far before that they would go bankrupt.
So no, most won't risk it. As long as they see that bitcoin does not go up for the time being (a bit of what happened with gold after 2013). They will stop mining , they will become **idle** miners. *Then* difficulty would start adjusting downwards and once enough miners are out it will become profitable again for the bottom 20% . The rest 80% would *have to* remain idle waiting for the time that bitcoin goes back up. But in case that it doesn't for some years, some *will* attack because some would be in such a critical condition (economically speaking) by then


I said 51% attacks are dangerous when someone has nothing to lose (in my scenario idle miners have nothing to lose). In the case of BCH a 51% attack is very possible but also very stupid because as of now BCH is a golden goose. You never kill the goose with the golden eggs. BCH has not reached to a point that it makes sense to attack it (unless someone hates it too much?)


Even if you bump the confirmations the longest chain would win. I.e. all payments would be reversed. The lightning network is eventually settled on the main chain as well. If the main chain is attacked then the lightning network won't work.


Sell to whom? Their equipments costs nothing in case of such a downturn. Nobody would want to buy a computer that mines bitcoin at a loss, a bit of how nobody wants an early asic right now.
No their miners would stay idle. And if it is millions of miners worth, it would be too much for some of them to accept the cost. Especially if they have nothing else.
@_date: 2018-02-20 22:30:14
Truth is nobody knows.
Banks are running often as far much as 10:1 debt to actual wealth for decades now, so it's now governments' turn to try it.
If it will fail it will be spectacular, and IMO not even bitcoin would properly survive in such a catastrophe. Sure your  nuclear shelter would let you survive, but once you're back to the surface (after years/decades) you may find nothing of much use. You may have to build everyrhing for scratch.
Debt economies are , practically , very bullish regarding future performance, they have to. So much so that they except creditors to be too. So who cares if you won't actually have your payment by next year. Just wait for the year after to get "double" what was owed to you. It looks like a ponzi of sorts, but as long as future innovation support such a view, people would play along. 
Of course then we are depended on the rate of innovation as it is suddenly priced in the system, which means that even a very innovative year can eventually fall off the quota if the quota is too high...
I have mixed feelings about debt economies, on one hand they *force* innovation to happen that much faster (else "we" go caput), on the other hand failure to do so (say we find physical limits ) will spell disaster of the magnitude we cannot imagine. It will make the 1930s worlwide depression that basically instigated WW II seem like a walk in the park. And in a nuclear world nobody wants a winter as fierce as that of the 1930s, because this time around another winter awaits us just after that, that of the nuclear variety.
Of course, we , as individual human beings, do die still, and unless we speed up innovation (through various methods, including -maybe- pricing it in) we *will* all die relative soonish. So it's not as if we have a far better fate than a nuclear winter as long as we have a ticking bomb inside us (the aging process), anyway.
So maybe it pays to be as reckless. If we don't try, we die, if we fail, we die, but if we succeed we may live. So there is some logic given that the reward is as high (crazy high innovation rate may bring us to the "future" that much faster and thus that much closer to diffusing the internal ticking bomb inside us).
...but yeah , it's reckless. It can set humanity decades, centuries even, back... Who knows? It's a fascinating topic and for better or worse bitcoin is in for the ride, if anything it is a product (if it is ever to be adopted) of this race for higher and higher efficiency so that we may match the rising debt that inflationary fiat is producing. 
It's also why I find very probable that deflationary cryptos may eventually live side by side with inflationary fiat. Maybe minimising their effects when they overstretch, but never overshadowing their gamble... at times I see bitcoin as the safety valve that societies involuntary created to hypernflationary monetary systems, the one to offer the checks (if things go too far, wealth is being moved to crypto and then back again). It will be an interesting interplay IMO.
@_date: 2018-07-09 17:23:55
It's a speculatory asset with 0 real world applications that are widely adopted. Really, any price for such an asset is valid, it can go to zero, it can go to 100k, everything goes.
But, yeah for the time being we're treading (and trending) towards zero: 
Most often than not each week is worse than the last, there is clear arrow formed that shows where we are heading. Of course it can reverse any time. It's all speculation, so everything is possible, if for whatever random reason people start FOMO'ing again we may be ATH'ing before year's end (although I doubt it), we may also be below 1k before year's end (I doubt it too). 
Don't be surprised if any of those two happen though.
@_date: 2018-07-29 04:03:58
In that case two and a half orders of magnitude higher.
4 mil.
That's better...
@_date: 2018-07-28 02:58:33
Pro tip: always ask for private key before sending BTC, that way you can be sure that the amount you sent *definitely* reached its destination
@_date: 2018-07-28 20:41:05
I just showed to you one fundamental flaw of the bitcoin network. No proper way to deal with mythic amounts of idle hashpower that stays idle for long.
If bitcoin dies it will not be because of "better tech", it has the halo of the prime mover. It will die due to fundmanetal flows like the one I just described.
@_date: 2018-07-18 13:08:51
Since 2011 know the concept , been in bitcointalk since 2013.
You on the other hand seems to have forgotten past bears...
@_date: 2019-09-29 13:55:39
Literally never happens. If an asset breaks a long held top it goes significantly over it . Look at the stock exchange after crises and/or even individual stocks. If Bitcoin goes back down after breaking it it will be a first. BTW at this point the reasons (for that) are algorithmic, all/most bots are putting their orders and conditionals (buy/sell) within an established region when we are out of it (on the upside or downside, mostly on the upside) all bets are off *until* a new volume chart (for the bots to use) has been created, but that needs time and without serious resistance the price continues following the trajectory it had as it broke said long held ... barrier.
That's why we fell from $6k to $3k almost immediately, there were not many orders or conditionals in between. It's also why when we broke $6k (on the upside) we reached $8k first and $10k afterwards (with a wick at $14k) , it's exactly where bitcoin was traded the most before and where lingering orders (and rules) existed.
There are no lingering orders above $20k, no rules, it's the land of Canaan up there *until* new norms are established. Before they do and given the momentum that Bitcoin may have at the time it's way more probable that we will stop anywhere above $100k than below it (given how fast Bitcoin moves when it breaks a long held ... ATH).
@_date: 2019-09-20 23:20:14
News sniffers.
 Bitcoin is in a 4 year cycle which is very similar to the last one (Jan 2015 - Dec 2018), it's far harder to corner a market through introducing non-backed futures.
Laughable that you identify the launch of the futures as the cause of the crash, conveniently forgetting that it went from $3k to $20k riding on that rumour alone. Convenient too that you forget that it had gone parabolic anyway and those things tend to correct much like it did in '14.
It's a manipulated market sure, all markets are, but the point of open markets is that not only one guy does it as long as the supply / circulation is in relatively diverse hands it's impossible to corner that market. The day that changes is the day that  such news-pieces may make sense. Until then everything Bitcoin did almost exactly mirrored 2014-2015 ... but OK, back then there was some other evil lord crashing it... (Even the percentage, 83% , is very much like the last fall's)
@_date: 2018-07-28 04:05:16


No we wouldn't, average price of a bitcoin produced under current difficutly is $5000
But if we fall further to $1k we would.
$1000 is 20% of 5k so we should lose 80% of the current hashrate, but we won't because some of the current hashrate is cheating (using Chinese tax money , etc)
But still a good majority would... 
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:32:05
No assumptions, simple math.
Let me make the calculation for you though.
An S9 produces 14 TH/s
Which means that you need around 35 days to last a second to mine a bitcoin under current difficulty (42 PH/s)
Which translates to 1 in 3 million chances to find a block which in average means that you would find one block every 57 years, which sets the amount of time for one bitcoin (to be found by one S9 under current difficulty) every 55 months or ~39500 hours.
With S9 using 1.3 KWh per hour you would need to pay 51500 KWh to find one bitcoin. With KWh price at 10 cents that's $5150 exactly.
See? Not that hard, obviously to some it would be half that, but I'm using a price that is closer to the average KWh cost around the world. 
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:34:02
If the price of one bitcoin goes down and then stays down may they would think that their miners are wasted anyhow.
I'm just saying it would be a serious vector of attack.
@_date: 2019-09-25 16:53:38
This goes in direct opposition to anything bitcoin ever did.
Any time Bitcoin broke both the 200 daily SMA and the 50 weekly EMA it entered into a bear winter which lasted for more than a year. Both those are in the 7900-8300 region, if we go below that and stay we never go above for another two years.
Oh and when it breaks those levels Bitcoin doesn't stop, it will need to bottom after losing 80-90% of its value. This is literally what happened 3 times in the past already.
"Your" $6k is completely random, admit it...
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:14:53
I don't think that I do.
Pricing basically supports the hashrate. IMO that is its function to begin with, make the network more robust.
Say someone operates a giant mining farm. Say said farm produces 500 PH/s using the most efficient equipment you can find. Said equipment needs to be fed with electricity as well as being supported, both cost money and the more you increase your hashrate the more those two costs will increase almost in tandem.
Now say that you're peak efficiency in electricity used. Say you use geothermal (with the going rate a 5 cents per KWh , it's the cheapest you can find) and you have automated as much of the work as possible, you even own the land so no costs there either.
With the two running costs being electricity and human capital you managed to decrease the price of your operations to 3k per bitcoin produced under current difficulty.
 Imagine now that the price falls swiftly to $100, say even that you are bitcoin maximalist and truly believe in the cause. Even *then* unless your costs fall below $500 per bitcoin you'd be broke.
The only way for this to happen , given that every else remains the same (as they have to) is that the difficulty falls. Falling difficulty means that you need most miners to switch off. 
In fact to go from $3k per bitcoin to $500 you'd need difficulty to fall 6x from current levels. Meaning that 5 in 6 of miners have to switch off!
And make no mistake it will happen especially after a certain amount of sideways action.
In fact difficulty can fall as low as 2x the price of the coin (probably 1x) meaning that you'd end up turning profit with your ultra efficient setup, again.
But wait a minute! We lost 30-60 times the hashrate and even though you turn profit , there are farms as big as yours , probably bigger that have to stay idle. Under the new hashrates most/all of them would be sufficient for a 51% attacks...
What stops at least some of them from attacking the network? If anything they are incentivized to do so. If they operate they will turn in losses and eventually close down, they can't be sold as the network is now operating at near loss. Either they have to end up in a landfill or some of them to be used to extort the network.
You just created bad actors out of thin air. Very worrisome stuff.... here's hoping that bitcoin would not lose a large percentage of its value over its "break even" value because if it does you just gave birth to potential bad actors.
**edit**: Electricity never costs zero. Over the course of 20-30 years operation the cheapest (as of now) is geothermal. All forms of electricity production has needs of repair, human capital and further upgrades when you start losing efficiency. There is only so much you can actually lower cost per KWh and 5c is close to the least you can get currently.
@_date: 2018-07-28 00:32:58
I don't which is why I'm not wary of old miners. I'm wary of current miners getting out of commission due to price action.
It can be as simple as a price action if it happens abruptly and even top end miners get to get out of commission.
Also sha256 miners are getting less and less advanced by the day, there is only so much more performance you can squeeze via optimizations... So eventually we *will* reach a day that top end miners of yesterday would be very similar to top miners of today... And that day may as well not be that far away.
@_date: 2018-07-27 03:59:59
Yes but it won't happen overnight and those shorts would make the attackers rich, enough so that to be the first on the new algorithm and probably repeat the attack (after having shorted bitcoin again).
@_date: 2018-07-20 08:39:50
IMO it's the influx of new money which is a vastly important metric.
All big runs preceded by a rising market where BTC dominance was also rising.
This only/mostly happens when insitutional investors and/or normal people enter the market. They mostly know nothing of any alt/sh*tcoin so they buy BTC and a tiny bit of ETH. 
Up until now (since Dec at least) we saw the recycling of the same money. From Alts to BTC and then back. This time we may genuinely seeing *new* money. And if markets want anything is the influx of *new* money...
Be more careful, sometimes charts are telling you something very important and you may be missing it if you think that they are useless (not always though, which is why I'm not too trusting of TA).
@_date: 2018-07-29 20:34:13
No what?
Are you not convinced that people with dozens of millions of investment staying idle longterm won't have an incentive to attack?
If not then I'm afraid you are living in a fluffier world than the real one in which case when things start rolling you may find yourself unprepared.
A system, any system, should be ready for worst case scenarios. An attack from idle hashing power is hardly a far fetched scenario if the setup is there already. It's like having flammable material in an oxygen rich environment. Yeah, a spark may never happen and be spared, but if it does happen you are burnt.
Patching worst case scenarios may not be a current priority, but if bitcoin is for the long haul , it has to become that (a priority) sooner rather than later.
@_date: 2018-07-21 20:12:30
Again, look how bitcoin works.
It is possible to create trust in an automatic system. Information that is unaccountable gets ignored by the system.
You said it right. An AI is as good as the information you feed it. Guess what? Bitcoin already created a primitive way of trustless trust.
Why not use *it* as the feed of a decentralized computer that actually solves problem instead of following silly lines that lead to nowhere?
@_date: 2019-09-21 10:05:29
BTC's market would be as small or as big as the needs it fulfills. No government can stop that. Heck they can't properly tax big corps (and they would very much like to) and you think that they can control an asset that proves popular (way more popular than BTC according to many in this sub).
Markets are more organic than that and assets *have to* thrive in an environment like this, I.e. where people or entities oppose it and others yet back it... It's always 'be been so, even if the methods changed.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:43:59
Your second paragraph I agree, the market/economy and the public is not ready for bitcoins.
Your first paragraph I don't see how is it connected. All I said is that giving more ways for people to sell their bitcoins is not the way forwards. Buy and trade methods should have been what we seek..
@_date: 2018-07-27 23:17:19
Read the post that started this thread


The above is my point. I was only discussing occasions in which attacking a coin makes sense and right now is not one of them.
@_date: 2018-07-28 05:02:00
That is not how it works. If you were a miner you would know.
First you build your infrastructure and let it work for some time. Then the price dips, you continue mining, then the price dips some more, I.e. below electricity. You are mining still hoping you will get above it, then it doesn't for some weeks.
Eventually you have to cease mining else you would not have enough to pay electricity ... And wait.
Then (in my scenario) you wait some more, and then some more. Weeks become months and months become a year. At that point you have had millions worth of equipment sitting idle for a year or more.
At *that* point attacking the network makes perfect economic sense, especially if you have shorted first.
As of current there is no defence for such a scenario. I.e one where the price of bitcoin dips so low (and stays there) that many/most miners are unprofitable for the longest time.
If such a scenario plays out you have the world's greatest attack force (against Bitcoin) itching for some action. Not a good situation to be in. IMO a scenario that should be addressed, probably by now even...
@_date: 2018-07-28 00:18:45
Nothing, they are too weak to do anything.
Once S9 (or the top end miner of that era) starts becoming irrelevant you should worry , especially if we are talking about millions of USD per miner.
In short they should suffocate in their own blood in case they try some funny business. I think Bitcoin should be ready (as a failsafe) for the case that difficulty falls abruptly in a manner of weeks.
@_date: 2018-07-26 22:44:11
I base it on the fact that it may signal a reversal. And if it indeed is a reversal it means that this run was even shorter than the last one (6.5k-10k) which in turn was shorter than the previous one (6k-12k) , meaning that the downward trend of bitcoin has not stopped, it is actually intensifying.
@_date: 2018-07-23 20:20:10
Oh drop it. You can never win over a maximalist. At best you lost your time for debating him, whilst he loses for being ... well , a maximalist. 
At worse he drags you to the mud and you both end up looking even more foolish than how you started.
@_date: 2018-07-27 03:57:58
At the time it was, the bleed seems to have stopped for the time being though.
@_date: 2019-09-09 14:36:21


But why. It is you that accepted the taking away of armaments from citizens. The point of owning them is *exactly* so that to defend yourself when the laws break down. As we speak the DEA is knocking doors and take down cultivations of various substances *because* it is understood that the state should have monopoly in power even in unjust laws that benefit rich minorities.
If the right to bear armaments was in force, good luck with entering the property of certain people in certain communities. First of all you'd have to go through said society and if they understood and accepted your reasoning they would allow you to have a chat with said person. The reason that federal agencies would *have to* talk with local authorities first would be because they would armed to the teeth, no central government could or should have so much power in individuals communities.
 That's the very point of the federalists' papers, not to replace the King's rule by the President's rule, but pretty much replace the system at large . The power of the individual lies on him/herself first, his/her community second, the states third and the government/governmental agencies last. Since it was allowed to government to have monopoly of violence in such a scale then and only then was it allowed for the government to be becoming the sole ruler of all the lower forms of governance.. 
*That* was the point of the right to bear arms, to act as a deterrent above all. All they give you is small guns to shut you up and you feel "free"? Detterance went the way of the dodo, communities are weak, states are weak, Washington is all powerful. How is that even close to the spirit of the " right to bear arms"?
@_date: 2018-07-27 20:19:32
Or maybe at the time it was free falling indeed (it went further down to 7800 before stopping)
@_date: 2019-09-09 15:04:32
Vietnam was half a century away. Afghanistan was 20 years ago (was still steamrolled) . The distance between handguns and modern warfare is ever widening to the point that handguns can only be used as toys. I mean good luck against remote controlled or AI controlled drones.
Point of the right to bear arms is to have the right to bear the cutting edge of arms. Would you feel safe if you were allowed to carry a sword in the era of gun battles? Because increasingly that is what handguns are becoming...
@_date: 2018-07-27 02:23:19
About the disruption attack (the easiest to achieve)
In fact if you already own the hardware it costs as much as the electricity you used to disrupt the chains. Say you run this for several hours so one million tops.
After your attack stops the bitcoin price would plummet given that it would be shown that an attack if very possible. Meaning that if you already shorted it you stand to win millions, probably tens of millions.
In my scenario you have idle hashpower. IMO it may make sense to some of them to commence the above attack.
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:58:00


And how do you figure that out?
At $1000 per coin you would need to pay 2 cents per KWh to stay even at current difficulty
What if the situation stays so for 2-3 years?
Also we saw signs of lowering difficulty ever at $6000 levels imagine what would happen at $1000.
The mass of idle hash power that would remain, which IMO it would be a great danger to the network.
@_date: 2018-07-29 06:41:39
I don't but I do know basic physics.
If we go below 2-3nm (in the smallest components in a transistor) we are having an effect called quantum tunnelling.
Basically the walls between transistors get so thin that electrons can pass through them as if they were not there. In that case your computers ceases its function as a Turing machine and starts producing giberrish.
By comparison a lithium atom is as big as 0.1nm across. At 7nm we are using 70 atoms for the smallest components.
So -yeah- we are very close to the limit... 
Did you think that Moore's law would continue forever?
@_date: 2018-02-01 23:56:52
China actually threw out exchanges and is cracking down on mining operations. China does look at bitcoin as an outsider that needs to be controlled if not completely ousted, they do this in everything within their economy, by completely disallowing the most popular websites from the west to heavy tariffs on non chinese products.
China doesn't have to actually completely make bitcoin illegal to have control over it, but once she does (and is already at that point IMO) it is pretty much a useless token there. China wants to control its economy, it is a centralized government that believes in a planned economy/society, which is why long-term she will fail to surpass the west as USSR did so in the past.  
Point is that Bitcoin is a libertarian tool and it will  fail in protectionist economies. I think it shows that more than corruption it is regulationary threat (or legal action) against bitcoin is what affects it the most at this point. The last such catastrophic downfall in its price happened in mid January amidst rumours of Korean/Chinese crackdowns.
In less than 50 days it lost almost 55% of its valuation. That's Mt Gox level of catastrophe. Bitcoin *has* to find a friendly face especially when faced with ... unfriendly governments.
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:48:17
That part was not part of my main argument.
My main argument was (and still is) that the bitcoin network was (and is) in danger from disgruntled miners . Once you have the majority of the mining prowess you can launch an attack. It doesn't matter how you will do it, in fact I very much expressed my agnosticism on this matter because it is irrelevant.
Again, as long as you have more standing (idle) hashing power than mining power the network is in danger. And this can very well be if the two parameters I set are fulfilled.
I.e. if the price goes down and stays down. It is incomprehensible to me to expect an asset to always go up in price/value. There *will* be a time that it will go down and that's true even for deflationary assets like gold.
@_date: 2018-07-30 11:22:04
I take no position to the infighting. I am much more interested to the tech than the politics.  
But seriously, that is a terrible timing. You sold during bitcoin season. The market alternates between bitcoin season and alt season every 3-4 months or so.
We're in the tail end of bitcoin season (started in May 5th). So if your goal was to make as much BTC as possible you could at least waited for alt season to return.
Anyway... Alt coins are a riskier investment , so long term it's a good move you dumped, short term you should had waited another month or two at most...
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:09:52
At the time it was unprofitable to enter which is why bitcoin's difficulty stood still for a while but very profitable to mine as the miners are/were sunken cost.
Like I said we never went below electricity. The closest call was about 30 days ago, if we are to experience another downfall to 5k or below it would be the first time to be unprofitable to mine using sunken costs.
That's significant. And in my example things are far far worse than even that...
@_date: 2018-07-28 17:21:57


No in one where my scenario plays out.
In case of an attack you don't need this. The rest would do the dumping for you.
Imagine if an impenetrable fortress gets penetrated , what it will ensue afterwards. For one, the fortress would not be thought as impenetrable anymore...
If Bitcoin loses its security renown it will lose a lot in price ... believe me.
Again, *first* you short, then you attack, let the chaos play out and finally close your short positions.
@_date: 2019-09-25 20:46:16
Lol BTC and nano on the same sentence I thought I'ds never live to see the day. They are pretty much opposites from each other, both governance wise (I.e. ideologically) and in their actual features (intentionally low/no fees vs preparing for the day to pay miners from fees alone).
@_date: 2018-07-28 01:29:30
Again, there is only so much you can improve the hashing of an algorithm. Especially one as simplistic as sha 256.
So we are probably peaking sha256 performance anyway.
But that is irrelevant to my scenario. Even if we aren't if the "crisis" happens mid generation you have to deal with those feral miners many of whom could be out for blood...
@_date: 2018-07-14 17:26:26
I happen to be intimately acquainted with Intel (on both sides of the fence). What about you?
No generalities won't help me.
Truth of the matter is that Intel acquired the x86 instruction set patents and every time anyone tried to develop an alternative they would bully it out of existence. Say nvidia's attempt to enter the market which ended in a settlement: 
Or before that Intel's contra revenue affair which lead to amd's lower sales which in turn started a series of events that ended up with the closing of AMD's foundries: for example 
Intel's de facto monopoly formed in 2010s lead her in turn to not develop her consumer products and only develop her server grade products. That comes in stark contrast with any other IT sector which saw some of its biggest advances in 2010s , be it Solid State drives, GPUs and ARM processors where competition was intact.
It has nothing to do with economies of scale , it has everything to do with illegal practices and circumventing the law. Stop reading generic articles of how the markets ought to work, instead start with my linked articles and see how they often end up working when an all powerful entity is formed.
I know the theory, it doesn't work in complex systems. Treat them as a generic frame and then treat each case as unique. Intel is a particularly ruthless corporation that will do no good if it encroaches into the world of bitcoin even if it does so peripherally....
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:53:12
It's quite easy to calculate. Knowing the average cost of electricity around the world ($0.07 to $0.1 per KWh) and contrasting it to how much electricity you need to mine one Bitcoin using the latest miners.
It's just a matter of several multiplications really.
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:07:58
Exactly what I am saying only 20% of the network would be operational leaving incentives to the rest (80%) of it to attack it after having shorted it first.
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:19:53
If bitcoin price falls to -say- $1k abrupty means that many/most miners would stop mining (average cost of mining of one bitcoin around the world is around $5k).
Meaning that about 80% of the hashing power would be no more meaning that Bitcoin would be vulnerable to an attack by the 80% of the sitting hash power.
Don't pretend that the price of bitcoin is irrelevant to the survival of Bitcoin. It is what affords its securty, it is what affords it being probably the most secure form of payment in the world. You lose that , you make it vulnerable and Bitcoin already lost one major battle.
@_date: 2019-09-09 15:15:28
Or maybe I know more than you and actually know what is around the corner and what is coming all the while the populace is sleeping.
I would like either of them to give a run of their money to tactical drones, the kinds that can run closer and closer to the ground (often undetected), the ones that have some kind of automation.
Military is increasingly becoming mechanized in case you don't know. More and more of it becomes automated (like everything else really). Or you think that AI and object detection is only to be used in automated cars? Lol, you are reaaally not prepared for what is coming and that is all because you gave your right to bear (actual) arms away...
You'd be like the Libyans in the fight against Italy in WW II. Spears against tanks (almost)....lol
@_date: 2018-07-26 22:21:34
It lost $400 in an hour. Let's see if the bleeding will stop, but it hasn't made such a negative move since June.
@_date: 2018-07-27 01:40:07
If the coin remains cheap for long enough say close to $1k maybe some big miner would decide that he would make more by shorting and then attacking the coin than if he simply sold his miners and basically ended his business.
It can be "just a cheap coin" if it stays cheap enough and for long.
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:23:08
No it is.
Most transactions are man made, some are bot made.
The data feed is very human.
And yes it does derive information from them.
@_date: 2018-07-28 14:31:19
I don't even know what are you trying to say at this point.
Difficulty adjustment has to do with how fast or slow a certain amount of blocks were solved which has to do with the network hashrate at a given difficulty.
If you don't know that then you have to read Bitcoin's white paper once more and only afterwards return here to actually have a conversation.
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:31:23
No, not yet . But I did sell some at $8k
I do believe in the tech, but with Bitcoin being the first iteration of an open trustless network it may eventually succumb to its vulnerabilities. I'm constantly being between terror and excitement (because the possibility of such a network flourishing is possibly the most exciting news of the 21st century but I'm equally terrified that such a decentralized network may die).
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:51:37
Maybe, maybe not.
Remember, miners are moved by their will to gain money. They act like any other company would. Meaning that if they find a higher bidder , say one who prefers to see Bitcoin attacked , they may well consider attacking the network, if said higher bidder can pay them more than any projected "gains" as they wait for bitcoin to rise.
Point is that the danger would be looming in ways that presently isn't. Like I said we can't just say that bitcoin's price is unconnected to Bitcoin's survival. It may well be the key component to it after all...
@_date: 2019-09-09 22:00:59
I feel uncomfortable that you and people like you do not feel uncomfortable living under such an all powerful entity. It is because of you and people like you that things don't change. If a majority of people wanted this you'd see the 2nd amendment actually have teeth instead of the limp dick it currently has.
I was merely triggered by the guy who was supposed to be free because he could shoot the minority that broke and entered his home.
F that I don't want noone to have as much power in my life as governments do. How freaking crazy is asking that? The very foundation of the United States of America *was* that, an all-powerful entity under checks and controls. No illegal wiretapping, no inability to arm myself as I see fit, no ridiculous laws controlling substance use, etc.
And yes, I am a serf as are you, but at least I don't feel "safe" and I constantly want things to change (and they will if people grew out of their apathy)...
@_date: 2018-07-30 04:07:03
You short immediately before the attack. You give no time for whale to get in. Then you take over the network and basically nothing goes through as you reverse all payments. Then you set the network free and allow the market to decide what just happened.
Would you think in a market that stopped working for a day or two, people would care to play games with your shorts. They won't even care, at that point they'd be selling like mad, trying to save their skin, driving the price even lower.
Again, everything is about timing
You short, immediately attack, let the market breathe, close your shorts during the ensuing chaos.
@_date: 2018-07-18 16:07:21
According to that chart bitcoin peaks at 80k.
McAfee won't be happy about this.
@_date: 2019-09-21 10:27:24
Too late compared to 2012, too soon compared to 2015. 
Maybe just maybe this bear has a different timeframe from the other two? (Like the others too had from each other?)
@_date: 2018-07-13 00:30:03
The thing with ends (and starts) is that they are relatively rare things. So buying the trend 9 times out of 10 will make you money. Really that's all it takes to make money in any market, especially one that is as clear cut as bitcoin. Short on bear markets, buy on bull markets. 9 times out of 10 you are making g money and if you pplay the same amount each time, that one time that it will be "the end" you will lose but it would not matter as you would have won in all the others.
All those posts here recommending people to buy (against the grain) is terrible advice 9 times out of 10.
In speculatory markets buy trends, never prices. The trend is downwards, so 5k would be a horrible price if you wish to buy this time around ....*even if it is proven to be the bottom!. Always play the odds that are in your favor and even the times you lose are priced in*
@_date: 2019-09-29 03:36:37
I'm from 2025: 
You've just donated $5k worth of Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:38:35
I described it. Let me do it again.
A third consequent run is denied (first went to 12k in February, second to 10k in May and this one to 8.5k in July)
Meaning that we go lower. If we break the $6k psychological barrier which held since Nov 2017 we are going way further down, possibly as much down as 3k (next serious support).
At those levels you lose hashpower. Those idle miners become vectors of attack. If the idle miners indeed attack or even try the price would plummet even further making further attacks even cheaper/easier/probable.
I'm not saying that it is particularly probable, but it *is* possible that those 4 started the chain of events that I described *because* their decision may well denied the 3rd consequent run...
@_date: 2019-09-01 19:40:47
Bitcoin's log chart by the time it was first traded in Mt Gox to today.
@_date: 2018-07-27 01:48:27
Well if those decide to attack it matters very much in fact.
Most places accept 1-6 confirmations. Easy to achieve if you control the vast majority of the hashrate.
Also imagine that you do this all the time until you get caught and word gets out that bitcoin was attacked which is enough for you to make millions by the ensuing mayhem.
Also merely stopping other transactions from going through would be enough to cause mayhem. Maybe you would need nothing else other than that. And having control of the majority of the hashrate it would be a child's play to invalidate all other chains all the time...
@_date: 2018-07-30 05:47:36


Really? Have I to repeat how the attack can take place? Just read my older post.


The network would be basically down. Every transaction would be reversed for as long as the attack takes place
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:09:50
I wrote clearly how/when. It will plummet **after** the network becomes operational again (attackers stop on purpose), people would remove trust from it.
If the price goes to $1k and stays there (my scenario) the vast majority will *not* be mining. I am trying to link the price of a bitcoin with Bitcoin's survival because ... Well... The two are connected.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:22:47
Yeah because a vetting mechanism that feeds an AI is such a leap of thought.
Maybe you should hang out there. I am hardly making a new or ground breaking use case for the block chain networks. Vitalik Buterin was discussing similar things in bitcointalk back in '13.
Of course most of you probably did not of bitcoin at all back then...
Beware who you are insulting he may know more things than you do...
Debate it if you wish. If it is too much for you just do not comment.
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:27:52
You keep saying that I don't think it means what you think it means.
I've read the white paper I know PoW dynamics in and out, it is not a complex system to be understood. It is vulnerable to idle hash power as it always was, only now it starts to be becoming an issue though, especially if we fall to $1000 and stay there.
Even a fork won't save you after an attack because the very people who commenced it would become rich due to their shorts and would be the first to buy into the new algorithm and short + attack Bitcoin **again**
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:18:42
You cannot go far lower than 5 cent per KWh. That's the price of geothermal. There are periods of time that you can go lower (say when excess of power exists) but not on average. Also you keep on not calculating other costs like replacing faulty miners and paying the people to do those jobs for you.
Lastly I used $5000 as an average obviously there are some who make a Bitcoin for less... Those would be the ones to continue mining even if the price falls too much. I am worrying about those that will not.
@_date: 2019-09-09 14:18:43
Lol, no they won't. Nobody fights with handguns. They have air-force, navy and more. Basically 1776 cannot repeat itself if the situations were similar. The government(s) are so disproportionally better equipped than the general populace that resistance is futile.
The point of bearing arms is/was to challenge unjust power. That ofc includes intruders, but that's quite literally a very marginal use of your rights. Why are you so quick to accept your incapacity to bear 21st century arms?
@_date: 2019-09-09 20:17:09
Oh, how unhistorical of you. Have you read how the civil war happened? The federal government plainly started a war against certain states (which had every right to secede)
Now imagine that with semiautomated drones that do most of the work themselves. All you need is convince part of the populace that those are evil states and bomb the f out of them. And ofc unlike the civil war, they'd have no answer anytime soon.
Point your tiny guns to the sky and start shooting those drones down. Goddamn are you naive.
Why are you so resistant in allowing the population to have actual defenses like anti-air , drones that the community will own and more? I'm hardly telling anything controversial, it was very much what was implied in the 2nd amendment. A populace armed to the teeth so much so that the central government would not even think of attacking.
And BTW the government is already attacking. Maybe not you in particular but targeted individuals certainly. Where are those millions protecting those that grew pot only to waste years in jail? What about all those unjust laws. So you think that a central government would be capable of acting on them if the population was **actually** armed?
The army is and should be for external threats, the population plays the same role for internal threats (I.e. crimes coming either from criminals or the central government)...
@_date: 2019-09-02 06:44:34
Only that doesn't. The most game...able metric of all. Anyone can make a coin with 1 billion pieces and sell one for $1. In fact most alts are in similar position. 
Actual Bitcoin dominance (by volume) is close to 90% , never fell below 70% actually even during the height of alt booms. So whatever your little metric shows it is irrelevant to Bitcoin directly. It may be relevant secondarily, the metric you quoted (as I said) does not measure dominance, but it does seem aligned to the entering of new money in the space. Whenever it is in a downtrend money gets out from the space (and often BTC price follows), when it goes down money is entering it (and BTC price follows). It's notable how great increases in BTC prices show that dominance metric you are quoting , being lowered at first.
So, yeah, an irrevelant metric on in itself, but if it is with anything correlated, it is inversely correlated to BTC price trends, you generally want it to be lowered if you expect a BTC price rise. If you are a Bitcoin shorter, you want it rising as it currently does, it means that a serious downtrend may be around the corner.
I'd wish that bitcoiners would stop quoting things that are either irrelevant or downright harmful to BTC price, it shows that they have little knowledge of the market...
@_date: 2018-07-27 04:07:21
I mean that every time a chain of confirmations is about to be created it would be disrupted by the attackers' found blocks bringing the whole blockchain to a halt.
Most places require more than 1 confirmation for the payment to go through, imagine one to be basically creating a forged block and then confirming it if he founds a second block in a row , then of course an honest miner says something completely different and eventually the longer chain belongs to the attacker (because he finds more blocks) so his version of the events get through. In his forged block no transactions took place so he basically invalidates anything that tries to go through. Only 1 confirmation transactions go through and even them sometimes.
The price of bitcoin would plummet when it will get back in working fashion because few would trust such a network and seek to liquidate their bitcoins making the attacker rich in the process (since he would already have taken a short position before the attack takes place).
**Edit:** Bitcoin's level of security is very much affected by the asset's price. If blockchain's perceived security is secondary to you then indeed the price action should not concern you, but as long as Bitcoin is "advertised" as one of the most secured ways to communicate value maybe we should care about courses of action for the event that too much idle hashing power is sitting. Maybe a hardfork towards a new hashing algorithm should be taking place anytime the price of the coin plummets and stays low for long enough, that way you avoid even the possibility of attack from the idle hash power.
@_date: 2018-07-21 13:00:26
Futures went live in December 10th. It peaked the in Dec 17th.
No futures no Nov/Dec rally.
Bitcoin was dumped because it went parabolic.
@_date: 2018-07-14 18:37:52
Owning a laptop?
At this point my freaking iPad (which was subject of free market forces) is nearing the performance of my work laptop, soon it will surpass it.
Yeah, monopolies actually hold the world back in a measurable manner...
@_date: 2018-07-28 01:50:15
Probably it has to do with the report saying that the ETF that was rejected had structural anomalies that the CBOE's ETF doesn't have thus removing the FUD that that ETF would be rejected too?
I mean it is too convenient that bitcoin went back up minutes after that report was made public
@_date: 2018-07-30 02:38:57


It would cost nothing. Especially if the attack runs through a "dark pool" of sorts where every disgruntled miner is loaning his equipment.
In fact it would cost as much as if you were normally mining. Then the pool operator would forge the blocks as needed.


There would be insane liquidity once the attack stops. People would be rushing out of bitcoin crashing it in the process. I explained already how the attack will work. Don't make me repeat myself (you short, you attack, you cease the attack , you close the shorts).


It doesn't matter. The pool would had been created just for this case. I.e. from people who are disgruntled and are on suicide mission because the alternative is to be drawn in debt. This scheme would be their only saving grace.
Again: short -&gt; attack -&gt; cease the attack -&gt; close the shorts.
Again this works only if you have enough people who are too desperate. Does not work in a healthy market. There has to be a downturn and then those levels to be sustained for a year or two so that to have people drawing in debt in the meanwhile.
It is basically an elaborate way of inside trading. Where you create the event and then predictably capitalize on it.
@_date: 2018-07-31 04:57:25
Look up Chinese opium wars.
Drugs were used for assymetric warfare in late 19th and early 20th century. It has nothing to do with the rights of individuals , it has more to do with foreign forces using drugs to control populations. Or rather that's the fear. By controlling drugs you stop one vector of attack that foreign forces can have on you it is no wonder that the strongest crackdown against drugs happened at the height of the Cold war.
Now whether it is a merited fear or not, I guess it has to do with how far you trust your populace. Those countries that have them illegal apparently don't.
It's basically how the British took down the Chinese might though. Opiates really destroyed the fabric of Chinese societies and it was pretty much the plan of the British trade of it in mainland China to begin with.
In this issue I'm a libertarian (as in I don't care what people do on their bodies) but I can see why they were made illegal too.
@_date: 2019-09-09 06:02:04
Nope, just someone who read the damn document.
I would have been brainwashed if I thought that 2nd amemndement is the right to bear puny arms,  I.e. what your government was telling you as it was getting away **real guns**, I.e. the kinds that disallow it to have monopoly in violence.
@_date: 2018-07-31 03:28:44
BTC dominance moves in ebbs and flows. It has nothing to do with people realizing anything they move with where their algorithm tells them the money is.
Generally long term bears (like the one we most probably are) show BTC dominance going up (even with the ebbs and flows accounted). So the current consolidation may not be a good thing to see ultimately. 
The market seems to indicate that we are in a long term downtrend where every high is lower and every low is lower all the while BTC gets more dominant...
@_date: 2018-07-29 07:38:50
There is only so much you can increase IPC, Intel is mostly stuck for a solid decade. 3 dimension chips to anything other than the tiniest scale is decades away, temps are increasing exponentially when you use the third dimension.
Remember the problem is not space in microchips, it is always thermals. Only problem with increasing dimensions is that the thermals increase in a non linear fashion as long as you keep comparable voltages. Which is why smallest chips are in general more efficient per watt (think mobile chips), bigger ones less so (laptop chips), etc...
Unless some magic tech is being invented in the next decade or so, the era of continuous/logarithmic improvement in tech is almost over. In nature there are such things as hard limits and once you get close to them it gets uneconomical to go far further than them. Basically why we never got supersonic flight in affordable fashion.
Not to say that we never will, merely that it is something that it will come way further in the future. Same with processing power, it will increase still, but all the more slower. In fact it already started in many electronics (the slowing down of processing growth)
So, yeah, you have every reason to believe that we will reach a point of relative stagnation on hashing speeds as well.
And in case of a plummet in price which is sustained my fears come in fore in the form of the constant threat of *some* idle hashing power commencing an attack (for whatever benefit).
@_date: 2018-07-27 05:14:47
Electricity prices do not change too much YoY.
Those are from 2011: 
Even utility scale electricity is not more than 20-30% cheaper than that.
And in fact I was being generous. Apart from electricity on large mining operations you have to pay the replacing of hardware, the people doing the work and sometimes the land too.
SO in fact I would be surprised if the average Bitcoin is only $5000 at this point. It is probably pricier to produce.
Also I am very much thinking of game theory when I'm saying that the rational move of idle hash power is to attack if it is to remain idle for too long.
@_date: 2018-02-01 14:15:14
To be fair India has banned it from being a legal tender , China before it and Korea is in the waiting room. Those are some pretty catastrophic news for an asset that started its life as an alternative to cash.
Now I understand that bitcoin's use can be that of a storage of value (amongst others) but as far as Satoshi's dream goes (a decentralised mean of payment for products or services) it fails pretty hard.
I think it's due to fundamentals that BTC is losing in value, not FUD. Contrast that with Eth it never cared to be a legal tender to begin with, the Indian news left it unphased.
Btw I don't mean to sound alarmist, all I'm saying is that it is maybe better for BTC to get back to what it wanted to be in the first place, a mean for transactions. For that to happen two things must happen first: to solve any technical difficulties that it (still) faces (the lightning network may be just that), but second and most importantly to win the hearts and minds of the people, espec those in governing positions.
 As long as it loses *that* battle bitcoin would always fail long term. I agree, the tech is revolutionary, but it needs real world backing, people in *power* pushing it hard. Else you get the Indian fiasco, the Korean fiasco and so on and so forth.
It is not the Jan Dip we're going through. The market, espec at this point is not some kind of clockwork. It responds to real or perceived threats and the bans that go around the world *are* an existential threat to bitcoin's usefulness and they should be combated if you want bitcoin to survive. Combated hard... Let ua not pretend otherwise.
 Things can go a lot worse from now or, or a lot better ... it all depends what people in power would say about bitcoin. Let us not kid ourselves, its real value $0 if it is to *never* be used for its foundational purposes. This *is* bitcoin's battle to survival, it it wins it its value would be in the millions, if it fails it will tend to $0 and "old money" would be proven correct. Is that what you want? People like Buffett to be telling you "told you so"?
India and China bans are not business as usual, they are existential threats to its continuous existence and should not be taken lightly. They are a warning of what's to come unless and until people in power start to be singled out and become quizzed in what bitcoin can *really* mean to them and their countries.
@_date: 2018-07-18 08:41:04
If charts said anything at all (they) said that if we break the 6k (not 5.8k) reliably we won't stop at 4k. We did break the 6k but only for a day or two.
At the time I was sure that bitcoin is dead for the foreseeable future at least, people were making fun of the situation they couldn't understand how important that juncture was. Thankfully (for them) the sub 6k levels did not hold which is why are we are still alive.
Again, if 6k breaks (downwards) in a reliable manner we're f'd . It can as well start a death spiral for bitcoin and give a chance to a competitor to arise... It is a major psychological support. We are not out of danger, we flirted with the death of bitcoin just a short weeks ago. People don't realize...
@_date: 2018-07-28 23:41:17


They benefit, in their own minds. Suicide is bornt by the mistaken belief (held by some) that an afterlife or lack thereof is better than whatever suffering you are going through (given that we have no information on it, it can as well be worse).
It's an error of reasoning hence why we (as a society) don't have to do too much about it.
In my scenario it is the exactly opposite though (to attack the network in case that the vast majority of mining remains idle for long). I.e. they are incentivized to attack by the millions of sunken cost doing nothing in their abandoned mining factories.


Difficulty would adjust down making it profitable again for those that stayed behind. In my scenario the price goes 80% below the profitability line (whatever that may be). In that case you have 80% of miners going dark and once difficulty adjusts the remaining 20% mines at a profit, barely.
Now *that* is a problem if the situation stays so for long. Because suddenly the 80% of worldwide hashing power which costs millions stands idle. Those are costs that are seemingly never to be recovered, certainly not in the near term.
In that case as a disgruntled miner you are incentivized to attack. After all the network is only 20% of what it used to be, it would be easy to take it over and once you do you wreak havoc after first having shorted bitcoin with leverage.
Once both happen you make bank and recover your sunken costs. I.e. your idle miners made their money back and then some more.
Like I said very different than people killing themselves. This one is a rational move and the incentive structure can become such that the bitcoin network incentivizes people to attack it. If/when such an inversion happens the network should be ready is all I'm saying because by then it would be too late if an automatic mechanism to prevent an attack (in that case) does not exist.


That is not my argument. I think the difficulty adjustment algorithm is great as it is and stood the test of time. Again, my issue is idle hashing power. Read my previous elaboration.
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:12:31
They also pay other operational costs as well, leaving the real total close to the one that I have described.
@_date: 2018-07-30 07:09:32


Of course you can , all you need is a python script which will take the input (sender) of the previous block and turn them into outputs (receiver). Also you take no fees for each transaction because you don't care.
At that point you basically ignore the mempool , all the transactions you input in you blocks are forged (everything that has gone through in previous "legit" blocks, but reversed).
@_date: 2018-07-15 13:28:11
Not, it is one of them. Up to 2010 we would see similar levels of performance in both the corporate and the consumer sector.
It only started changing after the sandy bridge release where the two lines started diverging ever more violently.
BTW Plenty of 45w xeons which could fit on a laptop. Stop supporting monopolistic practices...
There is zero, none, Nada good reasons for Intel to act so other than basically playing alone in the field.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:18:23
Or maybe you did not understand what I am talking about at all.
The bitcoin network (or something similar) can vet information.
That is the vetting process of what is valid in for action or not. You do not need something flexible for that.
Wherever you need something flexible you use the AI.
@_date: 2019-09-02 20:59:54
Indeed, going by volume below 70%, not ever.
The CMC figure is a marker that shows how much new money enters the market (and not the best at that). The true marker is going by volumes exchanged where BTC was never even sniffed by alts.
Given what that CMC ticker is though, it spites me when people cheer when it goes up (less new money is getting in). It can go to 5% as far as I can tell, as long as BTC volume dominates still, BTC is the king. Stop quoting that irrelevant marker.
@_date: 2018-07-27 05:00:46
What are you talking about? There was not one point during that period where producing Bitcoin was unprofitable.
That is *exactly* my issue. It is something we have not yet faced, a good majority of the install base of miners being idle. If that happens (say Bitcoin goes to $1k which represents a 95% fall unlike any other in the history of Bitcoin) we are probably in hot water.
@_date: 2019-09-01 06:48:32
No "I" have 5 billion chips. It's not just me, it's every single person that is using the internet. Not only phones, laptops and more.
The code would run remotely from the app/website that I'm using and the browser will basically run the miner . *Everything else will be blocked by the OS as it currently does*
The browser/apps would have a google ads type of banner that is running mining as agreed upon (fewer adds -&gt; only runs when visiting/using, minimal ads -&gt; runs in minimal intensity both when charging and visiting/using, no ads -&gt; runs full intensity when charging/checking for temps, minimal intensity when above 50%)
Basically what BAT does without their silly token, and replacing ads with mining. Yeah, suddenly the whole Internet economy is around securing the worldwide network instead of ad-clicks. Less intrusive/creepy browsing and the amount of energy that was going to be wasted in showing ads anyway, go instead to mining + some more while charging (for those that want minimal/no ads).
And yes, someone can also buy 5 billion devices and if he does he will be part of the market, but he *still* won't be able to control the fees compared to the case that him and his buddies were the sole owners of the network. There would *always* be one 5-billion-devices party that would continuously mine TXs no matter how low, that would not be censoring TXs, that would continuously upgrade its hardware.
But ofc you have to make mining (the algo) optimized for phone/laptop hardware instead of Bitmain hardware that it currently is... It's neither hard to think nor hard to implement. XMR is close to creating something that mostly uses the L2 cache that is only abundant in CPUs, anything else you may use or build would be insanely expensive and can't compete. Eventually even more optimized Algos (for phones above all) would come along , *forcing* professional miners to give up in many of those networks and hopefully have mining returned to the people... but first you gotta optimize for mobile and do it in a massive scale (also have an accompanied google-ads like service installed on browser and apps that need to be monetized by mining. BTW it won't be the app, only said service would be allowed to do that; so forget rogue mining apps that kill batteries etc).
@_date: 2019-09-09 00:38:25
I "love" how you completely turned "defense against corrupt governments" (that was implied or blankly said in the 2nd amendment) into "defense from minorities" in just a few generations.
"You can roll all over me as long as you are a government, if however you are a black guy with a gun I shoot you".
2nd amendment was about AA batteries, drones and fortified vehicles (which are all illegal to own in blatant disregard of the spirit of the 2nd amendment) and it turned into " shoot the minorities that try to break and enter".
If you feel safe with a government that is capable to end you whenever it feels suitable to do so, OK. But don't tell me that there is any country any country at all where the citizenry is allowed to self-defend. 
Norway is no different, but at least doesn't pretend otherwise. If someone powerful enough wants to end you you literally have no legal path to prevent him from doing so. That is equally true everywhere with armaments' restrictions (basically all the countries w a central government).
**edit** Typicall r/bitcoin down vote someone because you don't understand someone's positions: in case you COMPLETELY fail at comprehending that I'm pro armaments' ownership...
@_date: 2019-09-30 15:46:52
That line of thinking as popular as it is, makes no sense, but it's probably not the sub to discuss why is it so. Suit yourself ... I guess.
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:20:55
Antonopoulos did not address the prospect of an attack being extremely profitable (I.e. only costing you electricity yet accruing you millions due to leveraged shorts you placed beforehand). He only address the costly version of it.
I don't mind Antonopoulos , mining install base was far lower back then so it did not represent much of an issue, but I do mind you that you equate the two eras.
Again, if Bitcoin falls to $1000 and stays there for long the chances of an attack become that much greater.
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:14:20
Watched it. Doesn't address my scenario. In 2015 there were no financial instruments that affect Bitcoin as they exist today. In 2015 the total hashrate was not even 1/10th of the current hashrate. No serious dangers then, it was a rosy period.
@_date: 2019-09-02 10:24:08
Irrelevant though. The vast majority of people do not search "BTC" but rather "Bitcoin" which is far away from an ATH..
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:06:26
Well if they short and then attack , then indeed they would have shorted before the big drop.
@_date: 2018-07-27 01:37:07
Make unfathomable amounts of money by shorting bitcoin first in multiple exchanges and insane leverage and then starting double spending everywhere basically counterfeiting and eventually debasing bitcoin.
When it was $700 last time you didn't have 42PH/s of mining power which if it stays idle for long enough can replicate the scenario I described above... 
Also merely stopping other transactions from going through would be enough to cause mayhem. Maybe you would need nothing else other than that. And having control of the majority of the hashrate it would be a child's play to invalidate all other chains all the time...
@_date: 2018-07-21 15:40:19
Nowhere did I imply that I like open boarders policies. I mostly don't but for very different reasons than yours.
All I said is that free world trade cannot exist without semi open boarders. You simply won't be able to compete if you don't bring some cheap labor yourself.
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:57:19
It solves almost nothing. Being centralized means that they are susceptible to the same systemic forces as the current monetary system, which btw can and does trace each and every individual that transacts through it.
I never understood why should well established states create a crypto of their own, for them it has no upside. I mean I hear it a lot outside circles such as this one, but I always ask "why?". It literally has no use case that is not partly or completely satisfied by the extant system.
@_date: 2018-07-21 02:00:54
No way we reach 5k. If we break 6k reliably we are heading to 3k actually, the bottom of last September, possibly lower (1800?, I.e. the bottom of last July?).
5k is way too close to 6k and too random to hold. 6k was the place from which the parabolic line of Nov/dev vaulted from. Resistance lines are not random.
@_date: 2018-07-21 15:33:17
Globalism is the idea that the world can be of single governance for big things and of smaller governance for smaller things.
See the EU model. Most of anything is being voted locally, only some of the things that affect everybody is voted centrally.
Your globalists are not really globalists. Find another , more suitable word. Maybe autocrats?
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:24:19
Look how more varied the hashrate is lately, it shows signs that it was becoming unprofitable to some people already. If we return to $6000 you would see an even greater difference between highs and lows.
It happened to ethereum as the difficulty bombs were exploding, in Bitcoin it can happen merely by a low price for a semi extended period of time.
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:48:31
Again so what? Bitcoin's intended puprose is not to make people rich, its intended puprose is to be a mode of making transactions.
You can make transactions with a coin being worth $5 as well as with one that is worth $10000. It makes zero difference in its usability.
I'm trying to see your point and I can't.
Of course *once* it is widely used being a deflationary mode of transacting necessitates that it will go up long term. It's basically what happens with anything deflationary that is in use. 
So I don't see your 95% crash and staying there prediction holding any candle to reality. Either it will go to $0 (won't find uses long term) or find any value really and then steadily rise from there. Btw that value can be anywhere from $0.1 to $100000, it's rather arbitrary.
@_date: 2018-07-18 13:15:03
Yeah, so funny that it went from 65 to 33% dominance in a month I'm still laughing. Definitely no chance for any altcoin to eventually overshadow bitcoin.
I mean it didn't happen to any other tech. Every prime mover is still widely used. Like ARPANet. Dat Altair is breaking records in sales. My altavista searches are always on point and never forget to update my friendster profile. Digg and Slashdot makes reddit look small... 
@_date: 2019-09-03 19:17:15
It basically means that the interest in the space is dissipating. Wake me up when CMC dominance is 5% and volume dominance (actual dominance) of BTC at 80%. BTC would be at $500k if/when that happens
Enjoy 2017 prices to your BTC until then....
@_date: 2018-07-09 06:18:07
Problem is that many if not most newcomers bought after nov 2017. That is the meaning of high volume: that in a close packed timeframe more things happen.
It is very possible that in one month more things happened than in the first 7 years. So don't give me that "if you bought any time before 2017"... chances are that you didn't and that's exactly why the market is not really recovering. A good minority of the people burnt hard, and the rest due to averaging upwards are not in the kind of green they used to be...
The aftermath of bubble popping often proves to be a grueling period...
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:37:55
Not enough miners desperate enough to try.
Let bitcoin stew at $1k (as per my scenario) for a long time and see at least some trying.
The initial conversation was about how price has nothing to do with the survival of Bitcoin and I disagreed, it may be the one factor which would derange certain people and cause them to attack.
We are not there yet, in fact we are far from there, but there can well be a time that price *would* matter a whole lot more than now to the survival of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:05:22
Not much of a guessing knowing that most places already do not have as low costs as those hydro valleys to begin with. I know that because Bitcoin hashrate already show signs of going down at the $6000 levels, imagine what would happen at $3000 or even $1000
@_date: 2018-07-29 00:01:16
It's very possible if the price goes down and stays down.
@_date: 2019-09-01 15:57:11


Which all use arm v8 arch, increasingly so. Windows on Snapdragon / Chromebooks on laptops. Pretty much everything on phones.
 


Whoever does this all (he) cares about are the rewards. The mining settings themselves can be set by the users (if the so wish to).
What part of " replacing the ad economy" don't you understand? The ad economy does not edit or change the ads, they merely get rewarded by them...
Anything more is you derailing to things I didn't say or implied so I'm not going to comment on those...
And BTW yes, it does not avert big farms, it merely averts them from being the ONLY game in town.
@_date: 2018-07-31 00:56:50
From your link: 
There is no defense against this in case the idle hashing power suddenly comes online takes control of the network and spoofs it.
Edit: again for this to take place you have to have the majority of hashing power to be idle which is only possible if the price goes down and stays down.
@_date: 2019-09-23 12:04:48
It's basically what Bitcoin futures were to Bitcoin. A way for the Wall-Street to manipulate prices. Bad short term , especially after a recent big rise (we are $10k from $3k we were a few months ago); good long term as it will bring in a lot of competitive interests which will (long term) suppress volatility which in turn can give Bitcoin use cases.
@_date: 2018-07-27 22:23:54
Like I said they make money off of it. You don't kill a golden goose. Having said that , some zealots may try to attack it.
My scenario only works because a coin became unprofitable to mine long term for a good majority of people.
As long most of everybody is making money they won't attack.
@_date: 2018-07-31 10:29:23
If it breaks below 6k you won't see a bull for another year at least.
Thus far 2014 is replicated exactly. Altcoins decimation, fakeouts, ultimate lows that actually have way more down.
For better or worse Winklevii ill-advised will to have their ETF re examined killed this bull. Which IMO was the last for 2018.
If we go down we will go further down. No support lasts for 4 times. 6k was tested 3 times in a row if there is a forth we go way down.
And to think that the trigger was Winklevii's decision to not take their (last year's) rejection like men... It was so avoidable.
Had that rejection not cut this bull in half we would had probably broken SMA 200 which is taken as bullish signal from algorithms and would had easily taken us to 10k at least.
Once Winklevii FUD got out I sold some . By Now I'm completely out, sold the rest as I see the FUD took root (bought at 6.2k) . This bull is dead, next one starts state around 3k levels, I'll rebuy there.
@_date: 2018-07-13 05:31:08
Get real about what? I don't own monero.
Also you are not counter acting any of what I said , you are not making conversation.
Either you accept the fact that bitcoin grew in one of the most bubble birthing period of the (most of any) economy or you deny it and think that it grew as fast on its merits alone.
I mean both can be true, but probably something in between is more probable. I just don't know how much of its growth was bornt out of the economic period we are currently in and how much (of it) was on the product's merits.
Unlike you I am not a maximalist, I love the tech and try to be as detached as possible. Things do not seem good on the ground from where I'm standing. In any other period Bitcoin would had reacted much more vigorously to the 70%. This sideway action action after a 70% drop can only say few things and none of them are really good.
If you want to see good in it be my guest, I merely express my fear that such a great tech can be subsumed by the very bubbles it allowed to form.... (I.e. due to its economic side)
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:41:12
Gladly: 
 July 15th 2016, when the last great halving happened or rather a few days after.
At the time antiminer s7 was the most used ASIC. One of them was 1 in 300000 of the whole network (4.8TH/s vs 1.5 EH/s)
Meaning it could find a block once every 5.7 years. Each block had/has 12.5 bitcoins (remember it was exactly after the halving took place) so one month per 5.5 months of use. 5.5 months contain ~4000 hours and with bitmain using 1.3 KWh per hour it means that one had to go through 5200 KWh per Bitcoin.
Now depending on the cost of KWh in his country he could pay up to $520 per bitcoin found. With the price of bitcoin being $650 at the time it was still very profitable to mine in most places.
In fact the least profitable period in bitcoin's history was recently Late last June in fact as per that chart: 
Average cost of bitcoin production was $5000 yet you could only sell it for $5700
Like you can see there was *never* a period were a remarkable amount of hashing power remained idle and if such a period ever comes we don't know how it (the idle power) will react especially if it is a prolonged period.
@_date: 2018-07-31 01:06:58


That's ultra powerful if you manage to stay in control for long.
Imagine stopping the network working for 2 days, a multi billion network, or maybe a multi trillion at that, or maybe a week.
And then reinstate function to it.


Unless they also do inside trading where the real money is. They short bitcoin in expectation that many would remove truast from it once it is attacked. And once they do after they cease the attack (dropping bitcoin's price) they close their shorts making millions and making back everything they lost by keeping their hashpower idle for long.
@_date: 2018-07-29 22:34:48


So you expect the idle miners to relocate? Is that even possible? There is no such thing as free electricity, someone somewhere pays for it. Maybe governments give electricity subsidies *exactly* so that the network won't be attacked. Maybe, but in any other case *some* will not be making money for the longest time. That's mathematically sure.


Because like any top 10 pow coin has not reached the scenario I am talking about. I.e. fall so low that only a tiny minority makes money off of it and the rest have no choice but to remain idle.
BCH started at $300 it's still almost 3 times that. It is very profitable still. If it goes back down to $100 I will start worrying about it too.


The attack I am talking about is not on the software level. It is on a game theoretic level. Even the best software in the world cannot save you from use cases (and thus vulnerabilities) you have not accounted for. The danger I am describing did not exist in 2010. There was no way to short bitcoin back then, there was no reason to spend millions just to mine for it, there was no way to make millions off of it.


Anything you can imagine. But mostly reverse payments. Say Alice sends to Bob in one block and in the next Bob sends to Alice the exact same amount. And since you'd be forming the longest chain your transaction would always win out eventually.
Basically create havoc for the longest amount possible.
So the network proves completely unworkable for 2-3 days say. And then restore it back to function (stop the attack). Once you do price will *plummet* because you would show that the network is not reliable anymore. And once it does plummet you close your shorts and make off with millions.


Which is why I wrote that my scenario can only be triggered if the price goes down and *stays* down for a semi long period. It would mean that some miners would either be unprofitable or idle for more than a year. It would mean that some would have so much debt that they would be risking prison sentences. It would mean that some would be so desperate that they would put their survival above bitcoin's. And *then* the attack would happen
In other words how can you account for the case that a good majority of the miners are squeezed for so long that they turn into bad actors?
@_date: 2018-07-29 03:40:08
So BTC would peak at 20k.
Got it.
@_date: 2018-07-20 10:25:32
Like most metrics it says something. You may not have realized what but it does say something (I.e. the times that new money is entering)
@_date: 2019-09-11 08:34:14
Sciences produce testable results. Bitcoin has produced none of worth yet. Wake me up when it is massively adopted and all its problems are patched and works without a hitch.
As far as I can tell it is not out of beta...
@_date: 2018-07-23 04:29:44
After Facebook, Google does too.
Bull is prepped :p
Seriously though, even google search trends (for bitcoin) seems to have bottomed, finally, after months and months of falling.
Manipulation or not, the way this bear started (ads ban, Korea ban) may also be the one to end it (restart of ads, Korea is back)
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:48:16
Indeed , but it is possible already that a single or two entities already have enough hash power to attack in case the hashrate goes 20% of what it currently is.
It's not even that (the issue), it's more about the constant threat of it which would debase a lot of Bitcoin's worth. It would be no more as secure as it thought it is today.
@_date: 2018-07-18 12:29:15
Again you should pay closer attention.
You denied the possibility that a competitor will arise and I've showed to you examples (of times) where one (or more) almost did.
I also wrote that it is mostly irrelevant to which you've agreed. So remind me again where is it that we disagree?
BTW we were talking prices. Price wise market dominance is a very relevant metric (I.e. one that is directly tied to the price of BTC)
@_date: 2019-09-26 15:04:33
We're just entering a second bear market (we just broke the 200 daily SMA) in the same 4-year cycle, we're entering uncharted water folks, anything that those old maps are showing is/are wrong. 
Not many assets can survive a second bear market so close by, most use a "breathing room" in the meanwhile. I feel bad for those who went all in to crypto, espec alts.
@_date: 2019-09-16 15:27:09
For as much as it hang around $6k before calling it the new bottom ... Oh wait it wasn't the bottom, it dug deep to $3.2k before *actually* bottoming out.
In other words nobody can possibly know future market sentiment. The bottom can only be called after the fact (I.e. after we have left it far behind).
$10k is not a bottom because we are literally ... there. It may become that if we set an upward trajectory for the following few years.
But again, it would be called that after the fact (not during)../
@_date: 2018-07-29 04:02:15
Bad bot.
Merely a non-American
@_date: 2018-07-19 07:09:59
None. Volume is your friend. Severely different markets then and now. Also the run to DEC 2017 was much more significant than the one of that spring
@_date: 2018-07-29 21:57:15


Because it would be unprofitable for them to do so.
If say the average bitcoin produced costs $5000 (a placeholder number put anything here) and go to 1/5th of it ($1000) then by definition 80% of the people won't be making money EVEN IF DIFFICULTY ADJUSTS.
Difficulty adjustment is not a cureall. It does not magically make an unprofitable situation profitable. All it will manage is make it profitable again for the bottom 20% (in costs). The rest 80% would still not be satisfied (would need an even greater difficulty adjustment but it won't come because the "bottom 20%" would be sustaining its levels)


I am a software engineer for 20 years now.
I am telling you what will happen in case things go down and stay down. It is very predictable, I do not see why you find it hard to understand.
Bitcoin is not some impenetrable fortress. It is very fragile and in fact I am very surprised at how resilient it has proven to be already, especially after the latest congestion episode (of late 2017). But its luck would run out if it is does not continuously patch .
I identified one such vulnerability. Ignore it at your peril. Game theoretically speaking in case its price goes goes down and stays down it will be attacked with almost 100% certainty.
@_date: 2018-07-31 23:15:44
We are going to 3k, seriously.
Unless sth incredible happens with ETFs (doubt it), we break below 6k and go to the last resistance of last September (3k).
The 2018 crash shapes up to be far worse than 2014's. That was the second time that we could not go over sma 200 (bullish signal fro trading algorithms), the total fall over ATH would be greater than 2015's even, it will happen faster, at much greater liquidity (meaning it is real) than then, bitcoin would become unprofitable for a good swath of miners (again for the first time ever). 
If Bitcoin survives 2018-2019, it will survive everything. This last fakeout, in particular made me a disbeliever. Society seems not to be ready about Bitcoin. It was in sale, and still nobody much cared and even amidst good news a new fall started.
@_date: 2019-09-24 13:42:28
Nope, read again. Gemini sells those BTC for fiat for them.
Literally just a way to add sale pressure to Bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-09-09 05:52:06


Yet you allowed for it.
Are you slow? I am against Gun control.


Nope, no legal way to defend against a corrupt government. If they come to take you away you're gone. How are you going to defend yourself if you do something/anything that the central government didn't like? Like say throwing tea into the sea? Oh right, they'll arrest you without even having the capacity to have (an actual) say on the matter.
The second amendment was about a serious matter. I.e. disallowing the government (or anyone really) to have a monopoly of violence. You turned it into ("I want ma guns"), all the while they took away the guns that the 2nd amendment was actually talking about (again, anti-AA, armored vehicles, etc).
@_date: 2018-07-12 23:45:07
It is not. On speculatory assets one buys sentiment not price. 5k while falling as drastically is the same as if a real world asset was priced for $1000 (let's say).
And 5k while rising as fast (as we did in 2017) is the same as if it was priced at 10k.
On specualtory assets your sentiment is according to where you feel the asset would be in the near-mid term and IMO the 1k-10k analogy I used is metrically accurate too. We're waaaay down than last year, than even the time that bitcoin was at 3k. Nobody in his right mind would buy bitcoin this year, last year it was a great investment no matter the price (until the bitter end).
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:06:12
You don't attack the network to get anything from it. You couldn't care less , you do it so that to bring it to a halt. Again it would be worse as iin my scenario there is about 70-80% of the hashpower that is idle. People would need days to confirm anything if that. Also you can be reversing certain payments altogether and then confirming those reverses.
In general creating mayhem for enough time that you deem necessary.
It would only cost you the electricity used for said time and if it all happens by a dark pool where all the "disgruntled miners" go, in fact the costs would be very low (just a day's mining in electricity costs). Now if those have shorted bitcoin in the meanwhile they can make far more.
Like I said idle hash power if it remains idle for long can be up to no good.
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:28:29
I have a long history of (being downvoted for) being against bakkt. 
Every time we had rumours for its imminent release, from last year already, we had a dump and once it was actually released we got the big dump. The market hates bakkt and the sooner we forget it ever existed the better. On top of it all it's a fail as a product too, never understood the hype around it. Veeery different than the futures hype which actually had us from $3k to $20k, or even the ETF hype which could cause great positive price movements when/if it seemed probable. Bakkt was always bad news, even as a probable release it would always bloody the charts, don't know why news agencies loved it so. It is a bad luck crow...
@_date: 2018-07-28 02:19:28
Again, my issue is not centralization, my issue is idle hashing power.
I.e. a sudden and rapid fall to $1k (say) happens and there is more hashing power that is idle than one that is mining.
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:05:01
I know exactly how difficulty adjustment works. I actually read the white paper. It always adjusts to the levels that a 10minute block is the highest probability meaning that it falls proportionally to the hashing power. If for example the hashing power falls to 1/5th then 1/5th of current difficulty to solve a block would exist meaning that you can overpower the network by using some of the remaining 4/5ths of sitting power.
Or do you think that the vast majority will not switch off in that scenario?
I mean Bitcoin difficulty adjusted downwards already at $6000 levels, imagine the downfall if we reach $1000 levels...
@_date: 2018-07-29 00:01:48
It is exactly what happens when the price goes down and stays down. It has happened to many altcoins already.
@_date: 2018-07-27 17:49:49
Well it will be far worse than the late 2017 congestion episode caused by bcashers.
See, bcash people hardly had the power to make an as powerful attack as the one I suggested, at best they could spam the network so that to prove their petty point that bitcoin fees are astronomocal without having to.
In my scenario you plain reject all transactions by constantly forming the biggest chain including no transactions at all. Basically you counterfeit the ledger and since you have more than 50% of the hashrate you can do it for hours to no end.
Basically Bitcoin stops working for as long as you wish. An hour, 10 hours, a week?
In my scenario the attack can only last for 18hours or so to make a point, I.e. that the network was compromised, not merely congested. After operations resume bitcoin''s price would plummet making you rich as you would have already shorted it.
That is a very plausible scenario if you have lots and lots of idle hashpower. In fact from a game theoretic point of view it makes sense for some neutral actors to pull it off. They can even rationalize it by claiming that they were merely testing the network. It doesn't matter, they will make millions and it will show that the network is vulnerable...
@_date: 2018-07-10 18:59:23


Heh, maybe, but it can go both directions. Don't take me wrong alternative formss of money/value will become the norm in the digital era. All I'm saying that this one may have been a false start all along and it will take everybody down with it (at least those invested).
In new tech only rarely the prime mover is also the one to make it big. Let me offer you the examples of altavista search engine, friendster and MySpace social networks, heck , even Nokia smartphones....
@_date: 2018-07-18 23:26:00
A bit of how distributed networks died when ARPANet closed operations.
I don't think Bitcoin will die, I do find it very probable that it will be replaced though. In fact I would be very much surprised if it is to remain the flagship of decentralized , trustless Cryptos.
It won't happen in a day and probably not in any spectacular manner but like most prime movers there is a much greater chance that it will be replaced. Entering price discovery territory (I.e. breaching 6k downwards) would be a good chance. And if it is not to be used I'm sure there will be more.
I don't think Cryptos live and die through bitcoin anymore. Certainly it was true in 2014, less so nowadays, not at all in 2020s...
@_date: 2018-07-20 10:24:34
Rising BTC dominance in a rising market means a boom is imminent. It happened the last two time (before the two spikes of June and Dec 2017).
It says something. Possibly that new money is entering the market.
@_date: 2018-07-10 20:15:28
IMO bitcoin is more than a communication protocol.
It includes a systemic creation of value, a way to audit it, a way to transact it. It does many things at once. IMO it's a beta (which is why it is very much developing still) but a much more completed product than tcp/IP ... Which is great but also may be proven its protocol.
As a love of (new) tech I have been interested to it since 2011... Only lately invested to it. Still not because I believe it more than then, merely so that to have skin on the race and hence keep my interest more alive. It can well die as much as it could in 2011.
More people are aware of it but that is a double edged sword...
@_date: 2018-07-27 02:12:57
No 1/5th of them would continue mining it is the other 4/5th that I am worrying about. In the above scenario I do not trust them one bit.
Say bitcoin goes to $1000 and stays there or around that price for a year or two, some of the rest of the miners may try to sell their equipment, but given how little bitcoin mining would be making the equipment's price would have plummeted so a lot of them would decided to coordinate an attack after first having shorted bitcoin.
So they create a forum in the deep web and they alot another 10TH/s of mining power which they promptly point it into a pool they just created and said pool starts interrupting pretty much all chains, starts reversing payments and in general creates mayhem for a few hours. 
After said mayhem stops bitcoin transactions resume (said pool goes dark) but this time it is shown that bitcoin is not as secure as everyone thought, so strong selling commences. Bitcoin loses half its value overnight and all those idle miners with their fake pool just made millions by closing their shorts.
After a few days pass they decide "what the hell, let us do it again".
So they do the exact same thing, except this time Bitcoin devs decide to fork away from sha 256. But guess who has all the money at this point. Yeah, the attackers after all the short action. So they are the first to buy the new equipment and attack bitcoin AGAIN (after having shorted it).
 So they do the above enough times in a row and bitcoin dies, nobody trusts it again or PoW coins. Everybody reverts to PoS or some other form of validation... The end.
@_date: 2018-07-22 12:48:59
Those wars were happening for centuries in Europe. WW1 and WW2 was their peak. Before them there were dozens and dozens in the prior centuries.
NATO+EU is in fact what stopped the wars, to be more precice. One was striving for economic and social stability, the other for security.
NATO would be less and less of a factor, especially as the EU starts developing its own army. It is basically that Pres Trump is fearing.
In all the polls Italy is very pro EU, as Greece always was despite voting for Syriza. I know it doesn't make much sense but there you have it.
Only UK was consistently anti EU which is why it is now out. It was also the reason why NATO is still relevant (all prior plans for EU army was vetoed by the UK). Once UK is out the NATO would not be relevant for long.
Again, though, all those are irrelevant. I was mostly stressing that it is possible to create a decentralized global village. The two are not exclusive for each other. Never understood why the anti globalists think that they are.
In fact the only way for globalism to work in a stable manner is if it works in a decentralized manner.
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:21:37
Sometimes I wonder if some of you even understand why bitcoin is revolutionary.
Obviously you have a hard time with concepts, bitcoin should be too hard for you... It's weird.
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:47:08
Of course, we talk on a theoretical level here. Still for completeness sake you have to argue the "worst case scenario".
If that happens maybe that is what we will see, then. Still I'm quite sceptical that bitcoin would be mined at a loss , after all rich people haven't become rich by operating at a loss very frequently...
IMO the abrupt adjustments in price is still a blindspot for PoW coins. I wouldn't expect bitcoin being perfect in this (or in many other things) being the first trustless form of exchanging value that is/was actually operational,but it certainly should concern any altcoin that is thinking of adopting PoW, I mean that is as long as they actually care.
@_date: 2018-07-24 13:32:14
Same reason that in happened in Nov 2017. People speculate that institutional investors would enter the bitcoin market (and not the others for the time being).
Back in November was the speculation around Futures this time it is the speculation around ETFs.
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:00:42
Point is an attack would be far cheaper in that case.
Even if it is to never happens, it would always loom as a possible scenario which *can* debase Bitcoin's usefulness (just the fear of an attack).
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:49:10
I can definitely see a lower low at the end of June which is rare as well as peaking high during the whole of June which is even rarer (for the two to happen at the same time). The effect is not the most visible but certainly not imperceptible as I would expect given that we did not become really unprofitable.
Next dip we will see the pattern more clearly though (if it ever comes any time soon) and I bet you you will see far greater volatility too.
@_date: 2019-09-24 10:35:14
Bad news, even more gateways to sell bitcoin, none new to gain them.
Those methods would make sense if no 3rd parties were involved (selling your BTC for you). Means the public is not ready yet for it. I cannot fathom many spending BTC like that, in the same manner that I don't know many buying things with gold.
@_date: 2019-09-19 20:14:17
Nothing ever invented was a set of one. We don't have just one national currency (to rule them all), we don't have one type of tree, we don't have one genre of videogames, one style of governance , etc, etc, etc.
Even if Bitcoin eventually rules supreme there would be at least a few alts that will also be successful, just not by the same amount. The universe we live in has rules and Bitcoin will not break them, it will follow through like every invention before it: *some* of its copycats will survive and thrive, just not on the same scale, that's by definition true ever since Bitcoin survived all these up and downs (copycats will be created and some will survive).
@_date: 2019-09-01 14:05:39


No, I didn't that's the amount of armv8 personal devices currently in circulation. You can't go more specific than armv8.


Nothing can emulate something similar to AdSense. Google (or whomever that owns the code) blacklists it.


100% decentralized. Mining is local, only the rewards are communicated. 5 billion devices solo mining. Can't get more decentralized than that.


Nothing of what you wrote is anything close to what I wrote. Nothing that you invented to replace whatever I am describing has anything to do with reality, indeed. In that we agree. Stop inventing stuff, read what I am telling you.
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:03:07
In the end of the day they are rational actors.
They may have sold most of their BTC and they may get an offer even greater than any (possible) projected earning, why should they not commence with the attack. 
Maybe not most of them, but in my scenario even a minority of them (20% of the current install base) would be enough to launch an attack. 
Say the Chinese government feels the Bitcoin as a possible affront to their plans to continuously debase their national currency, say they pay those idle miners to attack. What then?
@_date: 2018-07-21 20:07:07
There is enough food to go around the world times 10 (4000 calories per day per person by a recent counting). Only bonehead people create famines which in turn works against them as the very poor people you created will come to your doorstep eventually and will make your life worse as well.
@_date: 2019-09-18 14:02:13
It's very on topic though. It sheds light towards possible actions that may be taken against Bitcoin wehn/if it adds strong privacy features.
Privacy being a human right that is not yet ratified as such is going to be fought by governments through their arms. Governments always hated human rights and wherever possible they would oppose them, it's only after two uber catastrophic WWs that they had to finally ratify them in law. Privacy was not thought back then and they are going to try to take it away any way possible.
Altcoins or not this is a very shitty things for exchanges to do. They act like gonvermental goons...
@_date: 2018-07-29 03:43:33
I'm confused. Doesn't "libertarian" mean lover of freedom? And if so why is he/she in the same sentence as Nazis and gun nuts? (sorry, not american, confused by your lingo)
@_date: 2018-07-26 16:55:15
Unless the public is heavily invested to bitcoin those posters are not "the public", instead they are tiny tiny minority of it.
So the proper headline should 97% of a tiny tiny minority of people support bitcoin which is not news because you can find support for any sort of crazy things in tiny tiny minorities, from racial supremacy to flat earth and even worse conspiracies.
For price stability to be reached we do not need 97% of a tiny tiny minority supporting the ETF we need the actual ETF to pass and then 97% of the people could *actually* invest to bitcoin giving it stability.
@_date: 2018-07-14 17:30:22
Unless of course Intel finds a way to bully and shut down the rest as they did in the CPU world. Or do you believe they had the better sales in 00s (for example) because of having the better product?
Like I said they are master monopolists, if they enter the market they will cheat and maim and if proven victorious they *will* control the hashrate. They are a known trojan horse, you should be afraid of them, not welcoming them.
@_date: 2018-07-27 01:07:38
I described the scenario in another post of mine.
If the price suddenly plummets far below the average price of mining one bitcoin then a lot of miners would disconnect their miners from the network, meaning they would stay idle.
Now imagine them staying idle for months to no end the loss of capital they would represent.
Maybe at that point some of them decide to overpower the network by attacking it. In the meanwhile they have shorted bitcoin. So they add their hashpower back only this time so that launch a coordinated attack by forging transactions and causing a general mayhem through launching a 51% attack to the network.
IMO it is a possible scenario if we fall below 3k and stay there for some months. All the idle hashpower represents a vector of attack to the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2018-07-14 10:24:03
You *know* you're in the wrong side of the world when shady characters like Intel is joining.
Maybe it's too late for Bitcoin to switch to FPGA friendly (as opposted to ASIC friendly) algo where at least a modicum of competence is required, but at least some vigilance is needed now that centralizing forces (i.e. Bitmain) is being joined by monopoly veterans like Intel (contra revenue affairs, bullying and shutting down the competition, a team of lawyers that is probably better paid and more numerous than engineers, etc).
IMO the ASIC market is the more troubling side of Bitcoin, because whoever controls the hashrate controls -more or less- the future of Bitcoin. The segwit update was a minor victory against them, but in the long term , espec if hardcore monopolists -like Intel- join it would be harder and harder.
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:27:25


Not really. I was using EU as a model of how globalism can work from the get go. You could not fathom a decentralized way of governing a massive federation and I geve you some making the first few steps...


A powerless old man as compared to any state's head of state. His role is overstated. The US commissars of the deep state are much more powerful and equally unaccountable (they are holding government positions despite the ever revolving door of presidents and winning parties)
@_date: 2018-07-14 18:36:42
If past experience describes what we should expect in the future then it is not a conjecture it is a warning.
It's funny how everyone around here seems to have issues with banks all the while companies like Intel *that destroyed lives in a proven manner* get a free pass.
I'm not "waiting to see", I know *exactly* what they will try to pull off...
@_date: 2018-07-28 01:48:29
The last drop was due to news. It happened minutes after Winklevoss bros ETF was rejected.
Too much of a coincidence to be a ... coincidence
@_date: 2018-07-27 22:55:18


Actually I said the exact opposite, as long as you can make money through mining it is silly to attack. But that is out of topic and not the scenario I am discussing.
The post to which I originally replied said that bitcoin's price is unconnected to Bitcoin's survival and I gave one scenario where that is not so.
I.e. when *most* miners are not and cannot make money and their millions of dollars investment is collecting dust for years.
Then and only then an attack makes sense and in no other occasion that I can think of.
So ask yourself, is your coin unprofitable for the vast majority of miners for quite an amount of time? If no, then no your coin is very probably not in danger of an attack. Which answers all your questions on the subject (why BTC or BCH is not attacked yet).
Reread my posts that is what I am saying from the get go. I don't know what you were thinking that I was saying instead.
@_date: 2019-09-24 15:57:01
No, that is not how you create demand for Bitcoin. It adds a step. Very few if any would biuy bitcoin so that to buy sth they could already buy w Fiat.
This is the reverse way to get adoption. Gemini (the whale) accumulates through this system all the while both the buyer and the seller lose bitcoins (or possible bitcoins).
Bitcoin is about P2P transacting. Using Gemini as a middleman defeats its purpose.
@_date: 2018-07-12 22:38:58
How soon?
Is 2030 soon enough?
2008 recession didn't correct sh*t and if anything doubled down on an unsustainable commodity and asset bubble that is brewing ever since the last one popped.
We're almost 2 decades in , with nothing in the way of *actually* backing the value of world markets.
We are in a bubble similar to '99s (I mean world markets). At that time it was 18 years of almost inexorable price growth which ended up in catastrophe.
This time things are worse as there is debt accumulation on top. When this one pops it will be nothing like 99s, it would be worse. Oh and crypto may well die when that happens. Satoshi invented bitcoin so that to weather relatively minor crises like 2008's, he even expressed as much. He was totally silent on the crises of the likes we saw in 1930s, 1970s and early 2000s.... Those are the ones that almost nothing survives.
We may have one last hurrah before the inevitable demise of the current crypto market, we most possibly don't... and 60k maaay come provided that bitcoin survives the coming catastrophe (it can well not), provided it remains a leader, provided that one can wait...
So like I said , 2030 and even that is a big if....
@_date: 2018-07-28 05:16:25
That is the meaning of the word "scenario" it hasn't happened to bitcoin yet. Happened to plenty altcoins though and that is *exactly* how it plays out (apart from the waiting part)


Seriously? Do you know how difficulty adjustment works? It is intimately connected to the hashrate, you know. If people keep mining the difficulty will never go down. It will only go down *because* many/most would switch off their miners. Making their miners idle hash power thus a vector of attack.
Are you closer to understanding the concept or do you need even more explanation?
@_date: 2018-07-18 20:52:24
Then again you are going to see FUcoin everywhere. No reason for institutional money to be thrown into anything it doesn't think it will benefit them.
Depends on how you measure success. If disruption is success then maybe bitcoin is the eternal winner for inventing the whole damn sector, but if use is success , then yeah, bitcoin can be toppled overnight.
Not even saying that that's a good thing. Merely that it can and most probably will happen.
@_date: 2019-09-24 20:50:44


This is a superficial similarity which "hides" a way deeper difference. In the first case you *have to* buy bitcoins to participate in that market in the second case you don't and if you do buy (to buy things) you are penalized through fees and time wasted.


You are a strong minority. You're heavily penalized when you buy something while jumping through hoops. I honestly don't get why don't you simply buy fiat products via fiat and bitcoin for storage of value (like most Bitcoin fans would).


Certainly when using gateways (like Gemini) to trade it. Mixers can only help to a point. True anonymity is something that precludes bitcoin still...
@_date: 2018-07-27 13:00:25
Total costs (not just electricity)?
Even if they pay as low as 3cents on those famed hydro valleys they still have to pay for the land the people working there the revolving door of hardware. I was being generous for saying that they only pay 8c for every kWh *they* spend
@_date: 2019-09-09 15:54:01
Or maybe I know more than you do (if you think that I am talking about videogames it figures).
Yeah, last century's guerilla warfare already is not cutting it. And it would cut it increasingly less. If something can be made in a home it is not the kind of thing you want to have in such a battle *unless* you somehow reach similar levels of expertise.
The attacks would be against "rogue states", " the people" would be behind the government as much as they are/were behind the arrest sometimes torture of people having to do with substances or anything really that the federal government dislikes. In fact that is exactly the point, the state has monopoly in violence *because* it is not afraid of any kind of uprising.
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:25:46
Well in my scenario bitcoin stays low for months even years. In that case they feel that their equipment is already lost and they had probably sold their bitcoins long ago, so again it would be easy for them to think that maybe it makes sense to attack.
The cost can be distributed if they attack through a "dark pool", like I said it can only cost them a few days of "mining electricity" at most but the promise of liquidating longs and keeping the pocket money is so great.
The liquidity won't be low though if they lose the grip to the network afterwards. If anything you would see a rush to the doors and since they would be shorting they would make millions.
Yes indeed there will always be the risk that a whale will liquidate their leveraged shorts but it would be much more probable that they would be simply taking the money of the longs in millions...
@_date: 2018-07-30 23:24:32
All easily counteracted if you have enough desperate miners willing to form "a dark pool"


Yeah. And they would never be forming the longest chain because they are not mining nodes. In case of a 51% attack *you* form the longest chain with the most confirmations and in absence of evidence that you are a fraud , the network accepts your transactions as true


When difficulty adjusts (in a scenario that we go 80% below average profitability) it would still be the case that the price could only accommodate 20% of the former hashing power because any more and the difficulty would rise and make mining unprofitable again.
So it doesn't solve the fact that mining would be unprofitable for the vast majority for an extended period of time. Difficulty adjustment is a temporary fix in this case. Also there can be no second hand market in an unprofitable market. Yeah a lot may try to sell their miners. Nobody would buy them though as they would be useless to generate profit.
New miner equipment may or may not come in the meanwhile. But remember we are already close to the limit of silicon atomic radius, 7nm miners are very near (70 silicons atoms side by side at their narrowest parts). So don't expect much improvement in the future, thus I doubt that new equipment would change the dynamics much.
You can see how a lot of the idling hardware would stay in the hands of increasingly desperate (and thus danger) people.


Costs would be nothing to the attackers. Inside trading is a very profitable venture. They would only cause the event so that to inside trade, not because they stand to benefit by it on in itself. Set bets instantly before they commence the attack.
Also absolute costs would be distributed in case that the attack takes place through a dark pool. I.e. one created just for the purpose and it is basically the pool operator that pulls it off.
I have still haven't figured how the attack could take place exactly , but certainly it would be something to cause maximum mayhem which would hopefully create more pronounced effects in price after the network is restored and thus the attackers stand to gain even more due to inside trading.
@_date: 2019-09-01 17:35:06
OK, back to the drawing board since you seem to have taken a wrong turn some posts back.
3 things:
1) There are ways to engineer a self-evolving hashing algorithm. One that never stays the same, not even in principle. Those algorithms are called progressive,  adaptive, random or what have you. There are 3 current implementations that I know of, probably more that I don't, Progpow, CN-Adaptive, Random-X
**I am not advocating any of them in particular**, I do advocate that kind of thinking when one should build a hashing algorithm. As far as I can tell it is the only way to avert cartels to take mining away from people.
2) Now more particularly you can optimize parts of those algorithms to use certain kinds of calculations more than others. Say use L2 cache a lot, or maybe runs better on particular impelmentations of risc computing, or maybe others are designed to use the kind of resources that GPUs mostly make available. Whatever, it doesn't matter. Point is that optimization can and does happen on self-changing algorithms and at the time of writing certain alts do try to create mobile miners *because* it would be more efficient to mine their coin on arm v8.
It is possible that all those amateurs will fail. Bitcoin however has the userbase to actually research those things well. Say the community donates some to find a kind of algorithm which makes mining efficient on armv8 SoCs as compared to anything else really.
3) The important part of that is that you can build further on top a type of system which enables people to *solo mine* without hassle and use their rewards to have an ad free experience.
Again I explained a potential browser which tells you, set up your solo miner as you like, however you give your rewards to us and in exchange we block ads for you. They then use part of their revenues to pay the content creators, or better yet directly. That is instead of ads content creator (say an app or a website) ask their users from the get go whether they want to transfer their mining rewards or see ads.
That last choice would be the one to be communicated remotely. Not the actual mining, then the rewards would be transfered accordingly to said remote location.
So no central control, pretty much everyone solo mines and gives out the rewards to avoid seeing ads.
@_date: 2018-07-09 16:11:55
Volume begs to differ.
The whole of 2017 does not hold a candle to Nov and DEC 2017.
No, the majority of people bought in those two months. Granted volume is not 1:1 with the amount of people buying but it correlates very well.
Also certainly many bought before, bust most of those bought in those months (and their aftermath) meaning that their average bitcoin is nowadays much more costly than it used to be.
Let us be realistic, the last 8 months wrecked the people and many won't return...
@_date: 2018-07-21 01:43:52
I doubt that people expect to get rich because Charlie Lee said so.
They do expect to get richer -though- if ETFs for bitcoin are approved in a few weeks time.
Watch the drum up towards CBOE's suggestion (for ETFs) lately. Half the bitcoin articles are referring to it.
Last time CBOE suggested anything we saw BTC dominance go towards 60% and once the CBOE's futures went live Bitcoin to 20k.
We'll see the same now too, but since we vault from twice the price I expect a higher peak too. Probably 50k. 
Of course what is even more probable is that ETFs get delayed and BTC breaks the 6k levels which would be scary as it is major support that has practically held since it was first passed last year. We'll enter price discovery territory which is anyone's guess where we'll stop.
So -yeah- we are at crossroads, either 50k or 2k in the following few months. And IMO both are realistic targets given how crazy bitcoin pricing is.
@_date: 2018-07-18 11:54:14
Ultimately it will happen. I doubt that Bitcoin will remain top cap coin forever. In fact it's irrelevant too. What difference does it make (for bitcoin) to be a top cap coin or not? Does it change any of its functions?
Last time bitcoin started falling (last Jan) it lost a lot of its dominance. In fact it went as low as 33% dominance During its fall from 20k to 6k. Pay closer attention.
@_date: 2018-07-21 18:08:06
If any "wing" dominates we won't have much of a future.
Wings is for those who like thinking in lines. The world is not as simplistic, any ideology is defunct in its birth, the world is too dymanic for something as simplistic as an ideology to describe it in a non-boneheady way.
AIs cannot come any sooner. The human brain is way too small for political thought, way too many variables, it fries it. The only correct way in politics is to understand that the problem is way too damn complex. Right wing is less wrong than the left wing (which is why I'm more sympathetic to it), but ultimately very childish.
Politics like anything else should be based on facts not lines. Only an AI based on game theory can understand facts. People should not vote, honestly, way too dumb. Nor should we have an autocrat, even more stupid. Both democracy and autocracy are the dumb and the dumber. We do not find scientific fact neither by having people voting, nor by someone telling us "this is so". The only way to know the true way forwards is lots and lots of data and data crunching. i.e. Data Mining and a system of regional AIs...
An automatic system, like bitcoin's. In fact *exactly* like Bitcoin's. Too sad to see that even in Bitcoin sub we have people still believing in politics. Politics is as valid of a discipline as astrology, we need a robust system. Not "the dumb and the dumber".
@_date: 2019-09-09 15:59:55


If you think that I said anything remotely leftist I worry about your well being. *You* are left to my rhetoric, you have accepted a million restrictions that I find leftist and you seem in support of them, but OK...
Also I do not see a connection of the thread you quoted to anything I said. Your guns have no chance against an increasingly mechanized army, that is what I said. You do know that there is already the capacity to eliminate single targets from the air, correct? If some mfer wants you dead, you are dead *because* you have given up your right to bear arms that can actually do damage to those things.
@_date: 2018-07-29 00:25:11
You didn't even touch it.
You talked about difficulty adjustment which is irrelevant.
I was talking about what happens after difficulty is adjusted.
I.e. only a tiny minority of the previous hashpower is still mining and the rest is idle. If the price stays down then those (idle) miners will attack depending on how long they are out of commission. They would be fools not to....
Their equipment would remain idle because nobody else would want it (any more than anybody would want older asics right now) apart from their original owners.
@_date: 2018-07-18 19:57:30
I was following the 300% increase quoted on the chart. Still same difference, falling short more than an order of magnitude is not good news for McAfee or rather his nether regions :p
@_date: 2018-07-26 23:48:53
On in itself obviously not, but you can see how it can start an action which can lead to grave results.
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:24:06
Yes obviously. If your miners do not cost much in the second hand market because of the whole "Bitcoin has crashed and its difficulty so you cannot make much money by mining it" issue.
Governement's electricity cost is not $0. You cannot get something for nothing. The lowest average (per year) cost for electricity is about 5 cents of the dollars and comes from geothermal production.
You don't need a governmental entity to incentivize you to attack the network, necessarily. You can also short Bitcoin with leverage and make insane amounts of money in the event of an attack...
@_date: 2018-07-27 14:09:25
I think you are the one who did not understood my scenario.
If Bitcoin rises to 20000 and then falls to 1000 it means that you now have a lot of idle miners. I.e miners that it is not profitable for them to mine. You can only see/fear that happening in the case that you would have an intense and extended drop to difficulty.
This hasn't happened yet. But if we fall to 1000 and then stay there for a year or two it will happen.
Antonopoulos did not address the issue of *idle* mining power because it was a non issue then. It may be an issue this year or the next though.
@_date: 2018-07-28 23:59:50
Idle hash power is very dangerous in case it remains idle for long.
In my example the hashrate is not growing it remains stagnant along with the low low price for a year or two.
In that and only in that case would you be in danger from being attacked by idle hashing power suddenly going online one morning and fiercely attacking the network.
@_date: 2018-02-12 13:00:05
Teamviewer asks to be verified from an email account that you have given before allowing you to enter a given account which in turn means that someone should both hack your teamviewer *and* email account to gain access to it. 
Good luck with that especially if someone is using a combination of two factor authentication and multi sig to let access to his/her email account.
I have absolutely no idea how one's teamviewer can be "hacked". It's a pain as it is when I'm adding a new computer to my teamviewer account. I wonder how much more of a pain would it be for a would be hacker...
@_date: 2018-07-09 18:44:52


All of those are applications of Bitcoin and none of those are widely adopted. Don't read half my sentences and respond to that, it's patronizing.
It may become widely adopted with real world use. Until then it's a speculation machine.


I gave you a chart backing my thesis. Just look at it, *Literally* each week the interest is less than the previous one.
I also wrote that the thing may reverse any time. But until then we're in a downwards spiral and if it doesn't reverse we *will* reach 0 (it probably will reverse at some point though, to be fair ... but yeah, until then we're treading towards zero ... literally so).
Being a speculatory asset people's interest in it is *everything*.
@_date: 2019-09-29 15:17:43
Yes, according to volume traded $5-6k is the next obvious target (I.e. where I expect the price to stop falling).
However of note is that whenever Bitcoin breaks the 50 (weekly) EMA (currently at around $7800) it enters a period where it either fails from breaking it again (to the upside) or breaks it and then immediately fails. In short it enters a bear market which lasts for more than a year.
So historically speaking if we break $7800 and stay there for a week or two we would be below it for another year at least, most possibly more.
I don't think that to be the more probable scenario since Bitcoin has never entered into 2 bear markets within the same 4 year cycle. IMO we either go sideways or return to $10k levels. There's a 20-30% (IMO) that we enter a bear market though.
Let's see.
@_date: 2018-07-29 16:16:55


Of course all I said that we are a slowing down though. Which is factually correct. The gains from each generation compared to the last is significantly humprerred.
Don't take me wrong , we are still on an exponential curve, just a much more pedestrian one. So yeah, we will have doubling in performance , but not once every few years , but instead every few decades.
Again, see the aerospace industry. We get gains in fuel economy every other year, but it got us almost 25 years to double it (in early days it could take as little as 3 years).
In tech things tend to peak. The law of accelerated returns not only is it not a law, it goes directly counter to how nature works (it creates S curves, not runaway exponentials)


It was never scary to begin with. It is relatively easily preventable. It is only scary if we wait for that era to come (2020s) and then do nothing when/if the price falls way low for a year or two.
Bitcoin can *only* die if people are arrogant enough to think that a 2009 tech can survive 2020s threats without any modification.
@_date: 2018-07-31 19:00:46
No I wanted to talk about how the only way to avoid this kind of injustice is to avoid selling of facilitating drugs. You got the whole weight of 150 years of politics against you.
Unjust and unfortunate? Yes, but as long as there would be nation states they would enforce strict bans to a swath of substances.
Like I said above, that goes way against human rights, but nation states often do (but there are trade off, which -apparently- the majority accepts).
@_date: 2018-07-22 12:41:57
Again you are assuming what an AI would think. You cannot do this by definition.
It is possible to create a system that has better results than anything you can think off, hence the point of the system.
The myth of a diabolical is just that a myth. An AI is as good as the data you feed it. If you feed it garbage date it will feed back garbage results. Which is why I am making this very suggestion on a Bitcoin sub. The bitcoin network is basically a primitive way to automatically vet garbage data (double spends, etc).
It boggles my mind (again) that few make the connection and what something like the bitcoin network can actually do in the world.
The "murderous bot" motif is a pre blockchain motif. You scale the jurisdiction of the AI as you scale your ability to vet information *automatically* (basically you throw the 'experts" away, because apparently only machines can be experts).
Technocracy can only work if you have no technocrats. A bit of how trust can work if you can have no trusting party.
@_date: 2019-09-30 13:32:13
Guy is an elf, he can be a hodler. How about you? You have to have returns in a few decades (at most) or else your body would start ... decelerate at which point there won't be much you can do with whatever wealth your hodling will bring.
I'm all for longterm time preference, as long as you can have said "long term".
@_date: 2018-07-27 12:12:45
It would not if you have shorted Bitcoin with leverage beforehand
@_date: 2018-07-29 23:26:12


Oh but there would be no double spends. Again Alice sends to Bob. You let it go through. Once it does you send the same amount back (Bob to Alice). There is no double spend. And being the longest chain it will win out (than any that does not include it).
And you do that for every transaction. I.e. every transaction that gets 6 confirmations gets sent back. And you do that for a day or two. If the confirmations needed is bumped , you change your forging algorithm to take it into account.


Again we are talking in a hypothetical here. Do not stray. I never said that mining is maxed out currently, quite the opposite. I said in my example mining would be maxed out and nobody would want your used miners.


No that is not what I said. I said the average bitcoin (in my example) costs $5000 to be produced. Then difficulty falls and is now costing $1000 to be produced.
There are not many miners with 0 zero energy costs. But even if they were I accounted for them by giving an average figure. As long as the average figure is above 0 (I.e. not all miners have 0 energy costs) then my scenario will play out.
For some unknown reason people here underestimate the cost of mining though. Even with zero electricity you still have to pay people , the land (in one way or another), faulty hardware that needs replacement. Also renewables are not 0 cost at all. In case of solar you have to constantly change batteries, panels "rust" at some point and generally lose capacity with time, wind turbines need replacement parts every few dozens of thousands of turns, geothermal needs to have its piping constantly cleaned. Hydro is close to the cheapest , but even that goes through periods of lower production if it uses naturally occurring lakes and streams. The ones using barriers, I.e. government projects, only few have access to them and only them get "free electricity". Everybody else pays *something* for it, no two ways about it.
@_date: 2018-04-12 07:52:11
Funny thing is that "efficiency" is irrelevant on cryptomining. A few MHashes per second are probably enough to secure the network, more than that is actually wasteful (no matter how many hashes per W you're doing).
What secures PoW based coins is decentralisation and if giants like Samsung are to take over the nework, you are basically less secure not more. Because variance in hardware and people is what keeps the nework secure, not hashes. 
Those tweets man...
@_date: 2018-04-19 10:47:33
The trustless nature of the blockchain is literally the only thing that sets it apart. If you think it's useless you have to explain an at least 20% of world wealth being lost in untracked, or -worse- tampered transactions. You have to explain events like the yahoo hacks or facebook illegal use of personal data. I don't think anyone trusts anyone, it's just that we can't do better currently.
The problem with cryptos is that they are not an established technology yet. It is still being developed so in itself is not being trusted. It's in speculation phase, if it gets out of it unscathed (i.e. without any major hack/attack) big institutions would start trusting it more readily. Nobody wants (or needs) to lose a percentage of its wealth in financial crime, for better or worse an ideal blockchain stops *exactly* that.
I don't think you got the blockchain's value proposition (it is not transaction speed, nor is it anonymity, nor of course is its deflationary nature, most of those are red herrings, some -even be- bad ideas too)
@_date: 2018-07-20 00:17:07
Tell me about it! The fact alone that you can have a list of vendors that accept bitcoin, to begin with, means that bitcoin  is ded, at least social-acceptance wise.
@_date: 2018-07-27 18:29:14
No a few days at most. Read my 2nd paragraph.
Indeed it makes no sense what you just said.
@_date: 2018-07-21 20:05:01
Globalism as a form of centralization of power never worked never will be.
I take my definition by the Schengen accord. Basically the closest we have come to true cosmopolitanism is the EU where 27 disparate nations and ethnicities live under one rule that has almost no power in the local level.
Of course it has started changing is some things, but in the end if something does not pass in the local level it does not pass in the EU level. All/most of everything has to ratified by every last nation, meaning often the need for a referendum (in some states).
It's the least centralized form of governance to date...
@_date: 2018-04-15 16:07:49
Not very useful for many reason but above all you cannot compare "total wealth" with "wealth being created each year".
A more apt comparison would be cryptos vs financial reserves of each country (which due to rampant debt is often minus, so even that would not mean much)
@_date: 2018-07-22 16:19:53
He did not understand what I was talking about.
I was talking about data feeds he thought I was talking about decisions.
In fact a blockchain like vetting process creates the feed, the AI creates the decision.
Also the AI is regional. That is to say diff AIs for dii problem. No all knowing GAI which is Sci fi and probably will never exist.
@_date: 2018-07-22 17:42:04
Not he does not. Nobody is taking migrants . Most still live in Italy and Greece, where they were first admitted.
They tried that line (I.e. some to be relocated) and it was practically overturned. It never happened.
If anything the migrants disaster happened *because* there is less Europe than it could.
Imagine if all the countries were trying to stop the migration wave in Greece or Italy instead of raising their silly walls. By giving up on their co Europeans they ensured that the problem would reach them.
The commission was **for** building an inter EU boarder patrol and most states said f*ck it and left Greece and Italy , two states with their own problems to have to solve the issues of the rest.
The problem was and is at the shores of Italy and Greece. Solve it there and no immigration issue any more. It would be less costly than raising individual walls. It is *exactly* the kind of issue that the EU was built to solve and the only failure of EU was that in such instance it should have been able to enforce what is in the best interests of most (better boarder control in Greece and Italy).
@_date: 2019-09-09 05:53:50
How about governments? I.e. what the second amendment was about? Are you kidding me? You think that the 2nd amendment was about protecting your home against intruders? Goddamn is that an extremely reduced version of it...
@_date: 2018-07-27 21:35:48


Cashers are very profitable too at this point in time. In fact it seems to rise in tandem with BTC unlike the rest of the alts, or rather closer to it.


Obviously which is why miners are actually allies and mostly protect bitcoin at this point in history.
My concern is what happens when a large minority of miners turn coat.
Granted it won't be easy as many/most have become rich already due to bitcoin, but it is very plausible scenario to think of a time that bitcoin cannot sustain them, or at least a large minority of them and that they are in a desperate situation and at that time they are thinking of their viability as people.
This can well happen in a scenario where bitcoin falls at 2016 price levels under current difficulty and *stay* there for a year or two. 
While improbable at this point in time it very much shows,maybe even guarantees, that a similar scenario will play out in the future (I.e. bitcoin goes down and stays down for a few years).
What then? What's blockstream's (or anyone's really) solution to this? Pre-emptive hardfork, but then you just destroyed the business of even the few that were still making money. Live things as they are? You risk an attack from disgruntled miners, etc...
@_date: 2018-04-04 07:34:42
Defeats the point of decentralization (where the blockchain gets its security from).
If such a gpu was possible many/most ASIC resistant coins would hard fork to penalize it. The point of the blockchain is that anyone can (and should) be evolved in it in each of its stages, so no specialized hardware which is only serves to centralize mining power in the hands of the few.
 Think of the internet but one step further. The nodes are mostly centralized but the content isnt't (in Internet's case). The blockchain tries to decentralize both the nodes and the content... which is why some call it web 3.0 (silly name I know)
@_date: 2018-04-22 21:57:51


It's funny because I'm the last to be called dreamy eyed. I'm not totally sold to the tech for that very reason. There are a million real world hurdles for ever becoming fully effective.
I was explaining to you how valuable the tech is *in theory*, not in practice. Aviation back in 1900s was ultra valuable as well but if some guy went along and said it may not ... take off "for this, that and another" reason, I'd agree with him.
But if there was another guy (you) saying that it won't work even in theory I'd disagree and give him (you) an ideal progression of things.
Truth is, aviation became big early due to the two WW and the immediate need of it that they presented, without them we may still be flying on monoplanes... but the value in the idea/tech was *there* all along... which is exactly what I'm telling you (about the blockchain). Not that it will take off, I'm as sceptical as you, but why it is *actually* a good idea that may well not take off.
Btw learning code is a relatively easy skill. It's like me telling you that the entire premise of buying stuff is learning basic arithmetic, but guess what, an increasingly mathematized world forced people to, and most are naturally good with arithmetics anyhow ... as will be with code once society becomes digitized enough. We're the first gen of overt digitilization , give it another 50-100 years and see how basic coding would be a common knowledge... it cannot not be...
@_date: 2018-04-21 04:15:01


That is a complete fabrication. No amount has ever been stolen from any blockchain that was not under a 51% attack.
Most of the rest are non sequiturs that are already answered (reread the post to which you replied) but for the sake of completeness. I'll answer one and therefore many/most others.


Yes! Do you know how software works? If it's open source I've effectively written the code for anything that I'm using. I can change it, I can audit it, I can scrutinise it, it's all there.
So I don't trust anyone but myself, that's the point of using a trustless system.
And if it os end to end. Then exchanges should be open source / decentralised as well...
You're being purposefully obtuse. I'm telling you how the tech works and you pretend that you do not understand or understood something completely different.
The technology is end to end, which includes the use of 3rd parties, if you so want to. But if you get goxxed it's all on you. I mean my car is safe on low speed collisions, if I get into a low speed collision all the while I'm setting it on fire then I'm going to die a horrible death. But that would be due to my terrible judgement, not due to my car's "lack of security"...
@_date: 2018-07-27 00:20:29
Since I'm quite invested in Bitcoin it would be silly to be FUDing, on the other hand I have to keep a realistic outlook, else it would mean that I'm not being serious about it.
@_date: 2019-09-17 09:39:31
I don't go by who is using the money and who is not. I go buy the amount of money being used to social nets. Ofc many in need don't get too get any of it and some through fraud may get it. What I in fact propose is a system of negative taxation. I.e. those who are *actually* in need, I.e. those who make the bottom 10% of the income pyramid whould/can have an additional income in the form of negative taxation.
In that sense you still use the same amount of money (whatever it is being used in food stamps and similar) but you allow the free market to specify who will *eventually* get it by allowing the recipients of it to spend it as they please instead of having some agency telling them how to (spend it).
Last I read (the governmental budget) enough is there to basically allow everyone to supplement -say- a $20k income which is enough for basic needs but not enought to live well (thus most would seek better jobs than reducing themselves to $20k). Also to get a negative taxation you have to have a job or at least actively looking for it , it is not a handout but rather a way to have something before starting a new venture or whatever.
@_date: 2018-07-28 22:47:44
I explained why above 


It wouldn't be profitable in the above scenario.


How is it not a fundamental flaw if you have no embedded strategy to deal with disgruntled miners?


Social networks was anew feature of the Internet of early 2000s. Myspace did go away. Prime movers generally go away...
@_date: 2018-04-20 11:52:21
The blockchain is trustless, not the exchanges. The exchanges are a speculation machine, not part of the tech. Not to say that trustless decentralized exchanges couldn't exist, but that is another topic.
Talking of stolen bitcoin in exchanges is like talking (about the security of the banks and) of your neighbour coming in your home and stealing you cash. It's irrelevant, it says nothing about the blockchain.
The only valid way to buy and exchange bitcoin is peer to peer, any other is not part of the tech as it goes out of the blockchain into the servers of a 3rd party. Thing is there *is* a way, if you use it or not is all on you.
The software is open source and easy to set up in a toy/test configuration to check it for yourself. There is nothing in it that cannot be scrutinised and doesn't really belong to anyone. Its development is bounded by game theoretic forces (it has to develop in a manner that is self sustainable , i.e. in a way that all 3 major groups of interest of the bitcoin network are being satisfied, devs-miners-users, as one feeds the other in a non trivial way)
BTW you never need to trust a 3rd party to exchange your coins. I use bitcoin to buy things (every now and then) and do it directly via exchanging bitcoin from my wallet to the vendor's and then attaching the transaction ID to a message that I send to the vendor
It's about storage and transaction of data/wealth in a manner that is foulproof. That has never done before and to the extend that is truly foulproof it's probably one of the greatest inventions of the 21st century. Esepcially if it starts taking over all processes that until now required a centralized database. Imagine how much wealth would be unlocked merely by the act that neither the data's storage nor its transaction can be tampered with. The value of such a proposition is immense, at least several trillions in today's valuations, hence the rife speculation.
Of course it can all go to zero if a reliable and relatively cheap way is found to tamper with it (for example there is the 51%, but no cheap way exists to initiate it , currently, giving dicincentive to a potential attacker, if anything you can actually make it even harder to the attacker, as the network grows)
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:31:30
$14k was the peak. "Somewhere in the middle" is where we hit a few hours ago ($8k), any lower and it is lower than the middle.
@_date: 2018-07-29 00:34:36


Again, in my scenario it won't be growing. Nobody would be buying new miners unless they are more efficient. But we are already close to 7nm ASICs we won't go far lower in hashrate per J of energy expended.
We are already close to a limit. So in my scenario however much would the hashrate grow it won't be enough to wallop the idle mining power ...
@_date: 2018-04-22 19:25:10


You don't if they use the blockchain to decentralize. Blockchain is trustless


Which is why I included most of everything else I wrote (yet you ignored).
In brief:
A) you only need to trust one (the one who reads the code for you)
*or* (b) you only have to learn one skill. A *stark* contrast to what currently exists.


You do realize that 30-50% of wealth production is lost to corruption each year, right? A trustless system cannot be circumvented. I cannot think of anything more valuable than several dozens of trillions each year. Like literally, everything is puny compared to that. It can bootstarp an industrial revolution level of change (solving security).


As unrealistic as people knowing basic math and reading 100 years ago. Except coding is even easier...
@_date: 2018-07-26 21:40:50


The market apparently doesn't. BTC is in freefall as of now (broke the 8k effortlessly). It also shows what I'd always say, this rise was ETF born, nothing w Chinese money or anything other than ETFs.
@_date: 2018-04-10 23:44:59
How does blocking one from using his/her debit card to buy a legal asset protecting him/her in any way?
Are people charmed by being babysit? What does a bank have to gain by disallowing an asset class? Especially if debit (and not credit) is being used?
@_date: 2018-07-10 08:33:16


Not very obvious , it is still volatile AF. Widely adopted assets do not have the ups and downs of bitcoin. Look at rare metals for example.


Again you read half my sentence(s). I also wrote "if nothing changes". Historically there are assets that were risen to prominence and then, promptly faded to obscurity. Bitcoin may not be one of them, but we are not at a point in history to know that. 


Just be careful with your exuberance is all I'm saying...
@_date: 2018-04-22 13:12:18
No you defined the blockchain as if it is a theoretical structure. Since I've actually used it end-to-end I didn't.
Obviously it's not a tech ready for mass adoption, which is why it is in speculation phase, but it *is* functional end-to-end.
If you want mass adoption you'd need decentralised exchanges and decentralised payment processors playing the role of the "3rd parties" that we currently have...


Not really, I don't rely on any of those, there is nothing revolutionary in doing that. I'm relying on my capacity to read code alone, that never happened before. Just one piece of "book knowledge" to secure me against anyone and everything, I only trust myself.
No system has ever given that in the past. I always had to trust unelected "masters"  in anything I ever did. Just one of them being a crook it was always enough for corruption to start ... and guess what , they/it always was. It's basically how corruption works on a trust-heavy system, even if 99.9% of the system being honest 0.1% is enough to create a great economic (or otherwise) loss.
 It's an asymmetric danger. Basically what the blockchain solves. Basically all you need is to know how to read smart contacts. To do that we can have coding being taught alongside reading and math on *all* people, we have to standardise the way those contracts are written (so that anything going on in them can be a semi-general knowledge). Heck for those who don't want to learn coding they'd only have to trust just one person (just one who reads the contract) instead of myriad others as it stood with the current system.
It *completely* eliminates the trust issue if you are open to learn coding and minimise the danger if you don't.
Yeah, that's revolutionary by my counting. Especially if more and more institutions adopt it, creating a trustless layer wherever the connections between  institutions/people exist (so you can always check *all* the steps of your "transaction").
@_date: 2018-04-12 20:17:56
Some people like to live on the edge. Some climb mt everest others margin trade Bitcoin. SMH
@_date: 2017-07-29 01:19:55
Say after long and strenuous mining I mined 1 XBT that I keep on a hardware wallet to which I hold the private key.
Should I transfer it to Kraken or would I lose all of it be doing so?
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:15:44
OK, sure, and you are probably right to not be interested. Degenerate gamblers would still force quite more alt seasons on us though is all I am saying. Even if Bitcoin remains the only sound Crypto, you are not getting rid the gambling devices in this market as you didn't in any others...
My prediction is based on past behavior of this and other markets but also in human psychology. It is not a bold statement to say that a lot of those coins only remain alive because of degenerate gambling. Heck feathercoin had a new ATH in late 2017. Its developers have almost abandoned it yet it still had a new ATH. 
You think those buying feathercoin or whatever don't know what they are getting into? They don't care. Who do you think buys CypusCoin , Electronium and TurtleGold (lol, those are all actual coins)? They are fully informed and they do it all the same, those people don't give any f*cks , they are degenerates and force alt seasons on the market whenever they see it fit.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:44:36
Lol do you even read what I write or you are merely enjoying to create a strawman out of my ideas and pretend that I believe the opposite than what I clearly told you.
No you doofus, I said that the military and the governments should be out of the neighborhoods. Neighborhoods having their own fucking drones and heavy machinery. The opposite than what you say (a strong military and a weak populace with limp dicks in hand). Lol...
@_date: 2019-05-03 06:55:29
Here's a rebuttal. Tether and co is used by stupid people that are just entering the space. Most of us old 'uns store our value in Bitcoin or similar because it.is a.much.better.store.of.value (deflationary, unchanging, continuously working) , which is why unlike you or those that store their money in tether we see our savings appreciate over time.
 USDT and similar mostly creates problems because it does not let people to understand that they should not store their value in something that is backed from an inflationary asset. Anything inflationary in fact it only good to spend , not to store value
@_date: 2019-05-27 23:21:23
First one was part of a parabolic move that was bound to be short lived (and indeed bitcoin was only above $9k for only a few weeks if you think about it.
The other times were spasms of a withering market, again short lived.
If we go above $9k it may well be the first time that we genuinely do so, I.e. in a way that will make going back *below* it short lived (instead of the opposite as it was before).
So yeah, to me , only now the price actually reaches $9k or at least is close to... Exciting times ahead, especially since the market is here without the "help" of the FOMO crowd. "We" are genuinely breaking those barriers (though a pullback around these levels should both be expected and welcomed as a healthy way for the market to set buy orders and stop losses all the way through $9k and beyond)...
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:59:29
I am telling it. If they had proper defense they would not have had their towns blown up by drones. All they had were limp dicks, I.e. guns. See how they fared...
@_date: 2019-05-10 11:21:06
I disagree with none of that yet still my argument holds. This is a speculators' market the chance that we will see (at least a partial) FOMO back to alts is far greater than see them croak. Cryptos are notoriously hard to kill price wise, unless sth is a clear scam like Bit connect or the team abandons it you should expect greater highs to them than in the 2017's bull market. At least it happened so to most/all alts that continued their development between 2013 and 2017 (they reached higher high in 2017, despite being crazy overvalued in 2013 already). People like to gamble, and alt coins that nobody heard of are better vehicles for gambling than BTC...
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:00:44
Protecting themselves from the problem that dispersing guns to stupid people created in the first place.
It is like throwing your children to drown and then pretend that you are a hero because you decided to save half of them.
Again criminality is higher in US *because of* how many more gun are dispersed to stupid. The only true way to prevent such crimes is not selling the tool in the first placd, not constructing it, strictly controlling of it. It is like lead, useful in some things, but useless to downright harmful in most...
@_date: 2019-05-27 14:33:09
In 2015 it went to $160. That parabolic run started at $2 formed a first peak at $200+ and a second one at $1140. So literally never happened... (Mid 2013 was not a bear market the recent price action hardly dipped below the older one)
@_date: 2019-05-10 07:50:36
Lol BS. This is a speculators' market. Which means that we will be alternating between Bitcoin and alt season forever. You seem to forget that this jump in price happened first in alts and BTC only followed the last few weeks. Before that we saw an LTC going from $25 to almost $100 ... **that** is/was crazy.
I mean I am all for Bitcoin and its purposes but some of you guys are straight deluded, how is the above comment the most upvoted? It is literally untrue. Most alts have already gained more from their bottoms than BTC, it merely happens to be the case that BTC is a late follower of trends because it is harder to move (in either direction).
If people were waking up all Cryptos would be having zero valuation as they have near zero real use cases for the time being. Thank god they are still dreaming , still speculating and out of the valuation that said speculation may create we may eventually see actual use cases too...
TL;DR: Alts have gained way more from their December lows than BTC, don't know hat OP is talking about. We're merely in BTC season, it will be followed by an alt season eventually...
@_date: 2019-05-19 08:45:24
Yet one made much more money through "hodling" (some) alts than Bitcoin.it's only natural, lower liquidity -&gt; way higher volatility. Most of those lost 95-99% too last bear market, so obviously it's not all sunshine.
But in general , yeah, it pays to "hodl" alts instead of panic selling it for BTC as long as you like gambling. Because they are either getting 200x (especially if they are young) or go to 0. BTC is not getting 200x anytime soon. Those days are long behind it...
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:21:34
No you are guessing (or rather the original comment to which I responded did) You are basically pretending that a trend change is equally probable to things continuing as possible. Short to medium term is practically forever for a human lifetime, I am talking at least a decade probably more.
Also I am not the one gambling, I am explaining to you how humans are, I am not telling my opinion either. It is how markets have been for as long as markets are around. Gambling will *never* die off , it will only be less domineering of this space as real world use cases are coming online more and more. Which again puts it at least a decade away.
People realized nothing, we've merely entered a BTC period, if you were long enough in the  market you would had recognized the signs. If you are into gambling it is basically the best time to actually sell BTC for alts (basically any time you see BTC going parabolic you have to transition back to alts little by little). Almost a decade in this market told me exactly that, so basically the opposite than the general sentiment in this thread...
@_date: 2019-05-24 23:47:13
2014 and 2018 were bear markets. 2019 is not, 2017 wasn't either, hit all time highs (at the time) in June. 
The market is way too illiquid anyway, meaning that a single actor can choose what the market will do. And since that is such an unpredictable factor we are better off not predicting anything for the short-medium term....
@_date: 2019-05-11 23:36:23
It literally can't happen and have Bitcoin survive it. If it goes to $1k it will be in its way to $0. It cannot go to $1k and stay there, it will be attacked.
We are current having at least 60 EH/s of mining power around 50 of it is mining, meaning that they make profit. The rest (10-15 EH/s) are idle for the time being. If we go to $1k you'll get hella lot more idle miners. According to a quick calculation only 10-20 EH/s of hashpower will remain mining the rest will bolt because mining would have turned unprofitable for them. 
Then difficulty will follow the hashrate (drop by leaps and bounds) opening the network to an attack by the idle mining equipment. It will basically make it the most profitable move at that point for the idle machinery, I.e. mine an empty chain and suddenly transmit it to the network, allow for chaos to ensue and gain profits by having already shorted the coin (basically due to having inside information).
So yeah, Bitcoin can't go to $1k and survive. Not ever since we broke 40 EH/s of total compute power... (The idle miners will attack).
@_date: 2018-12-15 23:53:28
Of course I do. Something like a deflationary virtual coin would always be useful in a debt ridden era. It would always have a use as a hedge against debt fueled economics so it has a definite point of existence.
However I do worry that its security apparatus does not develop. If a more secure deflationary virtual coin gets traction I will instantly convert to that. However that may never come which is why I'm mostly Bitcoin still and taking the ride down along with you folk. 
@_date: 2019-05-29 17:08:19
Yet even it needed years to reach its old highs after a 80% correction. So even if you take Bitcoin's price history it is a stupid prediction.
@_date: 2019-05-27 14:39:23
Never understood why people think that $260 was the end of that move. Did you miss the run to $1140 later that year? 200 SMA hardly dipped below 50 SMA in the meanwhile, if anything it found support there, characteristic of the continuation of a bull market (you don't actually get a death cross)
Bitcoin had 3 clear bull markets thus far. 
$0.05 to $32
$2 to $1140
$160 to $20k
It never dipped below the last top. Watch how each starting point is way higher than the last start starting point (40x, then 80x and if we indeed bottomed at $3200, 20x presently).
@_date: 2018-12-01 03:11:02
No. Mining is more inefficient because you will now use two miners in place of one. So same energy consumption, but twice the material expenditure.
I think you have to read up my "rambling response" after all. I explain it there beautifully. That post was made *exactly* for people like you that don't get the incentive structure of bitcoin (it inverts the effect of what happens in individual cases... when talking of the whole network).
@_date: 2018-12-29 07:49:13
Not you, but for most investors 2008 is way too close for a major recession to follow it.
Recessions do not happen at the drop of a hat. We often get corrections (once or twice a decade), major recessions? Not so.
Such a (bad) period was the the 1970s and the 2000s, and the 40s before it as well as the 30s and 10s. If you remove the 40s and 10s (major wars).  You pretty much get such periods every 3-4 decades or so. Let's say that time has been compressed lately, so 2-3 decades is a more realistic timetable. 
So next recession, realistically has to start in the later part of 2020s ... if it happens earlier I would be very much surprised, it will seriously challenge the American dominance (two almost back to back recessions in peace time).
And in general as long as people talk of recession ... it is not coming. Once they truly believe that "this time is different" *then* it will come. Recessions only happen out of complacency. It is mistakes piled upon mistakes. Before said complacency is developed people/institutions are more at the ready and basically prevent anything happening.
The latest rowt in the stock exchange is nothing more than a healthy correction to the parabola of 2015-2018. I would be very much surprised if it is left to become a full on recession.
@_date: 2019-05-09 21:15:00
Each candle shows Bitcoin's price action within each month of its existence. If it is a green candle it is telling you that the price of Bitcoin ended the month higher than how it started it. In that case the lower end of the "body" (the thick part of the candle) is where it was 1st of that month , the higher end is its "closing price" (where the price was the end of the month).
If the candle is red on the other hand the opposite is true. It means that the price went lower in that month. The highest part of the body (in that case) is the "opening price" (where it was 1st of that month at 00:00 UTC) and the lowest part its "closing price". 
The "wicks" (the thin part of the candles) is the rest of the price action that month (basically the volatility), the one that was not able to "fit" within the main body.
Lastly I also included some lines in that graph. Those lines are represent average price of the last "x" months (from 20 to 50 month if you watch the legend on the upper left side). They are basically telling you the average price of the last 20 months was always greater than the average price (of Bitcoin) for the last 30 months and the price of the last 30 months in turn is/was higher than the last 40 months (and so on and so forth).
That basically tells you that the more recent price (of Bitcoin) is always higher *on average* than older price action, which basically means that we are in a bull market as far as a monthly analysis of the price goes. And that is true ever since Bitcoin became a tradeable asset. Very few other assets share such a history. Tech stocks before 2000 come to mind, some of them had a good few years (almost a decade for some) of constant price development. They only *really* popped in 2000, keep in mind that we haven't seen that w Bitcoin yet, we only did so for other cryptoassets though. Bitcoin seems way more resilient than the other Cryptos price wise... But it is inevitable that it will pop too at some point, I.e. experience an actual crypto winter that will last for years, and that's regardless of its long-term survival. **At some point this -10 year- tend has to end**, like seriously end , not for one year only to resume later. See what happened to gold, it is not taking its old highs for decades at times...
@_date: 2019-05-12 23:49:18
They sold the news, bought the rumours.
That bull rally were to be capped around $3k (June High) before popping. It did 6x that and went completely parabolic because of the futures' rumour. Sure it eventually lost almost all of it in a year (by Dec 2018 it was back to $3k) but if you want to be fair you have to say both sides of the story. I.e. "caused the last leg of the parabolic Bitcoin move, but also popped it"
@_date: 2019-05-27 18:17:17
Obv it is a matter of definitions. Typically though most people would say that we enter a bear market when the 50 daily simple moving average (the average price of the Asset in the last 50 days) move(d) below the 200 daily SMA (average price of the last 200 days). Which never happened in 2013 for any great amount of time. Did happen in 2014 though which is why most would call 2014 a bear period and 2013 not... But like I said, it is a matter of definitions. IMO it is more clear cut to call it all a bull market, with 3 distinct rallies (2010-2011, 2012-2013, late 2015-2017) and 3 corrections (mid to late 2011, 2014-2015 and the whole of 2018)
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:05:07
Of course it is an emerging industry, one that I -myself- try to scale into. But like any emerging industry is also a market and in a market you win big if you gamble, not if you play it safe. If you play it safe you will win some, no doubt, but those who bought ETH $10 in early 2017 and sold it @ $1k in late 2017 simply won more than if they had not gambled and played it safe w Bitcoin ($1k to $20k).
I am not telling you that you should gamble, merely that people like it and therefore alters would always be around, they'd !merely be less prominent, a bit of how penny stocks are still all around us but given their low valuation they are not in the news ... but they are *still* around, a lot of them went to zero but others emerged to replace them. People like gambling, alts are here to say, some of them may even turn into legitimate projects so they'd doubly be around.
@_date: 2019-05-17 11:30:33
It sure seems to me that we go (quite) a bit lower from here still.
We gained over 100% in a matter of weeks. I expect us to shed at least half of the gains from here. Very possibly a revisit of the high 5000s-6000 mark
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:05:46
You cannot ban guns in a single city. You have to completely stop constructing them, strictly control for them, giving no leeway, nation wide. Guns are like lead, useful is a very few cases, completely stupid to own or use in any other.
You disperse guns to stupid people and you made them invincible because stupid does not care about their own lives, in the minds they are martyrs or heros or whatever. 
Again I am all for personal defence, but it should not be "stupid friendly". Guns are way too easy to operate, then sub 90 IQ are getting them and start creating problems.
Knife crime is not even close to being the problem that gun crime is. Knife crime is actually harder to commit and that alone stops most of the chickenshit stupid morons that commit gun crimes. Forcing them to use knives alone is enough to halve the murders...
@_date: 2018-12-26 04:01:22
That was an important statement back at the time when the most prominent venue of commerce (and in general, speech) was the public sphere. In an increasingly privatized world protected speech laws make less and less sense as we'd only have have privatized venues. Generally the market should intervene and create free speech alternatives. If however it doesn't we'll get polarized venues (one way or the other), exactly where we are headed in other words.
That cat (J. Petterson) is building his own Patreon alternative which let me guess would simply hold the opposing political views than patreon's. So this cat will be kicking out "Marxists". Then Marxists create their own venue... you get where this is all going.
Many parallel forms of discourse that never meet and build nothing worthwhile or lasting. All the while they do build polarization however that one is hardly lasting, you get civil wars out of it (if it gets too much).
A blockchain based venue of commerce (and eventually speech) would be the ideal as it will stop the current polarization efforts at its tracks. It won't kick people out because simply won't be able too. True neutrality. Alas we may be too late for that though, polarizing figures are already building their own venues. They better fail... 
@_date: 2018-12-26 00:50:41
Funny thing is that those were a thing during the bull period.
People wanted an explanation of why bitcoin was booming at semi random intervals in 2016-2017 and were making up random explanations. Since none was there to challenge those (hey they affirmed themselves) when 2018 came around people actually thought that their assumed reasons would work again ... guess what. If you assume stupid reasons you get stupid results ... apparently.
"The markets move in mysterious ways". That is the only explanation you will probably ever need.
@_date: 2019-05-10 08:10:44
Forever is a bold claim. I meant to say "practically forever" (I.e. until several Cryptos become part of a functioning economy)... 
But yeah, we are not out of that price pattern. It is literally what happens currently (we just alternated back to BTC season, before it Alts were gaining waaaay faster than BTC, just a month ago in fact)
@_date: 2019-05-29 17:05:48
4months are nothing for them. They usually accumulate for years....
@_date: 2019-05-12 23:44:26
Nothing bearish if people indeed flew away from 'Finex and Tether, it means the market is maturing.
If anything I am saying for years that if Tether goes kaboom the market will moon because people would lose faith to stable coins and finally start storing their wealth in actual digital assets like Bitcoin aiding its valuation (by storing wealth in Bitcoin you remove that amount from the market and thus you make it even more rare which often translates to a higher nominal value).
To be fair I don't think that to be the reason. The market rarely seems to be affected by news , it follows a 4 year cycle down to the T. But in the event that the market were to follow news , tether going kaboom would be bullish news, no reason for it to be bearish. Tether is pretty much the opposite of what a crypto is or can be, basically it is not a crypto it is a digital token that is arbitrarily valued to 1 USD... There can be way better providers of liquidity to the market...
@_date: 2018-12-15 03:32:17


What is the alternative for a big miner that came in in 2018?
Having millions of equipment rotting? Maybe forget his running costs. 
If you time the shorts perfectly, I.e. exactly after the reorg takes place, no short squeeze is happening. People would be panicking and trying to remove as much money from Bitcoin as possible.
The shorter would rack up all the longers' losses across most/all the derivatives' markets.
It is not a complicated attack either. It will cost nothing in equipment (it is already idling) and probably niot much in other resources (many big miners prepay the electricity). So instead of 1 week of proper mining, some big miner decides to mine an alternative chain.
There is nothing too risky or hard to that.
Sure devs would put a checkpoint, but the chaos would already be there, said miner would make billions through his shorts. The attack would be complete by then
@_date: 2019-05-20 19:06:38
Pyramid schemes promise guaranteed profits (which basically come from new "investors'" funds). Bitcoin ain't that, not even close in fact. You must be intoxicated to even think there is a connection.
Tax evasion on the other hand can and does happen. But firstly it is not very smart to do it using Bitcoin (everything can be tracked once you make 1-2 real time connections). Secondly Tax evasion can be and in fact is only as (un)ethical as the Tax Laws it evades. Certain forms of taxation is pure theft that can only be functionally repealed if people simply stop paying those, others may be absolutely necessary for the basic functions of a well working state. In that (second) case, tax evation can indeed cause harm.
So you referred to two things, one of which is completely false and the other is only half true (people do not use Bitcoin to tax evade there are better coins for that), but in the extend that it is true it is only half unethical (only in the cases that taxation is both necessary and constitutional/lawful).
So congrats, you just described mores that only 1/8th of them actually do happen in the real world.
I mean I know you are trolling but there are always naive people that found pithy comments like yours ... convincing.
@_date: 2019-05-22 19:37:30
Agreed, really tough to wipe your tears with several thousands Bitcoins he has left. If instead his wealth was denominated in $, he could at least use the hundred thousands $100 bills he would own to wipe his tears.
Really feel for the guy, he really lives a tragic life
@_date: 2019-05-05 19:42:10
Happened about a year ago too, showed BTC at $4k briefly (or was it yahoo finance, don't recall) and people got panicked AF. Turns out it was prophetic (not hard to be prophetic on a market that can be moved by a few million $, especially of you both the one that makes the prophecies and the one moving it).
So yeah, we're about 6 months away from $30k according to my BS calculations (last time we got a similar warning we were about 6 months apart from actually seeing those prices)...
@_date: 2018-12-15 00:09:35
So you see no issue with 9/10ths of the hashrate idle with no way out?
Do you honestly see no issue with millions of $ equipment that are impossible to be sold waiting idle, drowning?
Because if I was them instead of prison time (pretty much what awaits you if you are a giant business that bought miners in 2018 and can neither turn profit from them nor sell them indeed) I would simply short on a derivatives market and then proceed to attack the network / mine empty blocks so that to recoup my losses.
@_date: 2018-12-01 08:44:55
It started in Oct 2015. 9 months before last halving....
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:34:40
Depends on how far underwater are you. 
If you only have creditors and you are personally implicated in said costs, then obviously jail time for you.
Not saying that many/most failing mining business would opt to attack the network. However if the price/difficulty continues going down, it opens the chance for an attack to many more people
Imagine a 5EH/s network ii place of a 60 EH/s one a few months ago. The kind of opportunity it exists for someone to short+attack almost without cost. And BTW all of that is legal. There is nothing illigeal in reorging s blockchain network. It is right there in its initial code, nor is there anything illegal to be betting against an asset you expect to fall in price.
IMO most would pass up such opportunity, however some *won't*.
In this bear ASIC mined coins were attacked left and right. Sure they were sh*tcoins, however if the difficulty continues falling as fast the circumstance in Bitcoin would very much become similar. A sub $1k gets attacked IMO, as sub $2k, probably. 
Sub $3k bitcoin (where we will be soon) is the twilight zone, and some hard thinking should be made by the devs and the community. At that point you would have more idling hashpower than mining one, which certainly represent a danger to Bitcoin unlike any other...
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:37:25
Because hashare follows the price. We lost 50% of it since early November and 40% of the hashrate. They are roughly analogues...
High hashare protects the network, low hashare (as a percentage of world sha256 hashrate) leaves it open to an attack.... 
A lowering price of Bitcoin makes it more probable that Bitcoin gets attacked. Eventually it makes it a necessity (if it goes low enough).
@_date: 2019-05-25 17:53:39
Keep it, no reason to sell it (if you don't absolutely need it). Crypto markets move in cycles and revisit their old highs. In retrospect 17k may be a good entrance price if you can wait until 2021-2022.
This market is crazy. Makes you want to sell early, yet you make more if you sell late...
@_date: 2018-12-02 16:45:05
Bitcoin's price pays its miners. If bitcoin is banned and miners can't sell so that to pay the electricity they exert then bitcoin is dead because it loses its most important value proposition , its security.
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:06:02
But if he shorts before every attack it is not a waste of money. Is it?
Already the costs (of an ideal attacker) are way too low (due to the reasons stated above). Sure, the price would stop sliding at some point because all the weaker hands would be out. However at that point how much would a single Bitcoin worth?
The community could only bring it to double figures. I can well argue that triple figures and above is the institutional interests' making. If Bitcoin gets that low, then the security would be pitiful, at which point even a proper double spend attack would be profitable .
See, you have to think of the worst case scenario before even attempting to securing a network. The worst case scenario is the a longers' funded attack (my scenario) and probably the most realistic when talking about a weakening security....
@_date: 2018-12-17 09:32:24
You live in a time with 10 times the material wealth as compared to any other. Give it up. The systems you describe were tried and are failed. Current system is failed as well and will be replaced by a better one , but most certainly not by some 19th century contraption FFS.
It is like saying my home vexes me because a lot of housework arises from it so let me burn it down instead.
BTW I have lived in places were so called "globalist slavery" takes places. Young people indeed work there, but the alternative was actual slavery on the fields, being literally owned by some a$$hole on top. Working on a factory it was an incredible upgrade, that families pushed for.
Things are not good, but far better (there) than 100 years ago. 
You are angry because you live in an imperfect world, but please , in the process of trying to make it less imperfect do not revert to an even less a perfect than the one we have today...
It is like rock climbing. All crevasses suck, however some suck less than others. Regional markets and autrarky cause immense differences in wealth between nations, which in part is what causes wars (imbalances of power between regions of the world,). What you call globalism finally (*finally*) brought some market efficiency and the strife for market equilibrium. It decreases the chances f war.
It is bad and it happens more slowly than it needs to be one hand, and more abrupt on another. But gods is it one million times better than anything tried before.... Goddamn autarky caused the world to be brought before the gates of WWI and communism before the gates of WW3 (that was happily avoided). Extremely bad systems, that people cling on for whatever reason.  
Read history people or expect go repeat it.
@_date: 2018-12-15 13:53:35
If it continues losing hashrate the chances of an attack goes up.
For the time being bitcoin is safe. If however it continues falling with as much force as it used in 2018 then we are entering a "manor of pain". Below $3k we get more miners idling than those that are mining. Still an attack is not imminent, if however the ratio between mining and idling nodes get into the multiples (say 5:1 idling:mining nodes) then the chance of the attack closes to 1 (I.e. a certainty). 
We have to wait and see though. Things are already quite worse than in 2014, security wise, only 2011 kind of compares. If however we go down from here we have to think that maybe bitcoin gets attacked and it gets abandoned as a safe medium of exchange. Interesting time ahead.
For example I was sure that Bitcoin surviving the 2014-2015 would mean that Bitcoin will survive anything. The 6k to 3k, forces me to rethink things, especially since unlike 2015, this one has not caused it to instantly bounce (in 2015 it went below $200 only for a while and then bounced. This time we had no bounce meaning we will go further down). The interest is simply not there sadly.
@_date: 2018-12-08 13:53:47
Each crash was milder than the last 94% in 2011, 87% in 2015, 93% in 2019?! That is a weird prediction.
Anything below $3k would be a step back in fact, already $3k seems to be way too far down for such a high volume/market cap asset (compared to BTC in 2015 or 2011)...
@_date: 2018-12-24 03:35:59
Bakkt never caused any price movement whatsoever. The market literally doesn't care about it.
It only reacts to ETFs and hard forks thus far (BCH hard fork and hash wars caused the price of Cryptos to halve, the ETF delay caused it to go to 3.1k)
CBOE products in general matter a lot. Last year the correction was about to start in Autumn, however the future's launch pushed it to December/Jan area.
I keep posting those for months now and keep being down voted all the while the market keeps proving me correct again and again. Nobody important cares about freaking Bakkt (or Liquid for that matter).
@_date: 2018-12-01 00:23:44
Obviously a commodity chip would help to decentralization much better than simply building a more efficient miner. But for that you'd need to build some kind of adaptive PoW and I doubt that bitcoin is forking anytime soon to allow for that. But in the long term, yeah, they definitely need to do that.
As for Intel helping decentralization (by building its own miner). Yeah, in the short term. However if her miner is *too* efficient it will help take over the market and the monopoly would merely swing back. So long term that is not a very sustainable model (obviously the others would try to one up Intel. However Intel has probably the best foundries in the world a d thus win the war eventually... If she survives that long in fact. Getting us back to a monopolistic situation)
@_date: 2018-12-14 19:51:54
Bitcoin never lost such a significant part of its hashrate (percentage wise) since its early days. We are entering uncharted territory.
@_date: 2018-12-01 00:59:45
Oh no he just started his reddit career. And you blocked him already. He is probably heart broken rn. It is so sad :/
@_date: 2018-12-08 11:35:13


Lol at the apocalyptic writing. You'd probably be dead before that happens.
Bitcoin better learn to leave side by side w fiat. If it is banking to the possibility of fiat collapse better stop right now.
Such semi apocalyptic events do happen from time to time in world history , but it is silly to expect them in your lifetime. There are million ways to pump fiat long enough so that you will be dead by the time it goes kaboom.
Like I said better Bitcoin learns to live side by side w Fiat because it would be a long while before superseding it...?
@_date: 2018-12-03 01:16:05
There are simpler ways for bitcoin to acheive that (using an adaptive form of pow for example). Having itself banned as the commenter -above me- implied would kill it as a secure medium.
If all you have is a bunch of underground miners then an entity, any entity would be able to rewrite the chain as if it is nothing with just a few $ million.
I don't even know how we started entertaining the banning of bitcoin. It is not happening. If it was to happen it would have have happened already. The fact that it didn't/doesn't means that most governments are cool with it. 
@_date: 2018-12-13 13:02:47
Dexes can never come fast enough. Centralized exchanges would always rat people out and as long as ownership is always treated with suspicion we have to have decentralized ways to trade it and of course own it . The second part is already possible w private wallets. The first part is very much -still- a work in progress.
If the law stops serving the people you change them. And if you can't you find ways to circumvent them. The flow of my wealth is a personal matter and as long as I do not buy anything illegal with it it should remain so. I never understood why people!e think that it OK to rescind privacy even if it is for tax purposes.
If you want to tax, tax consumption. If it is not enough to feed your giant government, maybe fire some of the bureaucrats or find better ways to make money instead of thieving around. Taxing only makes sense to a point.
@_date: 2019-05-11 06:34:25
I would seriously want to restrict the capacity of stupid people to arm themselves, they make me unsafe. The least safe communities are the ones where you have toddlers (sub 90 IQ people) totting guns. The reason that I refer to modern weaponry is because it does two things, it actually protects you against state actors (guns don't) *and* they are hard to use for stupid people.
And no knife murder is actually worse than a gun murder no matter how you look at it. It is also easier to control for though. Don't take me wrong, I am not against turrets or similar defensive systems that will start firing to anyone that thinks that it is a good idea to kill you in your home with knives or otherwise. I am against non-stupid proof weaponry (I.e. guns) because it gives an undue advantage to those that they feel that they have nothing to lose. And yes in that I include people who off themselves, if offing yourself is as simple as pulling a trigger then you get more people doing it than they would otherwise do. My problem with guns is that they are not stupid proof, if they were to become that (somehow become much harder to operate) then I wouldn't be against owning them. If anything I would like them to become far harder to operate and far more powerful so that you can both use it for defense against state actors and disallow stupid from using them...
In general weaponry should be offered to protect yourself from state actors, and at the same time not empower the dregs of society. They have to do *both*. A musket was way harder to operate so you didn't have toddlers operating them. You actually had to be seriously trained to use them effectively. Another way in which modern guns are not the equivalent of muskets (IMO drones and AA are far closer equivalents to what muskets where then).
So yes, I am all for what the founding fathers wrote, I am against to what people think that they wrote.
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:57:27
Most of the top coins of 2014 peaked again in 2017. I have absolutely no idea what you are talking about, you seem to be the one who is navel gazing instead of reading past history.
Again markets are irrational, they set a behavior and mostly follow it. Markets are uninterested to drivel or ideologies.
@_date: 2018-12-01 00:54:07
They won't if you didn't sell. You'd say "hey I didn't sell" and then go on and sell it somewhere else. Only selling an asset is a taxable event. If you buy and hodl you have no gains or losses to report.
However if you sell on some Chinese exchange, good luck with IRS finding out that you actually did sell. Of course at that point you'd have issues with bringin g the money back. But there are ways to deal with event that.
BTW I understand why Gemini and Coinbase did it, they want to be seen as serious financial institutions. And being square with IRS is one of the ways to do it.
*However* it will obviously lead to a bleed from their hot/cold storages, which IMO is happening rn 
@_date: 2018-12-09 21:00:26
Centralization in mining can be solved by fining the pooling of resource and by continuously changing the nature of the puzzle though the use of adaptive PoW.
Those are hardly insurmountable problems. They are one upgrade away from being solved.
@_date: 2018-12-26 21:48:18
And a couple more tweets like this one.
This is not about public shaming, this is about giving out a target. He helped way too many lives (those self help types often do) to be as liberal with showing info of his enemies online.
There is absolutely no reason for a total psycho that was indeed helped by Peterson not to go nuclear on those people. Should we forget what happened to the abortion doctor that was basically killed by the O' Reily factor?
With greater power comes greater responsibility. He knew *exactly* what he was doing by divulging said info. He is a clinical psychologist , he knows how little does a truly crazy person needs before going nuclear. 
He should fix his anger issues before he gets someone killed or worse (paralyzed for life or whatever).
I don't disagree with much of his message, I disagree with his "cadence".
@_date: 2018-12-15 00:11:12
They are not expensive if you can short the market before starting your attack. Bitcoin longers basically pay your attack. And if hashare/difficulty continues falling a medium to large operation may be able to pull just that w a pretty profit as well.
@_date: 2018-12-16 13:15:56
Trolls are not as detailed to their responses, nor have they put so much thought on them.
I'm honestly concerned about the direction of Bitcoin, because it tries to do something revolutionary, however it may fall short due to technical reasons (SHA256 is not adapted for cryptocurrency uses).
@_date: 2018-12-16 23:52:22
Didn't down vote you. Never downvoted a person , 10 years in here, not once. Never understood the point (did report some trolls though)...
@_date: 2019-05-10 13:29:37
Markets are irrational and Cryptos are irrational even from the markets' perspective. What you call "value investment perspective" may indeed play out in the long term, but it will most certainly not in the short term. IMO whoever gambles on alts fully know those, nobody is buying 100 thousands pieces of "cypruscoin" to hold it long term, they gamble on the short term price action of it.
The only "prediction" I made is that the markets are and will remains irrational in the short to medium term. Which tells me that people who will win big, once again, should be those that gambled in alts not those that bought and held BTC (they will win too if the market continues trending up, they will merely not do the 100x and 1000x that some alts may well do come bull market).
I am making a practical statement. "If you want to win big you have to gamble (and  risk losing it all) or play it safe and win equally as much but on much longer time frames".
@_date: 2019-05-21 00:04:23
You don't need many people to invest in alts to see their valuation go sky high at the drop of a hat, their liquidity and volume are pitiful, that is part of their allure.
You have to think (most of) them as the equivalent of penny stocks. Fraud in a lot of them, empty promises and hardly any development in most of them, *still* the best chance to make you rich overnight (but also to bankrupt you overnight).
You have to think a lot/most of them as gambling vehicles. They 'll exist (at least a revolving door of them will) for as long as people like gambling (I.e. probably longer than the legitimate portion of the crypto market).
I see their existence more as a function of the human psyche instead of potentially failed projects. Most of those project leaders know full well whast they are doing. They start as a legitimate project (in their mind) and soon devolves into naked profit seeking. A lot of them even skip the first step.
Indeed serious investment will come to the space (and IMO it already does). That will make the valuation of very few projects reach sky high. But you have to understand that even a 10x increase in Bitcoin will end with it being at more than one trillion valuation, 100x will get its valuation higher than gold's.
Contrast this with some shitcoin with  valuation at 1 million (currently). Come bull market it goes to $1 billion, *still* nobody gives a sh*t 'bout it and won't even show next to Bitcoin's valuation. If anything it will show less than it currently does. The guy who "invested" in it would have won anywhere between 10 and 100x when compared to Bitcoin's gains all the same.
Those are significant gains for which many (gamblers) would prefer alts. It is not a sound investment strategy but they don't care for any of that noise...
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:30:34
I am not assuming. It is exactly what happened when BTC drowned to $3k past November. We lost almost half the hashrate in a few weeks' time. If it goes to $1k eventually only 1/3rd of the Nov's hashrate will remain online, the rest will f*ck off as they did in November.
Then you end up with more idle miners than mining miners. Even if relatively few decide to attack (once difficulty adjusts down) it would be enough to create chaos and them to profit through inside trading.
Inside trading is the most profitable endeavor in markets. Of course some will attack because it will allow them to have prior knowledge of the price move!ent and thus (allow them to) inside trade.
The only thing that keeps bitcoin safe is that it is too expesnve to attack it. If difficulty goes to 1/6th to what it currently is, it will suddenly become easy target (given that the hardware already exists, it is merely idling in that case).
...not rocket science. Difficulty will follow price and BTC's security would be vastly lowered...
@_date: 2019-05-27 16:56:09
You will have a revolving door of actors contriving stuff in stocks, assets, markets. What matters is the big picture. Willybot, Mt Gox or what have you ... it doesn't matter, it would have been someone very possibly. Bitcoin acts like dotnet stocks on steroids. Their price action were contrived too by always different actors, But at the end of the day the arrow was always showing towards the same end, an ever pumping price. IMO he have not experienced a true bear market in Cryptos. When we do most people here would abandon this space and only be taken up by the following generation. Pretty much what happened with tech stocks. Never revisited their highs for a decade at least, most died...
@_date: 2018-12-27 13:59:09
Nothing as volatile is a good store of value. Maybe in 10-20 years. It is too early for a fiancail crisis. Both historically (never had two so close together in historical times) and from convenience perspective (Bitcoin is too weak still, it will probably die rather than survive it)
@_date: 2018-12-03 08:44:52
Well you didn't start, so you do not care to make conversation. Just reported your comment as spam.
@_date: 2019-05-21 10:54:38
I think a lot of you people should read up who Ponzi was and how he operated his scam.
First off there is no identifiable center to Bitcoin. People may (falsely or otherwise) believe that their wealth is going to be appreciated if stored on Bitcoin. That's **on them**. Bitcoin as a protocol did not actively pursuit them so that to appreciate its value. That's an impossible proposition.
As for stores of value themselves. They are only as good as people's belief in them. If Bitcoin is a good store of value or not,  only history can tell. It *seems* better than gold due to some of its inherent (technical) characteristics, but as long as people (for whatever reason) lose faith in it , it will lose its efficacy as a store of value. **But that's true** for any other form of a store of value. Bitcoin is not unique or particular in that...
So if you want to stretch the definition of a ponzi scheme to also include assets that only gain value from people's belief in them, then you have to continue stretching for as long as you can so that to wrap (in your meaning) everything and anything that does not and cannot be consumed in a way that fulfills people's physiological needs.
Maybe intricate Homes are a ponzi scheme. Why should they be valued higher than a home that is equally functional yet lacks as many intricate lamps, and furnishing and whatnot? **Most of anything is as valuable as people want them to be**.
Like I said Bitcoin does nothing new or particular on that end. It even has a practical function which would take off if was also not a direct competitor of fiat in that (the law is often purposefully unclear on what to do with crypto-gains so that fewer and fewer business may accept them as payment. It is by design so, do not confuse it for a market decision; markets left on their own devices choose automation and efficiency, I.e. sth closer to a crypto instead of legacy monetary systems)
@_date: 2018-12-13 10:59:39
Lol, prime trolling.
@_date: 2018-12-03 05:19:26
If Bitcoin becomes profitable again to small miners due to the fact that they can sell to a black market (or whatever) it is *still* open to an attack. 
If some pernicious entity want to end it by mining a longer chain and communicating it on the network once every week (and thus nullifying the last week's transaction) it would do it if the is some gain to it (say some state actor that wants to end markets not under their control).
Right now it's almost impossible to do without bankrupting yourself, even if you're a state actor.
Price affords security. The end.
@_date: 2018-12-18 10:22:39
As long as they control fiat gateways ... always.
The whole point was/is to never go through fiat since one went bitcoin (store in BTC, spend in BTC)
It gives the chance for taxation to not be policy but rather one more product liable to market forces. If people want more school/hospitals/roads can pay more tax, if the see that their money is being used for blow opt out. Vote with their money.
Most popular / better governments would be more tax rich too because more people would have a cause to declare their tax added transactions. If not (a bad government) it would be let to fall and be replaced w one that balances taxation with a functioning government.
@_date: 2018-12-15 00:12:15
Also a more insecure network.
@_date: 2018-12-03 01:12:34
Do those people have millions of $ per day? Because that is how much money it costs to mine bitcoin at present difficulty/security levels.
@_date: 2018-12-03 20:48:32
Easy to overcome by a monied actor.
@_date: 2018-12-08 12:19:36
USD collapsing would mean entering a multi polar world . It is not about the currency it is about American dominance. Single pole worlds are quite more stable than multi polar ones and historically survived longer.
US only had 70 years in this, they would be  the sole superpower for quite longer than that as a matter of necessity. In history sole superpowers would live at least 2-3 centuries. You are describing an event far bigger than you can comprehend.
There is much greater possibility that US allows Bitcoin's existence against their fiat woes rather than the other way around (a collapse and thus a mass transfer of wealth to Bitcoin is imminent). If you see economy as an extension of world history you'd see that it doesn't act in a vacuum, so a straight USD collapse is most possibly off the tables.
It will probably have a tricky period which is why they need bitcoin around, maybe even use it as a backing . But they are not letting their baby collapse. It isn't happening in our lifetimes, I don't think.
@_date: 2018-12-15 14:10:23
Nerva (XNV) uses a primitive variant of it.
Bitcoin elected to be taken over by dedicated machines because the Bitcoin's creator elected to use SHA256 which is not optimized for a cryptocurrency network.
An optimized hashing algorithm would be adaptive. I.e. target a certain network hashrate and through that targeting would ensure fixed block times.
Say you mine a block in 9 minutes. Bitcoin would make the puzzle harder, but that ensures that an arm's race would start to create an even faster miner.
An adaptive algorithm would instead try to make the mining nodes slower by changing parameters in the nature of the puzzle. It wouldn't do so blindly. It would use an adaptive method. Say each node mines both on the mainet and a testnet (merge mines). 
*Has to* or else the blocks it sends are not accepted. Each hour (I.e. 6 blocks) mainnet's algorithm changes according to what the testnest would indicate. In case that block times are below the 10 minute mark , it elects to choose the slower variant tested on the testnet, if it is higher it chooses the faster variant. 
In other words it either takes away or grants optimization to miners.
You cannot optimize for that, because the instant that you will, you will cause lower block times and the algo which you have optimized would be flagged on the testnet and be replaced (on the mainet) by a slower algo (I.e. one that your machine is not optimized for).
The only way to fool this system, is to to be faster on all possible variants of the algo so that the testnet won't flag you. But in that case you would need to build a faster *general purpose* hardware. If you do build a fast general purpose hardware you'd elect to also sell to the wider world as general purpose computers are useful for all kinds of things. Not just mining, but also the type of computing that the populace does.
In that case you would allow your miners to be able to sell their machines in case of a market implosion. You won't trap them thus causing them to attack (as is the current situation). Also allows for more decentralization as general purpose computers are used by literally everyone. Lastly it will accelerate the evolution of computers as more players would enter the race of faster general purpose computation.
 It is clearly the best solution and IMO the future of PoW, however we are not there yet, thus most PoW networks are vulnerable to what price swings can cause.
@_date: 2019-05-15 07:12:21
April 2013 was part of the same move that lead to Nov 2013. Its correction only lasted for a few weeks and most primary indicators that show a bear market like moving averages were still showing a bull market that is in correction...
April 2013 is basically the leg we had in June 2017 two summers ago. People would call *that* as the peak of last bull market, but clearly it wasn't as it did another 6x from that (as it also did in 2013 BTW, 5x more like)
@_date: 2019-05-12 02:12:53
No, not reasons, inside trading. Basically what happened to many alts that were attacked once their difficulty fell way too much.
I understand that a lot of you do not pay attention to the rest of the space , however alts are the labs of what can or may happen to Bitcoin if  the circumstances become similar.
If it becomes cheap to attack Bitcoin , then yes Bitcoin will be attacked. It's far more probable than folk simply accepting the million dollars worth of opportunity cost that their idle miners produce every minute they remain idle...
@_date: 2018-12-27 23:03:13
I've seen (some of his lectures) and I am still concerned how inspiring people find him.
He makes a logical analysis of most situations (or at least tries to). However his antidote seems so completely devoid of nuance that I fear that once people that were "saved" by him find out about it we'll have a new wave of nihilism which would be worse that before.
In fact he doesn't address nihilism at all. He is secure in his idea that "truth is what is evolutionary correct" which is group selection of the worst kind. True is not what temporarily survives, true is what "continuously survives" (to use his lingo). "Evolutionary correct" is what survives until the age of reproduction, so most definitely not "true".
If the group survives , yet you die in the process there is nothing that you have actually done to "go into a better place". Under Peterson's Christian view you probably go to paradise. However since you are dead all bets are off and all our concepts of after life (including " peace and quietitude", I.e. the secular one) are wholly unconvincing and there is absolutely no guarantee that you have not thrown away your life in the most terrible way even if one follows all of Peterson's rules... because his are not an antidote of any kind. It makes you feel more purposeful but eventually you still grow old, incapable and eventually die.
Whoever figures out that last past is the one who actually did something for "chaos". Everyone before him/her are snake oil salesmen and gurus that IMO do more harm than good....
**Edit:** Another thing that I find annoying is how uncouth his followers are. Every time I post a reasoned response against his ideas I got down voted by people that cannot argue against my motion (I.e. of the chickensh*t kind). I don't even dislike the man that much, corresponded with him once before the lot of you even knew of his existence. But he is merely a man and as with most academics he makes some egregius mistakes. I think some should be pointed out (his idea of truth is suspect at best for example).
@_date: 2018-12-03 05:15:36
They won't mine? It's expensive to mine at an industrial scale. And if you don't mine at such a scale you're open to an attack by some pernicious entity.
@_date: 2019-05-27 14:30:40
They better not return for a long time. Once FOMO buers enter a market we are close to its popping. By the time they enter we are 3-6 months away from a winter... So the longer they stay away and think it is a scam , the better for us who are in the space.
@_date: 2018-12-01 00:17:45
There is efficiency vs world resources. If you build an efficient miner (vs others), you build a more inefficient mining environment (vs world resources), due to the reasons I stated above.
@_date: 2019-05-10 18:09:30
There are 1000 murders in Chicago *because of* guns. What are you talking about? Gun culture provably produces more murders and does not actually defend against real dangers (adversial governments). They are murder tools (I.e do something when the other least expect it) not proper defence.
There is a reason why US has the most murders per capita than any other country in the developed world (like 10x compared to European states, or sth crazy like that)
@_date: 2019-05-27 16:51:54
I was there too, it lost most of what it had gained in a few weeks. But that's how parabolic moves happen. It happened once again in mid 2017, yet nobody called that the end of that bull market. It went to 3000 and in a few days it was back to 1800 (and in those much higher volumes a 40% retrace was even worse than what happened in 2013). Willybot or not SMA 50 daily never dipped below the SMA 200 for any appreciable amount of time. It was part of the same move which started in late 2011 and ended in late 2013...
Bear markets last at least a year, a few weeks, it is a correction. There should be a follow through to call it a bear market. Heck I am not even sure that the last one or the 2014-2015 were true bear markets either. In the monthly charts we never had recent price action dip below more distant (monthly) price action. If Bitcoin was a stock we would be calling the 2010-2019 period a 10-year-long bull market very akin to the 90s in fact...
@_date: 2018-12-15 14:55:53
If bitcoin goes to $500 , there is no way it returns to $900
At $500 its security lowers so far below anything we saw in 2018 and most of 2017 that Bitcoin gets attacked by some idle mining power.
We are talking 60 EH/s of mining power of which 25EH/s are already idling.
At 1/6th of current prices 55 EH/s would be idle and only 5 would be mining. You honestly believe that none of those hundreds of millions represent in 55 EH/s won't be attacking?
It is not as if they can sell their miners to the open market. It is not as if they take the prepaid electricity back. They can as well just use them both to attack+ short bitcoin so that to make hundreds of millions.
People often do not appreciate how dangerous is it for bitcoin's price to go too low. It is what pays for its security. Quite literally. Without security it is like any other sh*tcoin where single entities can overpower all others...
@_date: 2018-12-10 06:45:56
Block size change would make Bitcoin more centralized. Fining the pooling of resources (adjustable block rewards that end to the same number at the end of the day) is hardly the same thing. In this case you are fining centralization. 
If centralization becomes enough of a problem that competing options start gaining traction the community would have to fork awa from the centralizing agency or suffer irrelevancy.
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:27:06
The more bitcoin gets underwater the more businesses are trapped to it. At this point 25 EH/s are trapped to it. Bitcoin elected to use dedicated machines to secure its network meaning that said machines are useless to the open market.
Imagine buying millions $ worth of said machines. What are you going to do with them in a multi year bear? Sell them? They worth almost nothing in the market? Sell them for scrap. You will get 1/50th of their cost.
Do you people honestly never think what happens when Bitcoin prices gets too low? Because if you paid attention to other ASIC mined coins this bear, when their price got too low a very good number of them got attacked. Their difficulty/security was too low so an attack made sense.


Citation needed. I cannot think how a dedicated hardware can be built for an algo that adapts to higher hashrate before changing the puzzles' difficulty. Unless you mean a general purpose computer, but at that point if you built a fast miner for an adaptive PoW then you also built the kind of computer that anyone can use (gen real purpose) and thus will be sold in the open market, thus not trapping miners in a forceful bear market. Thus not causing some of them to attack....
@_date: 2018-12-16 17:58:50
If it keeps dropping security would be so low that the network can well be attacked. In that case your hunch would be reversed, in fact it would be the case that Bitcoin will never be as high as it is now (if it does get attacked).
Those hoping that it will continue falling after Bitcoin having already lost 40% of its hashrate you are playing with fire frankly. Dangerous days ahead, especially if BTC keeps falling.. 
@_date: 2018-12-26 06:21:22
Just a little tidbit for you though:
Alpha, beta. Those things do not exist in nature. Wolf packs for example are families. So the "alpha" in those examples is simply the parent, often a female.
The world is about survival. As long as you do it, good enough. Once you die, you failed. And thus far everybody dies... so, yeah, most of everything and everyone is a bottom feeder from the perspective of future generations.
@_date: 2018-12-09 20:58:22
*in a world where inflationary currencies are widespread. Obviously they would spend a deflationary currency in a world where every currency was/is deflationary as evidenced from the gold standard era.
@_date: 2019-05-10 20:03:29
Cars have mostly useful use cases. Guns are useless, like lead. They only make you more unsafe when you disperse them to fucking idiots.
And don't give me bbbbut they protect me from those idiots. No, you only made them dangerous in the first place because you gave them a murder stick.
Also reread my comments. I said that I fully support for neiborhoods to have their own fucking drones. I am much more serious than you about safety against governments. You are the one throwing your limp dick around. Obviously I am *for* personal defence, I am against the tool you seem to support.
It's useless against govenrments (the Venezuelans would do shit against airstrikes and rail gun strikes, whether they'd have guns or not). I am asking you to join us in the 21st century where a gun is a murder weapon in the hands stupid people, and a limp dick in the hands of responsible people.
Instead of asking for gun rights. You should go out protesting about drone rights, you know the kind of things that can *actually* protect you against predatory governments. How many more idiots do you want to see, totting guns, before realising that they are the weapons of choice of the feeble minded. You need something that is stupid proof. Idiots cannot commandeer drones or any other specialized equipment...
@_date: 2019-05-29 00:05:06
About '19 and '21 too. No way that price reaches those levels that soon. On the long term sure, but the guy made a mistake as he was posing as a time traveler. He charted a straight exponential and gave him the prices above, in fact exponential are waning in nature. They start explosive and fast, then wane some, then some more and eventually (if they do not pop and go to near zero) find their price and stay close to it for decades....
So yeah a pretty sh*tty time traveler, not only he was wrong about his timeline but also about the past we already knew at the time of his posting (exponentials do not stay true and straight).
@_date: 2019-05-10 07:54:17
Guns are literally useless (if you come to actually need them you are prolly will be dead in a few hours at most), the other two are two sides of the same coin and absolutely needed in a functioning society.
**Edit:** I guess I am being down voted by gun people. I am all for personal defence, in the era of drones and magnetic rails, a personal firearm is a limp dick though. IMO each neibourhood should have a drone that is defending it (I am serious), against serious threats. Guns won't do sh*t in the 21st century, get on with the times. So yeah I am against a false sense of security, either people are getting real security, or nothing. BTW that exactly is a proper juridical system, plus Bitcoin/whatever-crypto-eventually-survives. Nuclear weapons in an era that you need nuclear weapons to protect yourself, not limp dicks. I am surprised that there are still people thinking that their toys can protect them. Have you seen a rail gun firing, how about a mini meteorite turning your neihborhood into a crater? Because that is exactly what an adversial government would do to you if you push it enough. You have to meet them w equal force, as IMO Bitcoin is to the banking system, an equal force.
@_date: 2018-12-01 00:38:14
Why though? If sth catastrophic happens to the major exchanges then even your cold storage won't save you. Your coins would be near worthless anywhere (without retail exchanges).
IMO the IRS is looking into coinbase and other american exchanges much more closely. People do not want to be audited so they remove their coins into less ... Reachable places. It makes more sense too , only transfer to exchanges when you are willing to trade. Absolutely no reason to left them there standing, doing nothing.
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:38:04
OK. All I'm saying is don't temp fate (or rather do not wish to be in such a situation)
IMO if Bitcoin's price enters in a slippery slope situation (where multiple attacks happen by different players monthly) I'd wager that even long time supporters would capitulate. 
Some would hold to the end, but IMO they're a minority. In extreme circumstances and in them alone is the real character of people revealed. Would people stand by all the while the pop media is skinning Bitcoin alive (espec if attacks actually start happening)? Or maybe they'd sell, merely so that to get along with the rest of their family (for example). 
The pressure to sell would be unbeliable, it would be worse that Mt Gox, as it will question Bitcoin's fundamentals...
@_date: 2018-12-16 10:50:25


Never said it is not risky. But still it makes more sense to at least try something instead of suffering a multi-yet bear period with no way to pay your already huge liabilities.
Total network hash went from 10 EH/s to 60 EH/s within 2018 alone (as I wrote above) . That's a fresh 50 EH/s that may never make even. At least *some* of them may be tempted to attack.
Also if the network hashrate goes too far down (say 5 EH/s) no collusion is needed. A single of those farm that became operational in 2018 would be enough to make the move.
Lastly you have to keep in mind that in most of those ventures both the equipment and the electricity are prepaid, meanining that it costs *more* for them to let them idle instead of merely pulling an attack. 
I think bitcoin holders should always be cognizant of such a possibility and be prepared about it. We have never seen how Bitcoin can or indeed does react on a real crypto winter. 2014 was not that, Hashrate never fell as significantly as in 2018. 2011 was not that, because while hashrate did fall as much as now it only did for a few weeks, as well as the market was tiny and the liabilities too few for anyone to care to attack the network.
But in this year, in *this* year (2018) , things seem to be for real. Already lost 40% of the hashrate and w people calling prices below $1k, we stand to lose another 50% from ATH hashrate (on top of the 40% we already lost). 
That is possibly catastrophic. Never happened in the history of Bitcoin and in case that it does happen it is possible that we're toast. There is nothing healthy about this graph: 
@_date: 2019-05-11 00:34:00
He is correct through. If you post a valid longer chain than the current one , the network would accept *that* as the cannon.
Of course that is not "a phone call away". It is precisely all the calculations ever used to create the current chain. Of course by the time you have done them the network would be twice ahead from you. So you'd basically need to be quite bigger than  the 50% of the current network and keep at it for several weeks possibly months. Half the network rn is around 25 EH/s or 500000 of the latest ASIC, which they would consume 1TWh/h, 24 TW/h per day, 168 per week, etc.
So the amount of electricity you'd need is insane, the amount of equipment equally so (for a single actor to do so) , Bitcoin is still quite young but I can see quite many states to go bankrupt already if they were to attempt such an attack. The US or Chinese government would be able to get through it though, indeed, but at an insane political (and economic cost). Oh and if Bitcoin's difficulty goes 100x during the following decade (feasible if it reaches 100x the price) then not even states as big as China or the US would be able to pull off such an attack, the costs would be beyond insane something close to the whole GDP of a single giant country or sth insanely stupid like that.
So yeah, the bigger Bitcoin becomes the harder it iS to kill. If they wanted it dead they should had killed it at its infancy. Back in 2011 it was a child's play to pull off a deep reorg that goes as far back as the genesis block. Heck a big company even , like Google, would had been able to do it. It was a relatively easy feat, since then the ship has sailed IMO. Bitcoin can fail in many other aspects, but it won't in this...
@_date: 2018-12-03 01:11:40
Cartels are moving money through a public traceable blockchain?
Are they insane? Pretty much anything else they were to use would be a better choice. With bitcoin a concerted research even 50 years into the future would find their money movements.
@_date: 2018-12-13 14:11:16
It is not about idealism per se, it is about commenting on the current state of affairs. As long as people would be for illegalizing morally neutral actions (the transfer of money) we'd always have bad regulation. It is basically ewhat people choose when they are being duped with money laundering fears.
I am not anti-regulation. I am anti overregulation. And peeping on folk's trades is just stupid. Obviously you are going to arrest people committing fraud (say a security that promises what it knowingly can't deliver) but that is very different that hunting people's trades which are morally neutral and merely a way (said hunt) for bureaucrats to make a quick buck. 
Just because your description is to hunt for frauds doesn't automatically makes you incapable of committing fraud yourself! Peeping on people's finances is easily a net negative on human societies. It is easy to even contact studies that will show that, but of course those studies need to get the proper financing which is always hard if current state of affairs allow for corruption.
@_date: 2018-12-15 18:17:05


Yes, there is an obvious solution. It was on the white paper, "one CPU, one vote".
Whoever achieves that, achieves the point of Cryptos, the real advantage they have over fiat money. Censorless, easy to participate and hopefully (eventually) easy to use.
@_date: 2018-12-15 16:44:31


Sure, however this would not be proof of work anymore, but rather proof of short-term work. In other words one can only participate to the network if he/she communicates his/her version of the blockchain in a timely manner.
However this is a slippery slope. What if the attacker only communicates a bad chain which nullifies the last 6 hours or so. Would you put a checkpoint every hour? What if he attacks every 4 blocks. I.e. he nullified the 4 blocks after each checkpoint. 
Or maybe times the attack in such a way that checkpoints, unless being put in each block, won't do much good?
At that point it would be proof of Checkpoint.
A desperate attacker would *have to* persist BTW. If most of his costs are prepaid and has no other way to regain them. If somehow is personally implicated (it is either this or jailtime for him, or whatever). 
I can see many scenarios where an ex miner attacks the network if it is weak enough. The whole point is that the network never gets to get *that* weak. If however folk like Craig Wright keep (indirectly) attacking it... the price would slide and slide, making an attack a child's play at that point.
@_date: 2018-12-16 18:11:55
Lol, regional markets. Autarky. What is this ? 19th century? It is vexing that religions like autarky on one hand and communism on the other are still en vogue. Granted only uneducated or stupid people can believe that inefficiency is a good thing that we should strive for, but apparently there is a lot of you...
@_date: 2018-12-29 01:03:31
There is absolutely no reason for a global recession to happen doe...  Most importantly because everyone is expecting it. 
Next rececession happens when everyone and his dog has forgotten 2008 and think that "this time is different". In about a decade give or take. This one we survive and use it as a fuel so that we may think (in 10 years time) that " this time is different" (TM).
@_date: 2019-05-09 20:41:36
I don't care about fundamentals. I am/was talking about the market picture. Going against the general trend is suicidal. Obviously the trend will inevitably change at some point but betting when that will happen is a recipe to bankrupt you. Until then we are in a long term bull market (in the monthly chart).
@_date: 2018-12-09 06:44:07
So you have a long term chart that parallels bitcoin's? Because I swear I know of no other asset that has gone through 3 such big pumps and consequently pops, especially at those levels of marketcap. It is aweird asset. Still I would like to see evidence that it parallels the behavior of past assets , it would be very interesting if indeed such evidence exists.
@_date: 2018-12-31 05:19:53
Lol, pretty much everything and anything is called alt right these days.
I mean some of the guy's positions are suspect at best. However using a blanket statement to characterize him (or anyone) is doing a disservice both to him and his (serious) detractors. 
@_date: 2019-05-15 02:25:49
Lol 5x over the last bubble is nothing for BTC. If true it would be its most deflated run and probably a sign that bitcoin slows down majorly.
By comparison it's second bubble topped at $1140 (35x over its last bubble) and the third one at $20k (17.5x) over the previous one.
$100k would be a mere 5x. Previous price action though tells us at least 8.25x. Anything less and bitcoin is basically slowing down. Seriously, that is how crazy Bitcoin has been this far, that a $100k local top to be thought as a serious underperformance...
@_date: 2019-05-29 01:45:22
6 months to be exact. That is how Much bitcoin has before reaching $100k. If it doesn't (and it won't because it does not respect the 4 year cycle that bitcoin follows since its inception) it will show (once more) how silly is it to draw exponentials straight, disregarding their waning nature...
@_date: 2018-12-26 05:05:13
I like him when he is on the defensive. I fear him (or people like him) getting power. He was seriously asking for certain people to get harmed when his speech was cancelled.
He had every right to be angry, however he goes overboard. Him (or people like him) w power would do terrible things even if his intentions are right 98% of the time. 
Guy has serious anger issues and I have no doubt that he'll be kicking Marxists out. Not at first, but eventually? Yeah definitely (or whomever he will suspect as Marxist). 
There is sth off about his temperament .
@_date: 2019-05-17 00:00:30
Yeah, that's very possible. Which is also why I expect a considerable dump in the next few days even.
@_date: 2019-05-27 18:11:53
If you look the log chart it certainly looks like one, a very explosion one too.
@_date: 2017-06-22 21:22:41
You don't know whether I use google or Amazon. And even if I did they are creations of my generation, next generation will change a lot of those too , they're bound to ... It's how history unfolds itself. It's very rarely that things survive (in a social setting) across too many generations.
@_date: 2018-12-15 02:16:29
Soon it won't be. Once you have the majority of sha256 hashpower idling the network would be open to an attack (below the 30 EH/s mark basically)
BTW given the incentive system added security offers increasing returns the more the network develops as it now protects not only from external attackers (whom represent a tiny part of sha256 hashpower) but also from internal ones (disgruntled miners).
Soon it will be at its most vulnerable (below the 2k mark and the accompanied decrease in hashpower that *that* implies).
@_date: 2018-12-15 11:18:47
At this point I think you are purposefully avoiding to understand what I am saying.
First I clearly addressed most if not all your contentions.
The attack would only take place if the network gets weak enough for a single player to attack (I don't think that it makes sense that many will cooperate in that).
Secondly miners already prepay their costs. At least some of them. So it is not as if idling their miners would give them any thing. So no, in that instance not attacking would rack you costs.
Tirdly checkpoints do not work to the point of instilling confidence. The two BCH forks that used them are actually being killed right now. Basically the shenanigans that went on there is exactly what will panic investors. If it causes a month long melt down as it happens in BCH right now be sure to expect that the attacker would become rich after it.
I don't know how the next such attack would fail miserably. Are the devs willing to be putting checkpoints the whole time? Because at that point Bitcoin would be what devs would say what Bitcoin is, not the community.
Also a reorg may not be that contentious. One may reorg it to give preferential treatment to some txs and not others. Would the Devs be putting checkpoints the whole way to Bitcoin's death. Because that is exactly what will happen if the Devs are promising an automated form of trust, which they would then ignore. 
@_date: 2018-12-16 01:11:57
In each one of my posts I wrote how. This is the third time.
Shorting an asset on a derivatives' market is the act of getting a loan of said asset from the market which you immediately sell at market price with the promise that you will return said load + fees to the market from which you got the loan in the first place.
It makes sense to do this on a rapidly falling market as the money that you are going to spend so that to repay your loan would be far less than the ones you initially gained by selling the asset.
Say you sell 1 BTC at $3000 and then you have to return it. But at the time of your repaying of the debt Bitcoin is $1500, so you basically won $1500. Now there is a thing called leverage. Basically multiplying your risk but also your winnings in case that the underlying assert does fall in price.
Now imagine starting mining an alt chain with empty blocks but you are not communicating to the network. And you do it for a week. Once you do communicate (given that it will be a longer chain) it will cause a chain reorganization which depending on how far back your alt chain goes would basically invalidate all the txs in the last week/weeks. Causing chaos to the network and causing people to sell like mad.
It is at that point just before the giant sell orders that you put your leveraged shorts. Millions of worth. 
Which means that you sell at market price dozens of millions worth of BTC and then return it once its market price is almost half or one third due to your attack. Racking you up unbeleiavable amounts of monkey. Which you then proceed to use to further the attacks to the network once you find a new chance.
This causes you to not fill for foreclosure, even become rich in the process. All because of a rapid fall in security of the network / difficulty (and a bit of desperation on your part)....
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:47:56
In my particular opinion the future lies in automation. Custom solutions offers you stupid results. IMO economies and pretty much anything should be regularized. Create a mechanism which is as devoid of human interference as possible.
I am not saying that Bitcoin's particularities are the best (fixed 21 million supply for example). It is possible that a constant yet tiny inflation is better than either no inflation or a lot of inflation. IMO what's great about Bitcoin is that it attempts to automate a lot of tasks that were supposed to be non-automated (emissions schedule, security, etc)
@_date: 2017-06-22 10:22:56
That sounds -frankly- stupid ... old ideas die ... young. The generation being born and raised in an environment where cryptocurrency was/is rife would certainly change things over.
Don't ignore how important cherished memories are to people. Say one used crypto-mining as a teen to have "pocket change" he/she won't forget it if/when he/she comes to power.
Societies are not monoliths , they change abruptly and relatively fast. All you see is (some, relatively weak) resistance of older generations to new(er) ideas. 
I'm not saying that crypto-currencies will take root. All I'm saying is that if they won't it would mostly be because they were not proven as useful in the long run, rather than deliberate obstruction.
@_date: 2018-12-15 23:58:04
Recouping their immense costs. Some of those farms are serious malinvestments that won't break even any time soon. Just in 2018 alone we went from 10 EH/s to 60 EH/s meaning that most of them are new farms and given how 2018 went they never broke even and at this point they are racking up costs (some of them).
If some of them even have personal liabilities (I.e. someone is going to jail due to the costs) we cannot not expect an attack. I fear the hand of some people would be simply forced. I.e. create chaos, and then short the chaos...
@_date: 2018-12-15 03:08:03
The larger the network the more people are trapped (through their investments) in it.
In fact the more people/capital you have in the more the chances that you will get unaligned/disgruntled miners. And if the mining hashrate continuous going down, you endanger them becoming the majority.
BTW an attack to Bitcoin would not show the vulnerabilities of PoW as a whole. Merely the vulnerabilities of Bitcoin's version of PoW (where dedicated hardware and the pooling of resources is a norm).
A PoW network where for example pooling is fined and dedicated hardware gets no speed ups would react very differently to similar forces.
@_date: 2018-12-12 07:20:48
It really doesn't according to this chart though. Last fall never touched previous peak. Not even close in fact and this bear seems overdue for correction, it is probably the wrong time to short as much as it was the wrong time to long this time last year....
@_date: 2019-05-10 11:16:26
Nah, I just never bet on a trend reversal that you seem so eager to do . In markets the way things are going is the way things tend to continue to go. There is nothing prophetic in what I say,  it is merely how natters work. Eventually a "trend reversal" happens but that's the hard part to predict. It is OP that is playing it Nostradamus because he just predicted a trend reversal. That's a good way to wreck yourself. There is absolutely no reason thus far to believe that alts are going to 0, there is every reason to believe that people are fomoing back to BTC in cyclical motion and cycles do is that they eventually go where they used to be (I.e. people fomoing back to alts again).
Now, again, the above action will break. But we are no position to call it because of a few days of fomo. Give me a few years of Fomo to BTC (against the alts) and I'd believe you, the guy above just predicted a major change in the way this market works because of a few days. He is the one playing it Nostradamus.
@_date: 2019-05-10 19:08:36
Yeah, believing that only bitcoin will survive and everything else goes to zero means you have not paid attention to any market at all ever.
Even if what you say is fundamentally correct (only Bitcoin has the chops to be useful) it wouldn't matter. Penny stocks are completely useless stocks that are now thriving in fact. People like to gamble way more than invest. Even if Bitcoin remains the only one with true valuation the rest will sort of be there for gamblers to gamble... We'll get way more "alt seasons"....
@_date: 2018-12-04 01:43:02
Digg was mostly dead by then. The great migration happened earlier that year. Soon after reddit exploded. I remember , I had lost my reddit login and created a new one using my digg username as I was sure that I was not gonna use it anymore (and indeed never returned to digg since)... That happened mid 2010 I think...
@_date: 2019-05-09 16:47:28
Obviously most of the comments here would be silly. But in all seriousness in the monthly it never ended. It's in a continuous bull market ever since it started being traded and only a fool would bet against the long term trend (those thinking it will go to 0).
Seriously look at this: 
Lines do not cross, meaning that recent months' price action is always better that the cumulative price action of less recent ones. Ever since those lines got established, one by one, they never crossed, like ever. Having a continuously improving price performance is one of the best definitions of a bull market. Such markets make millionaires when one invests in them for the long term.
Not to say that the trend won't reverse, inevitably it will at some point, but for the last 10 years it didn't meaning that macro-economically speaking (looking at this market as a whole) we are in a bull market still, no matter how you cut it... and we never left it
@_date: 2018-12-17 21:58:33
I don't mind rattling the status quo. It is why I support things like Bitcoin.
However 19th CE style of nationalism is not rattling the status quo. It *is* the status quo of another era. For better or worse that era brought us WW I.
I am with you , let us make a uturn. I just do not get the fixation with 19th ce politics. Can't you people be more innovative. It is not as if it was that great of an era...
@_date: 2018-12-08 14:50:21
Sure , but a trend was starting to form. Each rise was smaller than the last and hopefully each crash would be too. However this crash shapes up to be at least as big as 2015's despite the lack of such a grievous reason as in 2014, or the fact that only rose 120x this time around (instead of 600x in the last one).
I just cannot see this as a good. (If we indeed post an equal or greater fall than in 2014-2015)
@_date: 2018-12-09 19:36:20
This is a log chart. It is what people use for speculative assets with high volatility. It's been around for years. It is more accurate than a linear graph.
Last year or so BTC iOS falling even in the log graph though. Dunno where you think that you saw that it is rising...
@_date: 2018-12-09 06:54:46
I very much believed that 2-3 years ago. However latest bull showed me that most of any other coin simply does not care. Very few make changes in the fundamentals. Some even remove the value proposition of Bitcoin altogether (either limited supply or secure transactions). So it's not as if the rest even try to compete... Most seem like a bad copy that "does not get it".
So, no, as long as the opposite attempts are so weak Bitcoin would be king. Now if someone comes with an even more decentralized medium than Bitcoin which balances the power between the different parties that gives it value then yeah, we may have a contended. Right now, we don't , most move to PoS for goodness sake. If this is not an admission of defeat, I don't know what else is.
@_date: 2018-12-10 06:47:48
Yeah that was my claim too.
Eventually people would start demanding being paid in good money and then all hell would break loose (it would be easier to hire someone in a business that pays in a deflationary asset than one that gives away bad money...)
@_date: 2019-05-10 23:54:45
I do not believe in gun control, I believe in gun obsolescence. They are the weapons of the feeble minded and they would certainly not protect anyone against states (your own or a foreign one). I believe that neighborhoods should be armed as a whole instead of individuals, that way you avoid much of the individual criminality all the while (also) avoiding dangers from external factors.
It is police's duty to ... police infighting, but it is the neighborhood's responsibility to defend against state actors (right now they are completely naked to what may be proven their ultimate destruction).
BTW US has 5-10 times the death rate of other states as far as firearm deaths go 
Knife death pale in comparison and/or pretty much any other form of death caused by a weapon. Yet *still* are naked against a state actor 
My point is that the founding fathers supported the populace's capacity for self defense. Back then it was muskets. These days it is drones and defense machinery. The whole gun debate in US is so fake. The only one who does not feel threatened by it is the governing bodies. The point of an armed populace is for those in power to always be at their heels. Nobody higher up actually cares about toys as long as they have air dominance, naval dominance. In short , if they decide to turn you into ash one day they can all because we look at the tree and miss the forest.
The point is not whether guns should or should not be allowed. The real question is whether a population should be able to defend itself against dictator or similar. And the answer is already given by gun enthusiasts no less: no!
As long as I am at the mercy of powers much greater than I, I do not feel in power. I do not see the point to have a gun if at the press of a button I can become ash. Is it so wrong to want to be in control of the *actual* defense that will protect me? An "iron dome" that will protect me from flying objects, drones that will police the place. Anything really that may neutralize the threat before even reaching me?
Guns hold no water in an era where weapons have far surpassed the damage that a gun can do. It's not my fellow citizens that keep me awake at night, criminality is not that high to concern me , it is the fact that even in principle some guy with a big hat can decide that I should not exist without ever having a chance to respond. The mere capacity that is given to those people is in direct contrast to what the founding fathers intended.
The debate was never about guns, it was about self defense and guns do not offer self defense against real threats... Back when it was the right to bear arms made sense. It now should be amended and allow for the right to utilize anti-air artillery and drone protection...
@_date: 2019-05-16 17:44:04
Every time you hear "this time is different" you basically know not only that it is coming but also when ("it is near").
Human nature has been the same for ever ... basically. So no, you got a pump thus a dump is coming. When? Basically when you start hearing people telling you "this time is different". It's not , you blew it...
@_date: 2018-12-01 00:15:49
If you mine a form of adaptive pow (constantly changing the nature of the puzzle, albeit slightly each time), then you don't need a special hardware. In fact the chip on your phone (and the phones of 5billion people's) is uniquely and efficiently adapted to this exact type of work.
Point is that ads won't be needed to have a site survive, merely computing power. So if your website is popular enough it would be enough to sustain and probably expand it. Sure ads would still exist, but they won't need to be ultra efficient (I.e. stealing people's privacy) and in so far that they are people would be able to choose an alternative that does not include them. At this point in history they can't because the ad revenue model is by far the most dominant on the web. The subscription model doesn't do too well. Adding a 3rd more capable player in the race would both make mining more efficient and allow for a more humane web.
That and space heaters are IMO the two best uses for minining hardware that wants to remain efficient. I.e. reuse their energy for in secondary ways besides mining.
@_date: 2018-12-15 03:03:48
Bitcoin maxed at 60 EH/s hashrate.
Below 25-30 EH/s of mining prowess it would be the first time in its history where there is more idling hashing power than mining power. From that point onwards attacking the network starts to become more and more profitable for certain players. IMO from 10 EH/s and below an attack is almost to be expected. At that point you have 5 in 6 miners idling. Just one (of those "5" idling) to attack would be enough to be binging chaos to the network.
BTW mining a hidden chain and then suddenly communicating it is not a minor attacks. You can revert a week's worth of transactions, or !maybe more. Bitcoin would lose its legitimacy as a secure medium for transactions.
@_date: 2019-05-31 23:27:55
Maybe he owns a quantum computer. You can't know that stuff...
@_date: 2018-12-15 00:14:21
40% and counting: 
If/when it breaks 3k expect another leg down.
@_date: 2018-12-15 21:40:02
In this instance it is a solution as well. It removes the underlying reason for this whole mess (i.e. being trapped within Bitcoin's bear with no way out).
There is not much point in developing anything else at this point. If your fundamentals are not right, nothing else can ever be right.
@_date: 2019-05-01 07:08:37
I mean if you live in the US, you basically vote those retarted laws. Why not write to your senator or plain start some FB campaign or another showing that very fact. I.e. that taxing revenues is theft, not taxing , aimed to silence monetary choice to people. Protest those laws, I know plenty European states that taxation laws are heavily protested and often redacted for that reason.
@_date: 2018-12-01 03:01:38
It's not an assumption. It is the title. Coindesk is wrong. This will not cause energy efficient mining. It will cause a less energy efficient mining environment through the introduction of an energy efficient miner.
That should be more careful with their assumptions (which exist right there in the title). People may think that mining is getting more efficient, whilst actually is getting more inefficient as time goes by.
Re-read my post, it is a timely comment given the energy concerns major publication have about bitcoin energy consumption.
@_date: 2018-12-09 19:43:42
That 10 year year old experiment is well within the purview of the thousands of years of (money's) history. It does not have to be something apart.
It solves some outstanding problems with the extant situation and keep features that work.
@_date: 2019-05-29 05:37:44
Yah, only 400 years of market action by my side ... Too soon, I should wait another 600 to reach my conclusions... There is no way in hell that bitcoin reaches 100k in 2019, in fact I would be surprised if it matches its last highs, that is not how markets move. The FOMO crowd is dead, institutions are here ofc , but they take precautions, they don't want the price to rocket too soon, it will seriously undermine their bottom line (and their willingness to accumulate).
@_date: 2019-05-29 17:07:10
I have post graduate training in math, so no. Probably English may want some word with me because I am not translating my words well enough, but I expect my meaning to went through anyway...
@_date: 2018-12-15 16:29:11
If bitcoin gets attacked it would be far lower than that. 
It worries me how little knowledgable are people about the one thing that they Invest in.
Bitcoin just lost 40% of its hashrate that's a major warning sign. It didn't happen in 2014. Meaning that we are in a worse shape than then. If it loses another half from here we're in a danger zone.
@_date: 2018-12-03 23:10:53
Loses out on fees and loses out on electricity. Which is nothing if the difficulty of the network is only conserved by a few home computers (I.e. industrial mining is out).
It's easy to attack a network that is operated by a few thousand miners. A few million and you keep a sustained attack to it. Which is a lot fewer money than actually uncovering dark web operations. Simply disrupting them would be enough.
IMO Bitcoin should get out of said dark web business. Not only people there are not safe (Bitcoin is very traceable) it keeps it from getting actual uses (being a hedge against debt fuelled economies for one).
@_date: 2018-12-17 21:55:29
Lol, virtual internet point among anonymous users. It is all very silly.
Naaah I am only here for the convo. Never understood the point of anything else...
Good luck
@_date: 2018-12-15 16:27:08
Idle hashrate is nearing the amount of mining hashrate. Soon it will be cheaper for some to attack rather than protect the network.
In 2014 we never reached close to that. We only did in 2011, however back then attacking the network was not too profitable (not many financial products to take advantage of the attack).
@_date: 2018-12-15 02:11:28
Show me an example of a minable asset that is more expensive to mine than to short.
I have no example because we are not there yet. Once we go below 25-30 EH/s the pain starts.
BTW it is simple economics. Miners follow profits they are not charities. Meaning they will short+attack if the network does not produce any profits anymore
@_date: 2019-05-10 17:55:46
I have no idea what money bro means. Probably some phrase you invented on the spot, I would like a definition.
As for the rest it is literally what bitcoin did the last 8 years or so. Gained valuation from alts and then giving it back. 
I think nothing about altcoins, I am not discussing fundamentals here I am discussing what the market did 'till now and what will most probably do from now on *until* the trend changes.
Do you want to call a trend change? Be my guest, I am just telling you that you are the one who makes the bold prediction ...
@_date: 2019-05-15 14:00:08
It is already slowing down (2nd bubble was 35x over the first one, 3rd one was 17.5x over the second one, 4th one should be 8-8.5x over the last one).
I meant to say slow down way faster than it seems willing to do. BTW an 10x increase over its last peak would only put at 4 trillion. Which is less than half of Gold's capitalization.... 
It's already slowing down, and the way it goes it will have trouble catching up with gold. However if it slows down as fast as some people expect then it would have trouble to becoming anything relevant at all. People forget that BTC's current capitalization is imperceptible still and won't make much noise if it stays as small (not saying that it won't, bit expecting it to slow down significantly already is pretty much expecting it to stay relatively small)../
@_date: 2019-05-25 16:47:58
IIRC nothing, coinbase paid them in BCH and that was the end of it. Didn't follow those events too closely though 'cause I rarely if ever keep funds on exchanges for no reason (only move them there for actually trading them, only keep an imperceptible amount there). So maybe you are better off replying to someone else (on that front), too
(I assume you are talking about the BCH-BTC split and coinbase refusing to give back the BCH it netted for a time)
@_date: 2018-12-15 17:40:32
I disagree that miners are ideologues. My understanding of them is that they are common businesses that will knife bitcoin the first it becomes profitable for them to do so.
Bitcoin's best way to protect itself is to never give the miners the chance to show how "loyal" are they. Bitcoin supporters may be surprised by the number of turn coats in that community (the mining community).
