@_author: stewartdouglas
@_date: 2014-11-26 13:06:30
I'm glad Kraken are the guys doing this. They seem very professional and technically capable. It would be interesting to know what discussions they had internally: this will obviously be quite a lot of work for them, but in return they'll generate additional sign ups in the form of MtGox creditors. The main benefit for them though will surely be the positive publicity this generates. Regardless, best of luck to them. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:49:20
Hey Plesk8, thank you for signing up. We’ve got your email address now and I will be reaching out to you shortly over email. While we very much hope you’ll become our client, there is no TradeMore specific login or dashboard for you to view. The next step will be for us to agree on the various loan characteristics you are most comfortable with. If you are a borrower and you would like to borrow through Coinfloor, we will ask you to set up an account with Coinfloor. You’ll be able to use their online dashboard, their desktop client or their API to make your trades. If you are a lender we will establish how much you want to lend and for how long. Looking forward to discussing your specific use case over email. I can always be reached at stewart
@_date: 2014-10-29 17:27:11
Hi Reddit! We are TradeMore, a digital currency lending platform. You can read more about us at [
For lenders and savers, we allow you to earn a fixed return on your bitcoin holdings. For borrowers, we allow you to borrow bitcoin on Coinfloor. This gives you access to the Pound Sterling market. Our release also coincides with Coinfloor expansion into USD, EUR and PLN markets, as well as a reduction in their trading fees. We also allow access to other exchanges; let us know if you’re interested.
We would love to hear your feedback on our business and where you would like to see us move to next. If you would like to lend or borrow bitcoin, please sign-up or drop us an email. Thank you for your time!
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:57:45
In the event of borrower default, TradeMore will step in and act as the lender’s counterparty, using our own funds to repay the principal of the loan and any outstanding interest. Consequently, we are very careful in vetting our borrowers and take risk management very seriously. The particulars of our obligations to lenders are laid out clearly in the contracts we co-sign with them. 
@_date: 2014-10-30 10:10:00
Hi elan96, apologies for the delay in getting back to you. I hope these responses answer your questions:
One) This varies by exchange, but on Coinfloor it is achieved by creating special trading accounts for borrowers. In these accounts, the Bitcoin withdrawal address belongs to TradeMore and cannot be changed by the borrower. So we act as gatekeepers to the account and any withdrawals must go through us. 
Two) This is essentially correct, but our stop-loss logic is designed to pre-emptively stop any borrower going in to the red. Also, I don't think TradeMore or any of our borrowers take the idea of bankruptcy lightly. It comes with a significant reputational cost both formal (you cannot be a company director for 1 year) and informal, as well as financial (credit scores take a hit). 
Three) The bitcoin will typically be held in cold storage making any attempt at hacking prohibitively difficult. Because the borrower cannot simply withdraw funds they cannot use an 'I got hacked' excuse. TradeMore can see the borrower's balance and constantly monitors it. 
Four) This might be specific to London, but most of the traders we have met are working out of incorporated companies. This works well for us because it means the regulation for us is less burdensome. It also serves as an additional screening mechanism, helping us ensure we only have high quality borrowers. We would like to accept individuals in future, but I can't give you a timeline right now. 
If you want me to dive into greater detail on any of the above points just let me know. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:34:04
We're not hiring for customer service at the moment, but if you're based in London and interested in working in digital currencies in the future please get in touch: stewart
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:48:23
Sure. Suppose a new borrower approaches us looking to use our service. Our contracts are written between our company, TradeMore, and that of our borrower. So in order to do business with us our borrower must be incorporated. We ask to see various documentation pertaining to their company, including their incorporation documents and a list of the beneficial owners. For each beneficial owner we use a third party to do a background check, including confirming their identity and address and any history they have as a company director. Only when we are happy that the individuals running the company are credible will we look to do business with them. This KYC, AML and corporate due diligence is to protect our lenders but also our own business. If the borrower wishes to borrow through Coinfloor they will have to register with the exchange, and Coinfloor have their own policies on accepting customers which I know are professional and rigorous. 
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:32:59
We are quite different from BTCJam. My understanding of BTCJam (and anyone who knows better, please jump in) is that they are a peer-to-peer lending platform, where the borrower can be pretty much anyone with a bitcoin address and an account. Credit risk is controlled by a reputation system. From speaking to people who have lent on BTCJam I know that there are some loans for which the borrower simply disappears and doesn’t repay; with other loans, they are upstanding citizens and repay on time. With BTCJam, you are sending your bitcoin directly to another peer’s bitcoin wallet. The way I see it, when you lend on BTCJam you are predominantly lending to individuals/consumers. This is not what happens when you lend with TradeMore. 
When you lend on TradeMore, your bitcoin are held by us or by bitcoin exchanges. These exchanges, such as Coinfloor, use cold storage to protect against theft. The funds are used by borrowers on the exchanges to manage their bitcoin positions. For example, they may want to hedge existing long positions. The borrowers are companies, usually run by financial professionals. These borrowers have been carefully vetted by us, and represent a significantly lower credit risk than borrowers on BTCJam. I think that BTCJam has done a remarkably good job of growing their business in a very risky area. However, if you want less risk I suggest you try TradeMore.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:01:54
I've not checked the other accounts, but I've been using this account for months - you can see my older posts in my profile.
@_date: 2014-08-20 01:42:57
Bravo. Looks great. Thanks for sharing.
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:42:06
Hi kiisfm. The last thing we want to do is interfere with anyone's sleep patterns. That's why our stop-loss code runs throughout the day and night, and will protect the value of your funds if the price of BTC moves against any of our borrowers. Our borrowers are carefully vetted, and the BTC funds that you do lend are held in cold storage. If there are any specific concerns you have, we would love to hear them.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:32:12
Thank you! We're based in London. If anyone here lives in or around London and wants to meetup and discuss our business or bitcoin in general, please do get in touch.
@_date: 2014-10-29 19:22:24
Good point. MintPal have faced a number of technical and operational challenges, but I'm assuming you're referring to the apparent theft of a large number of bitcoin. I have never been a MintPal customer, so can't comment specifically on how they dealt with their clients, but I suspect we will be implementing a number of policies which they did not. We will sign contracts with each of our clients clearly outlining our responsibilities. These have been written in consultation with our lawyers. In the case of lenders, this contract will specify our responsibility to always return funds to you in a timely manner. If a dispute arises, Coinfloor has kindly offered to act an arbitrator. We have professional reputations to protect and always approach interactions with out clients with the outmost integrity and professionalism. We would be happy to refer you to existing clients, or others in the London bitcoin community, if you would like to gather additional opinions.
@_date: 2014-08-20 01:58:52
I think your information about Counterparty is inaccurate. I believe Counterparty information is encoded in the second public key in multiple one-of-two multisig outputs, rather than using OP_RETURN. This is because the amount of information which can be stored using OP_RETURN was reduced from 80 bytes to 40 bytes. I'll create a pull request if I have the time.