@_author: stiancarlsen
@_date: 2018-08-21 18:27:38
I think people confuse the immutability of the blockchain created by the system with a perceived immutability of the system itself.
The system itself isn't at all immutable. Its minute but continuous change is even documented on github.
@_date: 2018-08-21 16:39:24
The entire point of my initial comment was that scarcity alone does not create value.
You responded by stating that less scarce metals like aluminium and copper have equally valuable physical properties to gold, and that that invalidates the premise of my initial point.
I'm not really sure how you expect me to interpret that in any other way than that you think scarcity alone creates value.
@_date: 2018-08-21 16:20:43
The first part of what you said is exactly right. Aluminium and copper also have secondary use cases and utility value, but since they are way less scarce than gold, gold has a much higher exchange value.
But I don't see how that invalidates my conclusion that scarcity alone does not create exchange value, which is also what the Bitcoin Wiki has said since 2010.
@_date: 2018-08-21 14:28:44
On the other side, gold has physical properties that make it inherently sought-after by people who want to use it for other things than a store of value.
* It looks nice and shiny, and is easy to mold, which makes it very suitable for jewellery
* It has the lowest electrical resistance of any non-corrosive metal, which makes it the most suitable material for high-speed, small-size electronic components like microchips and CPUs, and even more dominant in the growing demand for superconductors
* It does not erode, which further increases the suitability for jewellery, is necessary for use in electronics, and a popular material for a number of other applications like plating on top of other metals, flaking on intricate pieces of art, and as part of a multitude of alloys for a number of different use cases
Bitcoin has none of these properties, and to a lot of people, these physical properties and secondary use cases are what give gold the actual value people can store in it.
Even the [Bitcoin Wiki]( admits that scarcity itself is not sufficient to achieve value:


Scarcity is a necessary precursor, but only in combination with utility does it create exchange value. To destroy utility in the pursuit of scarcity is therefore an exercise in futility, and will actually destroy value in the process, and by extension the ability to be a Store of Value.