@_author: stijnsanders
@_date: 2012-07-05 19:07:05
To confirm the IP is from Spain:
looks like just another Spain ISP, IP could be someone or a bot or proxy...
@_date: 2012-04-30 20:14:45
hmm the TOS link on the register form is bust, but this works:  and I don't like what's there.
@_date: 2012-04-29 19:46:38
Just in case you've just read this and are actually this thick you think I will return your bitcoin with interest after a set term:
@_date: 2012-07-05 19:17:59
Just an idea, but in a 'moving to a new computer'-scenario, would it be a good idea to create a tiny virtual image (with VMWare, VirtualPC, QEMU, Xen...) with a bitcoin client, wire the funds there, and transfer this image to the new computer, and then wire it to the final bitcoin client?
@_date: 2013-03-29 20:27:17
For 0.5BTC I'm willing to transcribe to English: 1MjFAZQmYes2MzyXPJ1BLtqqh2jcwmM1My
@_date: 2013-03-30 13:59:08
no-one? oh whatever, I've made the transcription/translation anyway, enjoy.
Next up: Bitcoins. I honestly admit, I never heard about them before. Bitcoin is a digital currency, let's say virtual internet-money, and it is turning out a pretty profit.
Normally you would say this is nothing for us, only for the in-crowd, but the lasting crisis in Europa makes people turn around.
(by Willem Van Mullem:)
- A known view from last week: long lines of Cyrpiots desperately seeking to withdraw money. To avoid this and possible runs on the bank, the internet may provide an alternative: Bitcoin.
[bit of bitcoin animation]
Bitcoin is best compared to a Euro coin, if I give you this coin, it's with you, it's yours. I could just as well give you a digital Euro, or Bitcoin, that's a code I transfer to you, then it's with you and it's yours.
- The Bitcoins are released as reward by deciphering complicated computer-systems, not something for dummies. Those that do, sell these codes and the online market does the rest.
There's a limit of around 21 million Bitcoins, and then it stops at some point. You know there's a scarcity, that there's a maximum amount in existance. If people keep buying Bitcoin, the value with increase.
- This is shown in the numbers. The worries about Cyrpus and the instability of the market cause an increase in the interest in Butcoin, thus the value is rising. One Bitcoin, today, is worth 70 Euro.
[Here we can buy something?]
Yes, this is a Bitcoin-cap, but it could be anything. Costs 25 dollar; here on top we can switch currency; we select B-T-C: Bitcoin; and then we see the price changes into 0.2834 Bitcoin. This nice cap is almost underway to you. *grin*
- No banks, means no transaction-fees, means no danger of hard-earned savings getting frozen. But there's more.
It's a good investment, but it's also - this is the general idea - a good way to perform international payment, directly, no time wasted, without anybody charging commisions. It's a handy way to pay internationally.
- The concept of Bitcoin and the digital market place is also criticized. The anonymity of the system is an enabler to the purchase of narcotics and illigal fire-arms, and what if tomorrow everybody wants to sell their Bitcoins?
Then the price will collapse, and you lose your investment. In case of, let's say, 'classic' money you need to trust the national bank or a group of banks that is mandated with the management of the money. Here you don't need to trust anyone, it's the market at play.
- We called internet specialist Jo Caudron to the desk. First off: how long do Bitcoins exist and where does it come from?
The exist since 2009, and actually nobody really knows where they were come from. There's a man behind it with a Japanese name, but there's a suspicion it could be a group of developers, that's a bit of a mystery. The underlying idea is from the nineties, with the first use of encryption in communication on the internet, and the idea grew to transfer encrypted money to eachother. So about 15 years as an idea, and 4 to 5 years in practice.
- Now we here virtual money is slowly getting worth very much.
Yes. The idea of virtual money exists elsewhere as well. Facebook has credits, Amazon has coins, you see more and more there's a search in the virtual world for ways for people to easily perform payments. Bitcoins are something special, as stated in the clip, there's a limited amount of Bitcoins, based on a peer-to-peer scenario where people directly exchange money without intermediaries. It looks like a coincidence now, perhaps the crisis plays a role, a valid alternative to look at money where countries and banks play a central role.
- Intermediaries out of the picture, unforeseen events that can happen, but if you really want to apply it, for example now with Cyprus, the system will need a lot of adapting, I suppose?
The Bitcoin system? It's easy, it you use the internet, to set it up, you can create an account. It's ready for use. There are a few strange issues, how Bitcoins are created involves a story by itself, related with 'mining', how to get to those 21 milion. But if you don't want that, you can add money. There are companies that allow this, and you get Bitcoin in return. And the, in fact, you detach from your own money system, your currency, be it Euro's or dollars, you're detached and you can do transactions with the others.
- Do you know a lot of people or companies that work with it?
No it's still marginal. The reason why it's in the limelight now, is the sudden attention because of the economic situation in Cyrpus and also a momentum where for a while the whole was worth one billion due to the rise of the exchange rate because of the economic situation and drew a lot of attention. I personally don't think the Cypriots will start using this system massively, but in the long run it's an indicator that something may change.
- That it could offer an other alternative. A problem is it could be ideal for folk with malicious intent.
It's like hard cash. It's like with real money. And only remotely. Normally you would exchange bits if cash when you're toghether. 
Now you can do it digitally, anonymous, discrete, completely secured, nobody can get in. It's safer than financial transactions, with for instance 'e-bank'. Nobody can hack it. There's no trace of the flow of money. And you can, instantly, transfer fonds to someone in China, or even North-Korea.
- Narcotics, arms, terrorism via Bitcoin?
This is the current issue. We need to pay attention. It could get used to finance terrorists. We need to keep an eye out. Thing is, there's no way to deal with it; there's no central organization; it's with all the users. decentralized.
- A fascinating tender at the moment, but perhaps with a future. Thank you for your clarification.