@_author: stillshadow
@_date: 2018-10-26 16:57:14
Fair enough, I can see your point. I can't stand banks any more than the rest of us, but I feel okay with using them for their original purpose: a physical safeguard for valuables.
Sure, the bank *could* be the robber, but you could say the same thing for Swiss bunkers holding cold storage for billionaires. That's all technically a third party.
Banks also don't keep copies of deposit box keys, as far as I know. If you lose your keys, they have to drill it open at your expense. Banks also are required to give you privacy when you're filling your box, so they have no idea you've got a wallet seed in there.
There's a level of risk in that, but I think it's less of a risk than the alternative, which would be keeping your seed in your home or in your brain alone? Your home could burn down. If you're going by memory, what happens if you're in a car accident or get Alzheimer's?
@_date: 2018-10-25 16:54:28
Thanks - appreciate the feedback. Not necessarily disagreeing, but I'm curious what's facepalm-worthy about it? Maybe I'm totally missing something.
I don't think it's a bad idea, personally. It's somewhere offsite to prevent damage from flooding or fires as well as theft. It's also usually only $20-40 annually to rent a small safety deposit box out. Use the banks for their vaults. That's about the only thing they're useful for.
The only downside I can think of would be a bank robber targeting the vault, which sounds ridiculous, but I have read about it happening occasionally.
@_date: 2018-10-25 02:52:01
Iris scanning for Bitcoin wallets? Sounds great, but I don't think the infrastructure is there to support that yet. I don't think the majority of current phone cameras or webcams can even support that? If they did one day, and you had some wallets that supported it, sounds like a good idea.
Current mobile wallets do use biometrics in the form of fingerprint unlocks. I've used Copay on iOS, which can.
Those security measures are great for preventing those with physical access from getting into your wallet, but the problem is that most thieves will either intercept your backup phrase, send them Bitcoin, or drain your online wallet/exchange. Biometrics can't help with that.