@_author: stimzz
@_date: 2015-12-27 12:04:10
I am not sure how that data is generated but I would assume it is backed out by taking the actual time vs what it should have been. I.e. this is a circle argument.
Given a "difficulty factor" you know how many calculations are needed on average. Hence the "global hash rate" = the average number of calculations needed / time it took. The alarm was generated because actual time was half of target time. I.e. the graph will show 2x the hashing power.
@_date: 2015-07-04 14:39:55
What was trying to explain is that most of Greek's original creditors were other European banks (mostly french and german). IMF should probably never have agreed to making the loans and there has been a lot of critic that it was pushed through by Dominic Strauss Kahn who was aiming for the french presidency and has after that been involved in several rape and hooker allegations. I.e. the Troika made the loans to Greece to prevent too big to fail institutions from getting into serious trouble. 
Please remember though that this was first done in a time of great financial instability and no one could say for sure what would have happened to the euro, remaning pigs countries and the european financial system. 
Most understood that there is no way in hell Greece will be able to pay back its debt. They were actually running at a fiscal surplus end of last year before debt payments.
So yes you are correct in that most of the money lent to Greece by the Troika has gone to paying of the original creditors (banks) but what else are you advocating? That they spend the money on party ballons and picnics instead? That is what they have been doing for the last few decades which is why they have the debt. 
It is sure as hell not easy to be Greek right now and yes other countries and banks have profited in different ways from their consumption. Having that said it is mostly the current youth that was screwed over by the older generations that voted for unresponsible politicians and the broad culture of not paying taxes. 
Here is a really great summary I saw in another thread:
