@_author: stinkyhotdoghead
@_date: 2019-07-17 11:00:54
I like to think there's one rich whale who lurks who manipulates the market to match memes sometimes.
@_date: 2019-07-20 12:43:53
Jesus why are you paying someone on YouTube money? 
Of course that's a scam. 
If you still have $200 to throw away, if you send me $200 of BTC I'll send back $5000 in BTC.
@_date: 2019-03-30 11:18:15
! 
@_date: 2019-03-07 16:37:52
Very true. I hear all the time about "educated people" this or that and "person 'A' is in power because uneducated people voted" when I've heard some of the most idiotic bullshit come from the mouths of PhDs/college professors.
You may have completed your masters in the mechanics of astrology.... But that doesn't make you smart, it makes you leader of the asshats. 
@_date: 2019-03-11 01:40:55
This conversation is great! 
Respectful, just trying to understand each other's points, and both obviously into history and government. Reminds me of my days at a small liberal arts lcollege in the heartland of Virginia. On Friday and Saturday nights we'd all have parties at dorms, girls would be over, booze... And things.... flowing, and you'd find people on decks, railings, etc right outside mostly all smoking cigs but engaging in discussions like this. People would drunkenly join in sometimes. People from elsewhere would come out and watch just because..... I mean that's kinda strange in a setting such as that but the setting itself was strange. Anywho.
I ramble. But it takes me back!
Never studied Jackson like I've wanted to. Got deeply interested in 2011 in a class that was basically 1800 to 1900, skipping the war, briefly reconstruction. All the developments going on around the 1810s to 1840s was America in the throes of the Industrial Revolution. A ton of things were going on everywhere and there was a ton of change. Pretty crazy shit. My knowledge isn't deep though.
Your perspective is valid and I would agree but I'd like to float a possibility. There may be evidence against this but I would say perhaps there's evidence that he disliked the BUS (both) and maybe had disdain for central banking entirely. Or maybe evidence isn't necessary. If he held those views maybe rumor got around and the BUS did what it could that wasn't illegal or overt and acted like special interests do today. I don't see him being as bitter and obsessed with killing the bank to the day he died as he was just because of campaignin opposition. 
The points he makes are valid and his rabid opposition to them can be explained by him seeing the power they did have in the election and what that could hold in the future. 
 
Maybe not. Just sayin. 
@_date: 2019-03-30 01:40:43
And what the "meaning of 'is' is". 
@_date: 2019-03-08 06:07:22
Sorry for the incoming novel. Tldr; the "educated" people I know exhibit more traits of idiocy and asshattery than the "uneducated" people I know because they've all been told what to think and not how to critically think. If someone they've been told to trust says something, they follow that without question even if it makes no sense on a basic or historic level. Most of them just read headlines, they don't look at raw data/methods of studies on topics but rather just accept studies based on two sentences they read about them, and they're the first to start name-calling and the first to just shut down discourse when anyone tries to disagree with them. "Scholars" in their fields also fall victim to groupthink, logical fallacies, and many seem to live in ideological bubbles or echo chambers. 
True but I've had "educated people in their field"... Like profs back in college... Say all kinds of bs. I called several of them out in class. Had an econ prof go on and on about all this Keynesian bull like how national debt isn't debt because you're borrowing from yourself.... And how fiat is awesome because you can just print it. I hit her with Hayek's problem of knowledge, basic layman's stuff about inflation/deflation (not ALL deflation is 'bad', goddammit!), and basic "Econ 101" mechanisms of market clearing price and what fucks with them (I hate the term 'equilibrium'). She couldn't debate anything. This woman had her doctorate in economics. She was born, raised, and educated in communist China so I understand her points but she was fed bullshit and then spouted bullshit.
I think I heard a programmer once say, "Bad input, bad output." You code software to execute a program. That program can be useless or wrong but the software will execute it nonetheless. The programmer's biases are also put into the code (social media algorithms are a good example). The same applies to people in certain regards.
I also had two very esteemed professors who I respect greatly to this day who I also called out. One class was freshmen year learning about Hobbes' state of nature and another class was senior year and one of our class discussions went towards this topic.
In both instances they argued Hobbes' point and pushed on all the students that anarchy breeds death and chaos and that ANY form of govt including dictatorial monarchies are better than none. This whole idea is based off of Hobbes' a-priori reasoning that can have holes poked through it like an ice pick to notebook paper. Virtually all human history negates Hobbes' state of nature conclusions. 
That was 2008-2012....nowadays, profs are telling kids that men have vaginas and women have penises, holding doors open for women is a display of chauvinistic male sexual dominance, you can't be racist against white people, communism makes sense (it makes absolutely none if you think 10 seconds about anything Marx or Engles wrote), and that if you're white and make eye contact with someone of another ethnicity it's a "microagression" but if you then choose to avert your gaze in passing then it's also a "microagression" (A university in CA put that last one out. They put both contradictory examples in their Orwellain publication trying to tell people of a certain race how to act....which is racist.)
They also teach people that if you put a bunch of thermometers on airport tarmacs and in inner-city areas that means cow farts and cars will bring about a doomsday prophecy on "X" date just like televangelists do.... Then when that date passes and things are the same, they then make up another arbitrary date the world is gonna end. They also don't see the insanity in someone who owns a whole fucking fleet of sports cars, several private aircraft, and multiple multimillion dollar warehouse-sized mansions telling all of us common folk that we can't have air conditioning or cheeseburgers. 
People who are college-educated, in my experience, aren't smarter than those who didn't go to college. In many cases they're way more stupid because they're apt to fall for normalcy bias, arguments from authority, and get caught up going all-in on strawman/ad hominem arguments.
They think Bill Nye the Science Guy is a great scientific authority........ When he isn't a fucking scientist and is just a TV host who called for "climate deniers" to be jailed based on what opinions they hold...what the fuck?
They think the CIA is honest and wonderful simply because it's the CIA. They trust the CIA and IC as a whole when one of the biggest reasons those orgs even exist is to put out disinfo and narratives (that's their damn job). They think these guys are great. You know, the same honest (read: batshit insane) people who thought up Northwoods, Mockingbird, and developed Nazi torture techniques into what became known as MKUltra. The same people behind Bay of Pigs. The same people behind Iran Contra. The same people behind the crack epidemic. 
They trust propaganda outlets like CNN that have been caught staging and producing "news" rather than covering it. These same "educated" people would then take what I just said, not investigate or even acknowledge examples, and jump a huge mental hurdle to then accuse me of supporting Fox News, which I don't. If any one random mainstream corporate media outlet or acronym agency told them 2+2=5 they would swallow that, hook, line, and sinker just because "reputable" places said so. They are like the NPC's you meet in video games. 
With these "educated" people, I could piss on their leg and tell them it's raining and they'd believe me. 
The "uneducated" people I know, by and large, are way more intelligent than the people I know who went to public university. They take everything with a grain of salt. Even the most country blumpkin religious folks I know, if they know you well enough and are comfortable, will engage you in a discussion about faith vs objective proof and some of the deepest, craziest metaphysical convos I have ever had have been with hillbillies dressed in overalls with dirty fingernails from manual labor, a glass of shine in one hand, a Bailey's cigarette in the other hand, and a beard that screams "Duck Dynasty".
The "uneducated" I know are way more likely to admit ignorance on a point or topic than the "educated" ones. On the religion example, the overall-clad folks will almost always admit to me that they cannot possibly go about proving the existence of God to someone who doesn't believe because they fully understand the concept of faith. I've had Bible-thumpers in deep discussions tell me they know it could all be bull but then go on about faith. I've had multiple "educated" peers go straight into trying to disprove the existence of God--which is absolutely, 100% impossible to do! 
@_date: 2019-03-06 03:58:05
Yeah and chances are he'll try to use Bitcoin as a part of his evil ass Twitter control grid.
Everyone needs to be wary of these folks. It seems like every time one of those Orwellian control freak techno-asshats or little demons from Jekyll Island say something  positive about crypto, people all over these crypto subs go nuts.
Everything these people do goes against everything crypto is supposed to be about which is freedom of thought, freedom from centrally controlled fake money, and decentralization (this is assuming that the hypothesis saying Satoshi was a team of DIA or NSA spooks and pushing Bitcoin for those very things is false).
Yeah the Zuckerbergs and Dorsey's could be jumping into a new and exciting industry just to make an honest buck....
....Bit given their track records, I don't think that's the case. If we aren't careful, crypto will be taken over by some awful people and used against all of us just like cell phones, the internet, and virtually all forms of modern media.
Zuckerberg is using former Stasi members to hunt down political dissidents in Germany and gives his platform a full open door to parts of US intel agencies. I doubt he has the best intentions here in crypto.
JP Morgan Chase... Do I even have to go into them? I bet their intentions are nefarious.
Jack Dorsey selectively and arbitrarily enforces Twitter's user policies to ban users in order to sway political thought just like Facebook and Google do. He lies and scams people about his platform all the time. They shadowban folks whole he says they don't. He has a sizeable workforce that combs through everyone's private messages and can see everything you've typed (even deleted things) and as one Twitter employee once said on hidden camera, they see "all your dick pics."
If anyone can fuck up crypto and drive it into the ground, it's all the folks like this who are celebrated here and in other subs. 
@_date: 2019-08-15 00:50:17
Apples and oranges
@_date: 2018-06-14 23:56:24
Honestly, those make me laugh my ass off. The coin's face just does it to me every time. 
@_date: 2019-02-18 13:51:27
Not at mine. I understood it was gonna be a slow rollout. The locator map doesn't show any on my entire half of the country. 
@_date: 2019-10-28 06:44:03
All glory to the hypnotoad
@_date: 2019-06-01 06:16:33
Tuhhhh! Got me some silver. First ever purchase to a business in crypto for me. Went smoothly. I like how you can request them to follow up with you after a bit. I got an email that I think was automated but if I responded I'd get connected with someone. That was nice. 
The customer reviews are generally good. I'm gonna check out the Silver Eagles cull/damaged. They're the cheapest Eagles by far and the reviews are surprising. Some folks are saying the "damage" was a scratch or a tiny knick. One guy had his come in painted if I remember right. Honesty, at this point I'm just looking for the metal in a form that's recognizable anywhere; numismatic value, be damned!
I got my stuff promptly. Discreet little box. No fancy packaging but that's not what I'm after!
I don't have any ties to them other than buying there once. I think I saw a post about it late last year on a crypto sub, possibly this one.
@_date: 2019-02-15 18:01:08
You're right. I got it wrong. BCH was analogue and designed by da Vinci in 1500. Roger Verr said so once.
Poe? Like.... From DBZ? 
@_date: 2019-02-15 13:20:12
That's because btc is a scam shitaltcoin. BCH has been around since 1978 and is the true Bitcoin. It's even in its name. 
@_date: 2019-02-15 13:19:19
Primus sucks 
@_date: 2019-12-23 14:11:06
Headlines mean nothing. Most of the headlines I read, especially on govt and politics, will have contradictory statements within the first few paragraphs. 
Like, "New Study: 100% of people who drink water die"
Paragraph 1: "....although, according to the study, all people do in fact die regardless of water intake."
Not saying this story is like that, but people focusing on headlines is why people think everyone in San Francisco throws poop around like monkeys, the Steele Dossier was  credible and factual, Trump removed the MLK bust, and everyone in the UK throws battery acid on each other.
@_date: 2019-06-13 14:15:23
The pic is a hilarious and true meme. But the reasoning that crypto will curb corruption is very flawed.
Anything of value can be used for payoffs. A bunch of Democrat reps have been recently busted for laundering money through non-profits to enrich themselves via their spouses in pay-to-play schemes. Some of these involved real estate from what I understand. 
Hookers are a good corruption currency. Children who are sex-trafficked are a BIG one all over the world, even in the West. Just look at what the C****** Foundation did to Haiti. Raped the country and trafficked kids but used commercials right after the earthquake years ago back in the US to get money donations to go do that. The trafficked kids from stuff like that are used as commodities and power leveraging.
Gold is a good one. 
Government contracts are a HUGE thing in America that are used for leverage.
Anything can be used.
@_date: 2019-12-02 23:27:52
Mmmmmm. Real money.
I'm fully torqued.
@_date: 2019-12-30 14:17:45
Austrian Econ. The only real econ.
@_date: 2019-02-15 18:02:26
Lol negative votes? You crazy kids. Just meming but in text. Thought I'd get laughs! 
@_date: 2019-04-17 15:16:16
Finally. A fellow Austrian!
@_date: 2019-04-16 15:12:03
Not a straw man, a generalization. Yeah a logical fallacy and could have been worded better. It's a big sub. You're right. I'm actually happy I stumbled on this post and I wish I saw more like it here.
Sure. He's cool for buying BTC but that doesn't make him cool in my book. Taking his "free speech wing of the free speech party" project and turning it into an authoritarian arm of the culture war plows over the coolness of buying BTC in my book.
Dorsey is a snake and is after total control just like Brin, Paige, Zuckerberg, etc.
@_date: 2019-04-03 13:01:45
Yes! Transfer that equity that ain't earnin' nothin' into BTC!
I took some cash out and I even got a HELOC so I can swipe my equity away for crypto on a card! Everyone says that's stupid but they won't be laughing when I buy 5 houses with BTC in a month! 
Pro move. 
@_date: 2019-04-03 12:59:42
IF U DNT CLAP OR REPOST IN 5 MINS THEN U GET BAD LUK 4 A THOUSAND YRS AND UR FAM DYES! OMG! 
@_date: 2019-04-03 13:02:07
*"Load the dip."*
@_date: 2019-04-16 15:13:22
@_date: 2019-04-16 15:04:51
Sure it is. Works like a charm.........
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:17:19
They can't knowingly participate if they don't know.
@_date: 2019-04-16 11:16:15
Everyone here is all "this flies in the face of the philosophy of crypto".
Where are you guys when this whole sub splooges when FacebookTwitterGoogle or some big bank dickhead talks about getting their greasy little fingers wrapped around crypto? 
Shit, I thought this sub was just going to be an orgasm ocean when Jack Dorsey was pushing BTC and I'm just sitting around thinking everyone here has been living under a rock for the past decade.
If you are pissed off here because "values" and "privacy" then you shouldn't want Microsoft, FacebookTwitterGoogle, Warren Buffet, or Amazon anywhere close to the crypto space.
@_date: 2018-11-14 04:29:33
Our justice system acts less like an American one and more like some weird Soviet-style legalese persecution apparatus. It's not a Democrat vs Republican issue because they both act the same. It's a state vs liberty issue.
In many places judges even bar attorneys from educating jurors on their right of jury nullification or risk legal action or be disbarred which is some of the most un-American crap I've ever heard. They tell jurors not to make decisions based on whether or not they agree with the law but to be "fact finders" and rule on the law as written..... Which flies in the face of the whole reason juries are even around. 
Side note:
If you guys ever find yourselves on jury duty for ANYTHING, know that you carry more power than all three branches of government. If you do not agree with the law--if you think it is unjust--or if you believe the defendant is being prosecuted unjustly, you may decide "not guilty". Someone is prosecuted for drug possession or distribution to adults? I'm going not guilty. Someone being persecuted by a psychopathic team of federal dick lawyers that participate in raw abuse of power like in Ulbrich's case? I don't care what he did if it was nonviolent, I'm going not guilty.
@_date: 2018-11-21 15:50:29
Every time this meme gets me 
@_date: 2019-01-18 14:01:54
Well, Reddit is a pretty fucked site like all the social media so the borderline fraudulent leeching won't be stopped any time soon. Some subs get shadowbanned or have algorithms imposed on them that mess with vote counting where for every certain number of up-votes a certain percentage are automatically down-voted to prevent posts going to the front page. On some, votes don't even register. Reddit also messes with subscriber counts. Sometimes, subs are slapped with arbitrary special rules their members have to follow or face being shut down. 
Makes sense the BTC name was hijacked for BCH and is being paraded around as BTC and Reddit doesn't care. They're too busy chasing dragons to actually care about this. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 13:36:04
I now get why people hate this Verr guy. All his selling points make sense. He comes across as passionate about the original vision of Bitcoin and is all about getting adoption going. HOWEVER, ffs, don't go around grabbing up the BTC label on everything and then call actual BTC "not BTC". If I give him the benefit of the doubt here and say he's trying to get mass adoption rolling and maybe he sees BCH as being the success that was envisioned by Nakamoto; but he's doing it in the least self-aware way possible.
A smarter approach would be to say he's putting forth Nakamoto's vision with a NEW project and for people to think of BTC as savings and BCH as a kind of checking account. That way wouldn't alienate and piss off as many people and it wouldn't make him seem like such a pompous ass.
I heard him do an interview on Infowars last year that was kinda funny. He was allowed to explain cryptos, BTC, BCH, etc and if I remember correctly Jones had to keep rehashing what Verr was saying like a, "so let me get this straight," sorta deal. Verr was kinda struggling and then a caller came through. I saw him post on one of these subs afterwards but it was pretty funny. He was respectful, but called out Verr and even Jones stopped Verr from talking over the caller becuase he was brining up really good points.
Give me BCH without all the fuckery. There's enough fuckery in crypto already and if he truly does believe he's furthering the vision, his rhetoric needs to change BECAUSE THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS. 
@_date: 2019-01-07 15:04:45
Down with globalism! And sweet art. If I had the money I'd have you paint that on one side of my house and then another one on the other side that would be a modern interpretation of something from the American Revolution. 
@_date: 2019-01-12 04:43:28
My boy, Hayek! Gotta love his buddies Menger and Mises!
"Human Action" helped to deprogram me. 
@_date: 2019-01-12 04:46:18
PROOF! And the money is back on the exchanges and my whole life savings has been added to it.
Thanks, Reddit fortune cookie! 
@_date: 2019-01-18 19:08:58
Yeah and was called out by a caller and Alex Jones made him explain some accusations. I've never seen another interviewer do that. Jones has stayed away from the crypto stuff and didn't have a point to prove either way with it.
Infowars does dome pretty great journalism out there on a lot of things. They haven't covered too much crypto but this interview was pretty good, I thought. The caller calling out Verr on bullshit was funny. If that would have happened on a corporate news outlet they would have screened the call and bailed, covered for their guest (Verr), and they wouldn't have allowed the back and forth to ensue. 
@_date: 2019-01-21 05:21:08
Where? I looked in my zip. Nothing. I looked in NYC, Los Angeles. Nothing. 
@_date: 2019-01-19 01:12:18
"your argument is invalid because it's invalid"
Thanks for that. 
@_date: 2019-01-18 22:14:51
You must be mistaken. I'm not talking about CNN or MSNBC which fake stories almost daily and run wild conspiracy theories for views. I'm talking about Infowars.
Infowars broke the stories regarding the US govt apprehending illegals at the border, shipping them to sanctuary cities, then giving them bus vouchers to anywhere in the country. Fox News picked that up like 5 months later. 
They were on the ground in Ferguson, Missouri in the middle of the crowds live streaming while the corporate media were all penned up in Humvee-patrolled parking lots far away from the action, just reading off of police and government statements for news.
They were on the ground in Charlottesville extensively (right down the road from me) covering both sides while the corporate media was just reading talking points. 
They've been covering the brewing genocide scenario (and Marxist land reforms) in South Africa that literally no one in the corporate media will touch. 
They called BS on WMDs in Iraq when everyone else just took CIA and Bush admin talking points on the issue. 
They helped break Fast and Furious. 
They cover perspectives that are silenced everywhere else...kinda like when everyone was screaming for us to go to endless war in Syria because "gas attacks" but many of the "terrible" videos used by the White Helmets turned out to be completely staged and Infowars showed them. 
They broke the US govt funding Jihadis in the Levant and Middle East that the US govt and tech companies called "moderate rebels".... That was almost entirely Infowars covering that. 
They extensively covered WTC building 7.
They were one of the only voices covering the holes and deceptive practices in NOAA/WHO studies on climate change. 
They are one of the only voices currently covering massive voter fraud in the US. 
They are one of the only anti-war voices in news today. All the corporate media (FNC, CNN, MSNBC, etc) are decidedly pro-war.
Without them, I would have never learned about Operation Mockingbird, Operation Northwoods, the Pike Committee Hearings, the Tavestock Institute, the Tuskegee Experiments, etc. To this day, no one I speak with even has heard about anything I've mentioned here. 
They sent Joe Biggs to cover the humanitarian crisis in Haiti where the Clinton Foundation, UN, and the charities set up by the Clintons/Bushes weren't doing anything to help and pocketed most of the money. Turns out, private citizens are going down there and doing most of the heavy lifting. NO ONE ELSE COVERED THIS. UN choppers just sitting on tarmacs; not to mention the UN's history of child sex trafficking. They should have received a freaking Pulitzer for that coverage alone. 
They were the loudest voice on Bilderberg, an organization that for years MSNBC, CBS, and on and on said "didn't exist at all" until 2016. Alex Jones has been the only person to infiltrate, record, and bring to life Bohemian Grove. 
The news that's coming out about big tech manipulating searches to change elections, scraping user data, helping the Communist Chinese dictatorship, and keeping all the user data in private chats and dms and using voice activation software actively, 24/7, not just when users summon the programs--Infowars broke that like 5 years go. All my coworkers and friends told me I was full of shit but then Snowden happened and now Cambridge Analytica (which is a mosquito bite compared to what else Facebook is doing)and everyone is acting like it's new news. 
I read corporate media articles where they say Infowars pushes this or that and it turns out to be completely false or out of context. Hell, Megyn Kelly turned him saying Hillary Clinton murdered civilians in Libya/Syria with US policy into "HRC is killing kids in a pizza restaurant". 
The whole "Infowars is conspiracy theory and fake" line.... I used to believe. I just read headlines but then when I actually listened to the podcasts and show and researched what they were saying, it was all true. 
CNN is on video (Charles Jaco) faking being in Saudi Arabia during US intervention in the 90s. They also fake their town halls. They push the "Russian collusion" narrative which is literally the biggest conspiracy theory I've ever heard in my life (besides "we didn't go to the moon"), they pushed WMDs in Iraq which got scores of ppl killed, the BBC manufactured hate in Poland a few years back with the European socceR championship, all US corporate media faked stories about Trump not visiting troops at Xmas and him feeding fish with Abe in Japan, and the list goes on.
All the polls that corporate media ran showing HRC winning by like 97%....Infowars called them out months before election night and pointed out that Hillary supporters should be livid over it because people just read the headlines and NEVER looked at the actual polls. As it turns out, when you clicked the little blue link to the PDFs of the polls, they were over-sampling self-described Democrats in double-digit percentages to pad it; CNN, NYT, WaPo (CIA), were all lying to their audience with fake polls! 
Every media outlet makes mistakes and calls things wrong when they do analyses but when it comes to convering news stories, Infowars has done an amazing job presenting perspectives and not just taking government PR releases at face value which is what true journos should never do. They are independent and sell their own products. If you watch Fox or CNN it's all big pharma drugs, USAF/Army recruitment propaganda commercials, and the like. You won't ever see these people actually dig into things.
No outlet is perfect and that includes Infowars but journalism is dead nowadays. You can't trust anything from NYT, BBC, CNN, MSNBC, FNC, WaPo, WSJ, CBS, NBC, on and on because they flat out fabricate stuff. It's not fake news, it's state propaganda. Infowars is picking up a ton of the slack and doing some really amazing bombshell reports in government corruption and inner-workings/process especially concerning our runaway intelligence community...... Which, by the way, heavily staffs the US corporate media. 
@_date: 2019-09-17 17:12:27
Reminds me of a few nations in the Middle East and Levant that got all "crazy" and wanted to introduce gold back into their systems to get off the dollar...
...then DoS, USAID, the IC, White Helmets and others barrelled in with the Arab Spring, false flags, and sent in what became known as ISIS to collapse the whole region....again...following the same game plan the British and American Empires have done over there repeatedly since the 1800s. 
(Regime/populace getting out from under your thumb? No worries! Clandestinely fund and arm religious extremists and release them!)
Plus a few years back, a lot of the USD got colored and actually looks like monopoly money now. Those over at that beast from Jekyll Island probably found that hilarious.
@_date: 2019-09-29 16:59:05
Quantum anal?
Also, I see. That makes sense. Like a shitty Dell company computer vs some $2k gaming pc... one's meant to do anything and the other is meant to be a word processor.
@_date: 2019-09-29 13:07:45
I dont understand why this Google shit is big news.
There's a company in Canada with a 2000 Qbit computer called the D 2000 (company is D-Wave sysyems) and it's actually on the market.
@_date: 2019-05-03 05:03:35
Never mind he got his start defending the Klan...
@_date: 2019-05-09 02:57:06
Keeps things interesting.
Just another reason for me to get a team together for PopCornCoin.
@_date: 2019-05-30 15:32:48
Yeah they'd never do anything like that. They'd also never fly cocaine into the US and sell it to dealers, sparking off the crack epidemic, all in order to fund black ops during Iran Contra.....or...you know...use known assets at known foreign facilities to try and stage a coup against a sitting US president in the open for everyone to see....or...you know....airdropping supplies and arms to Al Nusra groups in Syria all for cameras to catch video of beautiful American planes right in the open throwing out pallets FULL of easily identifiable US gear (M4s, AT4s, etc).
They really think everyone is retarded. They've arrived at that point. It's either sloppiness or hubris. 
The notion that the American IC has its hands all over crypto isn't too far out of the realm of possibility.
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:56:31
Making fun of those who banned you.
@_date: 2019-05-09 02:55:48
The first thing I learned in Econ 101: there is no group, only individuals.
@_date: 2019-05-03 05:03:03
YOU NAZI REEEE!
@_date: 2019-05-31 21:40:33
Hell yeah! Is that JM Bullion? I diversified with silver on some profits after that LTC jump up to 86. They're great and have awesome service.
Good ol poo hits the oscillating blades stash.
I already have some brass, copper, and steel in that stash but let's just say the steel is jacketed by copper and sitting inside the brass.
@_date: 2019-05-03 05:02:19
Lmfao "far right". Anything right of fucking Mao these days is "far right extremism".
@_date: 2019-05-03 05:17:09
Makes sense, except in this clown world we now live in the goal posts have shifted.
"Nazi" was a member of the National Socialist German Workers' party who believed a bunch of whacked out views about the Germans being descended from India, socialism reigning with an iron fist, ruling the world, and certain Germans being racially superior to...well..everyone else. 
Now it means anyone who.....well it literally means anyone. Jews (Ben Shapiro for example) are now Nazis. Gay Jewish immigrants who have sex with interracial partners (Milo) are Nazis. Anyone who questions open border Cloward-Piven Strategy is a Nazi. Anyone...ANYONE...white, black, Hispanic, etc who voted for Trump is a Nazi. If you're merely a Christian, guess what? You're a Nazi! If you believe in the private ownership of firearms, you're a Nazi......hell, even if you don't believe in that but want to have a civil discussion with someone who does and get their perspective, you're a Nazi.
YOU are now a Nazi.
That's the danger of this batshit insane stuff. 
Your play on that amazing line is founded upon a false premise since the vast majority of people in the world are now labeled as "Nazis" or "far right".
This is all coming from the same mental patients who think it's racist to drink fucking milk.
They're coming for us all.
@_date: 2018-12-31 15:52:30
No mention of Infowars ban. Still, good article and good points. The Masters of the Universe are merely human! They are not gods! 
@_date: 2019-05-03 05:04:43
Who the fuck cares?....oh shit, wait...AHEM:
YOU POST IN THE DONALD YOUR OPINION IS INVALID YOU RACIST NAZI WOMAN KILLER!
@_date: 2018-12-08 07:21:27
Rolling... 
@_date: 2019-05-03 14:01:22
THIS COIN GUY GETS ME EVERY TIME BAHAHAHHAAHAH HIS FACE!
@_date: 2018-12-21 08:23:40
Thieves gonna thieve 