@_author: stinkyfish97
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:21:40
Well there are some positives going on for bitcoin markets right now imo:
-Chinese New Years starts on Friday
-US CPI was higher than expected (yeah you can spin this into a negative and tell yourself the Fed is going to raise 
  rates more than they initially thought but you just never know they have not suggest this as of yet). I foresee this rallying all the way up till closer to the Fed meeting, when we will get more information.
  Fed meeting in March. 
-10k is a nice even number, psychology suggest that people will continue to purchase because the psychology behind 
  it tells us so, always watch your evens as you begin approaching them. 
I am not saying we do not dip back into the 8k range but I think right now market psychology is that this thing is going to push 10k. We probably push it too soon and break back down, then bounce back up, and then as we get closer to the Fed meeting we will see a wedge form where the market will suggest it can break either direction. 
I may be putting too much into the Fed meeting and what they will say about rates and the economy of the US. 
Watch out for irrational exuberance. Once this thing breaks 10k there is no reason we do not break through that and go higher past that. 
I am looking for us to break out to 12-14k before the Fed meeting. If the meeting ends up saying they see threats and blah blah blah we arent raising rates. This thing will explode. If they do say they are going to raise rates or take further action against inflation, I expect this rally to get crushed. 
Either way there should be opportunities to lose some money in there. I have been pretty good at that so far. Ill probably be on the wrong end of this either way. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 13:53:58
I definetly see 10k. It's a nice even number. Most people love seeing even numbers both buy and sell. We are in an uptrend so we will likely hit 10k. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 18:08:40
Who me? Nope. I am late to the game in all of this and barely have any investable income to my name. Just saying that it is easily manipulated because if you tried spoofing the market puting in and then pulling large orders on a well regulated exchange NASDAQ or even a small regulated market on one of the exchange, say milk futures contracts or something. You would face not only fines, but probably get suspended from trading and have a hearing with one of the big regulatory bodies where they will fine you thousands of dollars and put derogatory remarks on your account/name so when you have to switch brokers/clearing house they may not want you. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 17:44:52
I think people put those walls up so others see and try to undercut them. Meanwhile the same people putting those sell walls up also have buy orders in. They scoop up deals as others sell, and then lift their walls and let the price inflate.
Spoofing is the term I am looking for here. Kind of illegal if you are doing it on a regulated exchange. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 20:54:51
lol. Your a funny dude. 1mil a coin is 26 Trillion market cap. Maybe it gets there, but we probably will be dead before that happens. That or we no longer even use mediums of exchange anymore. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 03:59:34
Thats what I was looking for. 8900. I am looking for 12-14k by US FOMC meeting in march. Be weary about there not being another dip. Chinese new year might sustain us at above 9500 and then propel us through several resistance levels. What may stop a run up is if the FOMC meeting the annonce additional rate increases. Cpi was stronger than expected, inflation folks. 
I am not going to tell you all to but and hold now, but i am saying there is a lot of positive signals right now driving this price.
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:45:18
But you all can put your money where your mouth is. Too many people sitting on the sidelines because they did not jump in when Bitcoin was in its innovation stage when it was well below 1.2k, I being one of them. Now that it is being adopted people still are fearful of jumping in, for good reasons after the .Com fiasco.  However not everything will go bust and disappear. Some of these coins will be adopted and some of them will be worth far more in the coming years than they currently are worth. Some are still being innovated. Which one's will be the googles, amazons. 
Also keep this in mind, when the bubble does burst in Crypto, its a buying opportunity. So yeah you can wait it out and wait for that bubble to pop, but that is not what I am doing. I believe the technology is here to stay, so I am investing both short and longterm in this. If you do not have the heart for the swings we see in Crypto, your better off waiting till they all crash and then buy up the ones that do stick around. Buy a basket and expect 90% of them to revert back to $0. Sounds like a stupid strategy 1  winner 9 losers, but hey the one winner is going to win a larger share of the trillion dollar market cap that this thing is headed for. You will make back any loses simply from that. If you are lucky you hit the lotto 2x here and pick up 2 winners. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 16:48:06
See you can pick specific points on a long chart like that but go back before the crash, 1998, we started seeing the signs there that we were headed towards a  bubble. I personally think we are more like in the 1998 where everyone started realizing it was a bubble but there had not been enough adoption of the new technology yet, people were definetly interested but had not yet put their money where their mouths were and a lot of the startups were still taking off. Then people from 1998-2000 irrationally exuberant and drove it up to crazy heights. I am looking at the lifespan of the product here. Bitcoin and Cryptos are maybe not even past the innovator stage because we still are seeing several new coins being developed seemingly every month. Out of the 400+ coins that exist, maybe 40 of them are even listed on any sort of exchange. I may be wrong to say we are even out of the innovator stage here. I am calling it early adopter phase but I could be off still.
Back to the nasdaq in 2000. When we saw the bubble pop and we saw a consolidation in the tech industry. 
In the grand scheme of things is $500 billion really that large of a market cap in today's world when you have companies such as Google who are worth more than the entire Crypto market? I say no. I think crypto's are worth more than just 1 individual company. So when people suggest we are in a .Com bubble, yeah we are headed that direction, that is the point. But I do not think we are even close to there yet. If you truly think this is a multi trillion dollar industry, not just a single thing, than this thing has to at least break 1 trillion dollar market cap before we say we are at the final stages of the bubble. 
I think you are drawing the timeline out a bit too far. Bitcoin is just barely being adopted worldwide. Wait 1-2 more years and when this thing tops $1+ trillion then I probably will be in agreement, overbought, get out and wait for the crash, buy up the coins that have proven they can exist, and perhaps buy up some of the new coins that have yet to be invented. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:53:21
 Not saying that. I see the potential for growth to a multi trillion market cap. I am not that it will get there in 4 months. Heck I hope it does not do that. I also am saying I have both long term and short term money invested. A small amount because I am supporting a family here on pretty meager wages, but still I invested what I could. 
I also am saying that we do not know which ones in the long run will be the googles/amazons or even which ones will be the AksJeaves, pets.com. I also said that once the bubble pops most will go to 0 and the ones that dont will likely lose a tremendous amount of their value. But that just means it is a buying opportunity for the ones that remain. 
If you bought amazon as the .com bubble burst, it was trading at about $7. But did you know amazon was going to be one of the few that made it? No you did not. That is why you buy a basket right now for long term and expect to have a lot more losers than winners. probably in the order of 10/1. 
I am trading as well as a short term investment in order to secure more bitcoins. If you do not have the stomach for the swings, stay out and just wait for the market to crash again. By that time it may be a multi trillion dollar bubble and I would have probably tripled my initial investment, thus having more cash to buy the coins that do stick around in the end so that I have the best shot at hitting one of the ones that end up being the google or amazon of cryptos. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:39:29
I think we break 10k by Sunday or so and then we rally and start petering out at 12-14k as people get irrationally exuberant and hold and we wait to hear from the US FOMC meeting on US interest rates. 
A wedge will likely form because we will be in a period of low vol, bull run up. If FOMC says threats, blah blah blah, not raising rates, blah blah blah. This thing probably takes off and retests bitcoins all time highs.  
But if they do crush the markets dreams and say the economy is overheating we are going to not only continue our path of raising rates but are actually going to do it at a faster pace. I could see bitcoin taking another nosedive back to 6-7k range. 
If they say continuation of what they already going to do we probably move sideways. 
Just my opinion though. 
I am looking to get back in at 8900 but I might start price avg back in around $9150 just to be sure not to get priced out before the Chinese new year begins. Once they start buying I just do not see this thing breaking below $8900 before the rest of the month, unless some short sellers come in to artificially drive down the price so they can secure themselves a better price (but that will be a risky strategy because I fully expect some decent activity from the Chinese buyers).
@_date: 2018-02-15 17:02:50
My point is people want to look just at the peak of the .com bubble and say that is where we are, I do not think we are there yet. Again I am saying early adopter, but what if we haven't even broke out of the innovator stage of this thing yet. 
Several new coins (comparative to several new IPO's) are coming up still. Even through the crash we saw new IPO's open up like GOOGLE. 
Obviously we have a lot of technical differences in a crypto market than we are going to see in a highly regulated market such as where the NASDAQ trades, but some of the principles apply. We are not at peak craziness yet because things are still being developed, refined, and adopted. Most of the people are still on the sidelines. The reason I know this is because most of the coins are owned by original owners still. They arent going to crash their own product here guys. They got to wait for Plain Jane and Joe Schmuck to drive this up so they can get out at the top. It is a process and just like the NASDAQ in 1998 for instance, there is still plenty of room for this thing to keep growing. In the grand scheme of things this technology is there, but we have to attract investors. This little downtrend from 20k to 9k in bitcoin was a major correction for sure, but my belief is again its a multi trillion dollar invention here and most people are just remaining idle because they believe we are NASDAQ year 2000, when when I look at this chart I think we might only be NASDAQ 1998. 
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:33:06
I said this yesterday and I will say it again today. I am putting my money where my mouth is, even if it is only a couple hundred dollars. 
$10k is a mental barrier. Most people out there put in buy/sell orders right at even numbers, mistake by the way imo. We will likely break 10k before Monday. 
-Chinese New Year (well not just China) but it is tradition to give cash in red envelopes. Asians love Bitcoin and therefore I fully expect them to be buyers, especially with the majority of this kind of cash being given to younger generation who is more quickly to adopt technologies like bitcoins. 
-US CPI was higher than expected and there are some inflation fears growing in US markets. 
Some concerns I have are what will the Fed say 1 month from now. Tether Subpoena is a little worrisome. I mean there are threats out there but right now they are slow moving. 
FOMC Meeting:
There are really just 2 options for for the FED but it is the wording that is going to matter to people's fears out there. How optimistic they are on the economy or pessimistic. 
Now if they come out and say that the economy is overheating and we are going to have to raise rates faster than expected. I fully expect another market correction, this would be a Bearish signal imo. Not just for US markets but for Bitcoin as well. 
If they say they see some threats yada yada yada not increasing the number of times they will be raising rates. We will correct to the upside. Possibly testing Bitcoins highs honestly. Once we break 10k, which should be before Monday quite honestly, I fully expect the Chinese New Year to carry us through 12k and then we bounce up and down 12-14k as we close in on that FOMC Meeting to hear what they have to say about the US economy. 
There are a lot more positives going for this. Keep in mind we are transitioning from the innovator stage to the Early Adopter phase in Bitcoin. I have way to many people telling me your crazy. 
Crypto is a bubble in the same way that the .Com bubble happened. Here is the thing however. 9/10 .Com's went bust, but if you were right on just 1 of them, you ended up owing a piece of Amazon or Google. The thing is you never know which ones will bust out, AskJeeves, and which ones will be readily adopted as the lifecyle moves on. This is a Trillion dollar market imo. And we are sitting well below a trillion dollar market cap in all coins. That tells me that we have a ways to grow here, we have not seen nothing yet. 