@_author: stjamesbtc
@_date: 2017-11-11 22:00:00
You must've paid $50 for that transaction to clear. Good luck with that.
@_date: 2017-11-12 04:37:23
I never said or implied that they did. He posted that he "just" sold bch and bought at a point in time where there was such a backlog that to complete the transaction and get the transaction into a wallet it was prohibitively expensive. Fees rise as the backlog does and people are rushing for the exit right now. Fees are through the roof.
@_date: 2017-06-02 19:30:53
Again, GO READ THE WHITEPAPER. 
Users have the power to determine the value via their demand, but that is the extent of their power. Miners, and only miners, have the power, through consensus, to change rules. That's the whole point of this exercise. They put up the capital to run the network; they decide the rules of the game. If you don't like their rules, take your ball and play elsewhere.
If you really want to change the rules, then go put capital into the system and contribute hash power. Otherwise, quit bumping your gums. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 10:58:58
I'm opposed to SegWit and Bitcoin Core's lack of action on the scaling debate and I'm not being paid. Guess I'm missing out on a free ride.
This optic that EVERY user loves Segwit and despises bigger blocks couldn't be further from the truth. Its not just Jihan and Ver. It just seems that way to you because they have the most to lose, alot more than any of the Core developers, when this project derails because no one can actually use the new currency they purchase. 
I've tried to demonstrate how it works to friends in the last 6 months but can't because of high fees and network congestion. And don't tell me Segwit can magically fix this, because the networks that have see Segwit adoption have received no tangible benefit from it. Increase the blocksize first, then work on side chains. They shouldn't be mutually exclusive. Seems pretty simple to me.
@_date: 2017-06-02 18:55:34
Hash power is the only thing that matters. Go read the white paper. Put up or shut up.
@_date: 2017-06-02 21:24:49
1) Not part of the whitepaper
2) He's referring to a hardfork but people have re-assured us BIP148 is most definitely not a hard fork. You're saying they're wrong?
@_date: 2017-06-07 13:56:30
That's the consequence of banning everyone that has a different opinion of how to solve the scaling issue. There's no one left to disagree with you. The only ones that do can now be effectively branded a shill because by default they would be new users. 
Its an echo chamber in here. Its also an echo chamber in the other thread, buts that's not the result of people being banned from expressing an opinion. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 12:56:09
Now who's the one being stupid. You paint it as Jihan vs the world because it suits your narrative and allows for fear mongering. I'm hear to tell you it is most definitely not Jihan vs the world. From my viewpoint its economics vs coders. Coders feel like they have to implement this complicated fix to solve multiple different "issues". From my personal experience in the network over the last 2-3 years there is one, and ONLY, one real issue right now. Scaling. Period. End of story. Fix it the simplest way possible, then work on these other issues. 
I'm openly admit that I know nothing about coding but and willing to learn why all of these other issues are, in fact, issues, if someone wants to take the time to point to actually helpful information. Please don't post to twitter or reddit posts by blowhards like Luke Dashjr, who obviously has an agenda. 
From my perspective increasing the blocksize should be simple, and if not then this shit is WAY to complicated to ever be trusted by enough people to actually make a difference. 
@_date: 2017-06-04 13:11:58
Such a simple, but beautiful explanation. Thank you.
I thought the whole point of this cryptocurrency experiment was to move away from benevolent designers that "know better" and towards a free market. Technocrats that dictate parameters to the system were supposed to be supplanted by a purely free exchange.
I was drawn to this from the economics side of the equation and admittedly know little about the technical details, but it seems simple enough to me. Let the market decide, not a handful of actors that hopefully have our best interests at heart.
@_date: 2017-06-04 12:58:54
Outside agency pay Jihan? He actually produces products that the whole ecosystem benefits from. He puts his own money on the line, unlike others in this space that have taken VC/investor funds and produced nothing tangible with those funds. If you're really afraid of integral cogs in the bitcoin system being paid by outside actors, Jihan is not the one to look at. 
@_date: 2017-06-07 13:06:18
As opposed to blockstream's motives, after taking AXA money and producing exactly..... what is it that they used that 76 million for again?
I guarantee Roger has more in Bitcoin than ETH. Your post just illustrates your lack of actual investment in bitcoin. If you had a substantial amount in BTC you would want to diversify out of it, like any rational actor.
And this is not, and never will be, a zero sum game. Congratulations. You proved, in less than 10 words, a complete lack of understanding of economics and free markets. Must be a record.