@_author: stjohnmccloskey
@_date: 2014-04-11 21:46:43
Right, this is what I'm worried about.
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:29:17
finite natural resources and a product lifecycle don't scare me as much as they scare you I think. I mean obviously we need to move towards more recycling, but the idea that economic growth is dependant on gobbling up natural resources is a little outdated!
as for decay being natural, if you're making an analogy to nature I'll just point out that there is no waste in nature, its all recycled! We can do that too.
@_date: 2014-04-11 17:40:28
I've looked pretty hard at bitcoin and am super excited about the technology and the idea, but there is something that I'd love to get resolved in my brain. Bitcoin is deflationary in the long run, right? Doesn't that mean that all other things being equal it make more sense to sit on bitcoin than invest or spend it?
also, you'd always want prices to be kept in a more stable currency wouldn't you? Or is there a reason that I'm not aware of that will cause bitcoin prices to stabilize? (I am talking narrowly about the price of a cup of coffee -- you'd never want to put the price in bitcoin on a sign even once bitcoin is hugely popular because you'd have to change it all the time, right? Or am I missing something?).
Anyway I'd love to hear some of you guys allay these concerns i have!
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:10:14
Actually with regard to prices I'm not talking about the rate of deflation, but rather the volatility of the currency. It goes up and down a lot relative to other (more stable?) currencies. I'm talking about the value of bitcoin changing drastically over a short period, independant of the long term rise of the value of bitcoin. Does that make sense? If I set the price of a cup of coffee in bitcoin, in some short period of time (days, weeks, months) the value that number means could be very different, right? I mean the price of bitcoin relative to fiat currencies is determined by the market for bitcoin on exchanges, which is pretty volatile! I've got very positive emotional attatchment towards bitcoin, that just worries me; maybe I'm looking at it the wrong way somehow.
I don't mean to suggest that no one would spend bitcoin! Even if it was hugely deflationary you'd still need to access that value sometimes. As I said somewhere else, the concern I have about it being deflationary is partly to do with what that will do to credit. A creditor is HUGELY favored by a deflationary currency; I really want to see debtors favored for policy reasons. And the fact that it's deflationary can't be set off by a negative interest rate can it? I mean no one is going to accept that unless the rate of deflation is 100% certain, which it's not, right?
Again, I want to put my faith in bitcoin! I just want help doing it :P
@_date: 2014-04-12 00:10:28


That all makes good sense. I'm sold!
I think that the government subsidized loans are the only way to go. I don't think that demand for education is going to go down anytime in the foreseeable future. I mean the value of a degree on lifetime earnings is still really really high.
I'm going to have to go with your buddy on this one. If it's true that it's horrible (and I don't think it is), economists will be able to make people not choose it :P
@_date: 2014-04-30 00:08:53
@_date: 2014-01-29 19:12:50
I see what you did there...
@_date: 2014-04-12 00:27:33
No, I think I pointed out further down it's not that I think people *won't* spend bitcoin at all ever, rather that because it makes more sense to sit on it than invest it, it will be bad for the economy And also below, there's a question about debt; deflation would really help creditors a lot and really screw debtors.


Well that depends on the market haha It's not really as simple as just lowering prices. (i.e. If you greatly lower the price of a wedding dress, or a bottle of wine you'll sell fewer).
@_date: 2014-04-17 16:15:39
Well as for how things can grow forever, think about the rise of services? We don't depend on natural resources for growth (granted we still use a lot of natural resources, but that's not necessarily the way it has to be!).
@_date: 2014-04-12 01:35:57
Sorry...I'm not sure exactly what you're responding to, it looks like your example. I thought your question was about a particular store and a particular product; if that's the case then a particular products change in price will have a totally negligible impact on purchasing power parity.
If you're not talking about your example then I don't know how prices falling is related?
@_date: 2014-04-11 23:54:44
yeah, definitely as a payment system it's AMAZING! I guess for some reason I want to believe in it as a total system of money. I dont know why. It definitely already has value as a commodity and a medium of exchange!
@_date: 2014-04-11 19:01:55
Well, hang on, the reason that you earn interest when you put money in a bank is that the money is being invested (ideally). With a deflationary currency it's just the nature of the beast.
The ideal rate of inflation for most people using a currency is between 3% and 6%, we definitely want inflation. Think about it this way; your bitcoins you sit on will grow in value, however if you owe debts to anyone, those debts will also grow *in value*, not in number (though realistically they might grow in number too). Deflationary currencies favor creditors a LOT, and that's obviously a concern for the average person, right? So it's a good thing the Fed does inflate the Dollar, in fact, they're definitely not doing it enough!
@_date: 2014-04-11 20:51:57


Right, this is my concern. I'm not sure why wider adoption would stabilize it? My (limited) understanding of the volatility is that it's being bought and sold on exchanges so much. Why would that die down, or am I mistaken about that causing the volatility?


Absolutely, but I think that's only because of the unequal bargaining power. With a Bitcoin economy (if that's something we're even talking about?) you would have the currency helping too. Maybe you're right though, the market might just compensate for that (if that's your point?). I'm an optimist, that sounds good.
As for very low interest rate loans, how would a deflationary currency affect that? I mean a student loan can go from 4-7% -ish, right? so that would be a concern (and student loans are the ones I think are probably most important. Education is becoming more and more important as high-tech manufacturing is coming back to the US). 
PS: I'm obviously taking this from a US perspective, but I think student loans are a big deal here and they will be soon in other places as the whole world becomes more and more driven by technology.
@_date: 2013-11-23 17:43:01
True! Good point
@_date: 2013-11-23 17:12:09
What makes you think that?
I respect FDR, but I like the word "dime" and if someone said we should start calling them "franklins" or "roosevelts" I'd say we should use dime because it's a much nicer word to use!