@_author: stk-aizensousuke
@_date: 2017-12-07 16:13:27
Props man. I wish I invested years ago. Here's where I would put my coin if I had one:
Primary Sclerosing Cholangitis is a rare liver disease which your immune system attacks an important part of it, the "drainage system" aka bile ducts. Over time they become scarred over and the backup of Bile in the liver leads to a slow, painful death. Right now the only cure is a liver transplant.
I was diagnosed back in 2001 when I was a teenager. It guided my life, closed doors for me but also opened new ones. I met my life saving wife, got a job with an excellent health care package, moved into our first home and in general have been enjoying our lives.
Fast forward to 2014. See, the liver is an amazing organ. It can take amazing amounts of damage and still work. So people like us tend to live fairly good lives until we fall off a cliff. This is pretty much what happened. I won't get into details, but it led to multiple ER visits, a lot of invasive procedures, and pretty much things to make my life easier and delay the inevitable. 
On August 2016 I got my call for transplant. The surgery was a difficult one, but I made it. I was incredibly lucky. I follow a group of people who have PSC, and during my recovery time I read of another person who was sent in for transplant but did not survive the procedure. Suffice it to say, there was a lot of emotions going on.
Now, here's the thing. We are close to finding a treatment. There are multiple trials going on for extremely promising things on the horizon. Any bit of money can help so many people not have to suffer.
Aside from that, another good option is donate life.
Even if you don't have money to give, please read up on this. Because of someone's selfless decision, I'm alive here to type this message for you. Become an organ donor. So many people are waiting for an organ, so many people die because there are none available. I take peace in knowing that if my PSC comes back (because it can) and I pass away, my other fully functioning organs can be used to help other people have more time with their family and friends like I do. 