@_author: stockpage
@_date: 2018-09-17 11:57:46
Well if the fluctuation is hard to handle, you can convert a month's spending money at a time into fiat when the price is up. So if we're at 6400 right now, just hold on and spend the fiat. Then if it goes up above 7000, sell enough to keep you for the next month. Assuming that you're getting paid once a month, you can time these sales to correspond to a slightly higher dollar amount than what you received them for. Also keep track of your average acquired price (most wallets do this automatically) and try to keep above that. 
Depending on where you are, and what you're doing to get that money, it might be possible you don't have to pay taxes on it either.
@_date: 2018-09-08 16:05:36
Much better chart. It's been looking like it's running hot for the last year or so, and I actually thought that Trump would be the catalyst for the downslide, but he actually sent it rattling up further with those tax breaks. Historically speaking, it's still got a ways to go now and it might not even go down during his presidency.
Although there is also a pattern of correction or recession, whichever term you prefer, that tends to occur every 8 years or so. We are now in the longest bull market of the past 50 years or so (I can't remember exactly) which goes to show that the top can't be too far away.
@_date: 2018-09-02 11:09:58
Geez that's kind of funny. I wouldn't expect to see that in the UK. I wonder how the government feels about those kinds of trades? They're still paying taxes for it I'd imagine so it wouldn't matter anyway.
I'd be quite wary about who I'm buying the house from. You never know with the skills of swindlers these days. Especially with a sign like that.
@_date: 2018-09-03 13:56:41
Well think about it this way: The price isn't likely to get much lower than 6k because the miners need that level to profit. So they'll protect it to the death. If they can't the entire thing might capitulate (highly unlikely, but not impossible)
Will it raise about 8k or go back to 6k? No one can tell other than making an educated guess. News could jerk it in either direction without notice. We can only wait and see.
So do you want to miss an opportunity or sit on a potential 15% loss? 15% isn't bad, if you don't need the money immediately. 
@_date: 2018-09-09 09:55:09
And not to mention a credit pinch. The Fed is raising rates far too quickly for consumers to handle from what I see. Canada is in a similar position as most consumers won't be able to pay their bills if there is another 0.50% hike. 
Before that starts happening, we might see a major slowdown in consumer spending. The hard part to guess is which one will fold first. Some say the car industry is a huge bubble waiting to burst, or the housing is ready to go again, or it could just be widespread defaults on loans. The thing about these buybacks is they distort the picture quite badly. 
@_date: 2018-08-31 15:37:59
PayPal are a bunch of criminals as well. They take a good 5% off of everything that they transfer too. I still use it because some people just don't know any better to try something else. I guess they think 5% is reasonable...
Western Union is definitely going down if they keep up this nonsense. They'll stay in business as long as people are tech-blind and ignorant of other solutions. But even the remittance market is getting competitive these days, I've seen rates as low as 1%!