@_author: stockus_member
@_date: 2017-10-13 02:20:53
A lot of people are curious about our platform and are asking when it will be available. It is important to clarify that our platform is undergoing some technical modifications and needs initial funding to properly operate. With the aim to support the prize pools for the first three months, before Stockus platform becomes self-sustainable, we need to sell tokens before the launch. To make our platform operate safely and transparently, we are using the blockchain technology, which is a transparent way to make transactions secure and make our project trustworthy. Stockus is different from any existing online trading platforms because we are transparent and honest with our clients from the beginning.
Stockus’ tournaments allow users to compete in skills and receive rewards for outperforming others. We firmly believe that this market was missing for a long time and that there were no such tournaments before. Therefore, we have decided to release our platform after two rounds of STT sale: Pre-ICO and ICO. Pre-ICO will start at the end of October and will last for three complete weeks. After this, we will start an extensive marketing campaign, test the platform, improve some instruments, correct the bugs, contact respectful financial advisors for an approval and incorporate our company. Then the ICO round will start, and we will send all the tokens through the smart contract to the Pre-ICO investors, begin to fill our price pools, gather funds for smartphone app development, fuel the marketing campaign, run the platform in closed beta tests, hire a full legal team and create additional tournaments.
We are doing a big project, and we need your action now to accomplish it. Eventually, Stockus will become a financial market, but before that, we will help everyone to participate in trading and profit from real skills!
The Stockus Development Team
@_date: 2017-10-13 02:21:15
Tournaments, catering to both beginners and experts, will appeal to all traders. Whether you are looking at Stockus as a hobby or as a potential income provider, our wide range of daily,weekly and monthly tournaments will keep you busy, entertained and productive!
Stockus’ innovations allow people to play in the tournaments relying on their skills. Ethereum makes it possible to create smart contracts that autonomously control business logic in the blockchain. These smart contracts will be used to quickly and reliably process the results of games and pay the rewards to the respective players. Unlike existing platforms, all Stockus transactions are publicly verifiable, resistant to forgery and are not subject to risk. Trust of our players is the main advantage arising from the use of blockchain technology.
Our platform gives users the game-changing system of two wallets. Each user will have access to a Brokerage wallet, composed of virtual currency with which he trades, and a Token wallet. The brokerage wallet size changes with tournament performance. The token wallet will hold the users Stockus Tokens and winnings, deductible at any time.