@_author: stofke72
@_date: 2017-12-13 00:28:55
Exact same experience. I'm a fairly technical person (engineer with programming background) but couldn't get the damn thing to work.  Totally unintuitive.  Feels like something out of the '90's.  We live in 2017 and the device looks as if an old mp3 player from 1999 and an usb stick had a baby. The same unintuitive small buttons to select on a tiny screen, the reason Steve Jobs came up with the iPod and conquered that market.  
Now if it actually worked that wouldn't bother me, I didn't buy it for the intuitive design but for the coins and functionality but that seems to be the problem. The apps don't open and I could install 4 or 5 coins before it ran out of space but only after resetting the whole thing, because the Ledger manager wouldn't open.  So a reset and entering the 24 words with the 2 tiny button (sigh) and it finally opened.  That experience is something I imagine hell to be, entering 24 random words with just 2 buttons.  And don't screw up at word 20, you can restart all over again.
Installed the bitcoin app, Neo, Ethereum, digibyte, dash (out of space already), tried to open the bitcoin app, blank screen, tiny link at the bottom says contact support.
Ok support, let me get someone on the phone, it should be fixed in a couple of minutes.  What no phone number?  Ok I go through the instructions step by step all over again. Still doesn't work.   I sent an email. 
"Thank you for contacting us. We will review your request and will do our best to reply in a timely manner. 
We receive tens of thousands of tickets weekly, due to past, upcoming and cancelled forks, and due to cryptocurrencies bumping, and it can take up to several days before we can reply"
Now I understand a new small company doesn't have a huge support desk but that shouldn't be the customer's problem. 
Looks like a few days will pass before I get a reply by email and they we can start to send mails back and forth wasting more and more time on something I already dislike for the amount of time I wasted on it. 
If things are buggy between the hardware and software on installation (I suspect it's a usb and or mac related issue in my case) I'm not convinced it won't let me down in a critical situation. And having no helpdesk to call to resolve my problem is a big issue.  Imagine you have to send money to someone immediately and now you're forced to wait days till their helpdesk can sort things out via email.  Or you'd have to give up on your security to transfer it differently which totally defeats the entire purpose of having a device like this in the first place.
No I'm going straight for a refund.  I have not time or patience to deal with these sort of things.
