@_author: stonecoldpat
@_date: 2016-01-01 14:59:41
Unfortunately, we don't have plenty. We have approximately 5,500 full nodes, lets assume they let the default of 125. That's 687,500 connections the peer to peer network can handle. This may sound like a lot, but botnets tend to be significantly larger and could easily overwhelm the available connections on the network. 
@_date: 2016-01-01 15:10:16
They haven't caught on due to transaction malleability. If the channel cannot be set up safely, then it is not attractive to use. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 20:13:53
The user's pseudonymity is not compromised with the proposed solution - providing an endorsement for the refund address is not linked it to any real world identity - just the Bitcoin address that authorised the payment. I do not see how it is undesirable that the merchant is confident that he is refunding bitcoins to the same pseudonymous customer that authorised the payment. In fact, if you treat the refund address as a 'suggestion' and ask the customer to provide it using another means, then this enables the Marketplace Trader attack, outlined in the paper. 
The Payment Protocol is not an AML tool, that is correct and very important to highlight. What we propose is the merchant is provided publicly verifiable evidence that he followed the Payment Protocol faithfully - that is all. The customer is not required to provide any real-world credentials for the refund. 
i.e. the pseudonymous customer authorises the payment - and the merchant then sends the bitcoins to the refund address endorsed by the pseudonymous customer.  The endorsement provided for the refund addresses demonstrates that he acted faithfully, and the pseudonymous customer cannot deny their involvement. As well, the refund address doesn't need to be under the control of the pseudonymous customer, just endorsed by them. 
The concept of the Payment Protocol providing cryptographic receipts is already discussed in the paper as well (and the blog). We are arguing that a third piece is needed for the merchant to demonstrate he acted faithfully. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 19:30:39
I do not think you have read the paper. 
In BIP70, the refund address sent in the Payment Protocol ensures the merchant does not need to contact the customer for a refund address in the event of a dispute - as the customer should not need to handle or discuss Bitcoin addresses at all. 
This means the refund address sent is more than just a suggestion - it is the address that should be used by the merchant. If it was just a suggestion, then it would not be included in the protocol, as that is not how you design secure protocols. 
Furthermore, in the BIP, it describes that the Payment Protocol should prevent man in the middle attacks and protect the refund address while it is in transit. So I do not understand how you believe the refund address is intentionally unprotected. The problem highlighted in the paper, is that the customer becomes the man in the middle, and can plausibly deny their involvement in laundering bitcoins, as the merchant lacks any evidence that the refund address they received at the time of payment was endorsed by the customer. 
@_date: 2016-01-13 13:07:09
Most undergraduates are given this video to watch, as it is an intuitive way to demonstrate Diffie-Hellman key Exchange. However, it is not actually used in the Bitcoin protocol as such. 
An important observation is that there is a secret key a, and a public key A, such that g^a = A (mod p). 
In Key Exchange, A is given to your partner Bob to set up a shared secret. So if their credentials are g^b = B (mod p), then they can do A^b, which is g^ab (mod p). This is can only be computed by both Alice (A) and Bob (B). 
However, in digital signatures (which is used in Bitcoin), you tend to give Victor, a signed message 'e' (another way to look at it, an encrypted message 'e'), the message 'm' and your public key A. Victor can then run the verification algorithm to see if the owner of the public key 'A' has signed the message 'm'. 
@_date: 2017-03-05 16:42:53
I read that the all votes are cast in plaintext - how do you prevent people seeing the running tally? This is illegal in most countries.
How do you unlink the voter's credentials with their real-world identity? (I read this is how you are achieving privacy). 
Also - I read that you must trust your phone to compute a random number and this is broadcast to the Blockchain. End-to-end verifiable voting is more than just cast as intended, recorded as cast and tallied as recorded.... you also cannot fully trust your voting device. This link has a good article about it:
@_date: 2016-01-13 21:17:16
A structured (and strong) memo field would be preferred; Unfortunately it cannot prevent the Marketplace Trader attack if the merchant is not relying on the refund address provided in the Payment Protocol. i.e. the customer registers their details on the rogue traders website, the trader creates an account with the same details on Amazon.com, and then forwards Amazon.com's Payment Request message to the customer. Rogue trader can detect the customer's payment on the Bitcoin network and then e-mails Amazon.com a new refund address. The endorsement message is for the merchants benefit to ensure they can trust the refund address received during the Payment Protocol (and also demonstrate that they followed the Payment Protocol faithfully). 
When the customer opens their wallet with the merchant's Payment Request message, and authorises the payment. The wallet signs the Bitcoin transaction that authorises the payment, and endorses the refund address at the same time. The Payment message (which contains both the transaction and signed endorsement) is then sent to the merchant. There shouldn't be any down sides for typical usage. 
The customer puts together the message to be signed, and it is just the a normal ECDSA signature; so the private key won't be leaked and there is no danger of the customer accidently authorising another transaction. 
Thank you though for the comments
@_date: 2016-01-02 22:14:39
While node count is not supposed to be a defense to botnets specifically - the low node count does leave the network trivially vulnerable to botnets.
@_date: 2016-01-13 16:54:39
The Payment Protocol does intend to provide the merchant with the customer's correct refund address (so not just receipt of payment) and it was not known this was an insecure part of the protocol - the introduction of the paper tries to highlight that. 
It is unlikely customers will have certificates, and the design of the Payment Protocol is to avoid identity-only bitcoin addresses (and the proposed solution also aims to avoid this approach) - as customers should not need to handle bitcoin addresses at all, never mind maintain an identity-only Bitcoin address. Instead, customers should only be required to keep their wallet safe (and perhaps synced across devices). 
@_date: 2016-06-02 08:48:33
Another resource (survey paper of both duplex / lightning) is available here: 
It is possible to build a bi-directional channel, by adding lock times to the uni-directional channel... and it is arguable that both a lock timed bi-directional channel, and the simple unidirectional channel, inspires Duplex Micropayment Channels.... 
@_date: 2016-02-20 22:38:38
If you mean the memo field in the Payment Request message (which I believe you mean) - then for that to contain the refund address would require the customer to provide it in advance (perhaps using a web form). If that is the case, then that defeats the purpose of the Payment Protocol - as the customer should not be required to handle any bitcoin addresses. 
The e-mail channel is not invalid. The Payment Request message is expected to be signed using the merchant's X.509's private key (the same one used for SSL sessions). The customer's wallet can verify that the signature for the Payment Request message matches the merchant's X.509 certificate's public key. This means it does not matter what channel the Payment Request message is sent - as the customer should always be able to verify the sender's identity (in this case, a domain name such as Amazom.com, or Bitpay.com). 
@_date: 2016-02-20 21:58:12
Unfortunately, while a structured memo can help, it still does not solve the problem. 
One example is the Marketplace Trader attack - the attacker can register with the trusted third party using the same details the customer provides to them, and then the victim will get the memo they are expecting. Once the customer has sent the payment (which the attacker can detect, as they have a copy of the Payment Request message) - they can then e-mail the merchant for a refund. 
Also, the Payment Request, should not be limited based on the website the user is currently on. For example, this request can be sent via e-mail to the customer, who can then open it at their leisure to make the payment. What the research highlights - is that the merchant should have auditable evidence that the refund address received - has actually been endorsed by the same customer that authorised the payment. 
@_date: 2016-02-20 21:54:20
The problem is that BitPay do not have proof that the customer initiated the payment and that the refund address sent at the time of payment *actually* belongs to the customer. Customers using the refund address to sign a message still does not prove it belongs to them, as there is no connection between payment and refund address. So the authors recommend that the merchants are provided with this evidence - that can link the payment and refund addresses together - to publicly demonstrate (or at least to an auditor) that they faithfully followed the protocol. Today, they cannot prove they honestly followed it. 
The Marketplace Trader attack problem is to do with refund policies - so an rogue trader can set up a fake website, entice you into sending a payment using the reputation of a trusted third party, and then claim the bitcoins from the trusted third party. (i.e. they say they are working with Amazon, and you trust Amazon, you pay Amazon, and then they get your bitcoins). 
@_date: 2016-05-06 16:37:22
Netbeans in the past has worked for me 