@_author: stoned_economist
@_date: 2014-01-21 05:44:13
I think because I tipped someone dogecoin. The people in this sub are so strange, I've owned 20 BTC since $20 last April and I never come here because everyone is just so serious. Very desperate and closed minded for people who are supposed to believe in something as revolutionary as Bitcoin that had such a hard time coming up. Do you want some Doge?
@_date: 2014-01-21 06:23:47
+200 doge
I mostly don't get how they can make fun of alternative coins. Some of us remember they days when it was called Buttcoin and people like my Econ/Business professors told me to sell at $30 because it's just worthless internet money and nobody knows who "created" it...an open mind is very necessary with these new markets and technologies.
@_date: 2014-02-01 11:38:43
+50 doge
@_date: 2014-01-19 23:04:33
Wallace and Gromit reference? +100 doge
@_date: 2014-01-09 06:43:33
You should learn what Bitcoin is and then make that decision for yourself. It is not just a speculative investment or a currency.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:46:54
[Quantitative analysis of the Blockchain]( Short, readable paper with an excellent description of the chain and easily accessible mathematics.
They find that a large number of coins have probably been "lost", but it is very tough to tell what coins are being stored for later use and transaction, and what coins are truly lost. Just because a coin has not been accessed or used does not mean it is not available to the network anymore.
But most of the coins created since the start of Bitcoin are stored in addresses that have never initiated a transaction, and so are probably gone forever. The paper determined that the number is almost definitely over 5 million.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:41:09
Seconded. Markets technically have near infinie players with near infinite reasons for buying and selling. People who sell Bit think it will go down. People who buy think it will go up, as with all assets. Even those converting fiat to Bit for legitimate use think it will go up, otherwise they would spend the fiat.
@_date: 2013-04-10 17:59:09
You are so savvy techsavver. I never would have figured this out without your masterful financial analysis.
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:37:57
Agreed. Why spend my coins and buy one porsche today when I could buy two tomorrow. And with the steady inflation through mining, the price will not "pop" against lack of selling because some limited number of coins will always be available. At least for the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:22:40
Yes I too am new and skeptical of the platform, but extremely excited to see  peer-2-peer technology and the internet moving into any sector of the economy. Even if Bit is not the one, I think using blockchain history to confirm transactions is a seriously cool idea. The entire world should be that transparent, with every dollar, car, and person accounted for. But I digress.
As I stated, Bitcoin has technological problems. You cannot reverse transactions. Once you hit send, your coins are gone, and if the other person involved decides to simply walk away you cannot get your money back except by coercion or another deal. And the network is decentralized, meaning if someone attains 51% control over hashing (the process of confirming transactions by mining) they can use that power to confirm transactions that never happened and double spend their coins. Coins are also virtual, meaning they can be stolen by malicious hackers. And there are huge scaling issues; already the speed of transaction confirmation has slowed, and as more transactions need to be confirmed more miners will need to come online to handle the load.
There are also a couple serious flaws Bit has as a currency. Currently it cannot be lent or borrowed. Once coins are transferred, they are gone and trust is the only thing insuring payback. And Bit is deflationary; once all the coins are mined, demand may continue to rise, meaning that each coin will become more and more valuable. Bit can be divided like other currencies, but that limit may hypothetically be hit in some future state of the world.
@_date: 2013-04-11 06:43:29
Gox just said it was not an attack.
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:39:48
By crashing the price during a pump and dump the dumper risks losing all of their money, especially in a wildly volatile currency like Bit.
@_date: 2013-04-05 05:01:55
Please, post this chart again.
@_date: 2013-10-05 20:20:05


You aren't down voted because you've got some radical, thoughtful opinion or some insight nobody else has. You're down voted because you only address one side of the issue, and up voted by other people who only get their opinions from the financial press. You yourself are hopping on a recent press circle jerk, complaining about how people with PHDs don't "make anything anymore" as if everyone who ever got a degree in engineering went to build bridges. As if you are the only people who can identify what is "productive" and what is not, foreseeing the inevitable collapse of our economy under the weight of greedy nerds.
The book Dark Pools demonstrates very clearly that in his pursuit of a fast and accurate matching system for his exchange, Josh Levine (whiz kid creator of Island, the fastest and most liquid ECN) invented most of the methods used in distributed computing and revolutionized networking for future giants of the field like Google and IBM. He was one guy in his apartment running an exchange that was superior to ones built by hundreds of degreed computer engineers at Nasdaq and the NYSE. That's how far ahead he was. His information meant his system could handle data at quantities and speeds no one had ever gotten close to, and over time through his business dealings that information was diffused through dozens of hedge funds out to hundreds of banks and thousands of brilliant minds who applied it wherever they went after their time in finance. Do you consider IBM's server business unproductive? I can't say it wouldn't still exist, but Josh Levine definitely contributed.
Just one example of how computer science, pure math, statistics, and numerous other fields outside of finance have benefitted from its advances.
In addition, financial markets represent a complex system that is strikingly similar in behavior to systems like the weather or the development of virus populations. Benoit Mandelbrot, creator of fractal geometry, got his start studying the movement of cotton prices. (edit) The best part about finance is that we have a good quantitative record of systemic behavior, unlike the weather. That makes it a great testing ground for statistical techniques involving time, randomness, etc. Do you consider predicting the weather or understanding pathogens unproductive? All those agricultural and pharmaceutical corporations would have to disagree with you.
So finance offers a great platform for people to develop their data science skills in general, and again, they later take this same information to whatever they pursue after finance.
Also consider the general technology investment coming out of these hedge funds. In 2010 a company called Spread Networks spent $300 million building a cable to decrease data transmission time between NY and Chicago from 16 to 13 milliseconds. Wasteful, maybe, but it's an example of the billions upon billions being invested by the financial sector into computer processors, data transmission like microwave beam technology, and data storage. HFT firms invest in the same technology used by a broad variety of tech firms including Facebook (servers), Take Two (powerful desktops), and AMD (processors).
And that's not to mention the benefits provided by more efficient markets, which you obviously consider "unproductive". Trading assets costs less, prices are discovered more quickly, and resources are distributed more accurately by financial markets in general as quantitative and computerized methods become the norm. I believe the economy as a whole functions more smoothly. That's personal opinion, fine.
So sure the PHDs are not building bridges anymore, but they are investing in the technology that helps model the bridges (computer science) and developing the mathematical techniques used by physicists (applied math). They are contributing, so can you really call it "unproductive"?
In conclusion, I'm not going to say that you're 100% wrong. Maybe there was only 1 Josh Levine, and every PHD who goes into finance stays there for their entire career despite how highly unlikely that is. But I think that there is a lot more to it than just "productive" work vs. "unproductive" work because it's hard to differentiate the two.
@_date: 2013-11-09 19:26:00
What is this nonsense about the potential for economic change keeping you up at night? Everyone who trades any asset experiences this stuff, not just people speculating with Bitcoin. Money has been digital for a long, long time. The Federal Reserve of the United States performs open market operations and "prints" money ($89 billion every month) using commands issued from a single desktop computer in a back room at the New York Fed. They go into bank accounts, and remove mortgage backed securities and add dollars.
Like I said, any person trading any asset exhibits the same behaviors (loss aversion, constantly checking prices, etc.). It is the hope you will make money versus the fear of losing money, both very powerful emotions.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:12:46
Fine. I am only working with the information I have and in my experience it is next to impossible, but good luck.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:46:41
It is called chance. You get lucky, and you don't just get lucky, you have a sustained period of luck. In economics they like to point out that mutual fund managers often experience the same thing, but they call it skill. They flip a coin 10 or 20 times, get heads every time, and then write books about how good at coin flipping they are. Look, everyone else got tails at some point but not me!
Keep flipping, you'll see.
@_date: 2013-11-10 03:17:43
20 year old college student with only 10 coins checking in, the rush is real. I use Mt. Gox and 350 to 305 to 350 was the most epic yet.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:45:59
The idea behind Bitcoin is that there is no trusted third party who controls the creation or flow of money.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:14:47
Here is the [paper by Satoshi Nakamoto]( I do not understand the cryptographic math, but I understand that in a traditional banking system a third party is always necessary to initiate chargebacks and confirm transfers. This allows the bank to sometimes help consumers; if your money is stolen or you do not receive the correct amount, the bank can fix that because it has the power. But that also means the bank can falsely take away or freeze your money. The bank can lose your money through bad investments. And so banks have the power to both help and hinder economic transactions over the internet. Satoshi believes they can be removed without serious negative consequences, and that a peer-2-peer system will actually be more trustworthy than a bank or government. Anonymity is also a big deal, since a bank requires full records of every person who owns an account. Bitcoin does not.
Virtual currencies can also often times be double spent. Because your money is just code, you can send the same code twice and create fake currency. With Bitcoin, every transaction is irreversible and coins cannot be double spent because the network confirms the first spending.
And with currencies where a third party controls the flow of money, you get problems like inflation (government printing), fractional reserve inflation (bank printing), deflation, and currency wars for trade. These are serious flaws that result from allowing a group of supposedly "elite" and yet obviously fallible human beings to control the creation and flow of money rather than a network of honest and decentralized nodes. 
Bitcoin is a decentralized bank as I understand. It has flaws as well, like not being able to reverse mis-typed transactions. The network can be attacked, allowing double spending, and your coins are not really secure unless in cold storage. But in my opinion these are negligible; as with any free market enterprise, the users must be vigilant. You are responsible for your own coins and financial well being, not a third trusted party. That is in fact a benefit in my opinion.
That is only my most basic and honestly uninformed understanding, anyone is free to add or point out bad statements.
@_date: 2013-03-24 18:22:01
Only once I started making money...
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:30:51
In my opinion lag adds to volatility, not detracts from it. As Mt.Gox, you couldn't guarantee that it would stop a wave of sell orders. In fact it may do just the opposite and spur people into selling "before it drops" or whatever.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:33:29
Game theory assumes rational actors. Personally I believe rationality still explains why "bad things" happen. It is perfectly rational to buy Bitcoin just because it is going up, for example, attempting to sell on a high. Bubbles and other "bad economics" can be rational phenomena.
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:36:59
I agree. The primary intent of Bitcoin is to remove third parties (banks) who have to confirm and can reverse any transaction.
@_date: 2013-04-03 06:26:20
In my opinion there is fundamental strength to BTC, but the recent rise is mostly speculation.
As you and everyone else has posed the question there are two ways to play it; either Bit is a bubble, or Bit is a new currency ready to replace the multi-billion dollar market share of PayPal, Western Union, etc. If anyone had the answer, they would either put everything they have into Bit or everything they have into shorting it. But obviously no one has near-perfect information in this case except Satoshi Nakamoto, and even if they did they probably do not have the liquidity to stand against this storm of sheeple speculation and media hype. Determining the "true price" of an asset would technically be worth as much money as the market would pay for that information, or infinite dollars.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:56:58
Exactly. Gox is not the problem. Thousands of panicing and scared speculators is what has caused all of this. People rush to the exchanges and all hit "sell" at once, an excellent example of how rational individuals (I need to sell before crash) can create irrational behavior (selling causes crash and losses) as a herd.
@_date: 2013-04-12 16:58:13
That was not a "life and its infinite possibilities" answer, it was a technically correct one. Every single player has different price points, different information, and different emotions. Every player has a different reason for buying or selling. Sure, lots are just "buying to hold" and waiting for it to go up. But perhaps its a guy who put his life savings in and will sell at the first panic. Perhaps its a hedge funder with a spare million who will sell at a certain percentage. What about the Bit die hard who has turned all his or her cash into Bit and won't sell no matter the price.
I did not mean that as a "meaning of life" thing, from what I learned in finance class markets technically have near-infinite players and most of the funds who try to analyze demographics or the emotional intent of players lose. I have never, ever heard of a successful analysis of all market players that lead to any meaningful conclusion.
For example, analyzing only one demographic can be misleading. Sure, most Bit users are just speculators. But they own a tiny percentage of Bitcoins. It only takes one guy with ten thousand Bitcoins or a million dollars to offset all of their collective buying and selling. Another reason why I believe analyzing demographic groups is useless.
@_date: 2013-04-09 16:23:30
A hard time counting all the money they are making, yes.
@_date: 2013-04-10 07:19:49
That is not a good video. They describe mining as "like mining precious metals out of a virtual mine" instead of "confirming transactions for the network". No wonder people are confused. They mention nothing about the block chain, a full history of every transaction...the media so far does not understand at all.
@_date: 2013-03-23 22:49:36
Lots of opinions OP. I know technical analysts would say [look at a chart]( they always do. The equilibrium trading range was around 50, but it broke up and although there had been fast previous growth, it went parabolic up to 74.9. Some people believe the market is correcting back down to 50, and from there will follow the previous uptrend. They'll tell you to look at indicators like the [MACD or Stochastic]( to try to predict upcoming breaks from the new 60 level.
Some fundamental analysts would argue for the same underlying trend recently broken by a parabolic buy and sell-off from 50 up to 70 and back (possible classic pump and dump in which one buyer buys a large block, waits for others to buy in, then sells on the new high), but they would tell you to look less at charts and more at the long term with [rising numbers of new transactors]( or [increasing days destroyed]( CoinLab (backed by the Silicon Valley Investment bank) has yet to fully come online, and popularity as measured by internet buzz (Major News, Google, Wikipedia) is growing. Some exchanges and Bit-based businesses report increasing transaction volumes and demand.
You could be right about the miners, because although [the difficulty]( of mining has spiked, so has [revenue]( with the parabolic price spike. Hard to look at those accounts full of coins when the price hits a nice round number like $75 and accounts start looking like $X0000000 (or whatever currency).
Then there are the most daring bulls who think [the big dip]( last night was the major selloff, and the market has been tending down only on low liquidity; when Monday hits, banks will be open, and the price will break back up to the now "safe" levels of 70 and beyond.
Of course there are plenty on the other side who believe Bit itself is a massive bubble of speculation founded on low "legitimate" transaction (use of Bit Coin to buy goods and services) and mostly people waiting for new highs. They see a legendary sell off coming on Monday like in 2011; the bottom could be 40, 20, or 0.
Some economists would tell you this is no different from previous bubbles in wheat, gold, tulips, etc.; commodities bubble and fall, businesses cycle, all of that.
Bit Die Hards would tell you they are long to 1000. Bit is the next Google, the next Wheel, the end of fiat currencies controlled by deranged and incompetent sovereign nations. Imagine getting out of Google at 50, or 100, or 200, while the price now sits at 800. With the various crisis in the Euro Zone, inflation threatening the US, and 2008 fresh in peoples minds this argument is not to be taken too lightly although personally I'm not a believer.
Again economists would say there are many players with many reasons.
Edit: Personally I got in at 38 on the dip from 40, sold at 73, bought at 61 thinking it was the bottom and I'm long to $100 because I think Bit has a lot of room left both fundamental and speculative.
Edit 3/24: To update, the most daring bulls were right and we have broken up to 70 from the new 60 level. The epic selloff expected of a bubble has not come yet, with one day until the banks re-open. Monday and Tuesday might be big days, look for new highs or new lows. Say goodbye to your money and hold on to your honey, 
Edit 3/27: There was no second dip, no dips at all...and as of now the price stands at 89. From here who knows where the top is although there could be a big dip at $100, nice round number. Remember what it feels like being that guy who sold Google at 100, 200. We are doing $10 a day and one really major selloff will trigger the bear's run right off the cliff. Massive support at $50 even if it goes though, I am still long.
Edit 4/2: Price now stands at 109. Complete and total insanity. 400% in one month. The greatest question of all still haunts us; is there legit demand for Bit. The short term speculators are trying to call tops, and sadly, will end up pushing mops. The die hards still believe Bit could replace fiat currencies, and now that I understand the blockchain better it is very cool technology. Still not that cool. Either way I am still long. Plenty of the following to come: 
1.) Speculation and media fuel.
2.) Fundamental room to grow in use.
3.) Pure sheeple hype.
Edit 4/5: Is there a top...no. Price at $144. Did I get weak and sell a few coins? Yes. Did I buy back in at a profit on the dip? Yes. Will I get weak again? Never.  is understatement, I am all in. The above analysis still stands, Bit might bubble and crash to some new low. But for now this baby has plenty of steam and it is *going*.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:14:19
They will still take your money if you want to give it to them. Better to let customers get frustrated for a few days than let all that demand go to some other company.
@_date: 2013-04-02 07:57:42
[Clark Moody's]( site.
A clean, adjustable chart that updates real time as well as a depth chart presented in the form of an order book. The order book updates real time as well. Easily my favorite site for watching the market.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:15:28
That's just one problem with the "planned panic to buy cheap" theory. It's impossible to tell where the bottom would be, and it took almost 2 years from the previous crash before the price started rising again significantly. That is a very, very risky play for anyone with the power or resources to "plan" a crash. Highly unlikely. Much more likely the crash was caused by panic after the parabolic run up.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:01:56
Yes. As I typed that I was wondering what kind of data we will get out of the past few days. Did any of those long dormant Bitcoins move during the sell off?