@_author: stoneysm
@_date: 2015-06-05 20:42:03
Rand Paul is a teaparty shill.  Also, bitcoins are already unregulated and tax free...way to keep up the good fight though Rand!
@_date: 2014-08-05 16:12:25
Really whether or not the warrant was deficient may be immaterial to Ross' challenge in the first place. If he is claiming that he is not the DPR then he has no property interest in the servers that were hacked and therefore has no standing to raise a Fourth Amendment challenge.  Second, while this article is poorly written and makes a number of mistatements about the law, it seems like Ross' claim is not so much that the feds did not have a warrant, but that their warrant was defective because it was a general warrant and not particularized.  This argument is also going to be a loser because of the good faith exception to the warrant requirement.
@_date: 2014-02-20 23:28:29
You're right in the sense that is a fraud on investors, but it is not a fraud on the market. In fact, it is introducing new and relevant information on the market and therefore acts as a correction, making markets more efficient. 
@_date: 2014-10-15 15:21:18
Which is why bringing suit in Nevada may make more sense, they certainly have jurisdiction, and as a basic UCC issue I think these e-mails alone would make a strong case in their favor.
@_date: 2015-05-21 17:15:38
Yeah I'm sure you would totally do that...bro.
@_date: 2015-05-07 17:21:29
If you aren't using the consequences of the innovation to measure it's significance than what measuring stick do you propose?  It seems to me that the natural conclusion of your argument is that your claim that bitcoin is the most significant financial innovation in 1000 years is pre-mature. You're essentially attempting to predict the effect that bitcoin will have on the financial realm long before it can truly be ascertained simply based on the technology's properties, which while they may give you some indicator of its importance, I don't think are truly an indicator of what its impact may be.
@_date: 2015-05-21 17:59:53
Doesn't make it any more credible. I've yet to see one person asserting this position show any evidence supporting a "government coverup." I also find these assertions somewhat offensive as I personally know quite a few us attorneys and they are generally people of great integrity who would be horrified at the idea of utilizing manufactured evidence to secure a conviction. 
@_date: 2015-05-22 02:15:16
Look, you're not going to get me to argue that the war on drugs ISN'T a massive failure, it obviously is.  But people in this thread are trying to mythologize this guy as some kind of symbol, when all I see is another drug dealer and murderer.  People here relate to him more because he's a white kid with a keyboard instead of a brown or black man with a gun, but it's all the same at the end of the day.  Based on your comment, I think we might be in agreement here, but in my mind he represents exactly the kind of criminal element we should be attempting to get out of the drug game by legalizing and regulating drugs.  That doesn't mean he shouldn't be prosecuted though, if he's guilty of the things he's accused of, especially the attempted murders, I think he should be convicted and serve just like any other drug dealer.  All this blather about how he revolutionizes the black market, and makes drug dealing safer is garbage.  People like to highlight his libertarian philosophy or whatever and act like it justifies his actions, but at the end of the day, I think that's a delusion meant to cover the fact that he's a guy out to make a buck just like anyone else. Sure silk road allowed white suburban kids a market for drugs they would otherwise have to go to the inner city to score, but it also gives anyone with access to the internet access to the most dangerous of drugs, including children, or young teenagers who aren't exactly known for the best judgment.  At the end of the day I see nothing noble in what he's done, it's just another example of black market capitalism.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:03:34
That would be a violation of his constitutional right to a speedy trial and will not happen.  The real reason for separating the two is the difficulty in proving the two separate offenses to a jury, and the fact that the solicitation charges now seem to center on the testimony of a corrupt DEA agent (and despite assertions to the contrary, the corruption of the DEA agent in no way has any bearing on whether Ulbricht is guilty of soliciting murder, only the agent's credibility as a witness).
@_date: 2015-05-22 01:18:52
Look I get it, this guy is some kind of personal hero of yours or whatever and you don't want him to be guilty . All I'm saying is those documents alone, assuming they're authentic, are enough to establish his guilt of solicitation and attempted murder. Maybe something will come out casting doubt on their veracity, you're right that there's probably a lot of evidence we know nothing about yet, but until that evidence comes out, Mr ulbricht looks very guilty at this point and assuming the government fabricated them with no evidence to support it is kind of silly imo. 
@_date: 2015-05-21 17:13:57
Just so long as you realize that your belief that "Ross was framed" is only based on your own crackpot theories and no actual evidence whatsoever beyond your own stited musings on how the justice system actually operates.
@_date: 2015-05-20 21:36:20
Murder is considered intrinsically immoral by almost every society in history?  I guess you don't believe that he tried to hire hitmen to off potential problems in his organization though?
@_date: 2015-05-21 20:35:44
Those "lines of text on a screen" are exactly what's needed to secure a conviction against Ulbricht for attempted murder and solicitation.  This may be hard to wrap your head around, but the fact that the DEA agent was corrupt is a separate issue from whether Ulbricht attempted to hire someone to murder people.  You're right in the sense that the DEA's agent corruption introduces some credibility issues, his testimony is less believable because he is allegedly guilty of a crime of dishonesty, and thus it will be harder to secure a conviction against Ulbricht.  However, as long as it can be shown that Ulbrict did in fact request that the corrupt DEA agent (and others as I understand the story from the recent Wired article) murder someone, he has committed attempted murder and solicitation regardless of the DEA agent's corruption in other matters.  In that sense, those "lines of text" themselves are credible proof of the crime unless it can be shown that they are forgeries, and the DEA agent's corruption alone is not admissible evidence of that fact.
@_date: 2015-05-01 19:09:29
Punitive damages are not allowed in relation to contract breach and even liquidated damages clauses (which this is) are usually disfavored/unenforceable in some jurisdictions.  Even at 25K this clause is probably unenforceable in some cases.
@_date: 2015-05-21 17:21:52
glad you're an expert on analyzing Ross' writing, sounds credible to me and not like a silly biased judgment at all.
@_date: 2015-05-21 18:04:37
You're right, it's just that now that the attempted murder charges center on tainted evidnece, the prosecution is less likely to secure a conviction.
@_date: 2015-05-21 17:21:10
The evidence was not procured by the corrupt DEA agent, he was arrested by a separate FBI taskforce, that did not work with Agent Force throughout its investigation.
@_date: 2015-05-07 17:13:24
I don't think adding a subjective value judgment to the equation all of a sudden makes it the more important innovation.  Impact, for better or worse, is the measure of an innovation's significance.  For instance, there's no doubting that the atomic bomb has had a large impact on society, but you can't really say that impact is all good or bad (and what's good or bad depends on where you're sitting in reference to the invention) it just is.  
@_date: 2011-06-09 23:04:21
and that is something I hadn't considered, new investors willing to bet in to prop up the market.  However, how many of these bright eyed investors do you think will be willing to buy in if this drop happens suddenly and precipitously as it very well may happen?  To me that kind of investment seems like throwing money down the drain, though it will probably be exactly that kind of investment that would be required to keep the market afloat.
@_date: 2011-06-09 18:35:45
I feel like much of the discussion in this thread focuses too heavily on whether or not early adapters are taking risk or not with the adoption of bitcoin without anyone taking much time in looking at whether or not the pitfalls Mr. Cohen pointed out are viable.  I for one am more inclined to add weight to the word of an economist when it comes to the pitfalls of an economic instrument over the word of the software developer who put it together.  What's more is this "rebuttal" seems to lack substance in a lot of areas; it seems like he denies any of the issues Cohen brings up without giving us any kind of real reason why these points aren't valid.  
@_date: 2011-06-09 23:48:37
I certianly hope that is the case.  As i've said earlier I find the concepts behind bitcoin very intriguing and I really do think the idea of a virtual currency not tied to any bank to be one with a lot of idealistic merit at the very least.  However, being a pessimist, and from what I've read, I just seem to feel that BC is too volatile to last long-term especially considering it's going to have to butt-heads with the establishment (a point neither author really addresses) long before it becomes established in its own right.
@_date: 2011-06-09 22:32:40
It's not so much a problem with any of Garzik's points as it is that he address Cohen's argument piecemeal without tackling the main point.  The way I understand it (and I don't know a lot about economics), Cohen's overall argument is this.  Bitcoin is first and foremost an extremely volatile financial instrument (this isn't so much an opinion as it's rapid growth reveals it as such) that is going through a process of rapid deflation and speculation which is making it's value sky rocket right?  Which seems nice (for people with lots of BC) until you look at the underlying problems that Cohen points out.  One the convertability problem isn't just one of being able to exchange bitcoin for other currencies (which is the only point Garzik contends with in this respect) it also needs to have value that can be exchanged easily for other real world goods and services, and while I realize that more and more places are beginning to accept bitcoin and that you could convert it to cash and then buy said goods/services, I think this underlines the fact that the speculative value of BC is not in line with its real world value.   Now when a commodity's (which let's be honest BC is more of a commodity then a currency) speculative value is out of line with it's real world value it creates a bubble that is bound to burst at some point.  And Cohen's real major point is that when that bubble bursts there isn't going to be anyone around to pick up the pieces (the major disadvantage of having a 'decentralized currency').  Think the great depression, a small dip in BC's value leads people to start bailing selling off their BC stock before it drops further, this in turn dips the value more and causes more people to dump theirs which in turn makes the value drop even more leading to a major crash.  At this point BC no longer holds any value at all, and who's going to come in to pick up the pieces? being a decentralized currency there's no one to guarantee that it will retain any kind of value.
Disclaimer:  Anyway that's my understanding of the situation.  I'm in no way an expert, or even well-versed in economics so I'd love to have someone more knowledgable than myself to come along and explain any errors in my understanding.  Most of the information I have regarding BC is simply because I find it to be a very intriguing social and economic experiment that I'm trying to keep abreast of.
Edit:  I'd also like to point out that I don't think that bitcoins is a scam by any means.  I truly believe the founders and early adopters of bc did so because of high-minded ideals and the fact that they benefit more from the currency then later adapters is fair since their the ones who put in the initial leg work to bring bc to the point it's at today.