@_author: stopmakigsense
@_date: 2018-01-21 17:40:50
My friend has what is deemed a high-risk business by Visa or MasterCard standards. He absolutely loves having Bitcoin as an option. He does not see it as troublesome and he uses traditional processing and accepts e-checks. He has transactions time out but not at a higher fail rate than the processor, who deals with high risk. 
Today it may not be ready to be used on a smartwatch to check out at the gas station but he is telling me every day how I missing out on customers by not having it. He may also be part of the problem because he treats them like $2.00 bills or pure silver dollars and he takes them and puts them away and replaces them with regular money. 
PayPal's initial merchant solution wasn't really all that great and had legions of merchants that would list all of the things wrong and how much they sucked. They still scaled. There are a lot of merchants that fall off the grid and want to do regular business. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:55:58
If you own it higher these are the times to get that cost average down. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:03:04
I think the letter they sent today is really why they suck. They are telling people because demand and value is high that things will take longer, won't be stable etc. They are trying. If Chase sent this out they would be slaughtered. The value needs to be able to scale and saying the price or too many people want to buy it and they can't keep up is either a Bitcoin problem or a Coinbase problem. Pretty alarming if you ask me. 
FROM Coinbase:
We at Coinbase couldn’t be more excited by the explosion of interest in digital currencies. The last few weeks has seen an unprecedented increase in the price of digital currencies. More people are engaging with our platform than ever and that bodes well for the future of the digital currency. At the same time, it does create extreme volatility and stress on our systems. We take this very seriously and wanted to share some important thoughts.
We’re continuing to invest heavily to scale our platform
Over the course of this year we have invested significant resources to increase trading capacity on our platform and maintain availability of our service. We have increased the size of our support team by 640% and launched phone support in September. We have also invested heavily in our infrastructure and have increased the number of transactions we are processing during peak hours by over 40x.
There may be downtime which can impact your ability to trade
Despite the sizable and ongoing increases in our technical infrastructure and engineering staff, we wanted to remind customers that access to Coinbase services may become degraded or unavailable during times of significant volatility or volume. This could result in the inability to buy or sell for periods of time. Despite ongoing increases in our support capacity, our customer support response times may be delayed, especially for requests that do not involve immediate risks to customer account security. You can read more in our Coinbase User Agreement.
Be an educated investor
We also wanted to remind customers of some of the risks associated with trading digital currency. Digital currencies are volatile and the prices can go up and down. Due to the rapidly changing price of digital currencies, some customers may not have sell limits that are sufficient relative to the value of total digital currency they are storing on Coinbase. Sell limits are one of the many measures Coinbase takes to protect client accounts and assets.
As a proactive measure, we encourage customers to check the following items on their accounts:
Ensure your email address is properly receiving all communications and notifications from Coinbase. To learn more about ensuring email delivery, please refer to this support article.
Ensure your two-factor authentication is updated and functional. If you have recently switched mobile devices, your two-factor authentication needs to be properly migrated to the new device. In addition, please migrate from SMS two factor to Google Authenticator to enhance the security on your account, if you have not already done so. To learn more about two-factor authentication, please refer to this FAQ.
Familiarize yourself with your buy and sell limits. They can be found here.
Complete any pending identity verifications. During times of significant volatility, ID verification may become degraded or unavailable. To learn more about identity verification on Coinbase, please refer to this FAQ.
Expect payments to take the maximum number of days indicated when making a deposit or withdrawal.
Stay up to date
We will continue to update customers for our website, our status page, in our apps, via email, on our blog and on Twitter.
We will keep you informed
We are committed to safety, security and transparency. We are working tirelessly to provide the best service and support but we can’t promise perfection during the periods of extraordinary demand. We will continue to do our best to keep our customers informed.
Thank you,
The Coinbase Team
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:33:55
As a married man, all I see is "You must have put the wrong address in!" to which I respond, "NO, Waze auto-filled the address and Waze knows, have faith."
We are both right because sometimes the moon is off to the side:)
@_date: 2017-08-11 14:32:48
Did we not just see the value? The stock market tanked on fears of North Korea conflict. Bitcoin hit a new high. It was not sucked into the conflict. 
@_date: 2017-08-17 15:00:03
Yes Big Thick Co$k Porn to be exact
@_date: 2017-11-02 04:56:01
I think the getting in before the split gives you a faster return. You can cost average down if it dips.
@_date: 2017-11-26 04:58:51
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:00:03
A lot of businesses are built of transaction fees. The real question is will it be trading enough. I would guess that a lack of liquidity would make any price not real. On the other hand if all coins were mined and supply was low, demand was high the value or PPC would be pretty high and if you had the ability to shop and use these coins as currency you have a profit center. Even if the value of the coin was 12,000 your overall market value would be huge and clipping those tickets could be very profitable. Especially if you are a large scale miner like Mcafee. 
In the traditional payments world it is better to be First Data vs Large card processor (i went to wrote names but they own most). Processors get merchants, card issuers get card holders all conducting virtual currency and the amount of debt available to consumers has to have a cap and the more they use this digital currency the more danger our economy gets in. Processaor and Issuer push to get use of cards at terminals from fees. Transaction fees, gateway fees and more. They are a fee-based business and sold around fee. These transactions are pushed through gateways and merchant processors to banks for settlement. This is the level First Data operates at. For the above to work FDC is a clearinghouse. I have been out of the space for some time but they are the real processor and they touch 8--96% of the credit card transactions in the US and maybe the world. If they were hacked and that system was taken offline you would see chaos. To make it seem less like an oligarch business (was spun out to avoid looking like one) they do JV's. Wachovia Merchant Services was a First Data JV, Wells Fargo Merchant Services executives have two business cards (FDC and Wells) as it too is a JV. CardService Intl owned or JV with them. First Data makes money from fees on transactions that they did not generate, that they did not solicit, that they can reject or push forward, that the risk is on the merchant or customer and they still get paid. If that is not the first BTC I do not know what is.
When we were working in this space we had a guy Ken and he told me that the issue with these banks is the same issue for the internet. They were built for a smaller scale solution. More like a PTN or Intranet vs the Information Super Highway. The system was unsecured because of this. You just need to sit outside the security walls and pull data from the pipes. and you could have card numbers of most consumers. The fix to this system would require a series of intelligent nodes (sound familiar? I had this conversation in 2001) These nodes working in concert with other unknown nodes could securely transport data, financial data and speed up the path for approval (people bitch about BTC times but a real credit card transaction takes a day or so, it is not instant as it may appear to the users of that system. They use rolling reserves and your deposits to make that seem like it settles fast. Even e-check might settle but if the check bounces they get the funds back from end receiver or merchant) the nodes can compile the data when the transaction home reaches where it is supposed to land. This on a whiteboard freaked a lot of Card Service executives out and made First Data excited. They would need capture points and could charge more fees and wipe out the middle. What you have with the blockchain is the ability to use the chain for other uses. Maybe Bitcoin is not the currency for a silkroad but the concept is on the money. Meaning in a drug deal violence happens in the meetup. But a crypto blockcian or PTN takes a lot of the risk away. Ross had that part right, but fiucked it up with murder for hire. One of the things that Ken's idea could solve is the billion dollar purchases. Say you need 14 boeing 737's as Air France, You have a 1 billion dollar invoice and these transactions are usually done in boxes where one thing triggers the release. Escrow if you would. There is also the market that PayPal was trying to service. They wanted to make money on the float of micro transactions. I lost a bet, here is $5.00. Thanks for bringing in that Hickory Farms for jim everyone PaPal you 10.00. A very hard thing to do when you are funding the accounts and people are not used to doing it. Now they are and PayPal has Venmo etc. There are billions in micro transactions that happen. At some point what is being built here can answer a lot of the questions above because it was buitl with the common component, people. In Merchant Services we are close to American Express. We have higher fees because we bring you a community of shoppers. 
TLDR; Supply vs Demand. The current system we live in is not too different from Bitcoin. We deposit checks that the money amount is pulled electronically from one account to yours. You are given cards and ways to pay so you do not access that money and the banks use that money to make money. We live in a limitless virtual currency where the value of the dollar has only declined over time because no supply vs demand. Bitcoin will be healthy AF after it is fully mined. 