@_author: stoplyingplease123
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:30:44
You can't claim it happened.  How on earth can you reddit reader claim to know "it happened". Fuck off.  First off it's an anonymous fucking service on an account that was known to have multiple owners.  Second off the whole investigation was pretty corrupt.  The main dude on the case was found guilty of stealing a bunch of money.  No way that upstanding guy couldn't have edited data from the server he had full access too in order to make his case.  Also why were the charges dropped?  If it was such a slam dunk, dear reddit user, why not prosecute him for murder?  
Maybe just maybe it's because the media narrative blasted into every home of america of "Online drug kingpin, sets up murder plot, the ebay of hitman, literally can fucking buy nukes for 1 dollar"
Sounds a whole lot better than
Hippie kid starts a website where at first you can sell anything but then it gains some popularity and he makes it against the rules to sell anything that could harm someone, including fucking credit card numbers.  
If you tell the real story of hey holy shit you could actually buy/sell drugs online and not be worried about getting murdered or robbed?  Wait you could know what you were buying was the weight and potency it was supposed to be, greatly reducing overdoses?  Hold on they are actually cheaper than on the street reducing drug related theft?  That isn't the conclusion they want you to come to.  So they charge him with it.  Drop it before it even goes to trial.  And every dope from here to there is going to convict him of it because they read a few articles on it and totally know he did it.
@_date: 2017-05-23 10:07:08
It's insane the amount of misinformation people just spew on this subject.  I always tell people for a while you could make a listing for anything. There was a big difference between something being listed and something being bought.  There was at no point a hitman with a sold listing or positive review.  They were all most likely scams and super expensive.  (60KUSD?) Guns were sold for a while but eventually you couldn't sell anything that could bring harm to someone.  Including credit cards or identities.  There was a vendor who made fake coupons that even got some heat.  Which is like the pussiest shit ever.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 21:17:39
@_date: 2017-05-23 09:54:56
This is a lie.  It's repeated everywhere and it's not true.  An important thing to remember is anyone could create a listing on silk road for anything.  There is a vast difference from a listing existing and something being sold.  I can make a craigslist ad selling the international space station but doesn't mean I have it.  During some period in silk roads infancy there was a few weapons for sale on there.  I used to browse the listings and reviews quite often on everything on silk road.  The guns were all very over priced and there was never ever a vendor with more than 2 positive reviews.  In fact I would be willing to bet my life that less than 100 guns were sold on the site. But if id have to guess for a million dollars i'd say something like 17.  Never at any point did the site have a reviewed hitman.  I remember seeing a few listings ever for "murder for hire" and they were like 60k USD.  No one is going to send 60 thousand dollars of untrackable anonymous currency to an anonymous person.  If they did it seems 99% or more than likely it would be a scam.     During the last 2 years when it truly blew up you couldn't sell anything at all that was meant to harm someone.  Not even stolen identities.  I remember at one point ricin was for sale from a fairly popular vendor and his account was permanently banned.  
I don't think Russ Ulbricht was some hero or saint.  He was a genius for sure.  It's impossible to say how much of the stuff he said about wanting to help people was true.  Many people bought into it.  I was always skeptical it kinda seemed like marketing to me.  The dude made a drug empire online in 4 years that rivaled some of the biggest cartels on earth.  The net effect of him was certainly positive.  For the first time in earths history people had access to safe, peer reviewed, lab tested illegal drugs. 