@_author: storm_force
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:35:27
I am sceptical for a number of reasons. I'd like to see how your system deals with the following:
1) Division of labour
People are different and they are better at different things. Some people aren't very good at standing up for themselves, whilst others can be very assertive. I don't see this being functionally changed by everyone owning a weapon. Are you suggesting that people have to be trained to all be equally assertive?
Do you think that all people are going to want to be constantly vigilant regarding their security? Won't it be easier for people to have others take care of this for them?
2) Organisation of force
A disciplined and organised group of people can defeat a larger unorganised force. There are countless examples of this in history. If some people group together with the sole intention of gaining more power and form a disciplined unit I can't see how they would be stopped, except by a similarly formed group.
Are you suggesting that people will instinctively look out for the common good and band together to repress these groups?
3) Arms race
Let's say that we all have modern guns. I am very good with my bitcoins and buy myself a tank. I use this to boss my neighbours about as they can't do anything with their current weaponry. 
My neighbours somehow get some bitcoins together and all buy tanks. I buy a helicopter. Is this a completely unrealistic scenario? 
Should we expect to live in a world where we all live in individual fortresses, only coming out with heavy armament? 
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:49:03


Do you have a source for this? I am more inclined to believe that it was the rise of the merchant class. There certainly wasn't widespread ownership of firearms in 1600, or in fact at any point in early modern Europe.
@_date: 2013-11-14 17:46:59
Thank you for this.


Yes, it was mostly the extortion / racketeering I was talking about. I sympathise a bit on the illegal markets.


I think I meant 'war' in the sense of strife, into which I would include extortion. I realise that I'm not defining this very precisely, but I'd rather elect my extorter.


I think I had previously assumed that it did, or at least a powerful backer.
instant thoughts:
common law - didn't this evolve under a feudal system?
xeer - this seems to have emerged over time, with widespread respect for the institution of xeer. Perhaps not something we can just implement?
But I don't know enough of the basics of any of these systems to cogently argue about them or their implementation. And you're right, this is a deviation from the main point of my question. Thanks for the tips - I'll do some reading.


This is the crux I think. It is a very important addition to your argument.
Are you saying that we can exist peacefully without government *if and only if* we have widespread ownership of firearms?
If that is the case, I would say that *power accretes*. My instinct is that complete distribution of power is unstable and that we would end up with blocs forming for whatever arbitrary reason. These blocs grow bigger, until we end up back in feudalism again with local strongmen.
I'm happy to change my mind on this, but it is a significant addition to your argument I think.
@_date: 2013-11-14 14:23:50


I'm curious about this. How does defunding governments bring about peace?
What about mafia / organised crime? We don't fund them and they exist. Wouldn't they become bigger in a world without some government holding the monopoly on force?
Basically, I see elected governments being replaced by unelected strongmen. Am I missing the point?
I'm genuinely curious and open to a new perspective on this.
@_date: 2013-11-14 19:40:54


The US, Switzerland and Finland all have strong governments. I don't think Syria would be much different because the government still has helicopters, nerve gas, bombs, missiles and tanks. Some of the population side with the government and I think gun ownership would just increase the size of the fighting forces.
There might be reduced civilian fallout but I'm not sure because it is a very dynamic system and nowhere near the equilibrium that you are describing for a society at peace.