@_author: stratobitz
@_date: 2015-12-29 07:25:04
Never had a problem with Bitmixer.io   I've used a quite a number of times and always had correct payouts even when I sent in quite large btc inputs. 
However if this is true I must say it's highly disconcerting. I could see their point of view; but really; if you have no relationship with bitmixer in terms of "business venture"; I would think they would see to do the right things; realize a 30 BTC random donation was in fact a mistake by a "customer", and do right by returning the entire amount. Donating 30% of the 30BTC - which would be 10 BTC-  to me seems highly unfair. Good customer service to me; would be that they return the entire amount, and allow YOU the customer decide based on their handling of this matter, and that they quickly resolved the issue and refunded the monies; send in a donation if you see fit. 
I wouldn't have offered that. I'd respectfully request the mistake be corrected. Full refund. And allow you to donate back for being such a great company. Period. 
A $4500 "fine"; by a customer who simply made a simple mistake. They suffered no loss. And if they truly believe that a random person just on a whim donated $14,000 for fun to a mixer site. They are not seeing clearly nor are they looking at the bigger picture. 
Sad to hear this.
@_date: 2015-12-29 08:01:52
Yea, I've gone through my black socks already, I did like 120 and 240... so I'm left with the whites. Next time I'll do 360 of each just to be safe. Here's a photo of the whites... not too hard to match... and easy to chose which ones to wear when I go athletic. Jesus I spend to much. 
@_date: 2015-12-28 10:31:30
Well we're looking at roughly a 13% increase in difficulty in less than 3 days due to the higher than expected blocks solved. It may drop a bit as the average solve rate will adjust into the overall blocks found for the period.  
With serious mining farm players in the market, I think we may likely see deliberate manipulation of difficulties by those operators. 
An example would be for one of the handful of super farms to add a large amount of hashpower to their mining setup. This would result in blocks being found at a rate faster than expected as the difficulty would not adjust for perhaps many days. 
The next difficulty stage would thus be at a much higher rate; which could in turn force some "other" super farms - competitors if you will - to cease operations due to a myraid of reasons... but the reason I would see as most likely would be electric rates / season / geographic location. 
I would imagine a lot of the large - very large farms are mortgaged. Meaning their mining operation was financed; which means monthly payments; lease payments on the space; employees; and all the other costs of running such an operation.
With a huge jump in difficulty; for some it would become a lose lose scenario. Mining at a loss. The miners would shut down their systems, but they would still have bills to pay. 
Enough of this back and forth pushing and pulling I would imagine would cause the bottom line to be in real jeopardy. 
Secondly; if a super farm - in addition to manipulating hash power; also at the same time had the BTC bankroll to hedge itself and crash the price of BTC (in the grand scheme of things it really doesnt take much); that would compound the profitablity problem. 
Increase difficulty. Crash the price of BTC, or put substantial downward pressure. And now all of the sudden the overall hashpower of the BTC network drops like a rock. 
The reason we are seeing over the past month or so a change in the difficulty trend compared to the year as a whole; is the price of BTC. 
At $400+ a coin even S3+ units are all of the sudden profitable to operate. 
@_date: 2015-12-30 04:20:22
I personally have saved 1000s on Purse.io.  I havent used it in a while; I'm not sure if they still allow the "name your own discount". But back when I used it, you could literally say 50% which is what I did. Some of my wishlists were $1000+. They may have taken 4-5 weeks to fill, but I was able to buy say for example $2500 worth of items on Amazon for $1250.  On some items where I didnt need it right away; it was a great way to save big. 
I always wondered; wow; someone wanted that BTC badly. Paying 2x the going rate. But the site allowed it; so why not just post and wait and see. It's a free market. 
@_date: 2015-12-29 07:40:21
Gyft, I've gotten very lucky on a number of occasions back in the day on purse.io- getting in the area of 50% off amazon orders which were large purchases. 
I decided I wanted to wear a new pair of socks every single day for a year. I know strange. My maid does my laundry but the socks always get so much wear and tear from wearing, washing, etc. New socks, every time I wore socks. So I purchased on Amazon my favorite socks; which are roughly $5.00 a pair. I was able to get 360 of them for roughly $2.20 a pair on Purse. Someone wanted BTC bad that day (though it did take like 5 weeks to get filled).  My feet are good. At the end of the year I'll have her wash all 360 pair at once; iron, and I'll have 360 pairs of socks that have only been worn once for a 2nd year. :) 
Other than that; I use it mainly P2P for services or bitcoin related products in the community. 
So mostly socks. 
@_date: 2016-01-29 20:53:14
If he can't recover the private key, then there will be trouble. Did you make a backup of your wallet data file? Or export your private Keys?
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:50:03
When I had my mining farm, we ran a full node. Ended up turning it off in terms of inbound connections because the bandwidth was roughly 700 GB a month. And that was 8 months ago. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 12:55:47
BTC has a tendency to rise on market downtrends. The Bitcoin market is still so small comparatively; and the trading market is filled with tech savvy traders. It only takes a small percentage of them, pulling money out of stocks and other instruments, and buying into digital currencies to cause a moderate uptick in BTC to USD price. 
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:47:53
Yes I received a number of PMs on Reddit. Didnt even bother to read. I smell desperation. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 12:52:33
You will likely get nailed, fast, by your landlord. It wont take long for them to see the sudden spike in AC and they will start sniffing for where that leak is coming from. They will assume something is going on. Most likely they will assume drugs (growing). A number of miners have had DEA agents show up at their door; as they monitor thermal activity via satellite and helicopters (and any unusual changes paired with AC draw changes).  My point is your operation may run a few months; but 18 S7s will cost AC wise $1500+ a month minimum. Thats $18,000 a year. They will notice. You will be asked to leave at worst; or stop immediately. Either way, it will be embarrassing and your relationship will be on thin ice moving forward. Lastly; most people only know the "bad" about Bitcoin. Silk Road, The Scams, Etc. So once you are called out expect to deal with the stigma of being "involved" with all that. I speak from experience. 
@_date: 2016-01-07 13:00:38
Bitcoin is far more traceable than cash. Most enthusiasts assume sending their coins into a tumbler masks their transactions, but if "they", as in "they they" want to track it down "they" have the tools and manpower to figure out where the money went. The mass public, should BTC be widely adopted and accepted, doesn't care about anonymity. 
@_date: 2016-02-01 08:09:16
Well to be honest, savvy gamblers, people who let's say even understand how to actually play blackjack correctly; are far outnumbered; I am sure by a huge factor; by the vacationing crowd who drop a few hundred at the tables or on slots in Vegas. 
Then, add in the free liquor; and well, people just make bad betting decisions. So a 0% house edge I don't think would make or break a casino; considering that if the edge is only 1%; their profit margin is undoubtably much much higher. 
Even a casino with a 1% edge as a whole makes far more than their edge. They would not be in business otherwise. The 1% or small % edge they keep in place is to mitigate losses they would otherwise incur by people who know how to play, and have deep pockets. 