@_author: straon
@_date: 2017-11-29 11:39:32
Sold at 1$ a coin in eth and btc loss either way 
@_date: 2017-10-14 12:37:56
Time it is said is the great equalizer. I wrote my reply for 2 months the question raised are valid the answer is looong.
What   is   the   worth   of   a   bitcoin?There   have   been   numerous   solutions   proposed   to   this   question.   The   question   is   in   our opinion   the   single   most   important   question   facing   bitcoin.   As   of   these   times   we   are   in   a speculative   bubble   all   optimism   points   it   value   in   2030   at   around   500,000   while   some predict   200$   in   the   next   decade   and   some   even   go   as   far   as   to   say   that   the   whole   internet will   be   shut   down   and   bitcoin   will   be   wiped   from   existence.One   thing   is   clear   it   is   a   pivotal   instrument   in   our   human   evolution.   How   it   is   used   by   the design   of   Satoshi   is   up   to   Humanity.Since   the   advent   of   Blockchain   --   the   cryptographic   innovation   that   makes   a   method   of trustless   transmission   and   storage    of    transactions    on   a    Distributed   Ledger.    It   has enthralled   the   world.when I was 15 I was given a personal computer with DSL modem, an extreme luxury back home it was then I was introduced to the internetI   as   a   teenager   immediately   dived   into   this   amazing   creation   and   then   fully   began   to understand   it.   I   appreciated   it   I   had   not   many   friends   but   I   was   glued   to   my   Computer   all day   first   it   was   T.V   shows   some   gotten   from   less   than   polite   means      , then   I   migrated   to   downloading   and   reading   books   again   *ahem*   nefarious   somewhat sources   my   favorite   still   is   Wheel   Of   Time   and   Harry   Potter   (of   course)   but   from   that   day   I was   opened   to   a   world   of   books,   then   to   forum   posts   the   fine   art   of   trolling,   I   was   growing up   filled   with   experiences    that   are   impossible   in   the  physical world .Around   this   time   in   2011   I   read   something   about   bitcoins,   the   paper   attempted   to   solve what   had   plagued   cryptographers   for   centuries   how   do   you   make   a   crackable   thing uncrackable while keeping it public. The cryptopunks largely written of and their earlier attempts easily dismissed. However than came bitcoin. 
I to this day am subscribed to the mailing letter from which it originated. The whole point of writing such a loooong paragraph is simple, it is to add context.
You   see   this   is   probably   the   first   time   in   human   history   when   negative   utility   of   time   is actually   taken   out   from   the   quality   of   your  and giving the illusion of freedom a 100 years ago the same system was classified as slavery, the never ending debt for freedom dilemma.   If   you   don’t   spend   our   time   right   you   will   not be   successsful   BUT   if   you   spend   your   time   wrong   your   social   status   will   be   degraded   and this   is   done   by   arguably the   second   most   evil   invention   of   humanity   credit.   Credit   is   not   so   bad   by itself   it   is   actually   an   excellent   invention   to   track   the   exchange   of   labour   hours   and   to recoup   additional   labour   hours   for   the   initial   labour   amount   invested in proportion to risk.
Credit   =   Money   +   return   time   *   riskcoeffecient
Credit   let   it   be   said   again   is   not   a   bad   thing   it   is   the   fundamentals   of   investing   and   the   basis of   the   modern   economy   however   the   algorithmic   system   for   determining   credit   is centralized    to   less   than   0.1%   of   the   population.An   analogy   would   be   Satoshi   perfecting   blockchain   securing   incredible   funding   from   the existing   infrastructure   and   give   all   BTC   mined   to   the   0.1%   of   the   population   to   distribute.
Before   when   we   had   no   other   way   to   see   the   system   that   governed   intra-bank   strategies we   are   now   in   a   situation   that   someone   has   open   sourced   the   way   to   a   better   tracking system   of   labour   hours   and   thus   changed   the   entire   financial   ecosystem.
That   is   the   inherent   reason   why   everyone   and   their   mothers   are   saying   blockchain   are   the future.
  I   realized   that  with respect to socioeconomics they   are   two   people   in   the   world   one   who   are   investing   in   the   economy   and ones   who   are   contributing   to   it.   This   idea   has   evolved   from   a   thousands   of   years   ago   and   it has   basically   led   us   to   unite   and   work   in   labor   force   while   still   maintaining   the   illusion   of individualism.Why   though   when   history   has   proven   time   and   time   again   that   investing   always   works   why will   people   not   invest?   This   is   where   I   feel   the   single   greatest   failing   of   humanity   has   arrived money.
Money    is   a   translation   of   labour   hours   put   into   a   project   that   has   value   set   by   the subjective   value   theory.   Everyone   has   the   same   time   yet   some   people   are   rewarded   for   the subjective   labour   they   put   in   which   is   an   arbitrary   unit   speculated   by   the   global   market. Elon   Musk   one   of   my   idols   said   to   understand   something   is   to   boil   something   down   to   its most   fundamental   truths.   What   is   more   fundamental   or   subjective   than   mathematics.      As such   money   can   be   classified
Money   =   timespent*subjectivevaluecoefficience   + timespent*subjectivevaluecompetence*subjectivepercentageimportance
This   general   equation   gives   us   a   rough   equation   as   to   the   actual   value   of   money.   It   also highlights   as   long   as   one   spend   enough   time   in   the   correct   subjective   value   market   money should   be   generated   as   a   result.The   advent   of   blockchain   has   changed   the   way   in  my   opinion   most   drastically   the   storage of   time   with autonomous transactions.   More   than   anything   it   has   revolutionized   the   creation   of economies   as   previously    governments    had   to   agree   that   paper   notes   they   handed   out were   exchanged   for   other   notes   or   assets   that   can   be   used.   In   a   macro   scale   the   invention of   middle   men   have   just   existed   to   serve   as   a   barrier   of   trust   between   two   parties.   The government   of   a   functioning   democracy   is   the   best   example   of   that   one   person   exchange   isdefended   with   the   sum   of   all   the   other   exchanges. 
Lastly 3 arguments were given.
Increasing hash rate increase risk of double spending : the last paper on bitcoin deals with a malicious attacker. The cost to run a node is way less than mining. The cost to double spend is less than the computation required for mining.
Speculative prices : when you factor in that indeed all fiat currencies are inherently speculated. The limitless supply of fiat, which is man set and not immutable. When you factor in that exactly 35 years ago average house prices were 9000$ usd and a car was 1200$ usd. It can be argued fiat is more volatile.
Aug 1st fork: the price of bcc as of writing this is 10 times less than bitcoin. The network as it is a fork requires extreme mining and at current time the network is susceptible to double spending.  Since IMF founding only bitcoin scaling debate produced a meeting on a global scale where all views were weighted according to their ownership and hash rates . It is the only successful global financial meeting representing such diverse interest in 2017. Bitcoin sits at 5600$ a 100% increase in as many days.
Bitcoin is a timeless store of value. Time is relativistic, aggregating transactions globally without fiscal policies does indeed result in the most accurate store of value that can exist online. That is why bitcoin is priceless.
Sorry for the length it is a direct result of the spot on questions.
@_date: 2017-06-25 17:12:03
Okay first off congrats your young and thinking of saving that is already a leg up. Now I'm a programmer so I might be coming at it from a programmatic standpoint and I'll edit it when I have time. But generally.
Think of an exchange as a market place to buy bitcoin. You don't really leave your stuff at the market place do you?
The first step if you are putting more than a grand from purely a security standpoint is to get a hardware Wallet Trezor is what I recommend Ledger Nano also works.
Now find the cheapest seller of bitcoin that can convert your fiat(normal currency) into btc keep in mind that you have to find the one that is best for YOUR banking needs my advice always go local. 
That should be enough to get you started.
Once you have 1 btc go and diversify into altcoin like eth and Dodge LTC is also doing some interesting stuff. Follow the buffet principle go long term with a diversified Portfolio and you should be able to retire at 30.
Good luck !!!
@_date: 2017-06-25 12:06:27
Bitcoins "core" purpose was the creation of trust less transactions without centralized bodies. It's main function was to pioneer the third revolution in accounting, the first was bartering the second was credit/debit the third is distributed ledger. I will go into detail if I have time. It saddens me that traffic junkies will publish anything without a lick of research. 
 That is the only reason I replied don't post just for posting create a melody rather than adding to the noise.
@_date: 2017-06-25 20:40:00
Lol no no they have some "tangled" stuff bro ** seriously ** worth the 1 BN market cap. 
Ico mania to new highs.
I still bought some :) 