@_author: strangeapple
@_date: 2013-04-14 13:24:20
Yes, we are at the chasm since we have the core-technology, but there's a lot of uncertainty and there are still things that need more development: such as reliable currency exchange and practicality in everyday life. 
@_date: 2013-04-13 10:25:04
This is how it goes for as long as people have unreasonably high expectations or are out to make a quick fiat buck. Only when the roller-coaster stops and when dreams of becoming bitcoin millionaires are crushed, can the 'normal' steady rise begin again.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:43:20
All I wanted was to wait for all the dust to settle and get some bitcoins. Depositing money (€) now in advance seemed like a reasonable thing to do. Since Mt. Gox was down and I live in Eurozone, going for bitcoin-24 also seemed very logical. And then...this happens. I hope I either get my money back or that they somehow manage to fix this mess. This is a bad blow not only for people who had money in there, but it's also another blow to bitcurrency's reliability. Bitcoin is going through some dark times now; I hope it will pull through.
@_date: 2013-10-10 18:51:25
More discussion on the matter can be read here:
Apparently some people are still lifting pitchforks against Simon. I kind of understand that attitude, but I don't really think he could have done much better in this situation. You can sue him all day and will probably make the matter even more complicated without really accomplishing any further progress. I'd personally rather see people going against the Polish authorities responsible for seizing the account; as proposed in the latest statement (contact information within the statement). 
I think that Polish authorities have no legal standing and are bluffing in hopes of finding anyone to accuse of anything in order to justify their actions. 
From what I understand these are the options offered by btc24:
1. Let the situation remain as it is now and (apparently) wait for people to settle the issue with Polish authorities (threaten to sue/sue). This doesn't sound like a solution to me if it will take any more than a month and if it won't resolve the whole thing (which it probably will take and won't resolve). Polish authorities could very well ignore us and play the blame game. As an angry mob we do have some power, but should it even be our business to settle things with the third party?
2. Let everyone who is not being accused go free and let the rest settle things in court if the need be (sounds about right to me if they could manage it). This is basically same as option  for the exception that we would let bitcoin-24 settle the thing with the Polish authorities (they've already been trying that for half a year...). 
3. Admit money lost and split the cost (sounds unreasonable and contradictory. For all we know he could be putting all that 'confiscated' money in his own pocket, not to even mention that no person can be legally forced to pay a single cent for any cause without his/her own volition).
What should be done then? I think that bitcoin-24 should immediately explain (preferably by e-mails) whose fiat money is being held in the Polish account. I also think that everyone should threaten everyone with lawsuits starting from November until things get going. I also want to see bitcoin-24 operational regardless of Polish account being closed (those who have their money in the Polish account should have their bitcoin-24 -accounts temporarily frozen).
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:26:31
As far as I know, it takes your bank about a day to process a payment and same thing on the other side. Their banking account got closed for transactions, which I believe means that your money will return back to you if it didn't make it to the other side. The following text just appeared on bitcoin-24's site:










@_date: 2013-04-14 13:05:21
"The Chasm" in technology adoption life cycle is a phase where technology either succeeds and becomes popular or flops. It's not as much about the technology itself as it is about people adopting the technology. Sometimes technology drops significantly at the chasm (due to being impractical to the majority) and makes a successful come-back only years later when technology is improved and made more easy to use.
@_date: 2013-04-13 13:19:07
If you by any chance get any info anytime soon, I (and probably many others around here in similar situations) would appreciate if you'd update on that. I myself didn't send any mails to them because I know it would only stall the whole thing.
@_date: 2013-04-13 12:35:32
I too would appreciate to know how long it will take them to come back online (if ever) so that I would know better to either wait patiently or grab my pitchfork, or go buy some bitcoins from other place while this mess is being settled on bitcoin-24. Has anyone around here tried sending them e-mail?
@_date: 2013-04-14 20:48:41
I think I'd rather wait a week or two and see the situation then (assuming bitcoin-24 will be up by then). I'm willing to pay extra for stability. Maybe even purchase bitcoins at current price and buy other cryptocurrencies immediately after. Certain signs of instability would be the price exploding up again or sinking even more. The problem of making a quick money off the value fluctuation is not only that it propagates more instability, but it's also very risky, especially due to the nature of available bitcoin/fiat exchange services that leave a lot to hope for. Imagine losing money simply because exchange services are being down. If done on purpose by said exchange services, it would also be quite a clever way of them ripping people off. What I'm definitely NOT expecting is bitcoin becoming popular overnight and neither should you. I love the enthusiasm of bitcoin community, but the truth is that there's still work to be done and things to be developed before bitcoin can go mainstream.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:18:10
I think we're on the safer side (in relation to the situation anyway) of the law since we hadn't yet bought/exchanged anything, but had merely transacted our money until further notice. Out of all the people we would probably be the first ones to get our money out.
I wonder if the duplicate transactions were a thing possible only within the bitcoin-24 or whether duplicate entries were extracted from the bitcoin-24's total bitcoin reserves. In the case of the former, some people might notice that their bitcoins are in fact transaction-invalid copies. In case of the latter bitcoin-24 has been mistakenly giving away 'free money.' In either case bitcoin24 will have to go through its transactions, maybe even go around tracking down their money and trying to collect it back. On top of all that, they need to fix their transaction system. Looks like they (and we for that matter) have a real mess on their hands. I hope the duplicate transactions aren't significant enough to halt the whole business for long.