@_author: strangemakings
@_date: 2017-12-14 02:49:24
Hello! First I want to thank you for doing such an amazing thing that will impact untold amounts of people.  You really will change lives with charity like this. 
I want to preface this by saying that the following two charities that I will be suggesting literally saved my family. 
 My daughter was born with Down Syndrome with zero indication before the birth.  She was born by emergency c-section due to fluctuating and failing heart readings. When she was born she was transferred to Maine Medical centers, Barbara Bush Children's Hospital in Portland Maine.  She was transferred by a special emergency response team from the BBH who came to our local hospital with an ambulance specifically set up for Neonatal care.  They stabilized her vitals and transported her to the BBH to be admitted. She was hospitalized there for a total of about 3 months. She had two open heart surgeries as well as two more minor feeding tube surgeries over the course of the next couple months.  The doctors and nursing staff there saved my daughters life. The staff was incredible. The care was top of the line.  I could go on and on about how great they are, but I think asking for a donation on their behalf might sum up my feelings of their facility best. The Barbara Bush Children's Hospital is one of only a handful of children's hospitals in New England that is equipped to deal with cancer therapies, major surgeries, and a myriad of other serious children's diseases and ailments. It is the only one in the State of Maine and the closest one for parts of New Hampshire and Vermont.  
Their website is:
I encourage anyone reading this to check them out!  I really hope this reaches you u/PineappleFund and you look into them.  You would literally be saving children's lives by donating to them.  You will also be saving families, and by extension more lives. 
In addition to the Barbara Bush Children's Hospital I would like to suggest the Ronald McDonald House Charity.  With my daughter being admitted to a hospital some distance from our house we turned to the RMHC to have a place to stay while we were helping our daughter heal. They provide not only a bed and a shower for families of patients, but provide meals as well, all for free. They welcome individuals or entire families to stay, so that they may be closer to their admitted loved ones.  
Most people have probably heard of the Ronald McDonald House Charity because of the donation boxes at a McDonalds drive thru windows but may not know exactly what they provide to families torn apart by illness. and while all that change does help, I saw firsthand the charity scraping by on day to day donations.  They are virtually run by everyday volunteers.  Every little bit helps and again this charity is close to my heart. 
Either way, I want to thank you again for doing something so amazing for other people. There's so much bad in the world today that hearing about something like this warms my heart. Good luck with you philanthropies, and may the universe be kind to you! 
P.S. Keep Hodling!