@_author: stressoverstrain
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:48:15
It does on a short term scale though (massively inflates, even) which is much more horrendous than anything USD ever did.
@_date: 2015-06-30 13:54:15
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:26:45
Because the mafia are equal-opportunity employers, and not capable of prejudice?
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:14:47


The Jehovah's Witness of the financial world. Also aren't there people behind you in line? Kind of a jerk move to not finish your business and stop wasting other people's time...


Ah yes, pissing off consumers is sure to lead to mainstream adoption anytime now...
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:23:25
The fact that his defense team actually went with this explanation speaks to the legitimacy of the evidence.
@_date: 2015-06-06 19:15:20


Ah yes, the evil bankers forced you to take out a loan at gunpoint.
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:23:25
The fact that his defense team actually went with this explanation speaks to the legitimacy of the evidence.
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:41:15
Or you know, just use cash, which requires no electricity or digital network burning untold amounts of fossil fuels to stay alive, and doesn't rely on transmitters that will be stolen and scrapped for parts  a couple hours after they're set up?
How many of these would you need to even cover a large city, let alone a country? This is ridiculous.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:18:30
How does that change the fact that Ross paid out $650,000 in Bitcoin for the hits, and kept notes of the progression of each hit? That doesn't sound like someone being extorted.








Commissioning a hitman to kill someone for you is attempted murder. It doesn't matter if the hitman is actually a fraud. The defense didn't claim he was entrapped, but that he was "role-playing." I think that speaks to the weakness of the entrapment argument.
@_date: 2015-06-05 22:04:46
Bitcoiners think the 2-3% inflation USD has every year is somehow conning them out of money. But they'll happily sit on their Bitcoins that inflate 60-70% in a year, because it's controlled by computer code, like that's somehow superior.
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:18:41


Yeah, that's kind of the downside of an open-source creation. Nobody wants to pay for advertising when there's no direct profit.


Anybody that would be interested and willing to invest in Bitcoin has probably already found it. Bitcoin made the rounds in tech circles two or three years ago. It's not something mainstream consumers would really be interested in after a 30-second ad, so again no profit, why bother? They make enough money from the dedicated Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:16:25
Lol, last time I checked there's nowhere in Greece that accepts Bitcoin for bread and eggs, so Bitcoin would be as useless as the Euros they can't access.
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:24:46
If you find a good bank (which isn't that hard, credit unions are pretty popular), the only restriction is don't spend more money than you have. Too many people overdraw their accounts and get pissed when the bank charges them fees. People mention specific situations like "they switched around my transactions to make me overdraw." Well don't put up with that shit. Walk in there, close your accounts, and find a new bank.
And since dollars are kind of Bitcoin's biggest competitor, I think it's a relevant point that bank accounts (and top-notch security) are free.
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:41:01
Just upvote then?
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:29:04
In a lot of states it's the jury that decides whether the death penalty is warranted in capital crimes cases.
@_date: 2015-06-20 15:52:10


Which is why I don't understand how this community thinks a *deflating* currency is a good idea. Do you realize your loans become harder and harder to pay back, especially 20 years down the road? Why would anyone even loan you money in the first place when it gains purchasing power just sitting around? The interest rate would be ridiculously high.
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:41:06
But when Bitcoin's value tanks 80% (and the equivalent massive price inflation), it's all good because "backed by math" and shit?
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:18:30
How does that change the fact that Ross paid out $650,000 in Bitcoin for the hits, and kept notes of the progression of each hit? That doesn't sound like someone being extorted.








Commissioning a hitman to kill someone for you is attempted murder. It doesn't matter if the hitman is actually a fraud. The defense didn't claim he was entrapped, but that he was "role-playing." I think that speaks to the weakness of the entrapment argument.
@_date: 2015-06-10 10:40:30
He's probably referring to:


Mine... Bitcoin mining
Foreman... operator
@_date: 2015-06-29 03:09:25


Of course one should expect that people will pirate, but you agree that pirating is still ethically and legally wrong, because it is using the creator's work without their permission?
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:24:04
Yeah, fuck the banks, with their loans and shit.
Never mind the fact that banks are an integral part of any economy, and are the only reason businesses get off the ground or people can buy a house.
And you're only supporting Chinese miners in cahoots with the power plant owner, who dump thousands of coins on the market every day that further drops the price. But whatever floats your boat, man.
@_date: 2015-06-08 16:36:22
Sorry, I don't know what point you're trying to make. A bank is insured, and whether it burns down or bankrupts itself, I'll still get my money back. Obviously storing large amounts of cash in your own house is a bad idea for the reasons you mentioned, but I'm not advocating that; go put it in a bank.
@_date: 2015-06-27 21:04:01
Except the company and/or employee would be heavily fined for insider trading. Or is this fantasy set after the collapse of the US government and peaceful transition to Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:26:45
Because the mafia are equal-opportunity employers, and not capable of prejudice?
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:18:58
I assume difficulty is also increasing? Unless there are some groundbreaking gains in microprocessor technology, it's going to become more and more expensive for miners to keep up the profits they're making now, and a smaller block subsidy only makes it harder. I don't care to do the math, but I'm going to make an educated guess that it would require a lot more transactions than we have now. Eventually, Bitcoin will reach a point where it's finally managed to become popular, or will descend into a feedback loop of decreasing transaction numbers, miners leaving, increasing transaction fees to compensate, which means less transactions, etc.
@_date: 2015-06-05 22:00:37
You'd be in the minority then. The youngest generations were the first ones to adopt debit cards, with the older generations sticking with checks. Credit and debit cards are still as popular as ever. Sure, people complain about fees, but they're just complaining about their bank, not the entire concept of banks or debit cards. Furthermore, complaints don't always mean they really desire an alternative. People complain about their job every evening but are fine with continuing to work there. Unless Bitcoin offers benefits far above and beyond the existing systems (spoiler: it doesn't), nobody is going to use it. They use debit/credit cards *because it works*, is so incredibly easy, zero risk, and accepted everywhere. Even the most technologically incapable person can easily use one, and none of the same can be said for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:23:17
There's nowhere near 167,000 people still in this sub. There's *maybe* 100,000 active Bitcoiners in the whole world, and there's [only 30,000 unique visitors each day]( a good chunk of which aren't Bitcoiners. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:27:27
Last time that happened, we had the Great Depression. You're saying you'd rather live through the Great Depression than get your money back? I say that because the FDIC is entirely funded on payments from banks, and zero tax dollars.
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:32:50


That's a skewed idea of capitalism. If I make more money as a business selling my product *this way*, why do people get all entitled thinking I'm not being "convenient enough" for them and steal my product? I *could* let you watch it for $2, but that doesn't make me as much money. This isn't socialism or a damn charity.
Consumers (specifically those who pirate) need to realize that no one owes them anything. If I want to only show Game of Thrones on a premium cable channel, than that's just the way it is. Get over it. Wait for the DVD to come out. If you can't even do that, then you need to re-evaluate your unhealthy addiction to media.
@_date: 2015-06-25 19:13:36
I'm no expert on why the stock market crashed, but I do know there was a bank run, and the banks simply didn't have enough money on hand to pay back all of the depositors. People lost their entire savings. The FDIC remedied that problem: if a bank is insolvent or cannot pay back its depositors, the FDIC covers the depositors for the amount they are owed, and absorbs the bank. It's also entirely funded from payments by banks in the system.
[Wikipedia leads me to believe that economists are still arguing over why it happened.]( It all started after the stock market crash though, and after a decade as great as the Roaring Twenties, the huge climb in stock prices has to come back down (in this case, dramatically).
@_date: 2015-06-21 04:06:09
Consumers don't care about monetary inflation, though. Price inflation is all they see. Monetary inflation is also fine if your economy grows along with it (which the US economy generally does).
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:50:31
A billion dollars (or even a few hundred million) is pennies to the government, and could be used to mine all the coins ever made, or DDOS the system for the next 50 years. likes to imagine Bitcoin as a bigger threat than it actually is and blames trolls instead of acknowledging that their internet tokens are actually kind of crappy. Really, they're a speck in the financial world, still part of internet backwaters. thinks they're gaining popularity, but Bitcoin peaked just before Mt. Gox collapsed and hasn't come close to recovering. It's not new and novel anymore, but old news in the tech world and is only useful as some alternative news for Yahoo! Finance or Wall Street Journal on a slow news day.
If Bitcoiners could just be a little more realistic, and treat Bitcoin as an experiment and hobby instead of a get-rich-quick, to-the-moon, going-to-solve-all-of-the-world's-problems, and bring-down-the-filthy-bankers savior they might be able to do something cool with this thing. But instead, it's a cult of people who got caught up in the freedom-from-the-banks stuff, are sitting on tanking investments, and can't seem to part with their last desperate gamble at being a millionaire.
@_date: 2015-06-19 20:22:59
Yep, originally the state legislatures picked the two Senators to send to Washington. These legislatures were still popularly elected, so a bit different from a governor general.
The only caveat is that laws affecting taxation could only be introduced in the House, where representatives were elected directly by the people. Both houses of Congress are popularly elected today, but taxation changes can still only be introduced in the lower house.
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:24:01


Can't wait to see how far you guys move the goalposts via the word "reasonably" before you stop being too lazy and entitled to pay for something.


Tell me why *everyone* shouldn't pirate then? Why can't we all just be like you? Would the content even be produced then?
So there must be some "cost" to pirating and it comes from the fact that it costs money to create content. It was created with the expectation that they own it and users are expected to pay if they want to see it. If users pirate it instead of purchasing it, then the creators make no income and don't bother creating anymore.
GG pirates, the only endgame here is the collapse of markets that rely on income from intellectual property. There's little reason to stop pirating once you've started, just keep moving those goalposts.
Why do you think PC versions of games are often crap ports from console or still riddled with bugs? Because 50% of the userbase is just going to pirate it anyway. Might as well focus on the console market where pirating is much less of a problem.
Why don't you flit on over to ThePirateBay and look up some popular shows available on Netflix and tell me how many downloads they have? 0? If not, then your solution clearly isn't working.


Then you don't get the benefits of premium cable, which includes the ability to watch Game of Thrones on release day.
So I repeat again:


@_date: 2015-06-13 22:38:00
*some way
Two words.
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:16:50
It doesn't, which makes it so sad that reduces itself to making fun of USD instead of being aware of the flaws in their own internet tokens and fixing them.
There's also some preconceived notion here that inflation is inherently bad, which is not true at all. Massively inflating in a short period of time is bad, yes, but only Bitcoin has experienced that. USD's inflation has always been relatively small; it's just been around a lot longer than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:03:39
Clearly, it was more worthwhile for you to sort out the bank problem than just use Bitcoin. So, if anything, your Bitcoin was useless which is a very real problem that would affect Bitcoin users in your situation.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:42:35


Correct, they don't.


It's much easier to steal from merchants that sell products for 0 confirmations than it is to constantly chargeback. Visa will wise up soon enough if you're doing too many chargebacks and drop you.
Possible scenarios:
* Walk into a store and buy 5 $500 TVs. With 0 confirmations I could be an hour away with $2500 worth of stolen stuff before they realize no money is coming. Repeat as many times as you like: Bitcoin addresses and accomplices are cheap. Pick the most expensive thing in the store.
* Digital store selling digital goods. Are you going to make me wait 10 minutes - 1 hour to download what I just bought, or let me download it with 0 confirmations? If the latter I'd have the product before you ever realized there was no money. Again, repeat as much as you like.
With credit/debit cards you have to have enough money/high credit limit to begin with, your identity is linked to the account, and the merchant could demand the product back if I chargeback. Even if I got away with it once, it wouldn't work multiple times if I wanted to keep my credit card. Visa isn't stupid; they know what fraud looks like.


Correct, they wouldn't, but this isn't the prime problem for merchants here.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:04:18


* Any physical cash they have right now is Euros which will not hyper-inflate in any remotely possible scenario
* Bitcoin has inflated more than anything. It takes 100 Bitcoins to buy what 20 Bitcoins bought a year and a half ago. How is that not horrid price inflation?


The banks are confiscating their physical cash? That's not a thing...


Sell to who? Nobody owns Bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-06-04 10:45:00
A bank account with overdraft protection turned off accomplishes the same thing.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:16:56
Yeah, but you have a house. You're not living in a cardboard box in a ditch saving internet tokens so you can finally buy that house 40 years from now.
That's the point of loans and debt: to buy things that cost far more than the income of a single person, but that they still need right now.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:37:49


If you say this on you're gonna have a bad time. Mainstream economics are not accepted around here, believe me man. Bitcoiners watched a ten-minute YouTube video and have suddenly seen the light of fringe Austrian economics.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:50:31
A billion dollars (or even a few hundred million) is pennies to the government, and could be used to mine all the coins ever made, or DDOS the system for the next 50 years. likes to imagine Bitcoin as a bigger threat than it actually is and blames trolls instead of acknowledging that their internet tokens are actually kind of crappy. Really, they're a speck in the financial world, still part of internet backwaters. thinks they're gaining popularity, but Bitcoin peaked just before Mt. Gox collapsed and hasn't come close to recovering. It's not new and novel anymore, but old news in the tech world and is only useful as some alternative news for Yahoo! Finance or Wall Street Journal on a slow news day.
If Bitcoiners could just be a little more realistic, and treat Bitcoin as an experiment and hobby instead of a get-rich-quick, to-the-moon, going-to-solve-all-of-the-world's-problems, and bring-down-the-filthy-bankers savior they might be able to do something cool with this thing. But instead, it's a cult of people who got caught up in the freedom-from-the-banks stuff, are sitting on tanking investments, and can't seem to part with their last desperate gamble at being a millionaire.
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:56:06
[This Wall Street Journal article]( states banks are seeing cuts in other forms of revenue and have to make it up somewhere. Personal bank accounts don't make a bank very much money. The contents of most people's checking accounts, a few hundred dollars, is a paltry sum compared to the bank's business accounts and loan divisions. That money also needs to be basically 24/7 accessible to the account holder so it's hard to loan it to other people. It's more of a gateway to a friendly relationship with a bank, in the hopes you'll come to them first if you need a loan for whatever reason.
I'm sure banks make up lots of shit about "losing revenue" but if charging people $30 because they haven't learned basic money management skills is what it takes to keep banks offering personal checking accounts at all, then it's fine by me.
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:39:45


A $30 fee is quite reasonable depending on how their system is set up. It's a flat fee, and you could have overdrawn anything from $1-$200 before the bank managed to cut you off. $30 seems reasonable to me when you consider the costs the bank has of dealing with a bounced transaction, and forwarding extra money, especially with a large amount.




We don't have those in the US. Overdrawing is "you fucked up" territory, not pre-arranged territory here. So it is very much demanding a free loan from the bank if you don't agree with the $30 fee. The only pre-arrangement here is "if you spend more money than is in your account, you will be charged $30."


I mean, I'm not an idiot and don't overdraw my account, which is the easiest way to avoid this problem entirely. If you need to buy something on credit short-term, use a credit card. If you pay it off at the end of the month, there's no fee.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:24:21
People have been saying that since forever, and the US is still here. It didn't fall apart in the 50s, or 60s, or 70s, 80s, 90s, or anytime in the new millennium, but gold-bug libertarians will keep hoarding their precious metals and Bitcoins and saying "any day/month/year now it's gonna collapse." Keep dreaming, buddy.
Trust me, no government collapse is pretty. Revolutions are bloody awful things and one shouldn't be too eager to start one, especially over something so petty as selling heroin and crack to addicts.
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:11:07
The "he was blackmailed/evidence was forged" argument has popped up a few times, so they'll probably go with that. It really shows that the an-cap/libertarian dream is just a pipe dream. 
We only have to look back at the 19th/early 20th century South to see how communities mete out their own warped justice. A jury of white Southerners could see no wrong in a white man accused of crimes against a black, and if there was even a rumor of a black man doing something wrong, he was guilty in their eyes. And if all else fails, you just went and lynched the poor fella anyway.
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:20:55
The Today Show will pay you a few thousand dollars for an interview leaking the cover-up, and that's better than living in fear of the Department of Justice indicting you for corruption someday. There's no way the conspiracy theories dreams up would ever work in real life.
@_date: 2015-06-16 17:39:40
This is totally competitive with instantaneous credit card transactions. 
Heading off potential arguments: Yeah, I know it takes a few weeks for merchants to get their money, but consumers don't care about that and last time I checked consumers pick which payment method to use, not businesses.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:54:48
Exactly. This whole "blocksize debate" is all the proof you need. Yes, debate is good, but eventually you need to come to a decision. At the rate this community is going, you'll be arguing about it forever.
There's always going to be people who disagree. Have you ever seen a corporate meeting? You can't please everyone. You discuss, and then put it to a vote or the man on top makes the decision. Then, *everyone follows that choice*. They don't fracture into competing groups that fight with each other, which this community is about to do if the blocksize update is ever put into action without the whole community's support.
That whole CEO, director, manager hierarchy is the only reason shit gets done. Otherwise employees will argue for days or each work in different directions focusing on their own individual goals.
I'm not saying Bitcoin needs a hierarchy, but it does need a direction to go. Vote on it if you have to, but at least do something.
@_date: 2015-06-28 18:39:13


Louis Vuitton purses are functionally the same as any other high-quality purse, but they can sell theirs for hundreds of dollars and make more money because of their popularity. If I have a very popular TV show, I can make more money limiting access and charging more. Is that not my right as a business in a capitalist economy?
You don't think these companies have entire marketing and finance divisions that figure out the best way to make money? Their goal is not to let everyone watch the show in an affordable manner. *They are here to make money*, and making it "easy and affordable" is not always the best way to make money. Sometimes, that is the best way (look at Netflix), but sometimes it isn't, and you're just going to have to accept that. Sometimes a business makes a wrong decision, but that still doesn't entitle you to shit.
@_date: 2015-06-12 02:07:50
The whole reason Amazon is successful is because it is centralized. Once you've set up your account you can buy stuff with one click and it shows up at your door. There's no buying Bitcoins, figuring out how to use Bitcoins, arguing with the seller when it doesn't show up, dispute resolution, escrow fees, getting scammed, or any of that crap. Amazon gets you your package, has amazing customer service, and you can always chargeback if something goes wrong.
Splitting that service into several different services is a step backward. You get to play phone/email tag with six different people to get your money back or get your dispute resolved.
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:19:20


Yeah, we're expected to not spend money we don't have. That's what credit cards are for.


Ummm.... maybe... that contract-thingy you signed when you opened the account specified a $30 fee when overdrawing the account... and it has your signature at the bottom. Looks pretty legit to me.


Oh, but demanding a free loan from the bank to cover me when I spend more money than I have isn't robbery?
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:57:01
The highest income tax bracket in the US is 39.6% and that's only on the income past $406,751. Business taxes are also a joke, they get more tax breaks than anybody. Some of the biggest businesses have so many deductions they pay nothing.
The mafia also only protects you if you have money in the first place. Having no income isn't a crime under the government and you still get police and fire service, a military to protect you, bus service, and everything else. Even if you can't pay your taxes, as long as you file and make an honest attempt they will set up a payment plan. It's only malicious tax evasion that leads to jail. They don't break your knee caps or toss you in the river like a mafia or loan shark you owe money to.
But haha, cool joke.
@_date: 2015-06-28 23:34:25
I'm tired of writing long passages in response to each other, so I just have two simple questions:
Do you believe that the creator of a creative work is the owner?
Do you believe the owner of a creative work should have the full rights concerning whether to distribute it and how?
Because if you don't even believe in the basis of intellectual property, then forget it, there's nothing for me to discuss here, you've ignored everything our society is built on.
@_date: 2015-06-02 11:56:04
Go look up the statute of limitations yourself if you're so interested, but I guarantee it's long passed. Only capital crimes have long periods to prosecute (since evidence for those can turn up long after they're committed, and because they are so grievous).
@_date: 2015-06-16 16:55:44
I'm asking you, is there anything wrong in that situation? If I wanted to read *To Kill a Mockingbird* why wouldn't I buy the $2 book over the $20 book? Why does the person who pretends to have written a book allowed to collect profit off of something someone else wrote?


Shows on Netflix are still heavily pirated, so I don't think it's just a service problem. It's a "I like free shit, and don't want to pay for anything problem."


Wow, that's incredibly vague. What do you mean by easy? If I let you download my movie DRM-free, 1080-HD, etc. straight from my website but charge $100 for it, is that considered easy enough for you? If $100 is too expensive for you, do you just not watch it and find something else to do. Or do you just decide "Eh, $100 is too much, I think I'll just pirate it." Because that's not a service problem. That's an entitlement problem; the misguided view that you are entitled to everything ever created by anybody at a price point of your own choosing.


There are no convenient competitors in the world of digital piracy. You are literally copying intellectual content *for free*. No one can compete with that. Intellectual content would not be created in the first place if you can't make money off of it. Creators would have to beg for donations or go get another job and only create in their free time, because assholes think they're entitled to everything for free if it doesn't meet their "service" standards.


This is why patents exist. Do you think patents have legitimate uses and benefits? Copyright is just the digital version of patent and does the exact same thing. Just because modern technology lets you copy something digitally doesn't mean it's right.
Also, that "other person" didn't have thousands of dollars in research and development costs that the original inventor has. They just waltzed in, looked at a product, copied it, and threw it on the shelf at a lower price point generating pure profit. The inventor has to sell at a higher price point because he has R &amp; D costs to pay back. Do you see the unfairness here? Why create anything when someone else can just copy your idea and sell it way cheaper?
Piracy as an economic model is just flawed. There is no reason *not* to pirate. The only endgame is everyone pirates, and tell me how that's going to work out.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:59:57
For $120 it better be the best-damned security in the world, considering I can walk to any bank and open a free checking and savings account which I never have to worry about, ever.
@_date: 2015-06-23 17:35:59


Good thing I'm not making 20 cents an hour anymore.
Also, who the fuck stores $40,000 in cash for a century? You could have invested that and probably been a millionaire by now.
That slight inflation each year motivated people to invest their money in the stock market, etc. which helped grow the economy to what it is today and encourage innovation. Hoarding your $40,000 does jack shit for the economy.
@_date: 2015-06-07 02:47:15
It's literally being exchanged on an exchange, probably by a payment processor middleman like Bitpay, and then the fiat is given to the desired company for your goods. They're just expediting the sell on exchange -&gt; buy goods with fiat process.
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:07:41
It actually helps you, though. If I owe $100 per month, as a dollar becomes worth less over time, it becomes easier to earn $100. Most people get a raise every one or two years, and minimum wage is bumped up every few years, so if your monthly payment is constant, inflation is helping you. $100 becomes a smaller and smaller part of my monthly income.
@_date: 2015-06-02 12:46:16
Except it was clearly demonstrated that Ross didn't care what was sold as long as he got his cut of the profits. Illegal stuff slips through eBay of course, but they are proactive about removing obvious stuff and illegal goods are banned in their terms of service, which is a far cry from Silk Road. It was even more blatant on Silk Road; you could put cyanide or murder-for-hire right in the title and Ross didn't care. He just wanted his money. That's what he went to jail for.
@_date: 2015-06-06 18:10:57
Uh, the ability to suddenly and irreversibly delete your money is kind of a huge con. The whole idea of banks is they can protect your money better than you yourself ever could. And it's true.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:32:55
Why in the hell would someone give up half of their income? 
Oh, that's right they have stolen credit card numbers they need to quickly offload.
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:16:24
Maybe the payment goes directly to the merchant, sans Newegg's cut? If they accept Bitcoin they'd have to redo their merchant account settlement system to accept the whole payment themselves, convert to fiat, and then forward a part of the fiat to the merchant. That's a bunch of extra steps for what amounts to less than 0.5% of their income.
@_date: 2015-06-28 19:36:10
Except "American living in &lt;not America&gt;" is rather uncommon if not rare. I'm not sure why he would keep his money in his original bank either. 
*Of course* there's a fee to withdraw in a totally different country on the other side of the world, and *of course* there's a fee to use this random ATM to withdraw money from my bank tens of thousands of miles away. That ATM was not put there to service the customers of every bank in the entire world for free. A $3 fee is better than "Sorry you do not have an account affiliated with the bank that owns this ATM."
Paying one set of fees to deposit his paycheck in a local bank using local currency would eliminate the vast majority of his problems. They should have plenty of ATMs where he lives.
@_date: 2015-06-27 15:30:23
They did create Windows, though. Gates realized there was an untapped market of not-so-technically-oriented people that would buy computers if you didn't have to learn a DOS command line to use one. So he made his own operating system, and the rest is history.
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:45:42


Ehhh, I'd say Visa/Mastercard perfected it pretty well...


















It's literally that easy. I'm not sure how Bitcoin plans to be successful by taking away stuff mainstream consumers like, and replacing it with stuff mainstream consumers don't care about.
@_date: 2015-06-19 01:41:25


That's quite the embellishment of "profited off of the sale of highly addictive and illegal drugs, computer hacking software, counterfeit IDs, and other illegal goods. He also made no attempt to remove illegal or harmful sales as long as he got his cut."
He's not some human rights activist; he was pulling in huge amounts of profit, millions of dollars at the end of it.
He may not have directly harmed anyone (although those attempted murder charges look pretty serious), but it's pretty clear he gave zero fucks about who would be harmed with the shit he was selling.
I guess you would be fine with your children growing up to be drug dealers, because they're "not doing anything to intentionally harm anyone or steal," just creating a more open free market.
@_date: 2015-06-01 18:04:14
That's apples and oranges. iTunes became popular because iPhones/iPods became popular, and most people realize that torrenting copyrighted content is kind of an asshole move. iTunes provided quick, legal access to digital copies of music.
@_date: 2015-06-06 18:18:49


Bitcoin's "economy" only needs an increase of 10% to match that inflation. If there's 100,000 people regularly buying/trading in Bitcoin, you only need 10,000 new people. I would hope an emerging technology that is supposed to go mainstream any day (according to the cult anyway) would be able to attain that, but alas, it seems no one wants to trade (or even buy Bitcoin).
Your central bank/computer code/Satoshi's gospel/whatever is dumping coins on the market that nobody wants, driving the price down. Exactly what you fear will happen to USD (which has been going up all year) is happening to your own internet tokens!
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:25:49
Yeah, they should just buy money trees to grow money and let consumers use the ATMs for free.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:18:03


Why wouldn't people just continue to pirate it for free? Some nice dude pays the fee, downloads a copy and re-uploads it for everyone to download for free. Now we're back to square one where people pirate shit because they like free shit.


When the fuck did consumers get to make demands over how something should be sold? Designer brand purses cost hundreds of dollars but are made out of the same material as any other decent purse. It's quite clear you're paying for the designer name on the bag. The business knows people will pay good money for that, and so they charge hundreds of dollars for it. So tell me, if I know people will pay for premium HBO why am I not allowed to sell my product that way? **Why aren't you outraged at designer handbag manufacturers?**
Louis Vuitton could sell their purses for $20, but that wouldn't be a smart business decision. HBO could sell Game of Thrones for a small fee, but that's not a very good business decision. **And for some reason, society thinks sellers of digital goods aren't allowed to make good business decisions. Why?** HBO *could* sell their show on Bittorrent for a fee, but to make the same amount of money they are making with the premium cable channels, that fee would probably be unreasonably high in the eyes of pirating-inclined consumers, and you (or 99% of people) would still pirate it because &lt;insert new flawed reason here&gt;.
Pirating content just shows that you really want to experience their content, but would never have paid for it anyway. There's no point in attempting to cater to you, because you'll probably just move the goalposts and continue to pirate it for free. You show no respect for capitalism when you pirate, and the only thing to do is enforce copyright law or forget about you and focus on those willing to be paying customers.
*The correct way to show dissatisfaction with service models* is to boycott their products. Don't buy them, don't pirate them, don't use them in any way. You can air your grievances and explain why you won't buy their product and what it would take to make you buy it. The business may or may not decide to cater to you to get your money, but you're just going to have to deal with their decision.
I find it hard to take anyone seriously who complains about movie and music distribution while pirating movies and music. You clearly have no respect for the economic system of distributing movies and music (and all goods) in the first place. You support capitalism when it suits you, but then suddenly advocate some socialist entitlement to everything when things don't go your way. It boggles the mind. I read a Reddit post about a guy who hated EA (pretty typical) and refused to play any of their games. He wouldn't look at them or interact with them in any way. His kids knew not to ask for EA games in the store. I have a million times more respect for that guy than any person who pirates as a form of "protest."
To reiterate: businesses just see pirating customers as a lost cause. The only thing they can do is enforce copyright law or try to put better DRM on the next product. 
@_date: 2015-06-20 16:36:01
The alt already exists, it's called credit/debit cards, and bank transfers; the former are already free, and the latter are rare for the average consumer.
@_date: 2015-06-13 22:46:49


Yeah, that's the definition of fees. You crowdfund money from the people who want to send transactions and if you don't pay they're liable to just not process your transaction.
I don't have any skin in the game, but you guys are going to have to drop that "No Fees" tagline if you go this route.
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:32:41
She could just say no...? And then you would leave...? Or start threatening...? Or pull out a weapon...?
@_date: 2015-06-08 22:44:39
That's the beauty of having the largest economy in the world. You can print money to match the growth of the economy. Bitcoin meanwhile... is continuing to print money with zero economic growth. That's why the price tanked (and continues to fall).
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:37:11
It's not the court, but the prosecution
Maybe they figured the charges for attempted murder in Maryland were enough (or there's complex jurisdiction issues). Maybe they didn't have enough evidence or thought too many charges might confuse the jury. If the murder evidence is circumstantial, the defense has something to sway the jury with, which can influence the outcome of the other charges as well. Sometimes it's better to focus on the definitive crimes you can easily prove beyond a reasonable doubt.
He probably also wasn't going to get the death penalty even if convicted on the attempted murders, and they could get life without parole without those charges. Why make things more difficult than need be?
@_date: 2015-06-02 12:11:47
The joke is that the Silk Road allowed drugs to be mailed to people (which according to eliminates all of the violence in the drug trade), so Ross was actually doing Obama a favor. finds it funny, apparently.
@_date: 2015-06-16 05:52:35
I didn't know businesses should be forced to compete with people who steal their product. Let's say I spend a year writing *To Kill a Mockingbird* and publish it for $20 in bookstores. Somebody buys the book, spends an hour scanning and copying the text, and publishes it themselves for $2. Is that innovation? Are they just trying new business models?
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:10:59


So you take it upon yourself to manage money in a complicated fashion. That's cool.


Which is against the rules of the contract you signed when you opened the accounts


Did the contract you signed say "well if it's only a few cents, then it's okay..."? No.


You mean, the bank did exactly what the contract you signed specified?


It's not a small error. The system is not just going to loan "a few cents" to every Joe Schmoe who can't keep track of their checkbook. This isn't a charity. And this isn't an error. You overdrew your account. You spent more money than you have. The bank doesn't owe you shit, and you're demanding they loan out money *for free*. The only person who erred here is you.


That's nice of your bank to do something nice like that for you, since according to the terms of the contract, you owe them $35. Yet here you are complaining like they did something wrong.
But I'm sure you're totally ready to be your own bank with Bitcoin. You'll have to ask yourself to loan yourself "a few cents" and when you realize that isn't possible, you just won't be able to make your purchase because of poor money management skills.
Get a checkbook. Get multiple checkbooks if you need them. Keep a running balance of your accounts, and turn off overdraft protection. Problem solved.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:43:07
The price inflation is still horrendous though, which is pretty much all that matters if you ever want Bitcoin to go mainstream. Although I guess it kind of has to go mainstream before you get any price stability; chicken and egg, again.
Also, the main reason the price is dropping is there hasn't been a corresponding 9% increase in the "Bitcoin economy" (or demand for Bitcoin). Your supposedly infallible computer code (backed by math, right guyz?) can't seem to realize that the "Bitcoin economy" doesn't need anymore coins right now.
@_date: 2015-06-26 02:23:25
One could argue that "the natural course of the markets" is sitting in a much worse depression until the market meanders its way back to prosperity. This applies to the more recent bank bailouts: do we let the big banks fail, plunging the economy into the dark depths with unemployment rising with no end in sight for some indefinite period of time *or* bail them out and deal with a much manageable situation that will eventually recover in a few years?
We should never have let the situation get to where it was in 2008 but we're here now and have to make a decision.
Have you read Game of Thrones? When Jaime killed the mad king Aerys, he was known derisively throughout the realm as a kingslayer. He was supposed to be guarding the king and backstabbed him instead. Much later in the books we learn the king was going to burn the city down, and Jaime basically saved them.
Bailing out the banks was the lesser of two evils, one could argue.
@_date: 2015-06-26 03:03:33
If by news stories, you mean and some Bitcoin-related websites that only talk about Bitcoin and current events + bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-06-26 18:24:20


Any knowledgeable adult should realize that deposits are not instant. You need to leave adequate time for that money to enter the account before spending it. It's as simple as calling the bank's phone number and the automated system will tell you the balance of the account and confirm the deposit (or check online or an app). With modern technology it's ridiculously easy to confirm your balance and this shouldn't be a problem at all. Leave a buffer amount of money in the account at all times if you're really so worried.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:46:42


Clearly. You can't. Credit cards outpace you in every way.


That's what happens when you create a solution for a problem that doesn't exist.


Uh, I like credit cards, not Bitcoin. I can't leave because I never entered.


I wouldn't touch Bitcoin with a ten-foot pole.
@_date: 2015-06-20 19:58:58


Because... comedy gold.
@_date: 2015-06-30 14:29:43
Inflation is an effect here, not a cause. It doesn't matter what caused it, Bitcoin's price tumbled, and prices (if anything was actually even denominated in Bitcoins) would have sharply rose.
That is a very real inflation, price inflation. It's also why nothing is priced in Bitcoins, and a Bitcoin economy doesn't exist. It's way too  volatile, so things are priced in a stable currency like USD.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:24:21
People have been saying that since forever, and the US is still here. It didn't fall apart in the 50s, or 60s, or 70s, 80s, 90s, or anytime in the new millennium, but gold-bug libertarians will keep hoarding their precious metals and Bitcoins and saying "any day/month/year now it's gonna collapse." Keep dreaming, buddy.
Trust me, no government collapse is pretty. Revolutions are bloody awful things and one shouldn't be too eager to start one, especially over something so petty as selling heroin and crack to addicts.
@_date: 2015-06-02 12:38:27
If anyone has a reason to shill, it's Bitcoiners who bought at $600 and are getting desperate. is made up of people who wouldn't touch Bitcoin with a ten foot pole and are just here for the lulz, along with the more sane Bitcoiners. Neither of those is getting paid to do anything.
Bank or fiat-backed shills don't exist, except in the minds of Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-06-16 18:21:43


The FBI is also going to be on your ass if you're running any sort of decent size operation. Profiting off of copyrighted content is a federal crime. 
@_date: 2015-06-25 18:30:32
Because the actions of an island with only 300,000 people and a GDP of 15 billion is totally translatable to a world power with 3 million people and a GDP of 17 trillion. Totally.
@_date: 2015-06-01 02:20:55
The Today Show will pay you a few thousand dollars for an interview leaking the cover-up, and that's better than living in fear of the Department of Justice indicting you for corruption someday. There's no way the conspiracy theories dreams up would ever work in real life.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:18:23
Bitcoin needs a fuckton of hope, because without a several orders of magnitude increase in transaction numbers, there'll be no profit left for miners after a halving or two combined with the steady difficulty increase. You'll have to increase transaction fees to make them stick around, which makes what's already a lackluster implementation even crappier, and will just drive down transaction numbers even further. Bitcoin's economic policy requires it to be popular, and even then it still has some big errors.
@_date: 2015-06-16 04:54:36


The standard ATM fee is $0 if it's your own bank (which should have plenty of ATMs in your area). Otherwise, I've only seen it as a flat fee ($3 maybe), not a percent.
@_date: 2015-06-01 16:39:27
It's in the prosecution's letter to the judge on sentencing recommendation that I linked above, page 16.


They cite Ross's own letter to the judge for the "role-playing" claim. I think that one was linked on front page a couple days ago, but I haven't read it. I guess he could always come up with a new defense for the Maryland trial, because this one clearly isn't going to work. Although, there's really no point, as he's already got life without parole.
@_date: 2015-06-02 23:07:36
Obviously there are many shades of gray in between extremes, but yeah, if you are aware that illegal activities are happening and doing nothing to stop them, but letting them blatantly advertise and collecting profit off of it, that's a crime. I'm sure drugs are exchanged and sold in regular old cafes or night clubs all of the time, but it's done in secret by two individual parties, and if the owner finds out they're liable to kick them out and/or report them.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:57:01
The highest income tax bracket in the US is 39.6% and that's only on the income past $406,751. Business taxes are also a joke, they get more tax breaks than anybody. Some of the biggest businesses have so many deductions they pay nothing.
The mafia also only protects you if you have money in the first place. Having no income isn't a crime under the government and you still get police and fire service, a military to protect you, bus service, and everything else. Even if you can't pay your taxes, as long as you file and make an honest attempt they will set up a payment plan. It's only malicious tax evasion that leads to jail. They don't break your knee caps or toss you in the river like a mafia or loan shark you owe money to.
But haha, cool joke.
@_date: 2015-06-29 16:44:44
The probability would just be 1/2 to the 100th power, right? So the odds are:


He forgot to subtract 1 when converting to odds.
That's 1 nonillion, or 10^(30). Wikipedia says that's roughly the number of bacterial cells on Earth.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:29:04
In a lot of states it's the jury that decides whether the death penalty is warranted in capital crimes cases.
@_date: 2015-06-19 16:30:14


Debtor's prisons haven't existed since the mid-1800s. And this isn't even a fair analogy. Nobody ever "went to jail" for spending more cash than they had in their wallet. You can loan Bitcoins with interest like any other currency.


[That's because there are much easier ways to steal your Bitcoins.](


Not sure where you're going with this one.
@_date: 2015-06-01 01:37:11
It's not the court, but the prosecution
Maybe they figured the charges for attempted murder in Maryland were enough (or there's complex jurisdiction issues). Maybe they didn't have enough evidence or thought too many charges might confuse the jury. If the murder evidence is circumstantial, the defense has something to sway the jury with, which can influence the outcome of the other charges as well. Sometimes it's better to focus on the definitive crimes you can easily prove beyond a reasonable doubt.
He probably also wasn't going to get the death penalty even if convicted on the attempted murders, and they could get life without parole without those charges. Why make things more difficult than need be?
@_date: 2015-06-03 09:59:30
I like how this situation was entirely resolved with a credit card. And if you had payed with a credit card in the first place and it went bad, you could just chargeback.
Bitcoin's going to the moon any day now.
@_date: 2015-06-01 17:56:24


A lot of what the government funds is public domain or freely accessible to the public, from scientific studies to NASA pictures. There's GPS, the Tor Network, the internet itself at one time, and lots of other stuff I can't think of. Your tax dollars paid for it, after all.


Uh, it would work. See: USD economy. I don't think the world's largest economy would grow around an egregiously unfair system. Everything is unfair for some definition of unfair. I could say Bitcoin is unfair because practically half the coins that will ever exist are in the hands of less than 100,000 people.


I'm sure there are complex economic arguments about this, and one could talk all day, but the ability to expand and contract the amount of money allows you to match it with the growth of the economy or pursue other economic goals, which can change as time goes on. Something like Bitcoin, which just prints money at a decreasing rate and then stops, has no intelligence or ability to assess the corresponding economy. The creator just made a guess at what the right economic policy and timeframe is, and let it go for 150 years. It's got a cult following after 5 years, but in 10 or 20 years you may realize "Hey we need more coins" or "Hey we need to stop producing coins" or "hey, this deflation sucks" and you can't change it.
 &gt; Can you trust your government?
I know a Philosophy 101 essay question when I see one.
@_date: 2015-06-12 02:25:04
[According to Google (via xkcd)](
* Atlantis begins to reappear
* Orangutans extinct in the wild
* China lands men and women on Moon
* NASA sets up permanent Moon base
* Female professionals pass males in pay
I'm not sure how you can top 2018 or 2023 though, with Jesus returning and all.
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:50:38
No, I'm talking actual trade done in Bitcoin, not traditional investments in Bitcoin-focused companies. 
@_date: 2015-06-02 12:05:43


Yet your freedom of speech is still a well-protected right. You're complaining on a public internet forum right now. And I'm pretty sure greater than 50% of the population doesn't mind that Ross went to jail for criminal enterpise, so that's not exactly "crushing dissent."
Also, regarding your agorism links and crap, voluntary exchanges suck for anyone but the rich and powerful. Wages would be far below the minimum wage set by the government currently, because there's plenty of people looking for work. The rich are free to trample everyone else, pay off someone to fix whatever problems they face, all in the name of "voluntary exchange." Bribes would be commonplace, they wouldn't even be bribes, money would just be how you got things done. You're essentially advocating some sort of medieval feudalism where the guy with the money can afford the army and pretty much do what they want. The rest of us are stuck working for him because the only other alternative is to go die in a ditch. There's a reason we transitioned away from that society.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:06:56


Walmart doesn't sell highly addictive and dangerous things deemed unfit for sale by society. Big difference.


Yes, in a controlled environment under very specific conditions they have uses. But using them to get high and "feel good" tends to have destructive effects. I remember a Reddit user who talked about how meth ruined his life. Everything from sex to daily activities was so much more amazing while on meth, and now life feels dark and dreary. He's basically stuck being depressed for the rest of his life, always wishing he could experience that high again.
You also don't seem to understand that it's not a simple on-off switch. Not *everything* has to be legal. Society can pick and choose what they approve of and you're going to have to be okay with that. You can work to change society's view, but often society has good reasons for banning stuff, and "fuck you, free will" is not a good reason to make something legal.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:28:36
Life isn't always fair. Society, for whatever reason, likes alcohol and decided it's worth keeping around despite its detrimental effects. Alcohol from a regulated, FDA-approved brewery isn't quite so heinous as heroin, cocaine, and synthetic LSD made up of God-only-knows-what, which is what resulted in the deaths linked to Silk Road.
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:22:29
TIL innovation = I should be allowed to watch Game of Thrones for free whenever I want.
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:33:31
Bitcoin is basically reinventing modern banking, while retracing its steps several times. The world already went through this growing process and discarded ideas like storing your money yourself for better ideas like putting them in an insured institution dedicated to protecting your money. But if the Bitcoiners here want to experience all the growing pains of ancient times, who am I to stop them?
@_date: 2015-05-04 05:20:04


I can play this game too. Also citation needed on the "decline is accelerating" with regards to the dollar.
@_date: 2015-05-18 02:08:28




In a way patents are what keep this from happening in a negative way. A patent helps someone who invented something in their garage secure their rights to it and allow them time to start up a company to market it or safely allow them to pitch it to companies willing to manufacture it.
Most inventions can be easily taken apart to see how they work and copied. A large company will almost always be able to copy and put to market a smaller company's invention before the smaller company ever recuperates their investment (which could take years). The large company has more resources, more advertising ability, and a larger client base. 
Without patents, you wouldn't even have to acknowledge that it's someone else's creation. Whether it's an invention, or copyright in general, being able to take someone's book, movie, game, whatever, claim it's mine and sell it is just ethically and legally wrong. Yes, eventually intellectual property should enter the public domain and reasonable limits need to be set on copyright terms instead of the horrendous ones we have now, but you'd be naive to think the amount and quality of creative work that is made today would still exist without IP. You'd have to radically redefine our economic system if you think intellectual property should be free from the moment of creation. It wouldn't work under our current capitalist system.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:42:10
Imagine someone knocking on your door demanding "protection" money. Are you going to tell this guy and his three friends with guns to fuck off or pay up? Call the cops? Oh wait, the state doesn't exist... 
That's when the gang from three counties over rolls through, steals all your food and supplies and leaves you dead in a gutter. GG anarchist.
@_date: 2015-05-04 05:06:40
The United States's promise is probably the best promise you could get in the modern world (with regards to money, anyway). It's in the Constitution (14th amendment):


That's why Treasury bonds are considered the safest investment in the world. You are literally guaranteed a return on your money; the government will make good on that debt unless they don't exist (and if the US doesn't exist, you're fucked anyway). The US also has the largest GDP and economy in the world, which in a sense backs the US dollar and gives it legitimacy.


This is pathetic. Bitcoin is "backed by computers" in the sense that it's mathematically sound but nowhere does it say "One bitcoin is worth five loaves of bread" or "a million ounces of gold." Your Bitcoins can be "backed by computers" and still worthless. And "community?" WTF? You could say the same thing about USD. US dollars have a million times larger community than Bitcoin, though, so if anything you're assigning more legitimacy to fiat.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:06:07
Have you read the [prosecution's letter to the judge]( There are two sides to every story. 
You argue that Silk Roads should be commonplace. Are you aware of the destructive effects of addictive drugs? Or do you just deny that the suppliers of these drugs hold no responsibility for the deaths and destruction they cause? Drug dealers should be respected members of society, filling their capitalist niche with the demand for addictive drugs? Your kid should have equal access to heroin, cocaine, and meth just as much as fresh fruits and veggies? Drug dealers are not obligated to warn their users of the harmful effects of the drugs they sell? They don't even have to be real drugs; I can sell fake shit on the internet, and it's up to internet users to figure out who's selling the good stuff, and who's scamming? 
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:49:59
They were also only a colony of a country that was an ocean away. Britain could easily cut its losses and still be successful (as we can see today). The Civil War is a much better comparison. It's been established now that states have no right to secede, and any uprising that doesn't have popular support is most likely doomed to fail.
@_date: 2015-05-18 22:43:29
These cars don't constantly drive around. They're used to bring ATMs to events in isolated locations (think town picnic grounds or outdoor concerts). The event coordinators or owners of the lot are almost certainly charging them to park their mobile ATM there during the event. Nonmobile ATMs don't make sense because these places are empty most of the time.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:53:59
It was submitted as evidence in this trial though, and the defense ~~did nothing to counter it~~ claimed that it was role-playing (WTF?). [It was even mentioned at sentencing.](


absurd suggestion in his sentencing submission that these murder-for-hire attempts were mere masquerade or role-playing, (Def.s Ltr. dated May 22, 2015, at 37)  Ulbricht clearly believed that all of the murders were real and intended for them to occur. He paid for them with $650,000 in Bitcoins  transferred directly from a Bitcoin wallet on his laptop.^(16) He coldly noted the arrangement and execution of the murders-for-hire in entries in his log file on his computer.^(17) And he excitedly reported one of the murders-for-hire in a chat with VJ.^(18) Ironically, in his public pronouncements on Silk Road in the voice of DPR, Ulbricht portrayed himself as a champion of freedom on the Silk Road website, opposed to the use of any kind of force against others. In truth, Ulbricht was just as willing as a traditional kingpin to use intimidation and violence in furtherance of his criminal enterprise.^(19)








said, have the hells angels contact me so i can work something out . . . very foolishly he did . . .
they said they caught up with lucy, got the product back and killed him)


Pretty damning if you ask me. The whole letter is a good read, and shows just what he is responsible for.
@_date: 2015-05-01 14:53:13
Because your average person is pretty dumb about what a government/country needs to function and nobody has the time or wants to spend time running a country. Makes much more sense to elect someone to represent your interests, let him deal with governing, and you can spend your time doing things you enjoy.
@_date: 2015-05-15 17:56:16
Those are all insured, though. If you lose your Bitcoins (or I guess hypothetical FedCoin) you're shit out of luck. That's why it'll never work.
@_date: 2015-05-04 05:14:44


Take away the belief and fanaticism surrounding Bitcoin, and you have some strings of numbers in a computer.
"Real, organic value" is essentially what you can do with something besides use it as currency. Gold is shiny and people like to use it for jewelry or electronics. You can't really do much with USD or Bitcoins, though. Their worth is only what you assign to them (and a hell of a lot more people trust the US government than an internet cult).
Also, Bitcoin's fiscal policy (the distribution of coins, etc.) is destroying what little economy it ever had, so it's hard to see any future in it.
@_date: 2015-05-21 04:47:35




This stuff is covered in grade school and high school history if you grew up in the US. Things were really bad before the Food and Drug Administration existed. Companies could pass off anything as food or medicine and make any claim they wanted about what it would cure.










[History of the Food and Drug Administration](




Yelp only works for restaurants. You would have no idea what goes into the foods you buy at the grocery store (or the food that restaurants cook with). Companies only follow sanitation and food preparation laws because they have to. If they didn't they would quickly stop doing that and push out the cheapest product that was still somewhat edible. Sure, the wealthier may be able to afford high quality food, but the poor are stuck with something you can't really call food. Then there's everything you wouldn't even know could end up in your food. It might not look or taste bad at first, but could end up being harmful.
And market feedback doesn't really work with medicines. Oh, only 100 people had to die to realize we *maybe* shouldn't buy this product. Companies could literally test their concoctions on the market. I'm sure you think reputation backlash will prevent companies from doing this, but that doesn't work. They will always try this because there are always people that just buy the cheapest thing claiming to work; it should just be straight up illegal.
And finally, if market feedback worked so well, why were there all these problems back in the early 20th century? The public was literally crying out for the government to deal with this when it was exposed. Poor immigrants can't do much to change the way companies act. Sure things moved a little slower back then and we have things like the internet today, but instant communication doesn't let you see the inner workings of factories or food-packing plants.
I don't think I need to prove environmental problems for you. Companies would care very little for the environment. Most consumers wouldn't know about it or wouldn't care themselves because the effects take years or decades to appear. Pesticides can run off into streams and ruin drinking water, factory pollution ruins the air. Just look at China, where their economy is so fueled by manufacturing that environmental concerns take a backseat. Even with existing regulation, this is still a problem in first-world nations.




Okay, but market feedback doesn't solve everything. You'd think there'd be one successful society on earth working this way if it was such a great thing. Yet every society with a high standard of living has a rather active government looking out for the people's best interests. Capitalism and greed aren't looking out for anyone's best interest but the company.
While third-world African countries have governments, those with little power are not great places to live. I was arguing that solid and stable government correlates very well with standard of living on earth.
@_date: 2015-05-30 07:11:06
That site seems to only support the legalization of marijuana, the sale of which was only a small part of Ross's crimes. They even tell you all about how horrible heroin and meth are:










I don't think there's any organizations out there trying to legalize marijuana, heroin, cocaine, crack, synthetic LSD, counterfeit IDs, and hacking software. So Ulbricht would still be going to jail.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:54:54
Explain to me the part where he was coerced into creating a drug empire that netted him over $15 million.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:17:00
Uh, having prescription drugs without a prescription is illegal as far as I'm aware.
And yeah, that's kind of how society works. If they think something is bad for society, then it's illegal. Deal with it. Work for change or move to a different society, but if you decide to break the law anyway, don't be surprised when you're convicted and sent to jail. You're the only one who decided to break the law and put your mother through everything as a consequence of that.
@_date: 2015-05-21 04:47:07




This stuff is covered in grade school and high school history if you grew up in the US. Things were really bad before the Food and Drug Administration existed. Companies could pass off anything as food or medicine and make any claim they wanted about what it would cure.










[History of the Food and Drug Administration](




Yelp only works for restaurants. You would have no idea what goes into the foods you buy at the grocery store (or the food that restaurants cook with). Companies only follow sanitation and food preparation laws because they have to. If they didn't they would quickly stop doing that and push out the cheapest product that was still somewhat edible. Sure, the wealthier may be able to afford high quality food, but the poor are stuck with something you can't really call food. Then there's everything you wouldn't even know could end up in your food. It might not look or taste bad at first, but could end up being harmful.
And market feedback doesn't really work with medicines. Oh, only 100 people had to die to realize we *maybe* shouldn't buy this product. Companies could literally test their concoctions on the market. I'm sure you think reputation backlash will prevent companies from doing this, but that doesn't work. They will always try this because there are always people that just buy the cheapest thing claiming to work; it should just be straight up illegal.
And finally, if market feedback worked so well, why were there all these problems back in the early 20th century? The public was literally crying out for the government to deal with this when it was exposed. Poor immigrants can't do much to change the way companies act. Sure things moved a little slower back then and we have things like the internet today, but instant communication doesn't let you see the inner workings of factories or food-packing plants.
I don't think I need to prove environmental problems for you. Companies would care very little for the environment. Most consumers wouldn't know about it or wouldn't care themselves because the effects take years or decades to appear. Pesticides can run off into streams and ruin drinking water, factory pollution ruins the air. Just look at China, where their economy is so fueled by manufacturing that environmental concerns take a backseat. Even with existing regulation, this is still a problem in first-world nations.




Okay, but market feedback doesn't solve everything. You'd think there'd be one successful society on earth working this way if it was such a great thing. Yet every society with a high standard of living has a rather active government looking out for the people's best interests. Capitalism and greed aren't looking out for anyone's best interest but the company.
While third-world African countries have governments, those with little power are not great places to live. I was arguing that solid and stable government correlates very well with standard of living on earth.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:11:37
Do you have a better idea? Let the judge decide? Let the internet decide?
Ross's defense lawyer had just as much opportunity to make a case as the prosecution, and he was convicted because there was a mountain of evidence. I'm pretty sure the defense didn't even bother trying to say he didn't do it because it was an airtight case, but argued over some other tangent.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:31:24
An economist is smart enough to realize that the value of your money is not the end-all, be-all of currency. If some slight inflation stimulates the economy, then maybe it's not such a bad thing (you can probably argue about this all day, I'm no economist and doubt you are so there you go).
@_date: 2015-05-08 20:48:05


Like existing fiat-based systems?


Like what's been happening over the past year and a half?
Why are we using Bitcoin again?
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:00:59
Maybe heroin, cocaine, and synthetic LSD are actually highly addictive? Addicts waste thousands of dollars fueling their addictions, destroy their own lives, their family's, their friend's, all in pursuit of that high. Synthetic LSD (made up of who-knows-what) makes you do crazy shit like jump off a balcony and kill yourself (like happened here). There is no good reason for this stuff to be legal, and anyone supplying it is well aware of its destructive effects.
Or would you be totally comfortable with your 16-year old kid taking his perfectly legal meth, heroin, cocaine, and LSD tabs to a party with his friends? Regular users of those can totally grow up to be well-adjusted down-to-earth adults?
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:05:53
The first-world entitlement is killing me here.


You steal copyrighted content and then complain when it downloads too slow? WTF? YOU'RE LITERALLY GETTING **FREE** ACCESS TO CONTENT **THAT COST MILLIONS OF DOLLARS TO MAKE** AND COMPLAINING.
So you decide to pay someone else to steal the content and throw it on some high bandwith servers? That person is the epitome of an  unnecessary middleman (aren't we on the antithesis of middlemen?). They are committing a federal crime (selling pirated works) and you want to pay them money to do it. SO YOU CAN GET YOUR ALREADY FREE STOLEN SHIT A LITTLE FASTER? It boggles the fucking mind.
Here's a radical idea. Just go pay content creators for their hard work. Buy a $7/month Netflix subscription. If something costs too much, get over it and find something else to do. Grow up and be an adult. You sound like a four-year-old having a temper tantrum. Our job isn't to cater to your specific "HD and perfect streaming" needs at a ridiculously low price point. Get over it.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:53:36
Silk Road sold counterfeit identity documents, computer hacking tools and services made for fraud and identity theft, and of course highly addictive drugs that fueled thousands of addictions and probably resulted in more than a few deaths. Ulbricht profited several million dollars off of the whole thing. And you want to fucking pardon him?
@_date: 2015-05-21 20:06:43
YouTube already capitalized on this model. Turns out you make a shitload more money showing viewers ads and the video for what appears to be free, rather than charging users an explicit amount of money per minute to watch. Charging for discrete chunks of time or data died in the phone industry and the internet provider industry (although we still have data caps there).
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:26:58
Haven't close to 50% of the total coins already been distributed? That's to probably less than 100,000 people which is just horrendous wealth inequality.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:46:01
* Jordan M. (27) - acute intoxication from heroin, Xanax, and valium, all bought on Silk Road
* Preston B. (16) - jumped off a balcony under the effects of synthetic LSD, provided by a friend who bought it on Silk Road
* Bryan B. (25) - died from opiates bought off of Silk Road, which he was just trying for the first time according to his internet searches
* Alejandro N. (16) - drug overdose, provided synthetic LSD by a friend who bought them on Silk Road
* Scott W. (36) - died from multiple drug toxicity, had over 70 orders on Silk Road over half a year
* Jacob L. (22) - consumed heroin, cocaine, and meth which aggravated his pneumonia and killed him, had 30 orders on Silk Road over a year






@_date: 2015-05-01 08:22:43
My point is you don't *know* it will ever be a global currency. The Bitcoin protocol will keep spitting out coins, not being able to realize that it doesn't need to support a global economy because it doesn't know it doesn't exist.
@_date: 2015-05-03 07:10:59
Most Bitcoiners are inherent promoters because they stand to gain by the Bitcoin price rising (especially when they're currently holding a losing investment). If anything, a Buttcoiner not invested in Bitcoin can be *more* objective because they have no skin in the game.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:42:38


I never said it was. If you read my last sentence carefully, I'm saying that deflation is just as bad as inflation for a currency (specifically, the economy built around that currency).


Hey, I'm not the guy that [said Bitcoins would be worth greater than $10,000 by 2015](


While you didn't provide any sources, the government saying a dollar is worth this much gold doesn't mean the market values it at that (see: Argentina). And further, you're operating under the assumption that inflation is always bad and can never be good. Small amounts of inflation can be beneficial. It motivates people to invest their money in the economy instead of hoarding it. Businesses would not exist unless someone is willing to fund them, and when your money generates new value just sitting around, there's no reason to risk funding a business.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:09:43
Uh yeah, attempted murder is an aggravating factor to the criminal enterprise charge. He wasn't just a good guy who let his market get away from him, he was actively trying to off anyone that was a threat to his empire.
It's very relevant to sentencing, indicating he should receive a sentence on the high end of the range allowed for "criminal enterprise."
@_date: 2015-05-08 13:53:21
That's exactly what normal fiat-based banks do. Nice of Bitcoin to finally want to catch up to the real world.
@_date: 2015-05-18 21:27:24
You ever been on the defaults? Reddit has no qualms with pirating Game of Thrones the day it's released (or before that even). Apparently the internet entitles them to everything.
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:21:21
Have you actually made anything worthwhile? Like invested days, months of time and probably a significant amount of money into making? And you are okay with me just waltzing in, saying "Hey, this has potential," posting it on my really popular website as my own work where it gets tons of sales, and you don't get a dime?
What the hell do you mean by "information?" Is my blockbuster movie that cost $200 million to produce "information?" I can't profit off of that? Why the hell should I even make it then? AAA video games? Why should I write *To Kill a Mockingbird* when everyone thinks they should be allowed to own it for free? I have to eat, you know? Guess I'll just go do something else because these assholes think my creations should just be free for the taking.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:28:24


This is generally a bad thing for society.


What? The law is the law created by legislators. Their job description is apply the law to criminals. How exactly are you surprised by this?


Don't even know what you're trying to say here. Judges literally read the law and apply it.


Go live somewhere else then.
@_date: 2015-05-15 05:07:27
Yeah, because of the misguided and cultish belief that it will make them all rich someday. They're not here for the experiment. If you were from the future and could tell them that Bitcoin is still only worth 50 bucks 20 years from now, 90% of this sub would dump it and look for some other get-rich-quick scheme.
@_date: 2015-05-02 10:51:33


The "but" is unnecessary here when you begin your sentence with "although."
@_date: 2015-05-18 02:13:27


Yeah man, I could just feel that punch in the gut when the purchasing power of my money dropped 10% overnight. Wait, that's not USD, that was Bitcoin.
Any stable first-world currency loses maybe 2-4% of purchasing power per year. That's only noticeable over the span of multiple years, and nobody who isn't an idiot hoards cash for years. You can throw that shit in a low risk investment plan and easily outpace inflation over any span where inflation is actually noticeable.
And... maybe that money I invested to outpace inflation is now being used by a business to generate an economy. Deflation sure as hell isn't doing Bitcoin's economy any favors (Bitcoin won't be deflationary for like another decade anyway).
@_date: 2015-05-02 10:58:45


Or, you know, there isn't enough gold in the world to conduct trade on a global scale.
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:35:25
Your solution to the IRS accusing you of tax fraud is actually committing tax fraud?
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:36:57
A bank is a pretty logical place for a coin counting machine.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:47:01
Exactly. The US government has zero problems with you storing your money in Bitcoins, or antique furniture, or Euros, or beanie babies, or livestock. You're free to be an idiot and make yourself susceptible to the wildly volatile worth and liquidity of those items. Convert it into fiat on tax day or when you owe money to someone who demands real money, and live the rest of your life in peace. 
@_date: 2015-05-25 16:41:54
Yes, thank you. Every time someone says "in the future we'll just 3D print ______," I want to punch something. No, unless it's completely made out of some type of plastic you won't be 3D-printing it before you're old and gray. 
Also, people keep thinking it's going to be so much better to print their own stuff. No, unless you're looking for some unique hard-to-find part, it's going to be much cheaper to just drive to the store and buy one that was made in China for a couple pennies. Economies of scale will always make products of mass production cheaper, and that's not even including the cost of your own time.
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:53:02


@_date: 2015-05-29 23:47:36
Let me know when you actually want to discuss this.
@_date: 2015-05-01 04:27:42


No, appropriations can be for no longer than 2 years. They simply have to be reviewed every two years. They're essentially reviewed every year as the military budget is adjusted with the rest of the budget.


I'm pretty sure the budget is public information. If you're really concerned about the details, you can file a FOIA request for it if it isn't classified.
The rest of you post is just a history story, which while interesting, doesn't mean much. All that really matters is what we have today.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:22:20
It's a "reasonably foreseeable act." Heroin is illegal ostensibly because it's ridiculously easy to become addicted and kill yourself overdosing. Anyone supplying heroin knows this. One cannot sign away their rights to kill themselves. If I sign a waiver releasing the guy who owns the rock-climbing wall from any culpability if I injure myself, that doesn't matter IF HE KNEW THE WALL WAS STRUCTURALLY UNSAFE AND UNFIT FOR USE. Similarly, you are responsible for what your illegal drugs cause if it was something easily foreseeable.
If I steal a stop sign from an intersection and someone dies as a result, am I guilty only of theft, or manslaughter as well? You could argue that the death was a reasonably foreseeable effect of stealing the stop sign and I'm guilty of manslaughter/murder.
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:42:44


Based on what, your preconceived notions about him? If anyone was putting out hits, it's probably the guy running a criminal enterprise and making more than $17 million off it.
@_date: 2015-05-28 02:57:03
You're going to constantly pay a $10 fee each time you want to buy something?
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:36:03
Even if you ignore the drug convictions, there were still three other non-drug charges:
* Computer hacking
* Money laundering
* Criminal enterprise (there was more than just drugs moving through that place and he knew it)
Doesn't sound like a "victim" to me. And I don't think it was just marijuana being sold there, but actual hard drugs, prescription drugs, and shit used only for nefarious purposes, none of which will ever be legal.
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:27:27
You both benefit. You get a secure place to store your money (and debit card and ATM use) and the bank gets capital that they can loan out to profit off of. That's why it's free.
If you want the bank to just lock your money in the vault so it's always there when you want it, then you're going to have to pay a monthly fee for that.
@_date: 2015-05-25 23:49:14


Yeah, they realized the loss of business due to making fun of some niche internet currency is negligible. They probably get more than enough new sign-ups and orders every day to compensate for the few Bitcoiners "protesting."
@_date: 2015-05-06 22:41:14
In police interrogation you should say "I exercise my right to remain silent and would like to speak to a lawyer" and not say anything else besides how to contact your lawyer. Don't just say "I plead the fifth." They'll just move on to a new question.
@_date: 2015-05-03 07:08:48
And this is why "Why doesn't Coin Fire just charge us a few cents to view the one article?" argument is stupid. Some asshat will copy it all for everyone to see for free.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:35:02
You guys are getting desperate if you have to trick people into thinking your currency isn't so volatile as to be useless.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:21:35


Yeah, back in the early 20th century companies were surely acting in everyone's best interest with the amount of pollution and shit ending up in our food.
Environmental and food preparation regulations, along with regular inspections, are clearly holding us back.


Should we just go back to vigilantism and lynchings? Roving gangs who dispense their own justice seems to be working brilliantly in third-world African countries.
@_date: 2015-05-12 16:34:59


* Price down 80% over last year and a half
* Many merchants are not accepting Bitcoin anymore
* The community can't agree on anything
* The "solutions" to all your problems, sidechains and lightning networks, don't exist
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:52:15
Exactly. You see the same thing in the pharmaceutical industry. You can spend hundreds of millions of dollars chasing what turns out to be a dead end. Patents that ensure them a decade of exclusivity are the only way for them to recuperate the costs of developing a drug and all the failed avenues before they found something that worked. That's just the nature of drug research, it's hit and miss.
Without patents, no one would waste money researching and developing because that money would never be earned back, *or* created drugs would be monopolized forever, carefully protected secrets by the company. That stifles innovation more than anything. 
@_date: 2015-05-15 05:17:00
And yes, it's a well known fact that the average American lives in constant fear of being handed counterfeit bills. 
USD's "counterfeiting problem" is orders of magnitude less of a problem than the many ways you can fuck up/get scammed with a Bitcoin transaction.
Your internet tokens gain and lose value rather significantly when someone drops a few hundred dollars on an exchange, but you act like some counterfeiting is going to doom the currency backing the largest economy in the world. lol.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:45:31


The government did not decide to charge him for that.




The evidence was submitted and allowed because it shows the depths he went to to control his criminal enterprise. The defense had just as much time and ability to talk about the evidence as the prosecution. They claimed it was role-playing. This was all done before the guilty verdict. 
Before sentencing, the government cited it in their letter as a reason for a stiffer penalty.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:33:33
Do they charge a fee, though? We may have to drop the "No fees" tagline from Bitcoin now...
@_date: 2015-05-15 05:35:50
[From Wikipedia](


@_date: 2015-05-20 23:32:55


You don't think his defense lawyer has considered that? Presumably the evidence is sound or it would be brought up in court and he wouldn't be convicted.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:29:25
Did you not read what he said? They literally don't care, it's an insignificant amount of money. OP gave him the discount for free anyway.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:25:50
Psssttt.... the dollar also started out worthless... Everything starts at zero worth, dude. Just cause your USD value chart you found on Google starts in 1901 doesn't mean that's the beginning of its value. Also, if you were smart, you'd realize that a $0 to $200 increase in value may be good for *an investment* but is just as shitty for a currency as inflation.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:38:02
You're the only one unwilling to put up a real argument. You throw up a few edgy keywords like that somehow validates Ulbricht's actions. It doesn't change the fact that he ran a criminal enterprise, profiting off the distribution of counterfeit IDs, hacking software, and addictive and dangerous drugs. Are you claiming that didn't all happen, or it isn't a crime?
@_date: 2015-05-24 00:45:59
The point is that your "tech / programming circles" are not what made the computer market explode. Companies like Microsoft created usable GUIs that any idiot can learn to use; they brought computers to the masses. You didn't need to know how to code, or interpret the foreign words and numbers on the screen that a computer is spitting out at you (and then respond with equally foreign commands). You just need to move a mouse to click on things that you can easily understand because it's all visual and interactive.
If you want the masses to use your product, it needs to be dead simple, and you shouldn't have to explain the technical and economic underpinnings to make it sound good. Nobody cares about that stuff. Nobody cares about how much money is created or how it gets into their wallet. They just want money that works and holds a constant value. Bitcoin can't do either of those things; it isn't simple to use by any stretch of the imagination, and none of its "advantages" are worth anything to mainstream folks.
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:40:56


Because a majority of your democratically-elected representatives in Congress voted to make them legal/illegal, and it was then signed by the President, in accordance with the Constitution. That's as good as it gets. You can work to peacefully change the law, or practice civil disobedience and do your protesting from jail. While a good part of society may want to legalize marijuana, they probably don't think it's worth going to jail over, and would rather let peaceful change take its course. Something that basic human rights may be worth fighting over, but smoking marijuana is not one of them.
This has nothing to do with Ulbricht's crimes however, which were just horrendous. Kingpin of a criminal enterprise, reckless endangerment of people's lives, and no guilt whatsoever. I suggest you read through [the prosecution's letter to the judge on sentencing]( which details exactly what he did (all properly cited to trial evidence). It's no surprise he got life in prison.
@_date: 2015-05-07 14:02:36
The guy I'm replying to used TSA in his last sentence. OP even said "TSA/border guy." I understand he's in Europe, but I was just responding to hypothetical.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:41:46
Probably because that's a horrible idea? 99% of Bitcoiners are sitting on a loss with coins bought in the last two years. Those who got in the game earlier make up a fraction of the current community. There's no good reason to buy Bitcoin when there's no indication of it gaining in value.
Businesses want to make money; that's how capitalism works. Investing in Bitcoin has about the same amount of risk as the CEO taking the company coffers and putting it all on 24 at the roulette table.
@_date: 2015-05-21 00:08:38


So like the rest of Reddit?


Yes, Bitcoiners have never made fun of things like fiat, banks, MasterCard, Western Union. You guys love to point out "faults" in these institutions, but they are still as successful as ever, and Bitcoin is still in internet backwaters.


With weekly posts of someone losing all their coins or getting scammed or paying $20,000 in transaction fees because of shitty code, fantasy posts about what the future with Bitcoin will be like (and how you'll all be rich), the cult-like praise given towards Satoshi, and the severe misunderstanding of basic economics and monetary policy, it's hard to think that you guys aren't the fools. Your internet tokens have invented more problems than the current banking systems ever had.
Bitcoins are truly a solution in search of a problem.
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:52:25
[Even xkcd is making fun of you.](
@_date: 2015-05-09 22:03:03
Bitcoin sure is going places when the community belittles anyone who loses their coins. This would have literally never happened with legacy fiat systems, so it's no surprise that so many people are turned off by Bitcoin.
There can't be anything wrong with our internet tokens, you just didn't read and understand these thousands of pages and forum posts on internet security...
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:20:19


I can't watch your YouTube link (slow internet), but what do you mean by "real accountability?" Private security just do what the person who pays them tells them to do. So whoever has the largest private security is free to do whatever they want, including trample over everyone else. This is how gangs work.
See: Somalia, and every other third-world hellhole.
@_date: 2015-05-28 02:55:09
That's not a paradigm shift; that's a new marketing strategy. Einstein's theory of relativity was a paradigm shift. Businesses have no problem getting customers as it is now. There's no reason to explore a niche currency and take a loss to get two Bitcoin customers a month in the door.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:01:01
That's probably illegal if this was any sort of legitimate phone operation.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:38:56
If you have an account at the bank it's usually free. Otherwise, yeah, there's a fee. The coin counting machine cost money to buy and it costs money to run. If you don't have anything to offer the bank, there's no reason to let you use it for free. That's just business.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:31:56
Yes it is. If you know that a drug is highly addictive and there's a good chance they'll overdose on it, and you sell them it, you are culpable in their death. Heroin and cocaine are perfect examples of this (and what those in the deaths linked to Silk Road died off).
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:48:04


Are you trying to piss off your landlord? Quadrupling your electricity bill beyond a standard person's usage is  probably the quickest way to do that, and you might be on the hook for it depending on your lease.
Also, this is called taking advantage of someone else, and to those who actually have a sense of morality, that would be a bad thing. Be a decent human being and don't take advantage of your included utilities. You'll end up paying your own electric bill at some point.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:09:09
Except all of the books you listed are public domain and can be read for free online anyway, like [at Project Gutenberg]( So the "you have to pay for the book" argument is just wrong.
@_date: 2015-05-09 22:10:08
Windows has greater than 85% market share. If your internet tokens aren't compatible with what people use and are comfortable with, then they will always be a niche product.
I'd stop using Bitcoins too. Legacy banking systems work just fine and your money is safe even if all your computers run Windows (via the fact that your money isn't stored on your personal computer). You're shutting out 85% of potential users of Bitcoin because "they're stupid and using an inferior product." And this sub keeps wondering why Bitcoin is still in the backwaters of the internet...
@_date: 2015-05-20 22:54:25
Senators are just allowed to speak for as long as they wish. It can be ended at any time by a three-fifths vote of those present (60 of the 100 Senators).
@_date: 2015-05-01 02:32:26
Well, the Constitution allows the federal government to establish coinage and prohibits the states from doing so. A state can't really support itself if it wants to break away from the US, because so many things are done by the federal government. A European nation probably could easily break away from the EU and revert to their own currency, because everything else about their country is autonomous.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:34:18


Really? I don't see any evidence of this from the defense in court besides some vague words like you just wrote here.


"The man was clearly suicidal and going to kill himself anyway. I just handed him the gun and drove him to the bridge. Why are you looking at me?"


How? The drugs don't magically appear on Silk Road. They are still being grown, created, distributed to dealers in the US, and sold, along with all the violence that entails. You only eliminated the last step of buying it on a street corner, a small part of the process.


Counting your chickens before they hatch, eh?


Because the drugs magically appear on Silk Road, right? Or do you honestly think meth, cocaine, heroine, and synthetic drug concoctions will all be legal someday? Should be legal?


@_date: 2015-05-05 16:48:52
As opposed to the story you can already tell your kids now?




@_date: 2015-05-24 00:53:27
Typical. Bitcoin was apparently created to cut out the banks, fiat creators, and middlemen who are apparently sapping your hard-earned money, but in the new world order you just want to create a new elite (conveniently containing you). So freaking typical. Good thing it will only ever be a pipe dream.
@_date: 2015-05-19 23:57:03
And yet you guys continue to wonder why sites are forced to put up such intrusive ads and paywalls. Maybe it's because you all keep blocking the reasonable advertisement they provide?
Do any of you bother to unblock Reddit, the site you sit on for multiple hours a day?
Do any of you bother to unblock YouTube, where you've probably consumed hundreds of hours of content made by often individual people now denied revenue because you can't be arsed to watch five seconds of an ad and hit a skip button (or god forbid be patient for thirty seconds or fiddle on your phone while waiting)?
The modern world's consumerism and insatiable desire for content *right now*, *no ads*, *must be free or insanely cheap or I will probably just pirate it anyway* is disgusting.
Then you come in here and whine about why companies don't just charge you a minimum fee to read their articles or view their content? *Probably because some jerk will copy it all onto Reddit for everyone to read, or upload it to the pirate bay.* I've seen it happen right here on this sub and everywhere else on the internet.
**If you think a website has truly obtrusive ads, leave and never go back or consume their content ever again.**
And then there's the oh-so-hilarious posts "I went to my friend's house and watched a video and forgot how many ads there were. Haha it was so awful!" Yeah, cause fuck me for actually supporting content creators.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:13:26


Cool bro, but Ulbricht isn't one of those so not really relevant here. And possessing marijuana is generally a misdemeanor with no jail time. You'd have to be selling/distributing drugs to have any risk of jail time. And I have little sympathy for those who make breaking the law their full-time occupation and are well aware of the consequences.


Nice exaggeration, but it's entirely voluntary, and if you want to sit in your cell and do nothing for 20 years go ahead.


[Corporate prisons make up only 8.4% of all prisoners in America]( but nice try.


Wow, look at the lack of citations here. "Many" is quite a vague word.


You're the only one calling it slavery.
@_date: 2015-05-03 07:07:03
Coin Fire's finance department has probably figured out they make more money doing it their way. Do you have a problem with the free market?
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:26:28
The next section clearly lays out the legal basis for his culpability in the deaths.
* He was profiting off of each sale and so was clearly a business partner (he even used the words himself).
* [U.S.S.G.  1B1.3(a)(1)(B)]( - defendant responsible for all harm caused by reasonably foreseeable acts of others involved in jointly undertaken activity
* *United States v. Faulkner* - While [the defendant] may not have played a direct role in manufacturing or distributing the heroin that caused [the victims] death, he was part of the conspiracy that distributed the heroin.
* *United States v. Westry* - Where a conspirator is involved in distributing drugs to addicts, some of which are even administered intravenously, it is a reasonably foreseeable consequence that one or more of those addicts may overdose and die.
You're not a robot. You have critical thinking skills and can see what the obvious effects of your actions are. It is plain and clear what can occur when you supply an addict with highly addictive and dangerous drugs. Giving an addict highly addictive and dangerous drugs is a failure of your own personal responsibility in the eyes of society.
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:52:57
Exactly. You see the same thing in the pharmaceutical industry. You can spend hundreds of millions of dollars chasing what turns out to be a dead end. Patents that ensure them a decade of exclusivity are the only way for them to recuperate the costs of developing a drug and all the failed avenues before they found something that worked. That's just the nature of drug research, it's hit and miss.
Without patents, no one would waste money researching and developing because that money would never be earned back, *or* created drugs would be monopolized forever, carefully protected secrets by the company. That stifles innovation more than anything. 
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:51:23
You know you can send your kid to any private school you want, or homeschool them? That's nowhere near being a monopoly.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:09:45
That's 0.98% per year. Clearly Bitcoin, losing 53% of its value per year, is vastly superior.
@_date: 2015-05-26 20:54:47
Also, this already exists on YouTube. People post copyrighted content all the time. I wouldn't be so mad about it if they wouldn't *put fucking ads on it too*. Then they write "I don't own any of this content" in the description like that absolves them of everything. No shit, obviously you didn't make this, but you'll put ads on it and collect revenue. That makes total sense.
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:53:57
Bitcoin is sure to become the people's currency when the community belittles new users who have not read and understood the myriad confusing and lengthy requirements to secure your coins, protect your privacy, and not get caught buying drugs.
@_date: 2015-05-04 05:10:10
Hyperbole much? 99.9% of people who file their taxes have 0 problems with the IRS. If there is a problem, they send you a nice printed letter explaining the problem and what you have to do to fix it.
@_date: 2015-05-29 22:16:05
Skateboards are legal, though. While one can injure themselves using them, they have nowhere near the risk factor that heroin has. Apples and oranges.
@_date: 2015-05-25 19:03:27


At that point you're just miniaturizing existing manufacturing methods. Like you say, it's not worth the cost unless you're constantly churning out stuff to sell.
@_date: 2015-05-26 00:01:14
Bitcoiners: We demand a free currency market.
&lt; Later &gt;
Bitcoiners: Why are you not taking my Bitcoins? This is oppression.
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:25:05


Quite an assumption...
@_date: 2015-05-28 02:52:38


Uhhh, none of these fees exist with any real bank except for the foreign currency exchange fee and maybe a replacement card fee (both understandable). Any real bank lets you use your debit card to make purchases for free, lets you deposit money for free, lets you withdraw money for free, and a good bank doesn't have a monthly account fee. 
Bitstamp is the only one being greedy here. Or maybe the fees are because they shoved Bitcoin into a concept that already works perfectly well in just fiat.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:12:35
Except our government was specifically given the power to tax by the people. The threat of violence if you don't pay taxes is the same threat of violence if you break any other law society has deemed reasonable. Get over it.
@_date: 2015-05-29 23:40:25
He got a cut of each sale, profiting over $15 million. He even called himself a "business partner" in the sales. Cars are legal and can be legally sold because they are made to guidelines and people are taught to operate them safely. Heroin, meth, and cocaine are not deemed safe to use by society in any way.
Also, see [here](
@_date: 2015-05-04 16:14:06
Anarchy is generally not a good thing. Society creates rules for a reason.
@_date: 2015-05-05 20:29:50
The TSA has to stand there all day anyway (and gets paid for it). You're only wasting your own time.
@_date: 2015-05-04 04:52:27
What? This is not something new. It's basically just a set of guidelines. Thousands of regulatory agencies and independent organizations come up with guidelines or "best practices" that they suggest following but are ultimately optional. There's nothing historic here; a guy just wrote some code, and is asking if you want to implement it.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:28:32
The judicial system does not care about your sob story and how much you've done for humanity. Save it for your letter written from prison to the President asking for a pardon.
You could be the most upstanding member of the community, helped with earthquake relief in Nepal, saved people from burning buildings, and invented a workable fusion reactor, but if you conspired to murder several people (and followed through) you're still going to jail. Also, the ends don't justify the means.
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:09:30
You do realize that patents *encourage* innovation? It's an incentive to publicize your invention. The patent becomes public record and you get a decade to profit off of it before anyone is allowed to directly copy it as an incentive to publicizing. In the meantime, anyone can examine the patent to generate their own ideas or after the exclusionary period is up use the invention in their own products.
If patents didn't exist, companies would be forced to hide their inventions or everyone would copy them right away. They need to recoup on the investment spent researching and developing. A company could just hide the inner workings of their invention as long as they want. If there's no incentive to publicize it (like a patent), then might as well keep it hidden. See: Coca-Cola. Their recipe has been secret for decades because they never patented it and are confident no one can replicate it. Thus, they've had a monopoly on it for decades. In a world without patents, *every invention* would be this way.
Also, you know, there's no reason to spend time and money inventing something if the company next door can just copy my invention and sell it for cheap because they have no research and development costs to recuperate like I do. A patent allows you to recuperate those costs and make inventing a worthwhile endeavor at all. Copyright is essentially the same idea (although the term limits got way out of hand). 
You live in a capitalist society. Nobody is making things for the good of humanity; they're creating things to make money. Take away the only way they can recuperate investments and make a profit, and there will be no creating.
@_date: 2015-05-20 23:23:02
Jury nullification is essentially vigilantism. It was rampant after the civil war and before the civil rights movement. If a black man was accused a crime, he was guilty in the eyes of a white jury. Every single time. And good luck getting a conviction of a white person doing something to a black person. It just didn't happen.
Lynchings in the south? That was basically abstract jury nullification. We don't need an actual court and don't need actual laws. I heard a rumor this black man did something bad so let's go sentence him to death.
Though I'm sure everyone is enlightened enough on this sub to be able to take the law into their hands properly. Totally. Jury nullification is a disservice to the entire legislative and judicial process set up by the Constitution.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:00:28


No, it's not. You're taking a robotic view, where you are only personally responsible for the literal action you did. Society has a brain and can see the nuances of life. A burger is statistically harmless and prepared under the right conditions society deems it safe for sale and eating. Also people like burgers and they don't kill you unless you make a thousand other poor decisions in your life. Heroin, cocaine, and meth have much more real, immediate, destructive effects, and society (through fear, reason, experience, whatever) wants nothing to do with them.
Life isn't always fair, bud. Cars are useful and most people know how to drive safely drive them. Society still functions when we all drive cars. That's why they're legal. Heroin and cocaine do not let society function properly, and society doesn't want to deal with the harmful effects and strains their users put on society. Deal with it.
And there will always be something "most statistically likely to kill you but still legal." Duh. If heroin was legal, I'm sure that would supersede cars. 
Society's laws are arbitrary, but in general supported by a majority. Nobody wants a crypto-utopia where the sale of *anything* is legal and we have to deal with the societal effects of *everything*.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:49:20
So you're saying if you don't specifically agree to be taxed, then you should be able to opt out of taxes? Fine, that's cool. The problem is, a society long ago decided to opt into tax collection and claimed this land as the home of their society (and protected by their government). You were born here, and it was implicitly assumed that you would be willing to follow the laws.
If you don't want to be taxed, I think it's fair that you don't get the benefits of government. *That means you can't live here anymore.* This is our society and if you want to create your own society, you need to go somewhere else. You have no natural right to this land that has been part of our society for a long time (or any more claim than those already living here do).
 Your two options are to leave and renounce your citizenship, freeing you of all further obligations, or to pay taxes and stay. Staying but not paying taxes is freeloading and isn't tolerated by society.
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:20:16
The math has been done elsewhere, and even with a 1% fee, they'd only be making $100/month in revenue with the amount of transactions they're processing. $1200/year is not enough for one person's salary, let alone the 10 developers they have on payroll.
@_date: 2015-05-03 02:30:56
All I hear on this sub is "the infrastructure is growing" and "more merchants are accepting it" so "don't worry about the price," yet you're telling me only two places accept it in the most densely packed city in the US?
@_date: 2015-05-18 01:42:52


Because some people still have a sense of morality. We're not all assholes who think we're entitled to everything. Also, you can be sued for copyright infringement, and some people like to follow the law.


That's called freeloading. Stores and shoplifting also co-exist, but we don't just say "Shoplifters weren't going to buy it anyway. Shoplifters gonna shoplift." No, it's wrong (also, you can skip the physical vs. digital argument, that's not the point I'm making here). Just because not everyone is an asshole doesn't mean we should let the assholes be assholes.
Also, your economic model relies on only *some* people cheating the system. Why can't everybody? Oh right, then it all falls apart because nobody is paying for anything and nothing gets made. **That's called a shitty economic model**. The rest of us are paying for your shitty habits.


Ironically (note the spelling) those were only put in place because people were pirating digital goods.


There's plenty of people who will pirate forever, because you can't beat free. Also, when the fuck did you become the sole decider of what the price should be? They made the content, they pick the price, and if you don't like it, *you don't get to fucking see the content*.
You're basically throwing out capitalism in the digital world without proposing any better alternative besides **"I'll just take content for free and you're going to have to find some other way to make me give you money. I know you spent a lot of time and money making this content, but I'm going to enjoy it first and then decide if I actually want to bother throwing you some pennies for it. Oh, this actually cost you a lot of money to make? Well, it was cool and lots of fun, but I'd like to spend this money on beer instead so, yeah, thanks, I'll tell all my friends to pirate it too, maybe they have some cash they might donate, that will totally put food on your table."**
Oh, and making the rest of us subsidize your entertainment in the meantime. **That's called being an asshole, mate.**
@_date: 2015-05-14 18:51:17
The tip OP made this post about was for 25 cents.
@_date: 2015-05-10 17:14:38
What do you propose instead of taxation? Voluntary taxes? The government just has to beg for donations? No taxes? Anarchism?
@_date: 2015-05-27 20:50:07


The fact that Ross's legal defense team did not question the veracity of the computer evidence indicates its legitimacy. It's literally their job to find holes in the government's case, and I seriously doubt a perfect cover-up is possible; there would be at least *some* circumstantial evidence of treachery, but we haven't seen any (and doubt we will at the Maryland trial).
@_date: 2015-05-02 11:03:07
Money lost by account holders at FDIC-insured banks = $0.
@_date: 2015-05-10 22:53:01
Anyone with RES add-on can tag people. It's not some Reddit Gold exclusive feature. And thanks for contributing to the discussion.
@_date: 2015-05-02 11:19:00
Don't cut yourself on that edge.
@_date: 2015-05-02 11:08:58


Because swiping a credit card isn't fast? Typing in 10 numbers isn't fast? That's less time than it takes to put in your shipping address which is still necessary with Bitcoin.


You pull your phone out instead? So much faster... If you use your credit card a lot, you would have it memorized anyway.


Yeah, with Bitcoin if there's no internet access you're just fucked. Look at me, with this ancient cash in my wallet that I had to spend time retrieving from an ATM. Woe is me...


Living in the first-world is just so exhausting isn't it?


Instead you have to worry about losing *all of your money*. You let one virus slip through, or make one small mistake, it's all gone. That's not exactly a decent trade off, especially when you consider the capabilities of a normal person and the many protections credit cards have against fraud.
@_date: 2015-05-26 21:32:24


Are those not crimes in the supposed paradise you hail from?
@_date: 2015-05-08 20:33:52


Why do you have such a problem with this? That's how free markets work. Businesses do what's best for them and makes them the most money, not what benefits mankind. They also don't gamble on some niche internet token going mainstream. There's little money to be made and a lot of risk to be had in supporting Bitcoin-based businesses (look how they keep folding even when it's not the bank's fault).
@_date: 2015-05-02 14:22:15
So are you dropping the "be your own bank" shit? Because otherwise your statement doesn't make any sense. If you're just going to put your internet tokens in a bank, you just have a shitty remake of the current system.
@_date: 2015-05-01 20:32:54
Pretty sure this is the definition of brigading.
@_date: 2015-05-04 05:21:55
Why do you ask a question if you only want answers that stroke your ego?
@_date: 2015-08-06 19:21:32
That's the best way to make sure no one buys your product.
@_date: 2015-08-14 15:37:53


Soo... they have no one to blame but themselves that no one wants to do business with them?
@_date: 2015-08-23 22:00:34


90% of Bitcoiners are only invested because they think they will be part of the new set.
c.f. all the people defining success as a dollar amount. It's only about being rich to them.
@_date: 2015-08-24 19:38:01
And the US dollar has been up all year. What was that about imminent financial collapse, @_date: 2015-08-07 18:52:56
Also, this diagram totally leaves out the fact that part of the reason those third parties exist is to protect customers. When the internet first came out, typing your credit card number into a random website was some shady-ass shit. It made a lot more sense to store your credit card and/or banking information with one trusted party that can interface with all of these websites without them all having to know your information.
Credit cards also have the additional ability to chargeback. If the random shady-ass website or eBay seller sends me a box of rocks instead of the computer I ordered, I can get my money back. If I paid in Bitcoin, they can laugh all the way to the bank, and all I can do is whine on some internet forum.
Seller reputation is easy to fake on sites like eBay, and new startups always start with random shady-ass websites. If you want to support brand new companies but have no idea if they will deliver on promises (Butterfly Labs, anyone?), you better be paying with a credit card. **Just look at the people who pre-ordered a miner from Butterfly Labs with Bitcoin. That's Exhibit fucking A as to how Bitcoin will never fully succeed. It requires way too much trust between the buyer and seller.** Mediators/arbitrators? Those cost money (hello, fees) and they will make just as many mistakes as eBay or PayPal, so congratulations on reinventing the wheel.
@_date: 2015-08-06 20:10:09
I'm no economist, but the US's $16.7 trillion GDP might have something to do with its perceived value. Compare with Bitcoin's GDP: a dozen pairs of alpaca socks.
@_date: 2015-08-06 19:44:15
[I think something exists for this already.](
@_date: 2015-08-16 04:55:05
Yep, that's just the way it goes. A well known example is which is modded by Holocaust deniers. People looking for actual information or discussion on the Holocaust would have to look somewhere else, like r/Holocaust_History.
@_date: 2015-08-06 19:52:26
If this dude has so little capital that PayPal freezing his last few sales imperils his business, I don't think cutting further into profit margins is a viable strategy.
@_date: 2015-08-10 15:46:35
Also, this doesn't require any conspiracy. Bitcoin is a very small community, but it is a very broad community; you have your wealthy early adopters, your wealthy Chinese mining mega-farmers, the developers with different ideas, your get-rich-quickers, most of which are sitting on coins they paid way too much for with varying levels of delusion about the future, and lots of people in between. Each of them will have a different idea about what Bitcoin should be because they're looking out for *their* interests. You guys will literally argue forever.
That is the problem. You will never be able to please everybody; everybody cannot win. You need to accept that, pick a direction and go with it, or we (the Buttcoiners) can watch your ship slowly sink into obscurity while you all are standing on the deck arguing about how best to plug the holes.
@_date: 2015-08-23 21:55:35


@_date: 2015-08-01 05:07:39
Not much; enough to run a computer and an internet connection to scam some Bitcoin novices out of their private keys with a little social engineering.
Happens every day. Those non-reversible transactions and uninsured wallets are totally awesome.
@_date: 2015-08-06 19:46:34
Welcome to where the community whines about privacy and security but encourages stealing back the money you give people.
@_date: 2015-08-05 16:36:53


This just isn't true. All it proves is that Western Union values your mother as a long-term customer more than making a large profit on this one transaction. Every business does this. If someone *demands* that they saw this TV on sale for 20% off and won't take no for an answer, it's better to just give them the reduced price so they don't storm off and never shop at your store again. That doesn't mean they can sell every TV at 20% off.
@_date: 2015-08-19 15:56:59
* Bitcoiners make fun of USD money printing which inflates the currency &lt;4% per year.
* The actions of a *single* Bitcoin business cause Bitcoin to lose **15%** of its worth **overnight**, and r/Bitcoin flips the fuck out.
The irony is palpable. Have you guys realized yet that *maybe* printing money isn't the only thing that can cause rampant inflation? Just because no one can print more internet tokens doesn't mean your currency is sacred and destined to replace fiat as the world currency. If people think your internet tokens are shit, the value will nosedive no matter how many tokens the algorithm decided to spit out today.


*not a cult*
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:09:55
Yeah, and why the fuck are you qualified to say the artist doesn't deserve that other 25%? Maybe they were *ecstatic* to sign a deal like that because of how much exposure it would give them. The issue is not the number, but the idea that *you* suddenly know what is good for an artist.




@_date: 2015-08-31 14:57:48
Hah, good luck with that. You guys were encouraging everyone to buy at $1000, $800, $600, and $400. Now you want them to go out and spend their coins at $200 at a huge loss.
You're screwed either way.
@_date: 2015-08-30 04:44:30


Welcome to where the economics are made up as you go. 
@_date: 2015-08-24 19:40:39
Smaug is:
* a fictional dragon and the main antagonist in J. R. R. Tolkien's 1937 novel *The Hobbit*, or
* a group of spiny southern African lizards, separated from the genus *Cordylus* in 2011 on the basis of a comprehensive molecular phylogeny of the Cordylidae.
@_date: 2015-08-01 05:16:55
"Hey Spotify! I would love to give you internet tokens but you don't take internet tokens so I'm going to continue stealing your trial service."
I'm sure Spotify is going to totally jump on the suggestions of people abusing their free trial. You seem so trustworthy. You're clearly on your way to being a paying customer.
@_date: 2015-08-01 05:13:32
This is why ad-supported services like this die. Assholes think they're entitled to everything with zero ways for the content creators to generate revenue. You know why everything is behind a paywall or subscription-based or full of micro-transactions? Because Adblock is killing the only reasonable form of revenue generation.
If their ads are so bad, just don't use their website.
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:15:44
Your actions are still morally questionable. If I buy a bike or PS3 or Amazon gift cards from a guy for *incredibly* cheaper than market price, chances are that shit is stolen. You may not be legally complicit, but you are enabling criminals, giving them business. Piracy is the logical extreme of that, where I know for a fact it is stolen and I'm gaining a lot for free. It shouldn't feel right.
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:04:36
Please tell me how the economy doesn't break down when only one person is required to buy the song and can then share it with the entire world for free. Why would anyone create anything digital?
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:20:25


That's an impossible task. Short of getting the police involved, they can really only make an educated guess.
@_date: 2015-08-20 17:20:06


Sorry, but this is impossible. You're talking about a currency that is made to be anonymous and hard to trace. Your ability to catch criminals with it got thrown out the window when you threw out all of the banking regulation/know-your-customer rules etc. You can kiss that money goodbye anyway because its now probably held by someone in a jurisdiction no Western police have access to. Hackers and shady Bitcoin companies are based in Eastern Europe for a reason: no one can touch them there. Your local police's jurisdiction ends at the nearest county border, and national/international police forces have much bigger problems to deal with than you stupidly putting all of your wealth in something so easily stolen away forever.
@_date: 2015-08-09 04:39:21
You know the world doesn't revolve around Reddit? While Bitcoin companies aren't known for their customer service, Coinbase does have a customer support line that is a google search away.
@_date: 2015-08-10 15:43:16
Food stamps, welfare, and food banks all exist. There is no reason these women have to prostitute themselves to get their family basic food.
@_date: 2015-08-29 01:20:40


BitTorrent fulfills people's immediate gratification desires and doesn't take 15% of their purchasing power overnight, or 80% over a few months.
@_date: 2015-08-12 05:08:41
Well, if you donate to this you can no longer complain about corrupt politicians because you would be a hypocrite.
@_date: 2015-08-27 15:01:21
It's all vaporware, just like Lightning Network. Bitcoiners write off all of their problems with "it's in the wiki" and "here's a very early concept idea to fix it" like those mean anything.
@_date: 2015-08-07 21:26:36
Yeah, they're on a Carribean island rolling in all the money you conveniently one-way sent them. Their current reputation means fuck all.
@_date: 2015-08-03 16:46:36
You know they sell gift cards for that in brick and mortar stores and you can use whatever payment method you want there (except Bitcoin).
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:41:08


Totally, dude, companies drop like flies every day because somebody passed off a fake $5 bill on them. /s
Oh wait, the only bills worth counterfeiting are *really* hard to counterfeit properly, and the Secret Service will more than likely find you and send you to jail for a long time.


Well sure, with Bitcoin it's easier to just straight up scam people. Bitcoin is non-reversible so all you have to do is make your website trusting enough to get a few people to try it.


When I can literally chargeback anything I buy online if I don't get what I payed for, Bitcoin still has a long way to go.


No, it actually takes 10 minutes - 1 hour. Possibly even longer if someone is "stress-testing" the network or some shit and the payee doesn't pay a big enough fee (wasn't this supposed to be cheap?).
@_date: 2015-08-06 20:02:00
So... PayPal literally can't win here. If they take the buyer's side people complain, and if they take the seller's side people complain. I can understand why they generally take the buyer's side, because buyers drive business, not sellers.
But Bitcoin will totally fix all these problems, because OpenBazaar mediators are omniscient and will never make mistakes, right?
Seems like neither of you really have a problem with PayPal, but just with the realities of dealing with selling/buying stuff online.
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:07:57
The admins have a policy stating that if you don't like how a sub is run, go make your own subreddit. They don't interfere in petty squabbles over what should and shouldn't be allowed in a subreddit.
@_date: 2015-08-19 16:11:37
The inefficiency is "I have all these credit card numbers I just stole and I need to dump them fast before they get turned off." Bitcoin is nice because it's anonymous and there's a 25% discount because I need to move them fast.
I wouldn't call it an inefficiency. Unknowing Bitcoiners (or ones who just don't care) are basically supporting criminals. Who the hell would be legitimately buying all these Bitcoins for 25% above exchange cost? The price is currently $233, would you pay $291 for one instead? There's nowhere near enough people that desperate for Bitcoin instantly (except criminals). 
@_date: 2015-08-07 18:35:42
For Bitcoin should we put a picture of a haphazard home Bitcoin miner that looks like it might start an electrical fire any minute? Or maybe a picture of a Chinese Bitcoin-mining farm complete with direct connection to a coal-fired power plant spewing out millions of pounds of CO2?
@_date: 2015-08-26 19:52:06
Well yeah, obviously you're still allowed to trade, it's just delayed. The CEO can't dump all of his shares immediately when he hears in his board meeting they're going bankrupt. He has to wait.
We're obviously talking about Bitfinex buying or selling Bitcoin immediately upon seeing the incoming orders. You could probably have a bot do it for you, in very small amounts that are unnoticeable.
But hey, Bitcoiners wanted a free market; here it is. Companies (or employees) are free to leverage their insider knowledge unless regulation prevents it.
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:50:16
Think of how much other stuff Bank of America (or any bank) does besides process transactions. Can the Bitcoin blockchain lend me money? Can it store my money in an insured bank account? Can it store my physical goods in a safe deposit box? Can it extend me a line of credit? Can it take care of my investments/stocks/portfolios? etc.
Also, the entirety of Bitcoin transactions could currently be handled by a little server rack sitting in the basement of one of these banks. Decentralization is the only thing that makes it require stupid amounts of energy. I would expect a bank to be incredibly more efficient at processing transactions, since you know, they can trust themselves and the banks they partner with.
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:59:31
Quite one-sided education. You neglected to mention Bitcoin still has a transaction fee (however small), and credit cards have advantages that Bitcoin doesn't (like chargebacks).
This is marketing, not education.
@_date: 2015-07-29 08:27:52
Bitcoiners complain about bankers/the government stealing their money, but will gladly hand their fiat, coins, ID, and/or passport to any sketchy internet site claiming to do some amazing service with Bitcoins.
Bitcoin is like the greatest thing ever to Eastern-Europe-based swindlers. It's self-selecting for people desperate for a get-rich-quick scheme, is anonymous, and transactions are non-reversible. There is no better medium for scamming people.
@_date: 2015-08-06 19:55:44
Except it didn't. He called PayPal, resolved the problem, and presumably still uses PayPal for his business, since 99.999% of the internet prefers PayPal over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-13 19:22:18
I don't know where people get the idea that somehow because the artist is only getting 70 cents, they now have no obligation to pay them anything for their work.
Maybe the artist is happy with 70 cents? Who the fuck really cares, if the artist wants to sell his music for a 70 cent profit per sale, that's his own damn choice. Suck it up and pay $10.70.
@_date: 2015-07-18 17:59:03
People would just consider that malware (and it opens up a million new avenues of attack now that you're storing money on a computer). 
Also, content creators make more money (and people are much more comfortable) with just a flat monthly fee. Look at Netflix or any other subscription service; they could bill you by minutes watched, but nobody likes that.
@_date: 2015-08-16 01:23:13


The word *our* already indicates possession, so you don't need an apostrophe in *ours*.
@_date: 2015-07-17 03:12:33


None of those are a problem for the consumer using them. The consumer picks the purchase method, not the merchant; any merchant trying to enforce a specific method will just watch as their customers shop elsewhere.
@_date: 2015-07-26 20:34:10
**Bitcoin: Currency of the future!***
*But really use something else in most cases.
@_date: 2015-07-15 00:29:46
You could say that about anything, and this makes your use of "top" meaningless. Am I in the top 0.3% of the world if I own x amount of some rare limited edition Beanie Baby? Until your Bitcoins are more popular than fiat, you're not on the top of anything. You just dumped your money into something that has a finite amount in existence. Big whoop.
@_date: 2015-07-04 02:24:46
Good to know that the currency of the future requires human decency to keep people from committing fraud. Also, Bitcoin has such a convoluted interface that sending $75 instead of 75 cents is actually possible...
@_date: 2015-07-22 01:02:58
I did miss that bit. I was focusing on 


It's at least a few cents.
@_date: 2015-07-08 06:16:00
No, I didn't. Do you see businesses converting to Bitcoin? No. To switch exclusively to Bitcoin and drop credit cards would be suicide as a business. The ability to reach consumers outweighs whatever minuscule benefit there is to accepting Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-30 03:53:28
*You're* not getting scammed, you're basically making yourself part of someone else's scam. The credit card thief used a stolen credit card to send a package to your door and now you're the police's first lead.
You're a suspect, not a victim. If I get scammed on Craigslist, I'm obviously the victim.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:34:02
Digital property, stolen by someone who is long gone and never to be found again. The only way they could set up a legitimate storefront and still disappear is because of the lack of regulation. You'd probably claim that the market would weed out bad actors, but nope, OP here fell into the trap like everyone else.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:42:06
Most people don't own gold in set amounts that would work as a currency. Something like old silver dollar coins (that still have silver in them) would be much more realistic.
@_date: 2015-07-29 08:41:20
Sounds like a great way to convert stolen credit card numbers to anonymous currency. Or are there really that many people out there willing to lose 5-20%+ of their money to convert it to a currency they can buy basically nothing with?
Also, I love having my name connected with a payment method I had nothing to do with. Suspicious bank account or stolen credit card number just had a package shipped to this address? Better talk to them first.
@_date: 2015-08-13 18:54:11
You realize the bank does more than just confirm transactions?




* Loans
* Insured bank and savings accounts
* Lines of credit
* Safe deposit boxes
* Investment and stock management and advisors
* Lots of other stuff I can't think of...
@_date: 2015-07-13 09:20:51
Yeah the holders said that at $1000 (still waiting on that recovery), and two months later at the plummet from $800 (still waiting on that recovery), and the somewhat slower decline from $600 to $400 (still waiting on that recovery).
@_date: 2015-07-29 08:50:11
The Segway was introduced in 2001. Why isn't it popular yet?
Oh that's right, equating the adoption rates of random shit to successful technologies doesn't mean anything. Should we also take the value of AOL and Hotmail and divide it by 21 million to get the value of Bitcoin in the future?
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:10:54
That 1 person has to convince 11 others to change their minds, though. Considering you confessed to the crime, you're asking 11 people to let a guilty man go free. Much easier for 11 to convince 1. And I would hope people like you describe get weeded out in jury selection.


Well yeah, and what's sad is you're somehow proud of that. Jury nullification is just an unfortunate loophole in the judicial system; if there was a better system that had the same amount of fairness we would be using that. Jury nullification is a giant fuck you to the legislative system; you're dismissing the laws created by representatives chosen by the citizens of the nation, and letting 12 guys run the world for the day. What could go wrong?
Oh that's right, white Southern juries always found the black man guilty, and could never find the white man guilty of crimes against a black. If you didn't get the verdict you wanted, you just went and lynched them anyway. That's jury nullification right there, one step away from vigilantism.
@_date: 2015-07-11 16:44:45
Are you literally asking if it's easier to just fly under the radar, avoid business taxes and run away with all the profit before the govenrment catches up? And people wonder why the economy is so shit...
They probably don't want to go to jail for tax evasion or get sued for every penny and more.
@_date: 2015-07-04 20:02:02
That assumes the Bitcoin price will eventually go back up. It's just as likely to not go up anymore and then anyone who paid more than $200 lost money.
Also, this doesn't include the opportunity cost of that investment. If Bitcoin makes it to $300 twenty years from now, sure I made money, but I would have made *a lot more money* investing it elsewhere.
@_date: 2015-08-01 19:54:33


Considering you basically need an economics degree and a mountain of books to even fully understand that, yeah I can see why most people don't bother.
Also, how much of this sub is blind to Bitcoin's political and technical problems? It's just as riddled with'em. You can't take a little decentralized internet token energy hog and expand that to the world economy without major problems. Hell, you guys can't even agree to raise the block size a little bit; your ship is doomed.
@_date: 2015-08-25 17:28:37
Probably a mixture of actual ineptitude and how easy it is to blame something on technical problems and just accepts it.
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:04:28
Still waiting for Bitcoin to realize that exchange regulation and insider trading prohibitions would significantly improve their situation. The price is manipulated as fuck when exchanges can see incoming transactions and front-run them with their own money, and Bitcoin companies/employees are buying up/shorting Bitcoin ahead of the good/bad news.
Although Bitcoin isn't technically a stock so maybe not really illegal, but still manipulated out the wazoo.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:05:34
I'm not sure what you expect the government to be able to do then. If you got your way here and wrested control of the currency away from the government and removed its ability to regulate financial institutions, money traders, etc. then it has no real ability to investigate financial crime. *All of that regulation* is also protecting you.
Government: "Oh yeah, turns out this 'bank' wasn't actually storing customer deposits, had no insurance, and we don't know who it was run by or where they are now. All possible because of the *excessive regulations* you guys wanted removed."
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:29:34
This sub is only getting [35,000 unique visitors per day]( so no, there aren't 170,000 users here.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:39:53
Or you know, he values different things. It's just an opinion, dude, not an affront on your cherished computer code.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:35:52
Please don't take off your clothes.
@_date: 2015-07-13 19:52:40
But that fiat currency you hate so much that fuels the largest economy in the world? It's been up all year.
@_date: 2015-07-01 18:06:14
Bitcoin went from $427 on Nov. 12, 2014 to $177 on Jan. 14, 2015, with the last $100 disappearing in less than a week. That's a 58.5% loss in value over two months, and a 36% loss in value in less than 7 days.
That's some wild inflation, and nothing like anything you would see with USD or the Euro.
@_date: 2015-07-22 21:10:10
Yeah totally, as we all know eBay is basically a charity, where they pay for servers for millions of people to see your ad directing them to shop somewhere else where eBay gets no revenue. eBay is totally cool with that. /s
No, dude. That's not a very cool thing to do. Go advertise on your own website.
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:36:33
Not sure what you were expecting. Simple economy of scale.
@_date: 2015-07-08 03:58:39
I'm not saying fraud is okay. I'm saying businesses have managed to not collapse in the face of chargebacks, just like shoplifting. You're making a mountain out of a molehill, and claiming something is a problem when 99% of business owners don't consider it a problem.
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:54:41
Even when you're your own bank with Bitcoin, many a Bitcoiner has lost all of their coins due to their own ineptitude.
@_date: 2015-07-02 20:17:42


That... sounds like a personal problem from people who use VPNs. Preselecting based on IP makes a lot of sense, when for 99.9% of visitors it is the correct language.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:08:20
Sure, if you have civil claims. But fraud is a criminal offense, and the government prosecutes the company in government court, and if convicted they might pay restitution to the victims.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:31:39
So as long as the police don't come to your door, you're cool with it? You don't really care about the poor Joe who has a lot of weird charges on his credit card?
You're giving credit card thieves business and don't care as long as it doesn't become a problem for you... Pathetic.
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:32:57
@_date: 2015-07-27 17:03:01
Also see [this xkcd comic]( "Fastest-growing" is a worthless term.
@_date: 2015-07-05 04:15:44
Lol, Bitcoin is even worse at maintaining a stable value because its printing press (the computer code) is not sentient and cannot read the economy. A central bank can measure growth or shrinkage in the economy and adjust printing to compensate.
Bitcoin will just spit out coins even if that's a reckless act because no one wants them, further tanking the price. See the last year and a half: miners rewarded coins -&gt; dump them on an exchange -&gt; not enough people buy them -&gt; price goes down.
@_date: 2015-07-13 03:11:49
People don't read the same articles over and over and over.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:57:24
The (pharmaceutical) corporation ~~went into ridiculous debt~~ spent a ridiculous amount of money developing that drug and only has a decade or so to recuperate it. If you look at any drug that isn't cutting edge, you'll see a generic right next to it on the shelf that is perfectly affordable.
If drug research was subsidized with tax dollars or something, then they could be sold at reasonable prices (via government mandate or whatever). You can't force a pharmaceutical company to sell their drugs ridiculously cheap unless you want to bankrupt them, and then there won't be any more new drugs.
Edit: fixed poor wording
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:58:38


1900s America disagrees. 


You're poor, remember? Lawsuits? Hah. And you can't afford the good stuff. Even if you could, the company could be lying to you. Or they could switch it out, once you think it's safe. **Also, someone shouldn't have to get sick or die for the rest of us figure out it's unsafe to eat.** Multiple people would probably have to die before it even becomes linked to the food.


Except the company can just tell them to fuck right off. They're the cheapest game in town, and 95% of people just look at the price, not who certified it.
There's also the problem of scams. Snake oil salesman would peddle drugs to cure anything, and how many people have to get scammed before the rest of us figure out these drugs don't actually do anything (or are actually harmful)?
Private "certification" companies can also be much more easily paid off than the government. You've neglected to mention how these certification companies are funded, so they should be pretty eager for some bribes.
Quote from Wikipedia:


Oh hey, look at this, the FDA saved thousands of lives:


Where were all of the private certification companies to protect the Europeans?
[Here's a PDF you might like.]( It takes a dim view on the FDA's modern regulatory power and describes how it used crises for its own benefit, but it also details the horrible crises that the market couldn't prevent in the first place.
@_date: 2015-07-22 20:54:10


Nobody is going to want to do that when stuff like eBay works right in the browser. Unless they're desperate for drugs, and don't have the social skills to buy them on the street.


And no recourse when the seller doesn't send you what you paid for. You can cheat out 1 in 30 people and still have a 97% positive feedback rating. Or, do a few trades to establish a good rating, undercut all the competitors and then cheat out the 100 or so orders that come in all at once. People are dumb and fall for this every time. They won't be coming back to your website either (unless they're addicted to the drugs you sell or whatever, but that's totally not your fault right).


Huh, so now it's exactly like eBay with a middleman, but I have to pay a fee myself, whereas eBay has no fees for the consumer? Why am I here again? Oh that's right, to buy drugs from people who totally won't scam me. I'm totally sure the "trusted third party" and drug dealer aren't in cahoots. Even if the mediator is legit, I can't wait to see all the elaborate scams where the seller manages to convince the mediator he sent legitimate goods. This is totally better than eBay, which would have been cheaper in the first place for anything that wasn't illegal. But that's the cost of illegal drugs I guess.


And for the foreseeable future...


Did eBay take half a decade to get underway?
@_date: 2015-07-22 21:07:25


There is a difference between basically harmless drugs like marijuana and harder drugs like meth or heroine that just ruin lives and communities. Those will never be legal and should never be.
You guys love to claim you're innocent of whatever someone does with the meth you sell them, but you're more than likely just feeding some poor person's addiction, while their child is neglected, and all the money they're paying you was from stuff they stole and/or sold to feed their drug addiction.


And yes, sorry for thinking it's a little unfair that Mister Drug Dealer rolling in thousands of dollars doesn't pay any taxes on that income, when 15% of my paycheck goes to fund community infrastructure. I will shed no tears when he gets caught.
Also, this doesn't make any sense, because if the government wanted a cut, it wouldn't be illegal; it would be legal and regulated. It's illegal because it's harmful.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:07:04


That's the thing. Content owners can make way more money via theaters, DVD/Blu-Ray releases, exclusive cable channels, and stuff like that compared to just throwing it on Netflix. That's more of a last resort. If they let users download a digital copy on release day, it would have to be at an absurdly high price point to even generate the same revenue.
@_date: 2015-07-15 00:33:41
Oh look, all that money I spent the last month collecting is now worth a tenth of what it did yesterday. I thought games were supposed to be fun.


Yeah, it would suck. This is why games use fictional, stable currencies that are actually fun.
@_date: 2015-07-05 04:05:45
Yes, I'm sure you spend all your time in the seediest districts to bring us this information. Meanwhile...
[Does Legalized Prostitution Increase Human Trafficking?](












And I would say sex trafficking requires someone to sell the people which is a reasonable definition of pimp.
@_date: 2015-08-25 13:04:29
Is that not allowed in perfect free market? Isn't this what you wanted?
Or are you clamoring for regulation now? Because it is an almost certainty that the exchanges are leading the incoming trades with their own (very small) amounts of money to generate free profit.
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:29:28
Yeah, they don't actually go into debt, but you get my point. The pharmaceutical company has to make more selling the drug than they spent developing the drug if they want to continue to exist.
@_date: 2015-07-26 19:52:16
It doesn't take days to buy something with PayPal, and unless your bank account/credit card is already marked as suspicious there is no reason they would deny you. 99.99% of consumers have no issue with PayPal.
@_date: 2015-07-01 01:29:17
Or you know... just do a chargeback, never shop there again, and move on with your life.
Oh wait...
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:00:55
Possessive verb?
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:16:52
Hopefully this pizza company is doing enough business to not need OP's $15 right now or they're going to fail. I don't think any business really has a problem with the way credit cards transfer money unless they were already having cash flow problems.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:53:11
I don't think that's really the FDA's problem, but just a result of other inefficiencies in the system (or other countries having lower standards of "safe"). For example: if there were no food preparation regulations, worker safety regulations, or minimum wage laws, a meat packing plant could churn out barely edible "food" at ridiculously low prices and feed the poor. But like 30% of them would get sick, and some would die. Society believes that safety is more important than letting people gamble on a cheap possibly-doesn't-work-and-may-kill-you product. Because poor people will actually buy that shit if companies could sell it.
@_date: 2015-07-22 20:44:39
Lol, this is the free market dude. eBay knows what their platform is worth in terms of the users that go there to shop. Suck it up and deal with it, or go make your own platform and attract millions of people to shop there. I'm sure it's so easy. You totally won't be stuck in development hell and funding problems like OpenBazaar here.
eBay isn't a charity; get over it.
@_date: 2015-07-15 20:23:48


Yeah, Microsoft can hire better and more lobbyists than you. But that's just life. Life isn't fair. This is just a capitalism vs. socialism argument.
Freedom of speech applies just as much to communication from corporate entities as to any individual. That's just how it works. A corporation can have valid concerns; they speak for their owners/shareholders, and their thousands of employees. A corporation is really just a regulated assembly, and the government restricting the right of assemblies to make their opinion heard is not a road we want to go down.




I know corruption exists. I know New Zealand has a much lower level of corruption. But I'm not delusional. Look at any freedom index of countries and the US is not that bad; nowhere near China bad. So stuff like this:


is disingenous. You cannot just cut the government a check to get what you want. People go to jail all the time for corruption.
@_date: 2015-07-22 20:31:14


[Yeah, compounding interest is so much fun...](
@_date: 2015-07-04 19:50:13


Sure about that? Looks like it's still a problem to me:
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:40:12
@_date: 2015-08-21 15:46:44


That's funny, because a real bank (or any business) with dirty fiat would never be able to do that. You can't just set some arbitrary deadline and say if you don't pick up your money by then, I'm going to take it. In the US (and I would assume Canada) they're obligated to hand it over to the government who will hold it until the owner comes looking for it some day.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:53:35
Visa confirms that the credit card is legit in seconds. How long does it take to get a single confirmation with Bitcoin? 36 hrs is it that we're waiting now with this backlog? That's what really matters.
@_date: 2015-07-22 20:32:50
Like the part where it loses 50% of its value overnight? Their fiat-based friends will be laughing at them.
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:43:46
* the judge tells the jury very clearly what the law says is required for the crime you are accused of
* You put yourself on the stand, opening yourself to cross-examination
* you confess to the crime on the stand
* on cross-examination the prosecution asks you if you ordered the product, then after you say yes reads the jury the criminal code stating that that is a crime
* the jury convicts you
Well played, mate.
@_date: 2015-07-16 16:18:23
reinventing the wheel again. Finally realizes that people won't pay for something if they can get it for free.
@_date: 2015-07-08 03:03:57


Because the common masses (aka mainstream consumers) like Visa and want to pay with that. You can accept Visa and make money, or not accept Visa and not make money.
If you don't offer Visa, people will just shop somewhere else. Businesses don't really get to pick what payment method to use in a world where they compete for customers; the consumer picks.


But... it doesn't. Like right now. I could accept your zero confirmation transaction and possibly be defrauded. Or wait 36 hrs.


Sorry, but if your business has that much fraud, you're doing it wrong. Like shoplifting, these losses are built into the business model. You shouldn't be losing any significant amount of money due to them. And "takes days" shouldn't really matter to any business that isn't about to go under.
I shouldn't have to tell you these things. Look at how popular Visa is. That's your answer right there.
@_date: 2015-07-22 20:58:24


Would they be happier on  that has 0.00001% of the traffic that eBay gets? That's what those fees are buying you: an ad in the first place people think of when they need to buy something too old to still be sold in stores or below retail price.
@_date: 2015-08-30 19:05:59
You're delusional if you think "bankers" are actually doing anything. They have literally nothing to fear. Bitcoin is 0.00000001% of their market, and the "Bitcoin community" does an excellent job of tearing itself apart with no outside help.
@_date: 2015-07-01 17:41:44
I know what hyper-inflation means. Reread my post. Bitcoin *loses value* (and thus inflates) like three times a week these days. Go look at a chart of the Bitcoin price over the last six months. Not hyper-inflation levels, but pretty heavy inflation that no large fiat currency experiences.
@_date: 2015-07-13 03:00:30
And you guys think the world is ready to be their own bank...
There's a reason we let dedicated banks store our money safely.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:59:03


It's a couple of college kids who are probably broke as fuck. Also, they missed the boat, looks like Reddit is back to normal, and... &lt;checks voat.co&gt; ...voat is still down. Not sure why anyone would waste their time waiting for it to come back when Reddit still has quality content and front page posts with more than 13 comments.
@_date: 2015-07-22 21:30:13


Lol, okay. We won't come to save you when the meth addict with a gun comes into your house at night looking for stuff to steal to pay for his addiction. And you can go find him yourself to get your stuff back. 
Also, I fully expect you to recognize your local neighborhood drug dealers as outstanding members of the community and would be happy to invite them over for dinner.


Again, lol. Your anarchy is very edgy. Please go move somewhere that doesn't "force" you to pay tax dollars if it bothers you so much. I'm sure the roving gangs will totally respect your right to live in peace.
And what exactly are you expecting when no one is "forced" to pay taxes? Civil services fund themselves? Nobody will donate shit just like nobody here donates to OpenBazaar. You're hoarding your internet tokens to get rich. Somebody else will pay for all that stuff. Should we all just sit in our house with a rifle to defend our land?


This isn't a moral high ground. Just what any educated person would tell you about the effects of drug addiction on people and the community at large. Or just look at a map and see how many nation states vs. anarchic paradises there are. That should be your first clue.




Where did you get that? Is the person selling drugs a victim? No. They're profiting off of victims. They can spend a few months in jail to rethink their life. Obviously, those addicted to drugs should get some form of rehabilitation to bring them back to society (and answer in some way for other crimes they may have committed).


Yes, yes, taxation is theft, very edgy. I get it.
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:29:46
I mean, someone without a finance/economics degree really *can't* contribute to these discussions. They're very complicated situations. US money policy and economic decisions aren't decided by popular vote for a reason; the vast, vast majority of people understand nothing of deep economic issues and it quickly just becomes a popularity contest of who can make their idea sound like the best thing for the common people.
Just look at where your typical Bitcoiner's economic knowledge is what he gleaned from ten-minute YouTube videos. Inflation is universally hated on this sub, and deflationary currency is considered the cure-all to all of our problems. Same with the "limited amount of coins." Nobody cares about the future downsides of deflation, limited money supply, or inability to change your money policy ten years down the road because it's all run by a computer program.
There's no harm in explaining to laypeople why you're doing something, but there is a reason to leave the big decisions to smarter people. The Bitcoin community at large will argue about the blocksize until the end of time, accomplishing nothing, when a more centralized decision structure would have discussed and then picked a direction and went with it. You can't argue forever.
I'm not sure the developers are inherently qualified for the job, though. Sure they can code but unless they also have relevant economics and finance experience, they're not "experts" in my mind either.
@_date: 2015-07-01 16:00:01


Bitcoinland is full of hacks. People get their coins stolen every day, via viruses, social engineering, or actual hacks.


Well, most people aren't criminals so this is a rather obscure problem. 99.99% of people have never had assets forfeited so it's not something they look for in a currency.


But Bitcoin just makes you the bank. And if we've learned anything so far, your average person is woefully less equipped to be a bank than an actual bank. See above: if you lose your coins or they get stolen, that's it, you're fucked, they're gone. That's never going to happen with an actual bank.
There's nothing to "get." Bitcoin is a solution to problems 99.9% of people don't have. It's fringe use cases only sound good to the paranoid and criminals. Banks and current payment systems work phenomenally well for pretty much everyone.
@_date: 2015-07-02 03:20:11
I think the point is you have to buy at least 4 hrs. So that weeds out the cheap riffraff.
@_date: 2015-07-16 15:42:06


That is also how it works in the US. The highest federal tax bracket (39.6%) only applies to the income past $413,201 (if you're single).


Yeah, you're probably right.
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:00:34
OP here doesn't have 80% (or some other ludicrous amount) of the economy of the US relying on their existence. When letting the bank fail collapses the whole economy even further, it's a very different type of discussion.
Yes, it's very sad that we got into this state of affairs where a bank can't fail without destroying everything with it, but bailing them out was the only course of action that wouldn't plunge the economy into straits yet unseen.
@_date: 2015-07-29 19:39:16
You know there are these things called stocks, and some of them are very low risk. With a half-decent portfolio you can easily outpace inflation.
The few hundred dollars in your checking account don't stick around long enough to be significantly impacted by inflation.
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:34:16
That 35% left over is like 100 times more than the gross income of people two tax brackets lower. I think they'll survive. It's also New York, with the largest city in the nation; that's a lot of social services to fund. Also, this is the whole point of progressive taxes.
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:24:12


Drug research is hard. Human chemistry is complicated. You'll hit a million dead-ends before you ever find a promising lead. The successful drug has to recover the cost of those million dead-ends as well. You may have a very promising drug that works good in rats, but kills the monkey every time; welp, $10 million down the drain and back to square one. Or you get to human testing and the side effects are just too numerous to put the drug on the market.
So you finally have something that works, you spent $200 million getting here, and you've got 10 years before your patent runs out. Finance runs the numbers and tells you what to sell it for. And then you hope you make enough money to get everything you spent back and a little profit to pay everyone's salaries. And then you do it again. Sometimes you get lucky and find an amazing drug that makes ridiculous amounts of profit (Viagra comes to mind), and sometimes you never find something that works and just have to write off that $200 million. The next drug has to recoup that cost or you'll be going bankrupt soon.
Meanwhile, some dude in Malaysia takes your drug and copies it, and throws it on the dark net market for cheap (he doesn't have $200 million to recoup; it's pure profit for him). And here we are.
@_date: 2015-07-05 03:51:42


So kind of like Bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-07-17 02:59:44
Everything currently competing with Bitcoin is instantaneous (credit cards, debit cards, and cash). The consumer can immediately walk away with their item or start downloading. Are you going to make them wait 10 minutes to an hour if they pay with Bitcoin? Who would voluntarily switch to that system?
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:04:24


First off, this conflicts with freedom of speech, so you don't need a law, you need a new constitutional amendment.
Second, that would mean you can't write your Congressman a letter anymore or call them on the phone. I guess they're supposed to just make their best guess about how to vote on a law?
You individually, your book club, Betty's Flower Shop, a carpenter's union, and Microsoft all have the same right to contact a Congressman and express their views.
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:51:22
lol, yeah, when Bitcoin tanked from $1000 to $400 but the price of eggs denominated in fiat stayed the same, I totally knew which of the currencies was "real" and worth having.
@_date: 2015-07-08 16:10:51


No, you bought dessert.


Not sure how this proves anything but an incredibly fringe case for Bitcoin. Buying Greeks things from halfway around the world doesn't really improve their situation. It is in fact very trivial.
@_date: 2015-07-05 06:47:36


Well, it's better than the previous dude's anecdote "In countries were prostitution is legal, I have never seen a pimp."
@_date: 2015-07-15 18:35:20


Those kind of might be relevant to list for someone interested in moving there.
@_date: 2015-07-14 15:45:40
Your mom probably only buys mainstream shit. If you want to buy some random video game from the 1990s, Amazon isn't going to have it, but someone on eBay is probably selling it. 
@_date: 2015-07-23 17:51:07
If the security of your money relies on luck, you're doing it wrong. With Bitcoin, I'm in a constant fight against computer bugs, viruses, hackers, and social engineering. With fiat, I put it in a bank with an insurance policy and enjoy my life.
@_date: 2015-07-05 04:11:48
This idea has a thousand different variations.


@_date: 2015-07-01 16:02:41
Neither is Bitcoin. See: Mt. Gox collapse. While not exactly hyper-inflation, it was some pretty crazy inflation that no established fiat currency has ever seen. Inflation doesn't just come from increased printing/coin generation, but from people not valuing it anymore, like right after Mt. Gox. It's been inflating ever since then.
@_date: 2015-07-05 22:33:15


Except, they're the only ones who have been right for about... the last two years. What is the moon for you guys again? $300 is it now? I remember when the price was $800 and you said it would never be $600, and then it was $600 and you said it would never go down to $400.
The price isn't going anywhere because if it gets anywhere near $400 or $600 there will be massive sell-offs from people who invested at those prices and are just trying to break even and get the hell out.
@_date: 2015-07-15 00:12:34
The first rule of PowerPoint is you don't put blocks of text on slides. Really, there shouldn't be any full sentences at all. The main points should be on the slide, phrases in bullet point format, and you verbally communicate the details. Nobody is going to read that multi-sentence block of text when they're trying to listen to you at the same time.
Presentation: 5/10; 3/10 if they actually read those multi-sentence blocks of text word for word off the screen.
Content: 7/10
They didn't list any specific ways for the school to use it beyond "keep up with the times, introduce students to new technology." Yes, but how exactly?
@_date: 2015-07-04 05:58:23
If something was clearly made in error, you're expected to correct it (or correct it upon being made aware). If the IRS refunds you $10,000 more than you were expecting, that's not free money; you have to give it back.


If you immediately ask for it back and they refuse, then yeah, you would have a case against them. $100 is not a typical tip and clearly a mistake.
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:08:06
Sporadically down for 10-30 minutes =/= Down for the last 5 days with no end in sight
Also, Reddit's reputation and position as the 10th most popular website in the US means the userbase isn't going to forget it the minute it can't access it. When a no-name website you haven't even spent any time on hasn't been accessible for days it's much more easily forgotten.
@_date: 2015-07-08 02:57:52
**Bitcoin: No fees!***
\* But you may want to add a fee to get your transaction processed in a reasonable amount of time.
@_date: 2015-07-21 23:40:06


There are no rules. You wanted Bitcoin to be devoid of regulation. That means every dirty business trick in the book is fair game. Have fun competing with corporations!
@_date: 2015-07-18 17:56:17
See: Adblock. People actively go out of their way to cut off content creators' income because they find it obtrusive *and then continue to consume the content.*
@_date: 2015-07-05 23:12:52
Yet you're still here.
@_date: 2015-07-28 22:10:02


Fixed that for you.
@_date: 2015-07-01 16:07:04
There's also the whole problem with tying a range of economies to the same currency. You've got economic powerhouses like France and Germany increasing the power of the Euro, and then Eastern European countries with weak economies dragging it down. That can't last forever.
@_date: 2015-07-22 20:21:17
It's optional in the sense that it isn't a crime not to do it. Just an etiquette faux pas if they provided good service; if they provided horrible service, you're not obligated to leave a tip at all. You can easily google "who to tip in america and how much" to figure out proper etiquette before you go on a trip; it's the same as visiting any country and observing their customs.
@_date: 2015-07-15 19:07:51


Yes, let me just dump $10 million into developing this drug, so my competitor can copy it once I put it on the shelf and sell it much cheaper since he doesn't have R and D costs to recoup. /s
There's a reason intellectual property exists. You know patents expire, right? The temporary monopoly is so the company has the ability to recoup their development costs; otherwise nobody would bother inventing anything.
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:33:20
So? Is his defense lawyer a buffoon? has more legal acumen than someone admitted to the bar? If the evidence against him wasn't solid then he wouldn't be going to jail. I would think his defense lawyer has run down all those leads already.
@_date: 2015-04-29 09:00:22


Except that is literally never going to happen. The smart nerds cashed out their bitcoins long ago and the only people making money at the moment are traders, not nerds. The rest of you are left holding the worthless tokens you think will make you rich someday.
@_date: 2015-04-24 05:06:07
Okay, let me revise that. 90% of America spends less than an hour on their 1040 or is smart enough to get an accountant.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:06:37
The US economy is the largest in the world; the US has the highest GDP in the world. Please stop pretending USD is a failure because of some archaic definition like "defaulted against gold" or "devalued." Nobody cares about those things. I can go and buy shit with my dollars. Their purchasing power is constant on a day-to-day basis. That is the definition of success.
@_date: 2015-04-05 09:43:59
Yeah, maybe it's the fact that it works? A government-backed currency is actually a pretty functional thing. Try it sometime.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:43:14
The fact just proves two points. That Bitcoin is volatile and it is incredibly inflationary. Your rebuttal supports my first point, and I responded that deflation starting from anything close to zero is meaningless. The two concepts are intertwined.
@_date: 2015-04-03 15:11:26


So, yeah, none of those are true in the US yet.


Eh, don't think we're there yet either. Ring me when people start disappearing overnight never to be seen again.


@_date: 2015-04-03 04:30:54
The y-axis is also meaningless, because 5 Bitcoins on a chart spanning a year has no specific value. You could have an increasing slope, but if Bitcoin's purchasing power is tanking (which is kind of like all the time) then donations are actually going down. The trends you pointed out are still there, but their magnitude is warped to a point where you can't even tell if it's significant.
@_date: 2015-04-15 21:40:47


Bitcoin fails this one. It's talking about actual biological cells, not metaphorical building blocks.
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:09:05
Of course, fiscal policy has to balance economic goals with political and practical ones. You can be forever in pursuit of the ideal "fair" system or "money shouldn't be debt" system. Much like forms of government, the ideal one is not a very practical one.
The majority of economists and mainstream economics generally agree with the current system. Some will always go against the grain, but that's human nature. Things are in the minority for a reason, usually. They probably have significant negatives (that may not present themselves in an academic treatment but in practice).
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:38:42
Well, I guess it actually just promised to remind him in 300 years. Whether the bot follows through is debatable.
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:03:17
I didn't know they had internet in the places closest to anarchism around the world. Or are you posting this from one of those horrible developed nations that steals your money via taxation?
@_date: 2015-04-07 16:16:06
Yay for supporting credit card fraud!


Yeah, credit card skimmers who need a way to cash out anonymously. They probably tumble the coins and then cash out. So it still ends up at an exchange but you enabled fraud at the same time.
* [Do not purchase gift card credit from Purse.IO - Credit taken by Amazon 6 weeks later](
* [since my house is being searched right now, small reminder: be careful buying on purse.io](
* [Corresponding thread](
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:22:49
Yet the last two posts of people making up Bitcoin balances made it to the front page with no proof provided...
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:39:07
Is this a sales pitch? I'm seeing a lot of buzzwords and not much logic, economic or otherwise.
None of these statements make any sense (or are just meaningless):








2-4% less each year. That's 20ish cents if you're making minimum wage. Every few years minimum wage is bumped up a dollar. Not sure what the problem is here.


And with Bitcoin, this doesn't happen because.... what? Bitcoin companies are your friend?


And with Bitcoin, we won't have to worry about money or income anymore? We'll just lounge around all day, work when we want, drink beers with our boss, and get paid ludicrous wages to Reddit all day? Ok.


Bitcoin negates the need for loans? Or is this more diatribe about fiat being debt-based?


Because why? Because you said so? No filthy bankers allowed in Bitcoin? Only scammy exchanges that steal your money all at once instead of slowly bleeding you through, what was it, "performing a three cup shuffle trick"?


Step aside democracy; Bitcoin is here to free us from oppression.


I googled "freedom of financial expression" expecting some links to some international resolutions about basic freedoms, but I only found links talking about Bitcoin. I guess financial expression just doesn't rank up there with freedom of speech, right to a trial by jury, right to vote or anything of real importance. Is an inability to financially express yourself a major concern?


Please explain. Representation in what?


Is this like communism where we're all equal? No income inequality in Bitcoin? At what point does that happen? Or am I misunderstanding?


Bitcoin's killer app is itself. gg statists. Seriously though, that makes no freaking sense. It's been greater than 5 years now and Bitcoin has *maybe* 100,000 active users. I don't think that's how killer apps work.
@_date: 2015-04-15 00:40:55
What conceivable legal scenario do you think there is where someone is willing to buy you stuff on Amazon at a 20% discount (WTF!) in exchange for Bitcoin?
It's like if Coinbase had a fee of 20% instead of 1% to buy Bitcoin. Who would buy Bitcoin at that cost?
@_date: 2015-04-09 23:33:53
Clearly missing the point.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:12:52
Oh please, if anything has more daily posts about "So I went to so-and-so merchant who said they accepted Bitcoin but when I got there nobody knew what it was." At least 50% of all attempted Bitcoin merchant transactions end in failure as well.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:15:17
Actually, in 1914 the kid was probably working too.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:23:55
Bitcoin has been suffering from inflation for over a year. Coins are pouring into the market from miners and nobody wants them. Please tell me how great that's been for your token economy.
@_date: 2015-09-26 22:53:51
Yeah, and look at the pitiful amounts they make compared to the ones who have ads on their channel. Only a very, very small amount of people go out of their way to set up a recurring donation. And every time I've seen someone mention their Patreon link, their video also ends with an in-video advertisement for online audiobooks. That Patreon is totally covering their income, mate.  
@_date: 2015-04-26 01:07:23
I haven't even clicked your link yet, but just from the headline, that teen is an idiot. You don't have the right to spend money that is clearly a huge clerical error.
Also, key word:


A phone call would have fixed things up pretty quick, but in Bitcoin you can kiss your money goodbye.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:09:18
It's funny, because if we had a deflationary economy instead (like your guy's Bitcoin dream) your debt would become harder and harder to pay off as the value of the currency outpaces your income. You would perpetually be in debt.
@_date: 2015-04-15 01:17:16
I'm just here so I don't get fined.
@_date: 2015-04-12 17:05:43
Bitcoin: No Fees!*
^(*May require bank safe deposit box fee.)
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:12:00
The rates are still in dollars, though. Speaks volumes about the use of Bitcoin as currency for trade.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:39:50
Nobody said there weren't consequences. Some *actual economists* just decided this was a much better system than a deflationary currency "built on math" with a finite amount of currency and that wastes energy like there's no tomorrow.
There's a reason that things work the way they do, and it isn't just manipulation. If it was manipulation, why aren't the economics professors at every university buying up all the Bitcoin? Are they getting kickbacks from the banks and Federal Reserve? Or do they see Bitcoin for the doomed currency that it always was?
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:34:17
The math does not take into account the size of the Bitcoin economy. There are more than enough coins to let all the drug transactions and sales of alpaca socks happen smoothly. One of the main reasons the price keeps wanting to drop is more and more coins are being forced into the market without a corresponding demand for them (which would appear if more people wanted to conduct trade in Bitcoin). It's simple supply and demand.
The Federal Reserve on the other hand can gauge the growth of the economy and print money as necessary to target a certain inflation amount.
The problem is we're using two different definitions of inflation. The rate of currency introduced into the system is just a mathematical formula; it's not very relevant to anyone day-to-day. *Price inflation* is what's important. Bitcoin's surge of supply with no corresponding increase in demand creates rampant price inflation.
@_date: 2015-04-11 21:10:28
Banks are a business. Businesses should be free to close unprofitable ventures, which may include your bank account.
If you don't think banks should be allowed to make money through normal means, then you're going to have to directly pay for a bank account to make it definitively profitable, or pay higher taxes to fund a national bank that will give anyone a bank account.


Yeah, it's called storing your money under your mattress. Highly susceptible to theft. Your internet tokens just digitized the concept without fixing the "highly susceptible to theft" problem.
Edit: Downvoted, but only one reply that is mostly agreeing with me. I guess you guys just don't like what you hear?
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:31:32
Because common sense is a rarity on this sub. So I added some links for those who don't like my theory.
@_date: 2015-04-03 14:56:45
This is pants on head retarded. At worst this is a spat of corruption. Back in the early 1900s every police force everywhere would have been considered corrupted by modern standards. Things have only improved since then.
The fact that you can post on a public forum complaining about living in a police state is pretty good evidence that you don't live in a police state. Please stop pretending you are living in a police state when you actually live in one of the most developed, first-world countries with the freedom to say pretty much whatever you want.
You're claiming your current situation is comparable to living in the Soviet Union, Nazi Germany, South African Apartheid, Pinochet's Chile, Cuba's dictatorships, or North Korea. This is just disrespectful to those who actually endured those police states. 
Is there corruption? Yes. Should you be mad and voice your opinion? Yes. Do you live in a police state? No. Just no.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:33:35
The thing is you guys are naive if you think consumers are going to switch to a currency that requires them to take on the risk of fraud, when the current one doesn't.
Consumers pick the currency. Vendors cater to consumers. That simple. Bitcoin appealing to vendors means jack shit. If 99.9999% of your customer base wants to use cash, credit cards, or PayPal, and not niche internet tokens, those are what you're going to have to accept if you want to make any money.
Discounts might help if there weren't a million other reasons to not use Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-13 21:28:06
Correcting Bitcoiner's horrid understanding of basic economic principles is also ten times more fun than correcting people's grammar.
My personal favorite: 


*headdesk* 
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:48:04
Business licensing provides accountability. It's much harder to disappear with all your customers' and investors' money when the government has your name, address, identity, and tax/financial records. You'd think your guys' experience with random Bitcoin internet companies based in some eastern European country would convince you that maybe some regulation and accountability is a good thing.
Are you seriously saying that you have the fundamental right to run (edit: any type of) business with no regulation or license? That's absurd.
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:55:51
Uhh, that FDA rule is kind of good. Otherwise people would be peddling random shit all over the place, designed to cure this or diagnose that. That's why drugs and medical treatments go through testing, and only those with a medical license can practice medicine.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:21:32
There's no monopoly. You can go open a store and only accept Bitcoins, but let me know how many customers you get. The store down the street accepting dollars will make infinitely more profit. That's the free market in action if you ask me.
@_date: 2015-04-28 17:36:35
Also, the vast majority of wealthy people have 90% of their wealth invested in stocks or loaned out, which fund companies that drive the economy and innovation. If anyone is "greedy and materialistic" it's Bitcoiners hoarding coins which doesn't do or improve anything.
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:59:18
So you can directly support the credit card scammers? 
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:16:20
That's an administrative issue. Sometimes judges are elected and can only be removed under special circumstances, which insulates them from scenarios like this. But if some superior has the ability to fire the judge, then the only way to reverse it is to go higher up the food chain and find somebody sympathetic to your view. Or when the next election comes up, elect somebody willing to fix things into a position that can do it.
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:29:01
That all costs money. This sub keeps demanding that businesses turn themselves into Bitcoin advocacy agencies in their free time *and* want discounts on top. These businesses probably get like 1 Bitcoin transaction a week; that's just not worth their time.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:33:06
The vast majority of Bitcoin thieves so far seem to be scammy companies that Bitcoiners unwittingly trust to hold their money. That and downloading viruses, payment interception, etc. that steal their coins. Most average humans are pretty shitty at being a bank. A bank has security specialists, secured servers, and most importantly insurance. Your average human has what they read on a few forums and does their general computing and web browsing on the same device they store their coins on, with no insurance or backup in case of theft. It's a recipe for disaster.
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:10:59
I don't think the act of being homeless was ever illegal or a problem here. It was alleged violations of county codes that have to do with zoning and sanitation. You can't usually turn your residential property into a commercial campground without getting permission from the government. Otherwise you have tens or hundreds of people living in squalid conditions next to other residential property. Can drag down property value or have other negative effects which are valid concerns (just like if someone wanted to open a factory in the middle of a suburb). Also, enforcing health and sanitation codes usually benefits everyone.
But otherwise, I'm glad everything worked out.
@_date: 2015-04-24 04:48:31
You know you can pay an accountant like $50 to do them for you? I'm not sure what you were doing that made your taxes "over a hundred pages" but 90% of America just fills out a 1040EZ that takes 15 minutes if you're a semi-competent adult.
@_date: 2015-04-05 08:56:57
Maybe it's just me, but I see a strong correlation between stable government and free Wi-Fi, or really anything anyone associates with a first-world life.
@_date: 2015-04-02 00:03:36
An appeals court does (or whatever other appeals process there is). If they think the judge did not follow proper procedure the case is remanded to the lower courts for a retrial.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:51:43
Bitcoin is going to take over the world, but it can't even manage to not be brigaded by a sub with 3% the subscribers? Ok.
There's actually no brigading here; even can say this is a legitimately bad idea.
@_date: 2015-04-07 21:41:12


When a person defaults, they aren't either. Debtors' prisons don't exist anymore. If you absolutely can't pay your debts, your creditors are out of luck. Nobody is going to want to loan you money anymore, but you are still free to live your life. If you do something malicious or don't pay your taxes, yes that is a crime and you may go to jail.
I'm not impinging on your right to talk finances here. You can talk about the various ways to define inflation or fiscal policy or what's wrong or what's right all you want. Go nuts. But you have to realize that little of that matters outside of Federal reserve boardrooms and economics departments. To consumers and merchants a successful currency is something they can conduct trade with. USD does that; Bitcoin doesn't at this point in time. 
You're not going to win people over to your currency by talking about fiscal policy and what *might* happen to the US dollar some day. Sure, some of the aspects of Bitcoin are good, but it has several big cons that make it unsuitable for conducting trade. It's just not attractive. What we have and use everyday works. There's no reason to switch unless the new thing is better in almost every way. With something like Bitcoin, most of its "advantages" aren't really advantages because most consumers and merchants aren't libertarians or paranoid about the dollar collapsing or the bank stealing their money. Bitcoin is a solution to a problem that most people don't have. It's a cool idea but is destined to be a niche product.
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:21:09
You do realize Bitcoin has been inflating tens of times worse than any real major currency? A 77% loss in purchasing power in a year and a half is "worthless money" to most people. Your $60,000 salary is only worth $13,500 now. That's basically worthless.
@_date: 2015-04-05 04:00:04
It's easier to trust a bank to secure your money (and not run off with it) than to trust yourself to safely secure them.
In that sense, Bitcoin requires too much trust and too much work. The threat of a bank stealing your money is incredibly low if you are just a boring average person (like 99.99% of everyone). The threat of you losing your money to a virus is much, much higher for 99.99% of everyone.
People may not see the innovation, but they do see the negatives, and they far outweigh any possible pros.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:23:11
I was just explaining that regulation in general doesn't have nefarious purposes. I agree that every business that accepts Bitcoin in addition to fiat doesn't need to be specifically regulated. For those acting as Bitcoin-fiat money-exchangers, I think arguments can be made for regulation.
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:58:15
Please explain how artists make money when everyone is allowed to take their music for free, sell it themselves, or otherwise claim it as their own.
@_date: 2015-04-29 13:51:12
You're not donating a blanket though. Your Bitcoins are as helpful to them as Yu-Gi-Oh cards. Sell them yourself and donate the actual money so they can buy stuff they actually need.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:19:55
Presumably, the unlicensed business does harm to society. Much like a food company with disregard for what ends up in the food can probably offer much lower prices than ones that spend money ensuring proper quality and safety. That's going to end up killing someone. You probably don't think the government should step aside and let the consumer choose whether to buy the expensive but safe option or the cheap but unsafe option, right?
I can see money-exchanging as having a high propensity for scamming, money laundering, and other problems which is why licensing is required.
As for making *every* business that accepts Bitcoin be licensed, that's a different call. I'd probably disagree with that, but the regulators are free to do what they want. If society disagrees then campaign for better regulation.
@_date: 2015-04-16 21:46:47
Actually wages have gone up. In 1979, gas was $0.80/gallon. The minimum wage was $2.90. Today, it's more like $7.25, a 250% increase.


Oh, you're just going to save for 40 years to buy a house? Gonna walk to work until you can afford that car?
YOU HEAR THAT GUYS? HE DOESN'T NEED A LOAN. CLEARLY NOBODY WOULD EVER NEED A LOAN CAUSE THIS GUY DOESN'T.


Sorry, you can't say that when the investment you're lauding has tanked 80% in a year. That puts third-world country currency to shame; USD just laughs in your face with its roughly 1-2% yearly inflation.
Nobody cares how a currency inflates over decades. You're not supposed to hoard currency for decades. You trade it for things you need and invest it.
You also haven't addressed the loan problem.
@_date: 2015-04-01 10:37:14
The word deflationary indicates that my purchasing power should increase over time. That's why USD is inflationary; my purchasing power slowly drops over long periods of time. It's designed that way (because that's how economies function). You really can't use the word deflationary to describe your internet tokens when it has inflation worse than pretty much any other currency.
@_date: 2015-04-18 20:02:03


Uhhhh, I'm no government official, but if you revoke your citizenship, you generally have to leave the country. You usually can only revoke your citizenship at the consulate in another country.
So if you revoke your US citizenship (or whatever country), they're not letting you back in as a citizen.
Have fun living in a swamp!
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:04:05
i'm not sure how Bitcoin's massive growth three years ago indicates Greeks should risk their livelihoods on that happening again. Just put it in US dollars or literally any other stable currency. No gambling on niche internet tokens necessary.
@_date: 2015-04-24 01:56:28
I wonder what the average lifespan of an internet currency is. That statistic is meaningless.


Please don't be offended if I take your internet armchair opinion with a grain of salt. Watching a few YouTube videos and reading some forums does not make you an economist or allow you to say the dollar or pound sterling will "be trash."
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:46:55


Why do people have this compulsive need to attach apostrophes to everything?
@_date: 2015-04-10 14:45:02
[Pretty sure it's this simple.](
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:57:20
If you don't purchase health insurance (and it's relatively cheap if you buy it from the government), you pay extra taxes.
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:33:37
Any Bitcoin you saved in the past year has lost more purchasing power than a dollar probably will in your lifetime. You're not supposed to save dollars under your fucking mattress. It's not hard to find a low-risk investment that beats inflation.
@_date: 2015-04-04 08:10:43
Actually when you're meeting in person anyway, cash is most likely the better option...
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:55:59
I understand it's not analogous to physical theft. Piracy just has no end game.
You say you're an artist? Yet you agree with piracy. Let's say I make a blockbuster movie that costs $200 million to make. If piracy is legal, I am entitled to zero dollars. Everyone can just copy the copy that took $200 million to make. Tell me again why I should outlay $200 million to make this movie?
Furthermore, other people are allowed to sell it for money? I spent $200 million making this movie, but some random dude who finds a copy of it can start selling it for $5. He's making pure profit because someone else paid $200 million to make that movie.
Same thing with music, and video games and books and any other digital work. If I spend 2,000 hours of my life making a video game, and sell it online for $10, someone else can just download it, re-upload it on their own much more popular site, and give it away for free (or sell it themselves, or pretend they made it themselves since clearly ownership means nothing now). Yay, I made like $10.
Intellectual property exists for a reason. If everyone pirated, nobody would make any money on digital creations, and nobody would make them for a living. Only the wealthy and hobbyists would have time to things for themselves. Say goodbye to blockbuster movies, triple-A games, and most music.
@_date: 2015-04-24 00:43:19


Why the hell would you want a flat tax? The poorest can't pay any tax, and the slightly less poor can't pay much in taxes. You're basically giving the wealthy a free pass and cutting federal revenue in half.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:48:03
Lol, okay, I'm going to go back to studying for my economics exam (how ironic) instead of responding to that.
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:42:07
Because cryptography and software engineering are all you need to create a currency. Just make up the economics as you go.
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:51:45
Yes, some swampland in between two third-world countries will be the birthplace of future cryptocurrency innovation.
@_date: 2015-04-26 18:46:26
This thread is reaching untold levels of paranoia. There are probably thousands if not tens of thousands of people who buy $10,000 worth of stuff on Amazon every single day.
An actual criminal can just look at your house and peek in a few windows to see how wealthy you are. They aren't counting your packages or hacking into Amazon servers. Wealthy people usually have an alarm system. Most criminals are looking for easier jobs; much less wealthy people still have a TV, game system, computer that can be easily stolen when they're at work. Stick the sign the alarm company gives you in your front yard, throw up motion-sensitive lights and any criminal is going to find an easier target.
@_date: 2015-04-25 21:01:46
If he was using the legacy banking system this would have never happened. Only with Bitcoin can you accidentally irreversibly pay some guy in China $19,500 to process your transaction.
I guess instead of paying credit card fees, Bitcoin businesses will be reimbursing customers for shitty code or just a shitty currency that gets blamed on them. Not sure how that's an improvement...
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:14:06
How much purchasing power has your Bitcoin lost in the last year?
My USD actually *gained* purchasing power in the last year, so...
Not that it matters because as long as my USD stays at a constant enough value to receive the same amount in a paycheck every month, be able to buy the same amount of stuff with it every month, and invest the leftover, then I'm happy. Bitcoin can't do that.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:20:35


Hey, so are these dollars in my wallet. I just gave some to the guy at the coffee shop, he's kind of like my peer, and he gave me a coffee in return. Very cool. 
Oh... your currency lost half of its purchasing power in the last year? You should check out this one. *Everyone's* using it. See, the idea is the government keeps the inflation rate slow and steady, so you have consistent purchasing power day-to-day. Also, you don't have to secure your money yourself. A bank will let you set up a free account, insured by the government, and stores your money for you. Now you don't have to worry about theft.
And I haven't even mentioned the benefits of credit and debit cards. We should get coffee some time. I'll buy, since I don't really know anywhere around here that accepts internet tokens.
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:34:51


Why do you think "It's going to the moon" is such a pervasive thing around here?
@_date: 2015-04-26 18:41:17
3/10, needs more epoxy
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:11:14
As a merchant you'd be fucking pissed when you have to change your prices on every single item every few days. Nobody knows what anything is worth because it changes all of the time.
If you happened to borrow money for your business, your loan just became more impossible to pay back. 500 Bitcoins now requires a lot more effort to generate than when you borrowed them.
Can you not even realize that it only sounds good when you still consider value in a stable currency like USD? You'd be ecstatic if Bitcoin was only an investment **but I thought you guys were making a currency** and volatility makes a currency suck in either direction.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:53:39
The argument applies equally well to PayPal or debit cards. They are just as common in America and just as idiot-proof.
@_date: 2015-09-30 18:50:27
It's been studied, and [legalized prostitution increases human trafficking](












When you start telling people it's okay to pay for sex, the customers don't go out of their way to figure out if the prostitute is really doing it willingly, and now you've just exponentially expanded the human trafficking market.
@_date: 2015-09-24 16:46:04
Fair enough, but what about the opposite situation? Trezor innovates, and wants to protect its innovation, but people are cheap and buy from the person who stole the idea and didn't innovate anything. Should the state enforce that as illegal? Or are innovators just doomed to be copied by others, their creations stolen and sold at a much lower price?
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:27:20
God forbid we give the creators anything for spending time and money producing a digital product.
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:41:26
The judge has very little chance of her salary being taken away. And I don't see you presenting any alternatives to the current system. 
Should the defense just be allowed to ramble about whatever they want for however long they want? I guess you can let them waste everyone's time; if they don't have any evidence the jury is still gonna vote guilty. The prosecution, as some here said, has a truckload of evidence and the defense's extravagant theory with no supporting evidence doesn't change that, whether they got to read it all out in court or not.
@_date: 2015-09-22 15:10:55
At least relative to the currency you're leaving. USD inflating 3% yearly is peanuts compared to what Bitcoin goes through in a week.
@_date: 2015-04-15 00:50:06
Even if your internet tokens were the epitome of currency in some ideological sense, that doesn't mean they'll succeed. The world doesn't work that way. Bad things happen to good people. Pure socialism sounds great but doesn't work in practice. Perfectly free markets sound great but fuck consumers over in practice, etc.
Also, "isn't controlled by some government" isn't very high on most consumer's What I Want in a Currency list. And existing methods already send payments over the internet better than internet tokens can, *as far as most consumers are concerned*, which is all that matters.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:12:27
So did Enron stock. Should be making a comeback any day now...
@_date: 2015-04-28 06:39:28
You don't hedge your failing currency with failing internet tokens.
@_date: 2015-09-02 14:51:42


And Bitcoin is not the only solution. The US is still a powerful nation whether or not it defaults on its loans or whether it bails out the banks or not. The economy may falter, but that doesn't mean it's the end times. There are plenty of smart economists who can come up with USD 2.0, backed by a future version of our government that remedies whatever problems there are. The details don't really matter as long as the vast majority of citizens are *relatively* happy and able to live comfortable lives.
Bitcoin just swaps the rich class around. Instead of the current set of bankers and investors, it's Bitcoin early adopters and Chinese miners. That doesn't improve anything besides fulfilling your fantasies. It also has a questionable economic basis, with set deflation and a printing algorithm that can't adjust to economic growth (these economic theories are fringe for a reason).
Bitcoin is an interesting experiment, but by no means a definitive solution.
@_date: 2015-04-18 15:06:35
Interesting bot.
@_date: 2015-04-20 14:48:33
I would also like to own the Hope diamond, but the guy/museum that owns it won't sell it to me at a price I can afford. That's just tough luck. Someone's property is *their* property, whether physical or digital. If they don't want to sell it at a price point or in a format you prefer, you're just going to have to deal with not having it. Maybe, if enough people agree with you and refuse to buy the product, the company will make changes to persuade you to buy their product. Pirating just tells the company that you were never going to buy it anyway, because free is always better than anything else.
Copyright is the only thing that motivates anyone to create anything digital. It allows creators to profit off of their investments. I do think copyright lengths need to be reduced.
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:06:21
Too bad it takes as long as evolution for anything to happen. You guys can pour your money in a black hole; I'll stick with fiat.
@_date: 2015-09-26 06:37:22
*ATMs, there is no possession here so you don't need an apostrophe.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:41:17
So Bitcoin's plan for global domination is bribing people to use it? Not actually having any benefits that make it better than the local currency? This idea is as bad as the "let's all buy Bitcoin on the same day to make the price go really high and get people's interest" idea.
@_date: 2015-04-06 02:48:12
Plus we'll throw in one free chargeback!
@_date: 2015-04-09 12:55:34
So, uh what happens when the vendor commits fraud? Even if it was accidental? Say you order a $200 bedspread or something, and never receive it. The vendor *insists* that they mailed it. Yet it's not here. The vendor thinks you're lying, and you're shit out of luck. BUT AT LEAST I GOT A TWO PERCENT DISCOUNT ON THIS BEDSPREAD I DON'T HAVE! Because Bitcoin.
I guess you could claim that this will affect the reputation of the vendor, and I'll never shop there again. But that doesn't change the fact that I'm out $200. Should have just used something I can chargeback with.
@_date: 2015-04-07 22:22:47
So? Enron stock was also going up at some point. Everything starts at a price of zero and anything after that is infinite gains. It's meaningless. You're also only proving my volatility argument.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:26:46
He was convicted of money laundering, not possessing Bitcoins (which isn't a crime).
@_date: 2015-04-28 06:55:48
Bitcoin has lost about 66% of its purchasing power in the past year and 77% since the all-time high. That's pretty piss-poor as far as currencies go.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:53:02
Oh, so you're going to share your three bedroom house that costs $80,000 with what, 60 other people?
@_date: 2015-04-30 03:18:52


What? The IRS is being generous and letting you write off your losses on taxes owed. If it was up to me, your poor business decisions would be your own damn fault and you'd have to pay your standard taxes like everyone else. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:37:05


Ha. Let me just change a few things...


And now we have Bitcoiners.
@_date: 2015-04-24 00:52:18
Lol, okay. You seriously think your internet tokens are going to take over the fiat supporting the nation with the largest economy and GDP in the world? You'd have to be a naive fifteen-year-old who thinks they've got it all figured it out to think that.
@_date: 2015-04-04 21:01:10
Of course. This is why Somalia is such a great place to live in. The market is clearly providing for everyone's needs there.
Oh wait, in the absence of government, the strong band together to take what they want and the common people live in abject poverty. Humans aren't stupid; they know they can accomplish more as a group. In the free market scenario, the strongest groups get to do what they want despite its adverse effects on the rest of the population. The free market is just notoriously bad at certain things. The pursuit of cash is not going to keep waterways clean, or educate children or maintain a safe living or work environment, or keep armed groups from plaguing the countryside, no matter how you spin your fairy tale.
@_date: 2015-04-07 20:30:16


Sorry, I need a citation for the claim that the USD's purchasing power  dropped 40% in a 24-hour period. I'm talking about prices, not some other definition of inflation which consumers care little about.


I'm sure it does matter to some guys with PhDs in economics tasked with sorting those kinds of things out. I'm sure they'll find a reasonable solution. Your average consumer or merchant though, could not give less of a shit. Unless you can point to some effect that is the result of this "default" that actually affected consumers, then no it really doesn't matter.


National debt doesn't work like personal debt. I don't have a PhD in economics so I can't debate the finer points, but I'm not naive enough to think that the US has broken some moral code like borrowing money they can't pay back. It's complicated, and if it ever does fall apart, we sure as hell won't all be hopping to the definite failure that is the internet-token-based economy.
@_date: 2015-04-10 11:05:20


Because as history shows, state collapses are these really beautiful things to watch and live through. Does this guy think he's observing from orbit or something?
@_date: 2015-09-23 19:36:46
The alternative is company trade secrets. Patents (eventually) free information for public use. They motivate this distribution, by giving the filer a small period of exclusivity. 
We will never know the exact recipe of Coke soda, because Coke never patented it. They have an effective monopoly on it for the end of time. Cutting edge airplane technology is kept as a trade secret instead of patenting because it lasts longer that way.
You can find pretty much every invention known to man in the patent archives, with exact specifications of how they work and are built. It's a treasure trove of public material that would otherwise be hidden away in company archives unless you were able to get a copy of the product and were smart enough to take it apart and figure out how it worked. All you give up in return is a decade or two for the inventor to earn some income for his hard work.
Also, Coinbase just applied for the patents. They haven't been granted yet. And who says they will be granted? Oh yeah, you, because you are looking for every excuse to hate the current system.
Please, go invent something, don't file a patent, and watch while a big company reverse engineers your invention and puts the same product on the shelf for half of the price in less than a month (economics of scale). The patent system isn't broken. Copyright is.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:15:49
That's only if you have RES installed. And if you have RES installed you can just disable the subreddit style (including CSS) with the checkbox in the sidebar, and downvote that way.
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:58:29
Sounds like a revenue problem, which like I said, is a problem because no one wants to use internet tokens.
@_date: 2015-04-05 02:59:29
I think China proves my point more than yours. When your government is also more concerned about capitalism (money), the environment suffers. A better government can prevent that. And does in most every Western nation.


So? The U.S. isn't the only government. There's like 20 top tier living environments in Europe and around the world. Even so, the US does offer the best educations if one is to take advantage of them, and the US public education, while not the best, is not a failure either. More successful than any anarchist attempt anyway.


Har, har, har. Yes I know how much you hate the government from behind your keyboard in a country with a government.
Every attempt at anarchy failed. There's a reason for that. It sucks. People just want to form a government again. Before such things as nations existed, people lived in tribes and fought with each other. How do you not understand that governments make life better? If free markets were so great, presumably *that* would be what a decent number of populations operate under, yet I see 200 mostly successful governments around the world that people are relatively okay with living under. There's a reason you guys make up less than 0.01% of the population. You can dream all you want about some utopia. I'd love to live in a perfectly socialist state, but I'm not so naive to think that it could ever achieve that; it usually becomes unfair pretty quickly like in every attempt at socialism ever.
You have zero data points for successful anarchism. Everytime a government collapses, people make a better one, simply because market demand does not a better life make.
@_date: 2015-09-16 04:35:08
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:56:03
The law delineates when personal sales/exchanges become a business. For example, a town near me says that you can't have a yard sale more than twice a week, or you're a business and need a business license.
Of course you can be self-employed, and in some professions like software-writing regulations are minimal. My point is, licensing is generally a good idea and benefits consumers. It ensures whatever business you're doing business with is competent and not going to scam you and disappear never to be heard from again.
@_date: 2015-04-18 21:00:17
Cool fact bro, doesn't change anything about what I said.
@_date: 2015-04-16 18:05:36


Glad we agree on something.


Yes, anything that crashes 15% in 48 hours, or 60% in a year, or 80% in two years is clearly a "decent store of value."


Yet the vast majority of people who hear about Bitcoin don't end up using it. You guys still have only like 100,000 users. Is the human race really that prejudiced and blind to Bitcoin's advantages, or are *you guys* the blinded ones, unable to see Bitcoin's major faults?


From Wikipedia:






So I guess Bitcoin is as much a currency as the [Principality of Sealand]( is a nation.
@_date: 2015-09-09 15:07:20
40 BTC is $9600. If we say you're willing to play with $5 and you have a yearly income of say $60,000 then someone willing to play with 40 BTC is making $115,000,000 per year.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:58:53
You mean the lendee? I guess stocks would work, but you're gambling on their future price. It's much easier to use something of constant value, like a valuable item that is enough to cover the entire loan, or just provide your identity so the lender can track you down when you don't pay, and maybe some proof that your not destitute, like a recent pay stub or credit score.
You know... exactly how it works right now.
A multisig address still has the possibility of getting scammed though, because it involves a third party that you have to trust won't side with the other person, screwing you over.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:30:56
You mean like... how existing lending systems work? You guys are really reinventing the wheel here, now with an inferior currency.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:44:05
I quote from [your post]( that I replied to:


You were pretty clearly talking about government regulation. Banning malpractice is the definition of regulation.


So anybody should be allowed to practice medicine, or offer law services, or build a bridge, or process food wholesale for market? You seriously think that's better for society?
@_date: 2015-04-17 20:35:23
Yes, MasterCard's floors of marketing and finance divisions have been thwarted by teenagers on This is pathetic; MasterCard has more transactions in a day than Bitcoin does in a year. Bitcoin is as much a threat to them as Monopoly money.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:56:08
You can't patent open-source software.
@_date: 2015-09-20 20:35:29
Lol, the checkbox next to "I have read the Terms of Use and agree with them" says you are okay with it. Also, this is what happens when you start letting "exchanges" and "banks" operate in a zero-regulatory environment. They can do whatever the fuck they want, like holding deposits hostage or just stealing it. You can cry theft all you want, they're in a third-world country and laughing all the way to the bank.
@_date: 2015-09-22 16:48:19
Who knows how many kids develop a meth addiction that ruins the next decade of their life, or waste all of their money and time on drugs.
But hey, that's not your problem, right? You just sell drugs and can't possibly be responsible for what not-fully-mature minors do with them.
Seriously r/bitcoin, stop venerating this guy.
@_date: 2015-04-16 18:50:48


Too bad currency isn't long term. I need to be able to buy stuff with the money I got paid with two days or a week ago. Oh wait it flash crashed 15% or 20% and now I can't make rent. This currency sucks.
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:11:49
Okay, now explain how video game developers make money when everyone can take their game for free, sell it themselves, or otherwise claim it as their own.
@_date: 2015-09-22 16:38:34


Those fees aren't immediately evident to the consumer (which is kind of a big deal) and when paying with Bitcoin, it's the same price so you're not really gaining anything.


Again, this is instantaneous for the consumer which is what really matters.


This just screams SCAM to consumers. Why wouldn't you give them the ability to chargeback if they are unsatisfied with the service? Any real business does not have a problem with fraudulent chargebacks; it's built into the business model just like shoplifting. If your business has a problem with chargebacks you're either selling illegal things or doing something fraudulent yourself (which is why credit cards pull their services from you).


Again, not relevant to consumers. And this is why things like PayPal exist, which act as a liaison between the buyer and seller and ensure smooth payment and delivery.
You don't seem to get it: **Consumers** drive the market. If your business doesn't offer the payment methods or ability to chargeback that consumers want, they will just shop elsewhere. If you're offering *steep* discounts (20% maybe, not a measly 5%) they might be persuaded, but there's no way to work that into an actual business model and it still screams SCAM. I can just open a competing business that accepts credit cards and make 10 times the profit you do.
@_date: 2015-09-13 19:35:10
Who is Noone?
*no one
@_date: 2015-09-22 16:29:41
Exactly. It's like these people have never had to do an ounce of marketing in their life. Why do you think YouTube is insanely popular with ad-based revenue, and sites where you pay per video are not popular? Because watching a short ad before the video doesn't feel like a real cost to the consumer. Everybody wins.
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:08:57


You're saying we would be better off without taxation? Making everyone pay their taxes does not lead to "collective demise."
@_date: 2015-09-26 07:11:39
When you lose them due to social engineering or a virus. Only a matter of time for someone who isn't a top security professional and without insurance. Or you spend them on what turns out be a scam (but no chargebacks is a good thing, guyz, right?).
@_date: 2015-09-15 16:35:33
Congratulations on reinventing the modern banking system with no way to dispute your payments or service because you've eliminated all forms of identity. And no trust? You have to fucking trust they deliver your content for a month and don't just take your money and run or hide behind a slew of customer support emails. At least with a credit card I can charge back.
@_date: 2015-09-07 22:16:23
Meanwhile, the current banking structure provides infinitely better products for this economic majority. Instead of, I don't know, fixing Bitcoin's problems to be competitive (is that even possible?) you're bickering over stupid shit like expanding the transaction cap of something nobody uses in the first place.
Banks and credit cards are 100 miles ahead of the Bitcoin boat which is taking on water, and you guys are arguing over who cut the holes in the boat instead of plugging the holes and building a better boat.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:10:31
Or instead of calculating probabilities or dealing with insurance I could use a credit card and have a 0% chance of being scammed? Credit cards give 3% rewards (sometimes more) anyway. Unless Overstock is throwing around 10% discounts or something it doesn't make sense, especially when exchange fees are 1% to even obtain Bitcoin to spend, and only 0.22% of their sales are Bitcoin. Even then, it's only a 5% discount now, and that's probably not worth figuring out the arcane ways to use and secure internet tokens. People just want something that works, not demand they have a relatively high level knowledge of digital security.
Credit cards make things idiot-proof. That's why consumers love them; you can be the most retarded person with regards to your security and shopping habits, buying on the sketchiest websites, and your credit card has your back. Using Bitcoin will just get you scammed, unless you critically evaluate everywhere you spend it, which is already too much work.
@_date: 2015-04-11 21:19:27
Customer A pays more because the bank gave them 20 times more money and won't get it back for a much longer time period than the money loaned to Customer B. It's not just the amount of work or time that matters, but the opportunity cost of loaning that money, which could have been invested elsewhere. This is economics 101.
Also, I'm not sure what this has to do with Bitcoin. In a deflationary internet token economy, you'd be worse off trying to obtain a loan, because the natural gain in purchasing power from just doing nothing with your money requires higher interest rates to make a profit loaning it out. The only other alternative is saving for 40 years to buy a house. I'm not sure how either of those things is an improvement.
Oh, and if you do manage to get a loan it becomes harder and harder to pay it back, because as purchasing power increases, your salary will *decrease* while the numbers in the loan you signed won't change. If you have a 20 Bitcoin loan payment every month, that will become a larger and larger percent of your income.
@_date: 2015-09-25 14:13:10
The only viable market is selling Bitcoins back and forth to each other?
*Totally not a Ponzi scheme, guys*
@_date: 2015-04-08 13:51:11


Like the OP of this thread?
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:35:43
Uh yeah, your 30-year mortgage just turned into a 300-year mortgage. Either the bank will always take the house back when you die or your descendants will forever pay a mortgage bill.
@_date: 2015-04-26 05:03:47
High propensity for scamming and insolvency which is bad for customers with money in the process of being exchanged (see: practically every Bitcoin exchange). They can also be laundering money, or participating in other financial crimes which is bad for society as a whole. Licensing provides accountability for these.
@_date: 2015-04-20 02:09:54
Okay, but where do you get the idea that if they offer it at an *unreasonable* price you are still entitled to have it (for free, no less)? Common sense says you should just do without it.
If something is too expensive, you don't buy it **and you don't get to own it/use it/play it**.
@_date: 2015-09-27 00:02:03
Because as everyone on knows, regulation is only holding the free market back.
@_date: 2015-09-30 18:55:52
Those things aren't stores of value so much as "more than likely going to increase in value." Land and housing will always be valuable things. Outside of unforeseen housing market crashes, you will more than likely turn a profit on keeping one for a few years. The house you built with a $100,000 loan from the bank in 1995 is now worth $300,000 in 2015.
@_date: 2015-09-26 06:49:22
I laughed. This is just such a common error that I feel the need to say something. An apostrophe indicates possession or contraction, not plurals. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:19:18
I think his point is that the only reason like 90% of the people "invested" in Bitcoin are here is to get rich quick. Nobody is actually here for idealogical reasons. The price is tanking because people get disillusioned and are sick of losing money, so they go back to their stable fiat currency.
@_date: 2015-04-26 05:09:34
I don't really see any benefits besides higher quality code presumably, but that seems unnecessary. Most software-writing is probably done under contract or one-off things that don't involve much money. The industry doesn't seem to have a problem doing it by reputation.
I don't think all types of businesses need to be licensed, if you misunderstood my point as being that. 
@_date: 2015-09-04 19:24:54


That's funny, because over the last one and a half years the free market took 75% of your wealth. It turns out intangible things can take your intangible wealth.
In the last year and a half gold lost 13% of its value. USD inflated 2.4%. How exactly are you winning here?


The prevalence of simple hacks and social engineering leading to the theft of Bitcoins makes that statement highly inaccurate. Also, you are shit out of luck when your Bitcoins are stolen. Money stored in banks and valuables in safe deposit boxes or even in your own safe can all be insured, and the risk is basically zero. If the shit hits the fan in any way that leaves your wealth inaccessible, your Bitcoin will be just as useless. Is the grocery store or your neighbor going to take some long string of crypto-numbers stored on a computer that probably doesn't have power anymore as payment for food or water that you and 300 million other people all need right now? Hell no.
@_date: 2015-04-17 20:24:36
Yet you contradict yourself in the next sentence:


@_date: 2015-09-26 23:13:58
There's also not 172,000 readers. averages [about 20,000 unique visitors per day]( and that is still steadily decreasing from over 23,000 uniques last October. From the subscriptions graph, you can also see there was a suspiciously large amount of subreddit subscriptions over a two week period. Someone is trying to boost the numbers around here.
@_date: 2015-09-24 18:01:26
I feel like not all creative works are appreciated in the first few years of their creation or even the first decade or two. If I write something at 20 that isn't very popular but it gains a cult following when I'm 40 or a later work of mine *does* become popular which generates interest in my previous works, I should still be able to own those previous works.
I also know it's *really hard* to become succesful creating stuff. We don't really think of making music, writing books, plays or movies as generally succesful careers. Only a small minority are successful. In that sense, I think the world owes them a great deal when they do create something good, and it's a bit rude to tell a living author that they don't own their work anymore.


I don't really follow this. With patents yes, it makes sense to keep terms short, but copyright is more about artistic expression than technology. I don't think copyright holds back the evolution of art.
@_date: 2015-09-08 14:47:47
Lol, that's like driving your car off a cliff, and saying "No one can steal it now."
@_date: 2015-09-26 06:38:19


Mainstream adoption any day now!
@_date: 2015-09-04 19:11:07
What else would they do with them? Let the convicted criminal keep his untaxed illegally-earned income? They even let depositors file to claim money that was left on the site when it was shut down (which theoretically hadn't been used to purchase anything yet). Oddly, no one stepped up to claim it.
This is what happens when you commit a crime. You forfeit the profits.
@_date: 2015-09-26 23:06:52
I'm sure the Bitcoin free market will not have corporate sleazebags.
Oh wait, from my rudimentary viewing of like 50% of all Bitcoin businesses are outright scams. They don't just charge high prices, they steal your money.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:47:02
You can't buy a car, house, or get a business loan without a bank. Lending money is a critical part of any economy.


They should be shut down for choosing not to do business with someone?
@_date: 2015-09-19 02:01:31
90% of miners are basically in China, which runs itself on coal. Or is the massive amount of energy needed to mine blocks going to come from an alternative energy grid that will be created and still exist after a world economy collapse?
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:54:42
Not the person you replied to, but in general it's much harder to run off with customers' money when your business is licensed and the government has all of your info. You know why every other Bitcoin "company" turns out to be a scam? They're based in some third-world country where there are no consequences to defrauding your entire customer base.
Would you let some guy who says he read a few books about engineering design your skyscraper or find one licensed by the government? Do you get medical advice from Redditors or go talk to an actual doctor licensed to practice medicine? The same applies to who you entrust your money or do business with.
@_date: 2015-04-15 00:58:36
Oh, so if only Zimbabwe had more citizens they wouldn't have had inflation problems? This argument makes no sense.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:54:16
How long do you plan on "saving" for a house or car? Or do you think Bitcoins are going to lower the cost of those to three months pay or something?
Get real, dude.
@_date: 2015-04-17 05:20:20
Well has this in their rules:


It apparently makes better. If you think making more of an echo chamber is a good thing, go ahead and codify it:


Otherwise, let people post what they want that isn't in violation of the subreddit rules.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:29:26
It's to create an incentive to make anything in the first place, when things often require a substantial time and monetary investment to make. One or two decades sounds about right for someone to realize their idea is worth selling, get a business up and running and actually   recuperate their investment and earn a profit. Copyright terms need to be greatly reduced, but I'm sure there's some satisfactory number of years.


That just isn't true.
@_date: 2015-04-26 02:37:43
Big corporate accepts Bitcoin as much as they accept cows or cocaine. You just have to sell it to someone else first who forwards the actual fiat to big corporate. Big corporate was just kind enough to link a website that will convert your internet tokens to dollars for you. Exchanging cows or cocaine is left to you.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:09:03
* US GDP = $16,700,000,000,000
* Bitcoin GDP = 0 (Dollars, chickens, what do I measure this in? I guess it really doesn't matter)
Mainstream adoption any day now!
Let me know when you guys get to $38,000,000, which is the GDP of this [tiny island in the middle of the Pacific](
Bitcoin is totally under attack guys, just like the US economy is under attack by the threatening Tuvalu economy.
@_date: 2015-04-04 08:23:04
You realize he wanted them to sell the Bitcoins? Probably saw the declining price and was like fuck.... better sell those on the outside chance I ever make it out of here.
So he's getting nothing but cash back (more likely a prison cell).
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:58:29


The ideological rants on do continue to amaze me. The ones with a gross misunderstanding of inflation, deflation, and economies in general are the best.


Of course, I was just keeping my argument simple. Your average Bitcoiner, however, is like "Hurr durr, I could never save money in fiat, but it's so easy with Bitcoin" ignoring the fact that you're not actually supposed to stockpile fiat.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:28:39
Common sense? You really think someone is offering a 25% discount because they just really want Bitcoin? No, they're credit card scammers looking for a quick anonymous exit. They have stolen credit card numbers they need to burn fast, so they buy you some shit on Amazon, you pay them Bitcoin, they throw them through a tumbler and cash out at an exchange.
You get your Amazon shit for cheap, the credit card scammers get their cash, and some poor Joe has a bunch of charges on his credit card he doesn't recognize.
Actual sources:
* [since my house is being searched right now, small reminder: be careful buying on purse.io](
* [Do not purchase gift card credit from Purse.IO - Credit taken by Amazon 6 weeks later](
* [13% off at amazon = mind blown!](
Accompanying threads:
* [A reminder that Purse.io has a rate of 1 in 4 Txs where "innocent" customers get arrested...](
* [Site which offered a 30% discount on Amazon gift cards when paying with bitcoins is unexpectedly revealed as a front for credit card fraud.](
@_date: 2015-09-25 14:06:28
Because life is a game of probabilities. When the Bitcoin price was nearing/over 1000 the smart people were selling before it collapsed and the people whining "Oh you can't predict the top"/"Wait for moon" are sitting with $200 coins a year and a half later.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:08:07
Now you can see why credit cards and PayPal (and legacy banking systems) are infinitely more popular than Bitcoin.
These methods protect you (and your grandmother) far more than they hinder you.
@_date: 2015-09-17 14:29:52
He is right, though. If the utility of Bitcoin remains the same (1 Bitcoin = 12 eggs), but the dollar's utility increases (1 dollar = 13 eggs now instead of 12 eggs previously), then the price of Bitcoin in dollars will fall.
@_date: 2015-09-23 19:24:23
Did you miss the part where they **applied** for a patent? The patent office can just as well tell them to get lost since their "invention" doesn't meet the requirements: it must be new, useful, and non-obvious.
To make an analogy, you're basically saying the court system is worthless because someone sued for a frivolous reason. No.... it's still working as intended.
@_date: 2015-09-08 14:46:51
Because in the future we will all be able to just buy Lamborghinis with the Bitcoin in our pocket. Totally.
@_date: 2015-09-26 07:15:31
He was convicted of running a massive online drug empire that profited millions and whose illegal contraband led to at least a few deaths. Like 90% of America has no problem with him going to jail.
@_date: 2015-09-13 04:00:11
You can have the cashier's check printed "Pay to the order of ____" so the only person who can deposit it is the one you intend. And if it's stolen you can void it, recover the money with proof of theft like a police report, and/or there will be a paper trail. If your cash is stolen, you are basically shit out of luck.
TLDR: Nobody fucking mugs a person for a cashier's check.
@_date: 2015-09-24 04:19:47
This sounds infinitely worse than a bank. Mainstream adoption any day now.
@_date: 2015-09-17 01:01:17
Exhibit A: Segways
Exhibit B: Linux (not crap, but anyone who thinks it will ever have major market share is delusional for the exact same reason they think Bitcoin in anything near its current form will have major market share)
@_date: 2015-04-24 00:27:59


That's like 95% of the Bitcoin community, too... And Bitcoin has been hyper-inflating for a while as well. Not entirely sure Bitcoin's creator knew what they were doing creating a theoretically deflationary currency (which any economist will tell you is a bad idea) that is hyper-inflationary for the first 40 years of existence (which means you can't use it as a currency).
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:07:09
Maybe if didn't make ostentatious claims about its future success. I mean this sub thinks they're all going to millionaires in a few years, like it's just a matter of waiting. If y'all were a bit more humble about your little experiment here, maybe your internet tokens wouldn't be judged so harshly.
@_date: 2015-04-30 03:11:02
That chart means very little. Nobody stockpiles dollar bills for a century expecting them to hold their value. You invest them in low-risk stocks/bonds that easily beat inflation. See that smooth slope since 1993? That's called a "stable currency" and is something Bitcoin will probably never achieve.
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:51:23
France has the 5th largest GDP in the world. Cyprus is at 104. Greece is 42nd. Neither economic collapse did anything significant to Bitcoin (price pretty much just kept going down...). An economy as large as France's does not just *collapse* like Greece or Cyprus. 
Even if it does falter, your internet tokens aren't going to help anybody. USD on the other hand has been climbing all year, and looks like a much better investment if you want to get rid of Euros.
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:04:42


Jeez, this is like a Jehovah's Witness convention or something. "When did you realize the true value of religion?"
*Not a cult*
@_date: 2015-04-20 05:28:37
I just think it's sad that people can't respect intellectual property like they do physical property. You would never steal someone's physical stuff that they bought or made, but you'll copy their digital creations because "it's not really stealing," ignoring the fact that digital creations still take time, effort, and money to produce.
@_date: 2015-09-05 00:24:53
[The prosecution's letter to the judge pre-sentencing]( (with citations to court evidence)






after several months only because it was not drawing enough business. (*See* Ex. B (forum posts and screenshots reflecting firearms sales on Silk Road and the Armory)).
I thought I remember cyanide being mentioned, but can't remember if it was in this letter or not. Regardless, the whole thing is a good read. Even if you disagree with the recommendations or conclusions, the facts are the facts and they have a lot of them (unless you partake in the massive government conspiracy theory to frame Ross Ulbricht).


No, alcohol is a legal good, and is allowed to be sold under some restrictions. For cultural and historical reasons, people just like it enough to accept its harmful effects on society. Society believes people are capable of consuming it responsibly. Why they don't feel the same about marijuana, or more potent drugs? I dunno, that's just the way it is. Humans don't always make perfectly logical decisions, and there is a wealth of different ideologies and beliefs that affect everyone's views. Decisions made 40 years ago may not make sense anymore, but people get stuck in their ways.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:47:08
* Stores money
* 24 hr debit card
What more do you want with a bank account?
@_date: 2015-09-29 18:01:03
Or instead of trying to play an incredibly volatile market to hedge your bets, stick with fiat and not worry about anything.
@_date: 2015-09-01 16:58:43


So people will just shop elsewhere...


I don't think anyone really says that (anyone who is a mainstream consumer, anyway).


Yeah, good luck with that.
@_date: 2015-09-21 19:42:46


Uhhh, citation? And this is rather meaningless, police can arrest you for literally anything, it doesn't mean you're guilty of a crime. Storing your life savings in cash isn't a crime in the US (and I've never heard of a first-world nation with such a rule). Regardless, the government can just as easily seize your bank account if they have a warrant and proof of it being the profits of a crime.
@_date: 2015-04-18 21:02:06
Well, if you continue to work and live in the United States, you'll still be paying taxes, just as an alien instead of a citizen.
If you want to enjoy the benefits of a nation while paying no taxes go mooch off of some other nation.
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:51:00
Such a great currency right?
So you remember when Bitcoin was a $1 (let's say a Bitcoin can buy a loaf of bread)? Your salary is 50,000 Bitcoin/year and let's say you borrowed 70,000 Bitcoin to buy a house. The monthly payment is 500 Bitcoins. 5 years later (through the magic of a deflationary economy or something) a Bitcoin is worth $200 (or buys 200 loaves of bread). Your salary has of course been adjusted down to 250 Bitcoins/year, because you still provide only the same worth to your company. Yet the terms of your loan haven't changed; you don't make enough in a year to make even the monthly payment.
Under the same argument there's no reason to ever give anyone a loan. Currency gains value naturally; no point in risking it loaning it to others for profit. The economy will stagnant as businesses can't get loans or investments, you won't be able to get a loan for a house or car *or* it will be at much higher interest rates than you see now.
Deflationary economies suck.
So yeah, your Bitcoin was once a well-performing investment, and now it's a tanking investment, and that's all it will ever be.
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:25:24




Yeah, not like the Great Depression was a thing where thousands of people lost their entire savings because the banks ran out of money. Now look at [today]( where banks still fail every day, but their hundreds and thousands of depositors receive all of their money back. I think regulation fixed something there.
What else is there? The [SEC]( keeps the stock markets fair. In your anarchist paradise, the Bitcoin exchanges can see all incoming transactions and front-run their own buys and sells for easy profit, and that's somehow legitimate. CEO/employees are also free to sell off/buy stock before news gets to the public, unfair insider trading. We totally don't need to prevent either of those right?
I could go on forever, this is ridiculously easy.
@_date: 2015-09-09 20:38:30
Of course. You don't carelessly lose $5 every day do you? But if it happens once, it's nothing to lose sleep over. It's the same with 40 BTC: "Oh, that sucks, now I know not to do that" and you move on with your life.
@_date: 2015-09-28 05:02:58


99.999% of America, or whatever first-world country you like. Go survey a third-world country with a non-functioning government and see how many people would prefer a "theft bill" to their current situation.


Yep, because neither of those things would happen if you didn't pay taxes. Potatoes would probably cost $7 each, and roving gangs would murder you and steal everything you own. But hey, at least no one coerced you into paying a "theft bill."
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:02:40


I was talking about the [FDIC]( created in 1933.


There are lots of examples of free markets that hurt consumers more than their now regulated markets. You want specifically banking ones? That's the one I just listed, remedied by the FDIC.
Also, markets are still considered free in the US, regulation is not some huge burden, as you can see by the *mostly* successful US economy. Sure, some companies switched to production in third-world countries, but you can see how that only harms people in those countries, with China pumping out smog and coal fumes, and people working for pennies across East Asia. That's what the lack of an EPA and minimum wage regulation does.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:46:10
I'd just look at whatever local banks are around. I lived in a small town and the two banks my family had accounts at were [this one]( that Wikipedia claims is in the top 50 banks by size and another small regional one that only had 20 or 30 locations. They were apparently bearable enough for my dad to keep them for years (and he's not one to deal with bullshit fees).
@_date: 2015-09-24 14:43:13
Just yourself. But I know you guys are all internet and electronic security pros. You've got that degree in computer security, 20 years of experience, and amazing luck that requires you to never mess up or get hit with some unknown exploit wiping out your life savings.
Or you could just get a free bank account that is insured 100 times over. Oh nooo, I have to trust the bank with my money, whatever will I do...
@_date: 2015-04-12 17:00:56
Neither were US dollar users.
@_date: 2015-04-26 03:10:30
Have fiat &gt; Convert to Bitcoin (minus exchange fee) &gt; Donate Bitcoin &gt; Sell Bitcoin for fiat (minus exchange fee) &gt; Actually do useful stuff with the currency
So you basically donated fiat but helped out two exchange owners in the process...
@_date: 2015-04-20 15:00:25


There was a cost: the cost to produce, develop, and otherwise make the music. According to you, creators are not allowed to recoup this investment, must give away their creations for free, and are forced to obtain revenue via other means.
@_date: 2015-04-06 10:49:33
You must be new here... this sub downvotes anything that makes Bitcoin sound bad or like they won't be getting rich sitting on their asses.
@_date: 2015-04-20 05:26:15
If you realize it's wrong and don't try to justify it in some weird way, then that's cool. You're just a guy that pirates stuff. You don't really need it. Before the internet, poor people just made do with what they had. Now that you can easily pirate stuff online, that instant gratification that feels so good overpowers what little conscience you have and you pirate stuff. At least you're honest.
@_date: 2015-09-22 15:04:36
From the [Wikipedia article]( found using a rudimentary Google search:


@_date: 2015-09-24 14:32:07
This sub has had some bad experiences in the past with purchasing Bitcoin miners. Or have you guys forgotten how those totally-not-scammy companies strung you along for months and then sent you a pile of used electronics that was little more than a fire hazard?
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:35:30
It's more like 45/10/45 and the 10% just change their mind every eight years, while the candidates spend millions of dollars trying to sway them to their side. The last four Presidents have been alternating parties, and that's how I think it will continue (until one of them stumbles into a period that isn't economic recession and the 10% suddenly decide they want to try that party again, as if the President has anything to do with overall wellness of a nation).
@_date: 2015-09-17 03:50:31
No they're not. They're using Google, which uses Linux. You might as well say they're also using binary and mathematics when Googling something.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:20:21


No, a decent bank only has fees for when you yourself fuck up, like overdrawing your account. I'm actually at a credit union, which is even better. There is no shortage of banks. If yours has unreasonable fees, use a different one.


Not on personal checking and savings accounts, that's for sure. Banks make money interacting with businesses who have accounts in the thousands of dollars, by reinvesting that money in loans or stocks or whatever.
Personal checking and savings accounts exist so when you need a loan for a car, house, or your new business idea, they're the first place you go (it's a [loss leader]( basically). Banks make a nice chunk of change off those.
@_date: 2015-09-23 19:43:32
The first-to-file is misleading. If two people independently invent something, the first one to publicly publish their work is allowed the patent, not the first to file a patent application.
@_date: 2015-09-15 17:12:49


You're trying to create something in Bitcoin that already exists in modern banking systems, minus all the protections the modern system has. Eventually you'll realize those are kind of a good thing.


You can never take them to court.


A fair point, but they can still not provide the service and you can't get your money back.


Netflix itself probably won't do that. But prepare for a slew of new companies promising "streamining services at $6.99 a month," "... $5.99 a month," "...$1.99 a month," etc. all with varying levels of illegality, pirating, and scamming. Every market becomes cluttered with crap and "good deals" that could just be scams. Where do you send your Bitcoin? Netflix could easily use its already trusted reputation to raise their fee higher because that's where people know they will actually get genuine service. Now you're paying more.
Now expand that to every single market. When you have an irreversible payment method, you have a petri dish for scams. All you have to do is get them to trust you enough to send that first bit. With credit cards, it's not so easy to scam people. You don't need to look any further than to see how problematic the scams are.
How do you try out new companies? What if Netflix (or some other company) legitimately just isn't working for you, or never shipped your product? And they refuse to refund you? They *insist* they sent the $200 TV and every other customer happily received theirs. Maybe it did get lost in the mail, but the company refuses to refund you. Are you just out $200?
Don't even get me started on peer-to-peer online trading a la eBay, and Bitcoin's escrow ideas which just reinvent existing systems in a more broken apart, corruptible, and expensive way.
Remember, [you can screw over every 30th customer and still have 97% positive feedback]( If you have hundreds or thousands of customers, you can have arbitrarily high customer feedback (99.9%) and still leave some people high and dry without their money or service they paid for. Or, do legit business for awhile, building up your reputation, then scam everyone at once, open up as a new shop, and do it again. Pretty sure this is how Bitcoin exchanges, online drug marketplaces, and the vendors in those places basically operate.
@_date: 2015-09-13 03:06:16
Probably because that's a monumentally stupid way to pay for a used car. You're just asking to get mugged. Banks have these things called  [cashier's checks]( which are basically made specifically for this purpose.
Also, probably not wise to keep $6000 in teller drawers (especially if this is a smaller branch bank). Unless you want to clean out every single teller's drawer to withdraw your money, it'd be nice to give them a heads up so they can pull it out of the safe.
@_date: 2015-09-04 21:36:52


The morality or practicality of a law has little to do with whether you forfeit illegal profits or not. When all of us pay 10% of our income to the government, you should be pretty mad when someone is rolling in untaxed millions. The "hard work" of Silk Road got at least a couple of people killed via drug overdoses, and connected hundreds more with computer hacking software, credit card numbers and theft software, fake driver's licenses, passports, unlicensed guns, and cyanide at one point I believe. You can claim that that's not Silk Road's fault, but the vast majority of society disagrees.
I guess you think HSBC also shouldn't be cited huge fines for drug money laundering because that would be "theft" for differing political beliefs?
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:04:53


The thing is.... 99% of the population is actually kind of okay with that law. Only crackpot anarchists think "you're a victim of an unjust system" and so you're delusional if you think 99% of people are going to suddenly switch to Bitcoin and start protesting government injustice. Nobody cares that Ulbricht went to jail, he was running a multi-million dollar drug empire connecting people with every drug known to man, and dozens of other illegal goods, and skimmed millions of untaxed dollars in profit off the top. 99% of people have no problem with him being in jail.
TLDR: You guys have a minority opinion and are a minority of people. It's not "victim blaming," we just think a crime was actually committed, and the law is fair.
@_date: 2015-09-14 19:51:32
Not mine... Oh wait, that's cause I live in the US. How bad are your internet tokens when an *inflationary* currency is beating them at deflation?
@_date: 2015-09-26 07:12:49
It's a hell of lot more fair than whatever Russia is doing.
@_date: 2015-09-26 07:23:17
What we actually get is companies subsidizing content creators to get product mentions in the video. You see every YouTuber nowadays end their video (or start it) talking about this cool audiobook website or whatever else. All because *you* (adblockers) can't wait 5 seconds to skip an ad at the beginning of the video.
Adblock killed off the only form of revenue small-time content creators have. They either quit or sell out to corporate interests. 
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:36:20






Nobody has time to go to freaking small-claims court to get back $200, which a credit card company would have been willing to refund you with a simple phone call. Come on, people...
Your currency also seems to now have a terrible reliance on the government that this sub so despises. So using Bitcoin means you don't have to pay the government filthy tax dollars, but if some company defrauds you, you go running to the court system? LOL.
@_date: 2015-04-09 13:52:34


Ah yes, console those who lost money with "At least they won't be around for long." That's not going to get my money back. Ergo, your currency sucks.


And people don't seem to have a problem with it. Even Bitcoiners are paying for it, since Bitcoin discounts don't really exist, yet you guys get none of the protection.
@_date: 2015-09-24 17:02:41


We need better lobbyists on our side, and the commission/Congressmen that make these laws needs to tell Disney to fuck off. We live in a capitalist society, and businesses/rich people will always have more leverage. We just need better legislators that can see all of the effects of copyright law, and not just the ones Disney tells them (which requires us to educate them).


Copyright is useful, and I think there is a period of time we can all agree on. Something like "life of the author or 50 years, whichever is more" would work, or if the rights are sold to a corporate entity, then 50 years. The creator can live off of the fruits of their labor (or if they die prematurely, their descendants can) and works pass into the public domain relatively quickly.
It's much better than "life of the author plus 70 years" like it is now, anyway.
@_date: 2015-09-03 14:52:17
Or at all?
@_date: 2015-09-07 22:23:01
For the cost of a single server you could easily handle Bitcoin's transaction throughput from your basement.
The rest of the $150 million is just used to turn fossil fuels into carbon dioxide in the pursuit of some special numbers that apparently mean something. Most people find it easier to just trust a central source.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:38:08


Fine.... "Imagine you were an author..."
Come on, dude, you know what I mean.


Yeah, but I'm sure the company you work for can totally afford to not copyright the software you write. Otherwise I could open Company Y, see what Company X has put up for sale today, and just sell that at half the price because I don't have to pay you a salary.


I'm sure you could totally raise yourself and two kids on the donations and "crowdfunding". Maybe you could sell signed copies of your code? A live performance of you coding it?


Nobody says I have to buy your cookbook. But if you spent all that time and money inventing recipes, we should probably prevent Book Copiers Inc. from selling your recipes at half price (no investment cost, see).


"haha [non-argument]"


What is this, philosophy debate club? The legitimacy of government? Let me pull out my Locke and Montesquieu...




Yes, it *was* an appeal to authority. Because I trust the experts in this instance. I think economists are pretty much in agreement that intellectual property laws drive innovation.
@_date: 2015-04-06 08:39:50
Yeah, their business venture failed because of the name, not the fact that it was built on a dysfunctional currency.
@_date: 2015-04-18 15:04:29
So how's the [free money from Bitcoin]( working out?
Like 90% of this sub has a cost basis $300 higher than the current price (with thousands invested).
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:25:59
Bitcoin will probably still be used for internet drug transactions. I don't think the baseline is zero but some positive number that is just enough liquidity for the drug market.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:04:19
Did you tell them about the 99% loss to their total revenue? Or did they not actually drop PayPal/credit cards and just added a useless Bitcoin option that less than 1% of the population uses?
@_date: 2015-04-16 17:45:48
No, millions of Europeans denominate things in Euros. Nobody denominates things in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-04-28 10:23:56
Bitcoin has become the Jehovah's Witness of currency.
@_date: 2015-04-24 00:31:28
Also, the internet could do so much more than what previously existed, and could do the same things better. You can't really say the same for Bitcoin when you look at what the mainstream consumer values (not what some libertarian paranoid about government values).
@_date: 2015-04-06 14:49:11
I use my TI calculator to pick lottery numbers.
Use randInt(1,59) five times for the first five numbers and randInt(1,35) once for the Powerball. 
@_date: 2015-09-21 20:16:07
It's more about controlling businesses that control other people's money. As we saw in 1929, and with pretty much every Bitcoin business ever, when there's no regulation you have a recipe for disaster that leaves the depositor with no money.
But hey, don't let regulations stop you from depositing your money in that new sketchy-as-fuck exchange based in a third-world country.
@_date: 2015-04-07 21:26:56
You say these things ("the dollar will inflate ridiculously quickly") which might happen. Probably not, but you never know. On the other, your internet tokens *are* actually inflating at a ridiculous rate. Miners are pouring coins into the economy that nobody wants. So while the Fed can manage the amount of inflation, the math that you so love is forcing your internet token economy to inflate, adding coins that nobody wants or needs. So you're one to talk.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:01:49
Because the people of the 1920s had so much free time (and access) to see what companies were letting end up their food or how much pollution they were making? If a company has unsafe working conditions, you're just going to what, refuse to work there and starve? What if every company has unsafe working conditions? Government regulation is the only thing that makes companies do what's good for society and not what's good for the bottom line.
Also, government regulation is consumer-funded via tax dollars. The difference is the company can't tell the government inspector to fuck right off, but they sure as hell can tell your "consumer-funded independent verification" representative to go pound sand.
@_date: 2015-04-24 20:24:14
Banks do a lot more stuff than just process transactions. A better comparison would be credit card servers, which are centralized for efficiency. The entirety of Bitcoin transactions right now could be done by a single server sitting in the corner of someone's basement. Everything else is just wasted energy (I understand the pros of decentralization, but the massive energy waste in just *processing transactions and creating currency* doesn't justify it in my opinion; there has to be a better way).
@_date: 2015-04-09 19:28:20
Because the free market will come up with much better solutions? So far your solution is "Well the scamming companies will just have bad reputation and leave." lol, okay.
@_date: 2015-04-10 11:15:27
That was just the first line in his post. Someone on another sub managed to get it to remind them 300 years in the future so it's definitely possible.
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:27:02


How was that leading dark net market collapse any different? Presumably they had good volume as well, but when it's all just sitting there for the taking with no consequences, why not?
Why run this website for the rest of my life when I can take all the money, move to some Caribbean island, and never work again?
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:10:49
Ehh, I know it's not very random, but it's more fun than letting the machine pick random numbers for you. If I ever win and they ask me how I picked the numbers I'll have something else to say besides "My kids' birthdays, shoe sizes, etc. ..."
@_date: 2015-09-15 16:28:52


They're credit card thieves. You just have to wait for a thief willing to only take a 75% profit (which is still 100% profit minus whatever he paid for the numbers).
@_date: 2015-09-18 13:49:04
If the world economy collapses, you will want to be hoarding books on small-scale sustainable agriculture, not digital tokens that require an electric grid, worldwide internet, and enormous amounts of fossil fuels to transact with.
@_date: 2015-09-28 13:44:59


They went to jail. So yeah.


That sounds about right.


That's because they're either too broke to pay their taxes, or just greedy and think they can avoid it. They're not avoiding it for any philosophical reasons. So yes, the number of people not paying taxes is much, much larger than the number of people who oppose government as an institution.
@_date: 2015-09-23 19:27:58
Lol, this is so naive. Please, tell me how anyone can afford to be an author, make a movie, song, or video game, or invent something, when anyone can take their result for free. You think these things just pop into existence with no time or capital investment?
Are those activities just for the wealthy now?
Or are the artists supposed to rely on charity to receive income?
@_date: 2015-09-17 03:49:27
I'm obviously talking about the personal computer market.
@_date: 2015-09-21 21:07:19
Exactly what is being produced on these exchanges? That doesn't generate GDP any more than me and my friend swapping fiat and Beanie Babies forever generates infinite Beanie Baby GDP.


@_date: 2015-04-20 21:40:34
Currency of the future!
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:44:40
The little fan in your miner is not going to push air through your entire house. It's effect would be negligible compared to your furnace. You'll have to have your furnace on most of the time anyway.
You really think your Bitcoin miner is putting out more heat than a space heater? (Hint: It's not.) A space heater can heat one room if you're lucky.
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:58:26
You buying something from Newegg is not a debt... Nice try though.
@_date: 2015-09-26 07:00:38
Gotta love when pirates get into pedantic arguments over language. Yes, obviously we mean copyright infringement. Yes, we know it's not the same as physical theft.
But pretending it doesn't lead to some of the same consequences is ignorance and malice on your part. We can't all pirate, obviously. Someone has to pay for shit to get made. Of course you think you're entitled to not pay for stuff. You get into pedantic arguments over defining theft instead of acknowledging that you're cheap and steal content.
@_date: 2015-09-18 13:53:20
Nobody scammed you. The bank was adhering to the terms of the contract you signed, and even tried to warn you, but you ignored them. You are the only one responsible for the loss of that money.
@_date: 2015-09-11 14:29:37
Probably 50% of those 1 million left Bitcoin after making account due to the decreasing price, Coinbase canceling a transaction, etc. 
Then you have your traders, who have no interest in "using" Bitcoin, but are just playing a volatile market to make USD. I don't think those people really count.
@_date: 2015-09-23 22:22:17
Because humans are capable of critical thinking skills, and the world isn't as black and white as you think it should be. 20 years is the grace period for patents, 7 months is the grace period for abortions, you can argue about it all day, that's just what the human race settled on.
@_date: 2015-09-24 14:36:34
This is hilarious. You guys hate IP, but then when companies actually share IP and another company uses it, you get all mad. Do you actually support IP now?
@_date: 2015-09-24 14:35:00


This has been happening for a long time now.


That ship also sailed long ago.
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:39:48
Uhhh, no you can't. I just checked in Internet Explorer and there's no option in the side bar to disable the subreddit's CSS. You may be able to find a sitewide setting in the options, but the checkbox in each sidebar is RES.
@_date: 2015-04-24 14:47:29
Cussing at the teacher is a pretty fair reason for facing discipline.
@_date: 2015-09-23 19:50:25
I think a literally *free* bank account is still miles ahead of any Bitcoin storage product. Get back to me when there's an insured Bitcoin storage option for the low, low price of $0.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:07:38
Lol, that's a bunch of cop-outs.
Please, write a book and realize your income is solely from 0.00001% of the market that really cares about "limited, signed copies." Not every author is Harper Lee or Stephen King. I've read books that are worth the $20 and a spot on my bookshelf but not a signed copy from the author.
Crowdfunding? You have to be joking. There's a reason 99.9% of kickstarters are failures. The stuff is complete crap. Nobody donates to that shit. People *buy* stuff.


Lol, violent monopolistic institution. I agree copyright terms need to be scaled back, but a decade or two of exclusivity for a work to be sold is not some crime against humanity.
Luckily, smarter people than you or me understand the value of patents and copyright. In ages past, composers and artists didn't exist without a rich benefactor. They died penniless when their rich benefactor stopped supporting them. Should only those with a rich friend be capable of creating? Or should we allow creators to support themselves with their work (and not in some horribly stunted fashion)?  
@_date: 2015-04-26 04:56:06
We're having this discussion in two different places.


You neglect to explain how. If a business is still licensed I know they haven't scammed their entire customer base before, and I can look at their past performance. I also know the government has the information of the owners of the company, so if something does go wrong, there is someone accountable for it.
And licenses do ensure competence. You need an engineering degree to be a Public Engineer. You need a medical degree to be licensed to practice medicine. You need a law degree to practice law, etc. Financial businesses have to report finances and taxes to the government to ensure they aren't insolvent or doing shady things with customers' money, laundering money, etc. Shareholders and investors would also like to know what exactly the business is doing, and a license/regulation requires them to divulge that information.
It also just smooths over the process of taxation and regulation. It tells the government (and society) "Hey, I'm a business, I'm paying my taxes, and doing everything by the book."
@_date: 2015-04-10 02:09:12
Twilight might actually be more realistic than this one.
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:18:09
Or you could just put your money in some stock market funds that are pretty much guaranteed to outpace inflation over the long run. Investing in companies is much safer than gambling on how much people like gold in the future.
@_date: 2015-09-28 04:56:01
This comment, and everything below it should explain why the Bitcoin community is ostracized. You guys pare back the definition of government to French philosopher levels like it proves that the government is evil or something. Nobody gives a fuck; we pay taxes because we know a functioning government is a good thing.
@_date: 2015-09-14 19:40:58
I'll make sure to write that on your tombstone when you get shot resisting a mugging that should never have happened in the first place.


The rest of us will live past 20 with our cowardly cashier's checks.
@_date: 2015-09-01 17:02:13
You know merchants can be fraudsters, too? Or do you just head on over to  and buy a Playstation for $20 worth of Bitcoin, confident that your product will be duly delivered?
@_date: 2015-09-15 16:30:31
You could say the same thing about pawn shops in sketchy areas, that are *totally not selling stolen goods*.
@_date: 2015-04-18 19:58:38
not a cult
@_date: 2015-09-24 14:39:37
More along the lines of "I'm paranoid and think there are dark forces at work preventing me from hoarding Bitcoin, so I'll make this real edgy and click-bait title"
Coinbase and Circle probably just want to make fucktons of money while they still can, and that means following banking regulations. There's no sinister move to kill Bitcoin here, other than the free market that has already decided Bitcoin sucks.
@_date: 2015-09-26 22:49:36
Sure, but that doesn't mean it's right. Studies also suggest that lethal injection is more humane than the electric chair, which is more humane than being hanged, drawn, and quartered. That doesn't mean we should support any of them.
Regardless of how "better" he made the world, he still profited off of the trafficking of illegal drugs, and *society* believes (which is all that matters) that anyone trafficking illegal drugs that can lead to overdose and death is culpable for those deaths. They are considered inherently dangerous, just like a broken amusement park ride, and knowing that it is broken/dangerous while letting people use it is a crime. Another more contentious example is stealing a stop sign, which later causes a fatal car crash. Is the thief guilty of manslaughter, or just petty theft? Shouldn't an adult human being understand the obvious consequences of their actions?
Why do we consider cocaine and meth to be inherently dangerous, and not alcohol or aspirin? That's just the way society chose it to be; the former are considered net negatives to the community and the latter are net positives (despite however much you may disagree).
@_date: 2015-04-05 03:55:57
You also don't have to trust your digital security skills. Not everyone can secure themselves against every attack vector. Really 99.999% of people can't. You'd be naive to think you could do it better than a doubly-insured bank.
@_date: 2015-03-15 15:20:43
Fiat USD is immortal for all practical purposes. The only way for it to crash is for the US economy or government to collapse, and most people feel pretty safe betting on neither of those happening anytime soon. Even if they did, the economic ramifications would preclude Bitcoin taking over, since you'd probably have trouble finding food, let alone someone willing to take your worthless internet tokens.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:13:42
What is your company's hourly income, though? Something tells me "thousands of dollars in fraud" is negligible. Your company eats that cost like Amazon eats the cost of hundreds of thousands of dollars in fraud and Walmart eats the cost of shoplifting. It's entirely minuscule (or your business sucks).
If you used Bitcoin, you'd see a worse drop in revenue because people like the ability to chargeback. Or you'd have to have huge discounts to get people to switch, which again just ruins revenue to where it's unworkable.
@_date: 2015-03-08 23:35:29
So you pay a 1% fee to store your non-volatile USD in a volatile currency that usually rapidly inflates before spending it? And miss out on credit card rewards? Makes sense.
@_date: 2015-09-23 20:40:19
Maybe it's because I'm using one based in a college town, but the only minimum I know of is like $5. I had to put $5 in the savings account and haven't touched it since. I haven't met any other fees and I probably make less than 5 purchases a month.
@_date: 2015-09-24 19:41:13
So you're -$120 in the hole and still have to learn how to correctly operate it and spend Bitcoins without getting scammed. And there's still no insurance policy. Meanwhile, my *free* bank account can get robbed, destroyed by a hurricane, go bankrupt, have its encryption brute-forced or social-engineered or my passwords stolen, and my money is still there, perfectly safe.
@_date: 2015-03-17 20:26:49
If by "using purse.io" you mean "facilitating credit card thieves" then sure, that's the way to go.
@_date: 2015-03-23 22:05:16


Seriously dude, you just sound like a whiny teenager. Writing an essay can teach you a variety of useful things: how to collect sources, how to select quotes, how to prove a thesis using supporting facts and quotes, how to fluently express your ideas, or anything really. You can write an essay on pretty much anything and for any purpose: to cover the history of something, to draw conclusions from source material, to tell a story from your life, to relate to something else, or just to opine on some philosophical topic.
Sure, grading essays will always be more subjective than grading math problems, but there are clear differences between a bad essay and a good essay, and learning how to write a good essay is an important skill. Lots of jobs (like those STEM ones Reddit so loves) require you to write documents where you have to support your conclusions with facts. I'm only in college and I'm writing a 1000-word lab report every week for my engineering lab. That's essentially essay writing, and that's why you learn how to write essays.
@_date: 2015-03-12 17:09:46
Bitcoin already reached the hyperinflation stage, so I guess it's like fiat but just quicker.
@_date: 2015-03-17 20:32:54
You pay the cost when the price inevitably drops. If the daily amount to pay for the mining costs isn't pumped into the system, the price drops to a lower point which has a lower cost.
@_date: 2015-04-24 14:50:07
So what you're saying is Bitcoin is just a stepping stone to a much better crypto-currency that doesn't require insane amounts of pollution to process transactions and patches up all the usability/hyperinflation problems that Bitcoin has? I could get behind that.
@_date: 2015-03-30 03:09:54
What other countries do doesn't matter. I gave you a reason as to why people living abroad might still have to pay taxes. It's not just arbitrary. Whether a country wants to tax them or not is their own prerogative. If you don't agree with it, lobby Congress to change it.
I see now that you're an anarchist.


Because that's the point. We give up some of our rights in the belief that it makes our lives better as a whole. Instead of the strong taking what they want and the weak dying off, a government tries to make things fair for everyone. It's not a perfect system, but it works a hell of a lot better than the sad attempts at anarchy throughout history.
@_date: 2015-03-18 18:47:48


Quite the gamble.
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:47:12
For the low, low price of $120, you can be your own bank! All your friends will wish they never spent money on a free bank account and instead spent $120 on a piece of technology that takes multiple hours to setup and understand, and then consistently lose purchasing power as your investment becomes worth less and less! That's if you didn't mess up at some point during that setup and made yourself vulnerable enough to have all of your coins stolen. Tough luck, mate; at least those greedy banks never got your money.
Oh wait, nobody wants to spend $120 to do something themselves that a bank will do for free.
@_date: 2015-03-30 02:12:53
That's not the point. The point is that guerrilla warfare can be highly effective when conducted on your own land amid local populations that are willing to support or at least tolerate your rebellion. The superior military force will always have a difficult time routing you, especially if it doesn't want to hurt innocents in the process, because there's no clean engagements where raw strength matters. Fights are conducted in the shadows, and insurgents can slip out of and back into the local populace (who are usually helping them) without a trace. Can be quite frustrating.
@_date: 2015-03-10 21:59:21
Dying in a car accident is pretty shitty too. If the risk of eminent domain is the price I pay to live in one of the most advanced first-world nations, it's worth it.
@_date: 2015-10-06 13:59:54
I'm sure delusional Bitcoiners come in the wealthy variety as well as your typical garden-variety Bitcoiner you see around here. They could put 10% of their paycheck into Bitcoin just like anyone else, no bank conspiracy needed.
Also yeah, those exchanges are manipulated as fuck. I'm not sure what you guys are expecting when you think zero regulation is a good thing. The exchange can front-run every incoming transaction...
@_date: 2015-03-08 23:18:19
I was done when he called 9/11 a great idea. wtf
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:00:10
Sounds like the same speed to me, in the US you just swipe instead of tap. Doesn't take noticeably longer. The time to type in a pin is still minuscule when you consider the extra security.
@_date: 2015-03-17 20:52:20
I think it's consumers that have a lot of power, and the vast majority of consumers prefer to use PayPal. If 99% of consumers were willing to use Bitcoin, PayPal's threat would be empty. But 99% of consumers will never want to use Bitcoin (because it sucks).
@_date: 2015-10-06 01:00:07
I remember there was a link during the first round of auctions that somebody dug through and found Ross agreed to the sale. He probably saw the plummeting price.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:03:18
Sure, it would be easier to obtain blocks, but with the block reward always reducing, miners will become more and more dependent on transaction fees, and without transaction numbers increasing it doesn't matter how many miners there are, eventually there won't be any left. It will just be a much slower death.
@_date: 2015-10-04 19:11:12
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
@_date: 2015-03-09 03:32:37
Yes, the average citizen lives in fear of the state taking their stuff through eminent domain and asset forfeiture. Don't be hyperbolic. Both of those are incredibly rare, and in 99% of asset forfeiture, they were guilty anyway. And eminent domain is just bad luck, and the government usually pays more than they would ever get for it on the open market. It's not great, but it's not theft. The government has to have a really good reason for a court to allow eminent domain.
@_date: 2015-03-03 03:39:45
That could be a long time... unlike the subscribers of Bitcoin, businesses don't operate on blind faith.
@_date: 2015-10-08 17:38:17
Which only matters through its effects on price inflation. The US can print millions of dollars, but if the economy grows (demand for USD) by the same amount, then it's not a bad thing.
@_date: 2015-10-07 15:02:14
The governor (or President in this case) could still commute all of their sentences. That would never happen for *dealers*, though. Those with possession charges would be released (I seriously doubt anyone is in prison solely on possession charges).
Dealers commit a lot of other crimes in addition to possessing an illegal drug, like basing their entire occupation and life around it. Tax fraud at the very least. Possible manslaughter charges if one of their buyers ODs. 
@_date: 2015-10-15 19:15:20
Then you clearly haven't spent much time on @_date: 2015-03-27 21:08:44
More likely it was just a customs agent bored as fuck and who saw something interesting. Open it, see what it is and put it back together. There's no diabolical plan here.
@_date: 2015-03-09 16:51:15
Gasoline sales won't be the problem in a deflationary economy. Investments will. Companies won't be able to get off the ground without investment, since nobody needs to invest in them to make money; they can just hoard it. So you're stifling innovation and the economy. Banks won't loan people the money to buy a house or start a business. 
@_date: 2015-03-13 00:23:57
Well, I'm at +6, and you're at -5 and -3. Considering what I'm saying is bad for Bitcoin and we're in *you* must be very, very wrong.
@_date: 2015-10-11 23:33:29
Try not paying the 20 Bitcoin you owe your landlord for this month's rent.
You're confusing "using a currency" with "following the rules of where you live."
@_date: 2015-10-06 00:46:35
Lol, okay, "making marketplaces safer in a harsh legal environment." I think he actually just realized how much profit could be made by offering a marketplace where there were no rules. Every drug known to man, from innocuous marijuana to straight-up poisons, computer hacking software, fake passports, fake IDs, guns at one point, it was all there.
He knew it was all there, and didn't care where it ended up or who it ended up harming as long as he got his cut. In the eyes of 99.9% of the public, that's criminal enterprise and a felony.
@_date: 2015-03-18 06:28:15
I'd say it's only morally defensible if there is zero access to it in your country. Like no way at all to pay for it. If the owner decides to sell his product only via credit cards then you're just going to have to deal with not having the product. *That's how capitalism works*. If you don't like the price of an item, *you don't get to have the item*. You can argue about how making a copy doesn't cost the owner anything, but you're really just making up justifications to make it sound good in your head. Clearly, we cannot all make copies or the owner would make no money. You're just shifting the burden to paying consumers; you get to benefit from the product, while the rest of us pay for the benefit. Not exactly fair.
To phrase it another way, the product would never have been made if the owner knew everyone was just going to not pay for it. There is an inherent disadvantage in making a product that can be copied. The owner only gains an advantage when a consumer bothers to pay for it (and the consumer also benefits from the product). When you don't pay for it, the owner is disadvantaged, because he doesn't get a return on his investment costs (which he clearly deserves) even though you get a benefit from the product.
@_date: 2015-10-06 17:41:54
The user-provided deals &gt;5% are almost certainly credit card fraud. No one else wants Bitcoins that bad. The 5% Purse discount might be legit, but like you said, no idea how sustainable that is.
The only market Bitcoin is successful at is buying drugs online and *maybe* remittances, but I think existing services  could easily outcompete internet tokens usable exactly nowhere.
@_date: 2015-03-22 02:49:35
Yep, we're still in the laughing phase. Bitcoin manages to fall apart by itself (see the tumbling price) so there's really no need to fight anything.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:25:31
Um, well yeah, they can do what they want. But also, Bitcoin is an easy way to scam someone. Buyer and seller are probably in two different states or countries and if I pay you with Bitcoin, there's nothing stopping you from never sending the package, and I can never get my money back. I'll take PayPal's buyer protection over that any day.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:56:35
But of that subset an even smaller subset are willing to risk their job and probably prison for what will probably end up being worth nothing (as in this case). There are much easier things to steal than Bitcoins that *might* be on a device.
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:39:33
But is it a log chart?
@_date: 2015-03-17 02:24:37
Reread what I wrote. It's a prime example of how deflationary currencies *don't* work because it's inflating more than most inflationary currencies.
@_date: 2015-03-30 02:00:34
Actually some government-funded public education might help you learn the difference between *it's* and *its*.
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:45:29
Lol, the money is from the criminal enterprise of a convicted felon. Depositors on Silk Road were given a chance to step forward and claim their share, but funnily enough, no one did. I assume most of the Bitcoins is the roughly $15 million Ross earned.
Also, it's the government. Theoretically, the community as a whole profits. We can't let criminals keep criminal profits or suddenly there's an incentive to commit crimes.
@_date: 2015-03-17 20:49:19
That's funny, a similar situation happened to me: When I was 8 years old, I wanted a candy bar from the store, but the merchant only accepted USD and wouldn't take my Monopoly money. Our stories diverge here, because I didn't suddenly feel entitled to take what I wanted for free.
Boggles my mind how you think just because a merchant doesn't cater to your whim that you are entitled to whatever they are selling. Some people still have a sense of morality.
@_date: 2015-03-10 22:19:34
Got a citation for that actually happening? Even if that ridiculous scenario did happen, you could easily get it back through the courts. I agree that the rules on civil forfeiture need to be tweaked to prevent misuse, but the idea is sound. You don't get to keep the Ferrari or mansion bought with your drug empire profits.
@_date: 2015-03-08 22:56:19
Because the risk of the state stealing your house is lower than you dying in a car accident. It's just paranoia.
@_date: 2015-10-12 00:15:15
There's an implied contractual obligation from being born here. Society has designated the rules and you can follow them or leave. To answer your question, [here you go](
@_date: 2015-10-13 22:23:15
The dorm is going to kick you out, and you can kiss any profit goodbye because you're still on the hook for the rest of your year-long housing contract.
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:51:21


Yeah, I get that. Doesn't seem worth it to me, and I think society is fine with trusting their bank or payment processor. My viewing of has only confirmed that so far. The Bitcoin community is scams galore, and no consumer wants to use a system that gives them *less* protection.
@_date: 2015-03-08 02:20:08
Actual reason: Smart people (average and dumb people, too) know they are not capable of storing their funds securely. Much safer to let an institution dedicated to that purpose and is insured, and doubly insured by the government handle it.
Risk of money being stolen (like actually stolen by the bank): Practically zero (like 1x10^(-17) close to zero).
Risk of fiat collapsing: Even closer to zero.
@_date: 2015-03-25 23:03:04
Just do a chargeback?... Oh, wait...
@_date: 2015-03-08 04:47:56
Key word: companies. MasterCard has to trust somebody, like PayPal, to pay, not your phone. Which means fees. You're making the consumer pay them, which means you will fail in a market dominated by payment processors who don't make their customers pay processing fees.
@_date: 2015-03-27 14:54:40
Checks out:


Miners can only do one thing, so it's about as useful as that mathematician who spent like a decade of his life calculating logarithms by hand. Unfortunately, tables of logarithms will not save the world.
@_date: 2015-03-08 23:30:11
The part where you have to pay a fee to put money in your account is kind of a turn off. Also the part where my balance drops without spending any money. My bank app doesn't have either of those problems.
@_date: 2015-03-09 03:43:45
Go take a survey of all of your friends and see how many of them have been affected by asset forfeiture or eminent domain; probably none of them have. Probably because it's not a problem. Also, you're the one making wild claims here, so you get to provide sources. I'll admit that asset forfeiture rules have some problems, but it's not some epidemic. Neither is eminent domain.
@_date: 2015-03-31 23:32:04
The price of cereal *changes*. If you're going to call your internet tokens a currency, then when its purchasing power is a quarter of what it was last year, that's called inflation. Bitcoin is literally the worst deflationary currency ever.
@_date: 2015-03-31 17:02:00
That's just Bitcoin inflating in the time between the call and delivery of tokens. Yeah, the internet tokens built to be a deflationary currency have more inflation than USD. Go figure.
@_date: 2015-03-27 00:54:39
I think the median tip would be much more interesting (and much lower) than the average tip.
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:02:57
The fact that capitalism is thriving in countless countries seems to disprove that notion. Merchants are doing just fine. Consumers get to decide what payment method they prefer and will probably only shop at vendors that offer that payment method. To receive business, merchants have to appeal to the consumer. You just have to include the cost of appealing to the consumer (credit card fees) in your business model. Millions of businesses do it and are successful. 
@_date: 2015-10-18 16:19:40
I don't even think Reddit is profitable at this point. If it cost money to post or comment (however miniscule) there would be zero people here. Just like on your hypothetical Bitcoin forum. Or it would be a circlejerk echo chamber where you all trade bits around for confirming each others beliefs about going to the moon.
@_date: 2015-10-06 17:43:02




@_date: 2015-03-01 12:51:18
Well, "rich, stupid, and lazy Americans" (and Europeans) are like 99.9% of the people invested in Bitcoin right now. So unless you want to say your user adoption is 1/1000 of what it is now, you should recognize that those "rich, stupid, and lazy" people are the only thing holding your internet token pipe dream together. As soon as the get-rich-scheme doesn't pan out, Bitcoin will just fade away, a footnote in the long list of economic alternatives.
@_date: 2015-03-18 18:39:38
Hey look, you've just discovered why deflationary currencies don't work! In fact, what you propose is largely how the world works today; people put money they want to save for a long time into stocks, investments, and retirement accounts where it is used to fund businesses which drive the economy and provide a return on the investment.
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:06:24
Because we all know Bank of America employees and servers just sit around processing transactions all day. Banks don't do anything else, right guys? Just to name a few:
* Business loans
* Home loans
* Safe deposit boxes
* Stocks
* Other investments
* Other financial services
Is the blockchain doing all those things now too for millions of customers, making this a fair comparison? No. Bitcoin's paltry transaction rate could be handled by a single server in my basement. You guys pay a heavy cost for that "decentralization."
@_date: 2015-03-21 04:41:24
Yeah, if Bitcoin's best counter to a free bank account is a $120 product considered "unreliable" well I've got some news for you guys...
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:05:26
You do realize the people in those skyscrapers do more than just push money around transactions, right? A few lines of code in a bank server is the direct comparison to Bitcoin. All of the rest of the people and infrastructure is adding other services, everything else that you go to a bank for. 
@_date: 2015-10-18 16:14:06
Because people are used to whatever ATM they go to working properly. If you want Bitcoin to be more than internet backwater tokens, you're going to have to acknowledge people's preconceived notions; they are the path to success.
@_date: 2015-10-19 19:47:23
The $120 bank account.
@_date: 2015-10-05 23:01:01
That charge hasn't been decided yet. He *was* convicted of running a criminal enterprise, so outside of your pet giant-government-conspiracy theories, there's really no debate over his criminality.
@_date: 2015-03-30 02:07:03


Taxation isn't theft according to 99.99% of the population, which trumps whatever crackpot libertarian ideals 0.01% of the population has.


Yes, that is because you still retain your US citizenship. At any point, you can get on a plane and come back and enjoy all the benefits of US citizenship. We're not going to maintain the country for you for free while you party somewhere else. You have to pay your fair share. If you don't want to pay taxes anymore you can always renounce your citizenship.


Taxation *without representation*. We have representation now.


For better or worse, the government plays a larger role in our lives nowadays than it did 250 years ago. You can argue about whether that's overreaching or not, but it has nothing to do with the basic validity of taxes. They were approved by Congress made up of representatives elected by us. Ergo, we're okay with it.
@_date: 2015-03-08 02:12:52
Bitcoin's closest thing to a killer app has a feature that is opposite to one of Bitcoin's core principles. And Bitcoin's cultists recommend it. Go figure. It's almost like Bitcoin's core principles are not very useful when you aren't doing illegal shit...
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:01:39
It's still insanely volatile compared to any first-world fiat currency. Bitcoin being "stable" moves more overnight than fiat does in a year.
@_date: 2015-10-19 19:48:11
Bitcoin is sure to go mainstream when any random program on your computer can steal all of your coins.
@_date: 2015-02-25 10:59:42
* They'd probably make more from ads/flat subscription fee than individual micropayments
* Videos will quickly end up being pirated (especially if you let users download them), so quantity of micropayments will tend to zero over time
* The porn industry probably has people whose job it is to figure out how to make the most money (like every other industry). Micropayments aren't prevalent for a reason, and integrating a payment system that has less than 100,000 users isn't going to change that.
How do you make micropayments happen? You'll probably have to attempt it yourself. Everyone with experience in this area has already shelved the idea. Chances are they're correct and micropayments will never generate more profit, but hey, you never know.
@_date: 2015-02-23 12:21:49
Is your currency really going to be deflationary enough to where if I wanted to say purchase a house, I wouldn't have to save up for 40 years? Because any currency *that* deflationary cannot have an economy built on it.
So, no, it doesn't work. Banks and loans are an important part of any economy. People need loans to make big purchases (like a house or a car) without saving their money up for decades. Why should I have to wait a decade to buy a house or car, when I can buy one now and pay it off while using it?


No, you invest it in something that is practically guaranteed to beat inflation (and more) over a long time period, because you're usually saving for retirement. Bank savings are used to store money that will be spent relatively quickly (like a checking account) or for a small emergency fund when you need some money in a hurry (like a savings account). The effects of inflation are negligible on such a small amount of money.


No, you invest it; you don't spend it.


How much is your currency deflating? How much profit is my mattress making? $1 a month? $100 a month? $1,000 a month? You can't build an economy on a currency that fluctuates in value that much.


And thus investments cease to exist, and no innovation happens. Everyone just hoards their money, because hey, I make more money doing that then taking a risk on this investment.


What, from the $1/month I'm accruing? Or is it some larger number that makes any economy infeasible?


Again, you won't see this effect unless the deflation is some big number that makes economies impossible.


Yeah, clearly every economist who agrees that inflation can be good is an idiot and a fraud. OP, however, has thought about this a lot from his armchair and watched a few YouTube videos, so you should probably just take his word for it that deflationary economies are the solution to all of our problems.
@_date: 2015-10-15 19:20:57
So you've literally never done a chargeback in your life?
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:10:31
Fiat is responsible for endless wars, but Bitcoin isn't responsible for dark-net market drug overdoses, internet scams, or anything at all.
And I'm sure Bitcoin will just cripple the world's ability to war. Who knew the solution to world peace was internet tokens?
@_date: 2015-03-09 00:06:13
Your target market is 6 year olds?
@_date: 2015-03-10 22:04:04
[Here's one from today.](
Usually they don't get so many upvotes, but this one managed to be well-written enough to draw in the rest of the cult.
@_date: 2015-03-28 22:15:58
Like I said, it will be a slow death, but unless transaction numbers increase, it is inevitable (unless you change the code or something). You guys should be hoping for *increasing* transaction numbers, constant isn't good enough when it's this minuscule. I'm pretty sure that everyone who wants to be in Bitcoin is already here though, so that might be kind of difficult especially with a tanking price that is only going to cause more people to jump *off* the ship.
@_date: 2015-03-11 14:57:11


Of course this would never be offered, because it's stupid. Credit cards and banks are marketing to *consumers*. Consumers like things that protect them. This only appeals to vendors, and a vendor can't exactly force consumers to pay him via internet tokens. Hence why it never takes off. The idea that anybody is going to voluntarily switch to a payment method that gives them less control is pants-on-head-retarded.
@_date: 2015-03-06 00:01:04


I have to agree with you there. Every Bitcoin fantasy neglects to mention exactly how the collapse of the US dollar gracefully transitions into Bitcoin supremacy (and why it would be Bitcoin instead of literally any other currency that is actually functional).
@_date: 2015-03-01 13:03:39
Which hasn't happened. Probably because the only people using Bitcoin are those doing it for the novelty, and they might as well picket the difference if Bitcoiners want to spend them so bad. There isn't enough volume to make up the loss in discounts with the reduced profit margin.
So just another pipe dream in Bitcoinland. We haven't even considered the fact that credit cards give 2-3% rewards so if anyone is getting a discount CC holders are. Bitcoiners are the only ones paying full price.
@_date: 2015-10-15 19:18:17


This is Bitcoin's failure point if you ask me. No mainstream consumer is going to touch it with a ten-foot pole.
@_date: 2015-03-01 12:58:13


99.9% of customers have never had any problems with their bank account. They don't use it for illegal purposes, don't have suspicious transactions thousands of times larger than what they normally transact, the only fees they've had to pay are because they broke the terms of their contract (overdrawing etc.). Some people may not *like* their bank, but it does what it does. And better than anything they could do themselves. At least the bank doesn't irreversibly lose their money because *game_of_thrones_s3.avi* happened to have a virus in it that emptied their life savings. Nobody hates their bank that much.
@_date: 2015-03-18 18:30:31
So you just took a 6% pay cut in the last 24 hours? Wow, if your salary was say $60,000, you just lost a cool $3,600. Oh wait, do you mean to say you still just get paid in fiat and convert it all to Bitcoin, because Bitcoin's volatility makes it absolute shit as a unit of account?
@_date: 2015-10-15 19:26:18
Has email not succeeded then? Because I still get stuff through the mail...
@_date: 2015-03-05 14:44:05
The fact that you replied to it and your comment being indented below his indicates you are responding to what he wrote. Quoting is used to single out specific statements.
@_date: 2015-03-27 01:06:28
Basically means Bitcoin will always have horrendous wealth inequality.
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:47:21
Yeah, I'm sure the notaries just work out of the kindness of their hearts. And they would never disagree with you.
@_date: 2015-10-14 00:27:08
Doesn't work when the price never goes up. At some point you have to wonder why you're throwing away x% of your paycheck.
@_date: 2015-02-25 15:45:51
That is correct, because most home invasions by individual citizens do not have a judge's signature that affirms sufficient evidence has been obtained to warrant a search. The government on the other hand, usually *does* have a search warrant.
But yeah, keep ranting about how the government has different rights than individual citizens. That's kind of the point.
@_date: 2015-03-31 23:40:54
That's nowhere near accurate. A good chunk of those people burned out over the past year or two, because it turns out a tanking price means your internet tokens suck. Plus people get new accounts, have throwaways, and lots of other stuff. Probably 3/4 of those subscribers aren't even active.
@_date: 2015-03-15 15:23:55
That's just a minor improvement on swiping your credit card or debit card, which is ubiquitous throughout the US. Debit cards just also require a 4-digit PIN, which you can argue makes it more secure. Same speed, really.
@_date: 2015-02-26 09:53:59
Let's say you're tinkering in your garage and invent something. You think it's marketable so you start looking for investors to fund production. Some large corporation gets wind of your idea, thinks it's good and makes it themselves. You make $0 from your successful invention. *That* is unfair wealth distribution.
See why patents exist? It allows inventors to have a grace period to profit from their inventions without people stealing their idea. So they can actually afford to invent stuff.
Intellectual property is property just as much as any physical property. Nobody says it has to be your property forever (patents only last 10 years or so, and I think the copyright terms need to be reduced a good bit), but if you can't recognize that ideas and artistic creations have value, then you've just never made anything creative in your life that was worth anything.
@_date: 2015-03-13 14:35:26
Parent can just deny you internet privileges. Should have just stuck with cash. Much easier to hide.
@_date: 2015-03-08 02:08:26
You know it's funny, was telling you guys from the beginning that it was a scam. Really, practically all of the companies selling miners were scams. Y'all didn't figure it out until you yourself actually got scammed, and now we have pissy posts like this (OP's post, that is).
The Bitcoin price works the same way. was right more than any Bitcoiner on this sub, especially over the past year. But no, you guys would never acknowledge that, let's just call them trolls, downvote them, and pat ourselves on the back a year later when we reach the same conclusions only with much lighter pockets. 
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:02:57
Most people don't want to go to jail, and realize that paying taxes is a necessary part of living in a first-world nation. Get over it. Taxes in the US are lower than the vast majority of other first-world nations. You shouldn't be complaining.
@_date: 2015-10-15 01:07:23


Almost 50% of the data. And the 50% inside the already humongous bands is going the wrong way...
But I see what you're saying. 
@_date: 2015-10-04 19:09:34
Don't be sad about that man, you were more successful with this crap internet coin than all these folks still holding onto their 2.5 Bitcoin that they paid *way* too much for and somehow think is going to make them ridiculously rich.
@_date: 2015-10-16 18:55:26
Actually the drug market gives Bitcoin its baseline price.
@_date: 2015-03-27 14:59:45
Yep, mining isn't even profitable in most first-world nations. You have to live somewhere where energy is ridiculously cheap or have a deal with the power plant owner.
@_date: 2015-03-29 21:05:15
Considering we haven't really accomplished much in a decade, it's actually fairly effective.
@_date: 2015-02-20 06:32:40
You seem to be confusing what anybody who uses a currency cares about with what they don't care about. Joe Schmoe cares more about the price of bread going up 80% than whether the government printed some more money.
And that's why Bitcoin isn't deflationary. Isn't deflationary in any way that matters.
@_date: 2015-02-27 10:34:32


Where have I heard this before? When 95% of discussion is about the future and how rich you'll be you're probably part of a multi-level marketing scheme, Ponzi scheme, religion, or cult.
@_date: 2015-02-26 13:49:51
An invention's worth shouldn't be based on how complex it is. A lightbulb is not a complex invention. Anyone can take a lightbulb apart and see how it works. That doesn't mean a huge amount of effort didn't go into inventing it. If you slaved away for a decade perfecting the invention of one, I think that's worth something. Say you get your product to market. You started your own business to sell it. Some large corporation takes your product, reverse-engineers it to see how it works and is made, and is able to make exact duplicates and sell them at a much cheaper price, out-competing you before you've made any money.
I know you think it'd be nice to live in a world where everyone shares all information and we all just invent stuff, and make movies and video games, and write books and songs out of the kindness of our hearts to be shared with everyone for free. That's not the world we live in, because things like food cost money, and sharing all of your creative outputs for free does not give you money. No one can afford to be creative unless you allow them the exclusive right to sell their creations (for a limited time).
Edit: Also, you might note that patents *do* benefit the community. The exclusive period only lasts a few years. Patents are public record, and after the term is up anyone can duplicate them. They create an incentive to actually bother to invent anything in the first place.
Pharmaceutical companies don't make life-saving drugs for the good feelings.
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:51:56
Economics 101, mate. Demand for gasoline is inelastic because most people have to buy gas to get work regardless of what the price is. Price has little effect on how much consumers buy in the gasoline market.
@_date: 2015-02-20 04:08:30
Bitcoin: Don't trust banks or exchanges or merchants because they might get hacked, but trust yourself because you'll never be hacked.
Boggles my mind how you guys think a currency that requires the consumer to secure their own money (because we all know the technical ability of the average consumer) is ever going to go mainstream.
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:40:46
Should we let the mob bosses use their shakedown profits for their defense? The bank robbers can use the money they stole from the vault?
This makes no fucking sense.
@_date: 2015-03-17 21:14:34
Oh shit, we lost one customer today. Business is going under any minute now. Seriously dude, every story (including OP's right here) where a business doesn't accept Bitcoin ends with them completing the transaction using real currency. Your boycotting isn't going to accomplish anything until Bitcoiners make up more than 0.001% of their clientele.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:47:42
Have you considered that the reduced block reward means a significant chunk of miners can no longer mine profitably, which means the network starts reducing in size? Either transaction numbers need to increase a lot, or transaction fees need to go up a lot (OH NOES, guess we have fees now?) or after a few halvings your Bitcoins will be worthless.
Turns out that hoarding your internet tokens (isn't that the epitome of the decentralized currency you guys so cherish?) is kind of bad for your internet tokens.
@_date: 2015-03-15 18:02:23
Okay, whatever. You sure love to see "cracks" forming in the currency considered the safest investment in the world, but you can't admit that your internet token's might have a hyperinflation problem, can't build an economy around itself at all, and are exhibit A in why deflationary currencies don't work.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:49:08
Not when it's used to circumvent payroll taxes. Then it's just tax fraud.
@_date: 2015-02-20 04:17:43


Yeah, USD's 1-2%/year inflation is such a pain, isn't it?


Didn't Bitcoin inflate 80% last year? And you're calling it deflationary? Maybe in 100 years it will be deflationary. Too bad those mortgages didn't come with a "No payments for 100 years!" addendum. Shame...
@_date: 2015-03-10 17:38:22
Not a cult/multi-level marketing scheme.








Maybe it is a cult.
@_date: 2015-02-27 16:06:41
[Those exist]( you know. Less than 20 bucks each.
@_date: 2015-02-24 17:31:40
Except for the fact that 6 years after its inception Facebook had 400 million users and was the largest social networking site on the internet. After 6 years Bitcoin has less than 100,000 users and is still incredibly niche. It had an explosive growth in popularity, but that evaporated. Nobody really has a use case for Bitcoin, so all it has done is flounder.
@_date: 2015-03-01 12:23:05


@_date: 2015-02-28 10:01:00
Yes, just look at all the successful anarchic societies out there. It's a wonder anyone chooses to live under a government; it's not like the only reason you're able to spend your time browsing internet forums instead of, I don't know, protecting your possessions and land from roving gangs is because a government exists. Keep on dreaming.
Also, some free advice: Your internet tokens are never going to go mainstream until this community drops the anarchy/dollar is going to collapse tomorrow crackpot theories. Anybody with any modicum of intelligence knows that peaceful anarchy is a pipe dream. Your internet tokens probably still won't go mainstream, but it should significantly increase your chances.
@_date: 2015-10-08 14:51:26
In other news, the actual *price inflation* that actually matters is all over the fucking chart, 15% inflation in *one night*, 10% deflation the next day, etc. Pretty crappy currency, when first-world fiat currencies manage to target like 3% inflation *a year*, which makes for a much more usable form of trade.
@_date: 2015-02-25 11:08:49
Your friend: Hey look guys, sent me internet tokens for my birthday. Thanks dude, not sure what to do with those besides trade them back in for US dollars which takes time and costs money so I can actually buy something. I guess for your birthday I'll get you some Deutschmarks so we can both give each other similarly obscure and useless gifts.
Fun Fact: Current trade done in Deutschmarks (which has been defunct since 2002) is still magnitudes larger than Bitcoin trade. How cool is that?
@_date: 2015-02-22 00:29:35
Well, Bitcoin didn't even get a moment; it's not a safe store of value at all really. So I don't know, if the USD crashes we'll just use a new government-issued currency, life will go on, and Bitcoin will continue to be volatile as it descends into obscurity.
@_date: 2015-02-20 04:38:46
Saying that doesn't make it so. The prices of goods denominated in Bitcoin went up 80% last year. That's not deflationary. If you trade all of your Bitcoin you bought last year for USD now you'll get a lot less back than you paid for it. That's not deflationary.
@_date: 2015-02-22 00:35:05
None of that matters though. The important question is "How many loaves of bread does this salary in this currency buy me?" and how that changes across days, months, and years.
Now compare fiat and Bitcoin and see which one's better. The sooner you realize that 99% of people don't care whether fiat is printed, or that your "currency" is "backed by math", and just want to conduct trade in a stable manner (read: be able to feed their family on the same paycheck every week), the sooner you'll realize that fiat has strong advantages over Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-28 23:24:58
Wow, that is a pretty complicated fantasy.


And who enforces these laws? Some type of armed force? So now we have armed forces running around on contracts to apprehend supposed wrongdoers? Then what? They're tried in a kangaroo court? Brought back to you?


Oh, kind of like how 99% of our nation is perfectly okay with what we have now. Congratulations you've formed a government. Or in your fantasy land, competing governments. People will just not leave the area that their "subscription" is willing to protect them in, and congratulations, you've formed individual nation states.


We choose representatives to make our laws. We choose someone to be the head of the branch that enforces those laws. Sure it may not give you the citizen that much individual power, but unless *you* want to spend all day arguing about laws or dealing with other people who don't like your laws and break them, you'd be wise to let someone who *wants* to do that do it and represent your interests. Letting someone represent us in government lets us pursue other things in life.


Oh like a government? Or are your armed "subscription" services just going to duke it out and when the dust settles whoever's still standing "owns" the property.
Come on dude, you're just rolling the clock back 900 years on civilization. You've reinvented feudal states, shoved computers and the blockchain into like that's supposed to fix all our problems and think it's somehow going to prevent human nature from running its course. Look at every anarchic society in history or the worst third-world hellholes that are basically anarchy and exist today. The wealthy, powerful, and armed take what they want; the common poor just try to get by. Your computers and "subscriptions" be damned. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 07:19:34
So far Bitcoin has done a wicked job of being "deflationary." It really only seems to want to inflate. But keep telling yourself it's better than USD. Until every single penny of yours is traded in for Bitcoin and all of your savings are in Bitcoin, I really can't take you seriously. So what are you waiting for? Does that 80% drop in price in a year scare you? 
@_date: 2015-10-16 19:03:10
That's the argument, that decentralization isn't worth the expended energy. Bitcoin's current transaction throughput could be handled by a single server in somebody's basement. All we have to do is trust that guy.
The people making these posts think it is more economically feasible to just trust someone. That could be a bank that has to follow government regulations (this works pretty well in the first world for the vast majority of consumers). Bitcoiners think you can't trust anyone.
So decentralization is valued differently. If you don't see much value in it, then you will obviously see the large amount of energy expended as wasteful. It's just a difference of opinion.
@_date: 2015-10-03 20:55:22
Except that won't happen outside of anarchists' dreams.
@_date: 2015-03-28 20:43:28
Thus making the already rich richer. Was massive wealth inequality not on the list of worldwide problems Bitcoin supposedly solves? Because all it seems to do is encourage it.
@_date: 2015-03-08 02:01:13


I think that's called credit card fraud. What you're probably trying to say is "my Bitcoin wallet sells my Bitcoin, then sends fiat to the credit card company, who confirms the transaction." I don't think this is going to be done for free though, which necessitates a fee, on top of the fee you paid to buy Bitcoins, which means you're already down 2-3% when you factor in the rewards I got from paying with an actual credit card. And we haven't even included the likely price inflation that has occurred while you held those Bitcoins since it can't even keep its own price stable.
This begs the question of why Bitcoin is involved in the first place. If you remove Bitcoin from your list of bullet points, you actually get a functional system that is used by millions of people everyday. Let's do that instead.
@_date: 2015-02-28 21:29:26


Please explain how you would be better off under anarchy, where anyone is free to take your stuff. So the weakest get culled, until everyone is part of some "tribe" which eventually start warring with each other? Congratulations, you've formed governments.
@_date: 2015-10-06 14:18:18
None of that is relevant to what OP is discussing, but nevertheless...


Yes, more "I'm just the ideas guy, but this will surely work" vaporware. Are you going to crowdfund home loans or something? What?
@_date: 2015-02-26 10:02:12
That's kind of how capitalism works. Businesses compete for consumer's business. You have to make your offer attractive to consumers. Forcing consumers to take on the risk of securing their own money and not fucking up a transaction is not exactly appealing. That's why Bitcoin's user adoption suffers. The vast majority of the world doesn't buy into the ideological quackery that this sub continuously spouts off, and the rest of Bitcoin's "advantages" aren't exactly better than existing payment methods for the consumer. Which is all that matters. 
@_date: 2015-02-21 07:14:17
OP's post brought to you courtesy of egifter.com. Also, I like how Bitcoin is praised in this story, when really a random website that sells gift cards for internet tokens is the only thing that saved your ass.
@_date: 2015-02-22 00:26:57
Key phrase:


If this scenario happens on a rock in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, then you can trade all you want, free of whatever requirements you deem unnecessary. But the US was here long before your "self-sufficient village" and so you're going to have to follow its rules. 