@_author: strerd
@_date: 2015-06-29 04:41:02
Happy cake day!
1.  Why *do* the addresses all start with a 1?
2. Would you advise focusing solely on BTC or diversifying into multiple cryptocurrencies?  I have a very tiny position in multiple coins and make small, safe trades among them on Cryptsy.
3.  Besides investing in the coin itself and becoming a lender on the various BTC borrower/lender sites, are there other ways to invest BTC (aside from ponzis - something long-term like a mutual fund or term deposit account)?  I'm a relative newb and not quite sure what is safe and what is not.
*Edit: missing word
@_date: 2015-06-29 23:00:46
thanks - I'll look into this.
@_date: 2015-06-29 08:46:50
Thanks for the tip and the answers!
Even the better known lending sites have a big cautionary disclaimer - that's the main reason I haven't committed yet.  Are there other options besides currency speculation and lending? Are there safe options?  Slow-growth (even very slow growth) is not a concern if the trade off is guaranteed returns - I'm looking a long ways down the road.
@_date: 2015-05-12 23:10:53
Thanks for your past work and good luck in your future endeavor.  It sounds like this is a great move for you.
@_date: 2015-04-28 14:39:29
**The Walking Dead** - *Season 11*
Carl is the only one remaining from the original core group.  He's older, wiser and has earned his spot as the leader of the current group.
Finding shelter on an offshore communications array, the group biggest trials are storms as their hydroponic operation and fishing seem to be going well.  
The season premiere has them making contact with another group.  And another, and soon others.  This snowballs.  They begin to set up a network of communications relays.  The first 5 episodes is about reestablishing society, such as it is.
With the former currency worthless (anyone can walk into a bank or jewellery store and come out with armfuls of cash or gold), goods and services are mostly exchanged for each other using a barter system.  When this is not feasible because of the distances between communities, someone's memory kicks in and they get the idea to fire up the computers.
Cryptocurrencies have been sitting there all along.  The wallets will require a loooong time to sync, but when they do, distribution to faraway members of the network society becomes a simple matter.
With no need for banks and safeguarded against theft, members  of the communities thrive in a cashless society.