@_author: streamingindie
@_date: 2014-07-28 06:05:04
There was no sarcasm.
To "Just ignore it" is being overly reasonable. 
Inaction is what allowed the current conditions to exist.
Now we have Bitcoin, and the blockchain technology.
The petition starts the official public record regarding this matter.
It can be used as a reference for complete dis-assembly of this type of nefarious legislation in the future.
This is not the time to be reasonable. Someone needs to kick this peckerwood in the teeth.
@_date: 2014-07-27 20:57:25
Once a truly decentralized currency exchange is established that is more user friendly this will no longer be a threat.
I believe that the way to get around this type of regulation is to  render it obsolete. We as a group or the Bitcoin/Altcoin community demographic, have the skills and determination to stay ahead of these threats with innovation and dauntless trial and error to change the very core of what has gone wrong with our global society. This is an obviously biased ploy from the financial sector to hold on to what they have stolen.
They would have us believe that the most valuable commodity is what they control in the currency, but it is you that is the most valuable. 
It always has been and could never be different.
Decentralization is the key, in every aspect. That is the spirit of what works in Bitcoin and will be the solution to this threat and to any that come in the future.
Greed cannot understand Open Source and fair trade.
That is to our advantage.
We are the future, we are growing in numbers every day and must remain dauntless, diligent and most importantly innovative.
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:21:15
Thanks for the link, I will do what I can to get more on it.
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:20:12
Because ignoring it is too reasonable and this is how we lose big ground.
By letting the opposition take small advances.
Not one step.. not one.
@_date: 2014-09-07 18:51:57
This discussion is important. We cannot afford to be reasonable with the criminals holding us hostage under the boot of corporatocracy and banking agendas.
We would be fools to think they will go quietly but if we hold our resolve and make public the fact of criminal bias, they will be forced into the cold where they belong.
@_date: 2014-07-27 21:35:53
I agree with you to a point on this, but the fact is that New York is a central hub of global economic activity and it is the primary candidate for this activity by the financial regulators. 
The person making these laws up is not even an elected official and is an obvious plant from the banks. 
This regulation will be found unconstitutional and irrelevant as soon as anyone takes it to higher court. This is a certainty, it is also something that the corporate financiers will want to keep out of the news and the mainstream and will likely be settled quickly whenever refuted for this reason.
You are right though, we don't need their money and Bitcoin will continue without them and there is far too much attention and panic attached to this silly regulation cast from an ignorant office that has no chance of being complied with as it is complete nonsense with regard to the workings of exchanges, wallets and the nature of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-27 22:43:53
Perhaps, it is as simple as adding a confirmation box on transaction pages, "I confirm that I am not in New York".
Then let New Yorkers decide if they want back in the game.
This is fundamentally going to be dealt with in New York and by a resident. Better sooner than never.
The right question would be where can New York residents find the **petition to sign?** 
Has it been established? 
Has it been disseminated?
This is after all the formation of a public grievance and the petition is the place to start getting the right eyes on the problem. If not, then, though I am not a resident, I will start one myself.
@_date: 2014-07-28 02:18:34
Excellent, Well that saves me some typing.
Thanks for the report I will start sharing the links to the petition, at the very least it will show office holders the opinion of their constituents.
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:52:25
Not really a big deal. Maybe when this could be employed it would be excellent for mining higher variable crypto. It will be some considerable time before it is even a thing.
@_date: 2016-03-06 02:49:56
The biggest problem with buying Bitcoin is dealing with the banks or moving Fiat. Always delays or rip off prices.