@_author: streamium_directory
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:13:59
If that is what you want to stream, and if people are willing to pay you for it, then go for it.
@_date: 2015-05-26 22:43:04
 is now live.
This website has been built using a VBulletin forum which is the best forum that money can buy.
By building the website as a forum, this will allow people to create streamium threads, and edit them as they wish.
People can private message each other, or reply to stream specific topics.
People can post reviews of specific streams, add photos, or even video clips of what it is they plan on streaming in hopes of allowing viewers a chance to see what it is that will be streamed prior to having to pay for the stream.
I have created a section for suggestions so that users can offer me suggestions or speak among themselves about the improvements which they feel should be implemented. I will do my best to implement the suggestions if they seem to be well received by the other members.
Since Streamium is brand new, I obviously have not had a chance to give this website much consideration, so I am happy to look towards the suggestions of the members to help shape the direction the forum.
I do have a full time job, but I promise to look in on the site every day and try to help everybody as much as I can.
Anybody can post their stream information for free. Be sure to include all the relevant information such as
 1.   Stream Name
 2.   Cash out address
 3.   Rate per hour in USD
I think I have set the forum up fairly well for the launch, but since I was in a hurry, there might be a thing or two which needs to be adjusted which I am happy to do. So if you see a specific functionality which is not working, please just create a post in the suggestion section of the forum and I will get onto it as quickly as I can.
@_date: 2015-05-26 09:27:17
Is anybody else having a hard time logging into the message board for Grub Hub at Yahoo? I keep getting an error message.
I was going to direct the attention of the investors to the way GRUB is alienating clientele.
Symbol is GRUB.
All the other message boards are working so I wonder if somebody in the btc world has somehow retaliated by taking down their message boards at Yahoo Finance?
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:31:53
The person who wishes to offer a stream can easily upload a video capture of what it is they wish to stream. Additionally they could easily post a video of previous streams to give people an idea of the quality of video, quality of lighting, quality of anything specific to what it is that they wish to stream.
For example if the person wanted to stream the footage of a beach in front on their home or restaurant, this could easily be done.
Another example might be a person wishing to stream footage of an intimate nature, they could post a teaser video of what they look like so the person who is going to pay for the stream has an idea of what the person looks like prior to spending any money.
I could post many other examples, but hopefully that helps you envision the possibilities better.
@_date: 2015-05-27 11:33:18
I applaud the people who came up with Streamium. It has a lot of potential. I understand that in an ideal world a preview box would be nice, but other websites or directories can easily pick up the slack if they cannot afford to do it.
Bandwidth doesn't cost much right now, yet if lots of people start using their service, Streamium might not have it in their budget to cover those sorts of costs which could add up quickly especially for a free service.
Youtube was burning through millions of dollars before they were bought out. They had deep pockets to carry the costs in the beginning, and I would doubt that the guys at Streamium have that sort of disposable cash to dedicate to this venture.
@_date: 2015-05-27 01:02:04
I think people will like the ability to see actual videos of what the person is streaming prior to paying for it.
I think people will like the idea of rating and discussing the quality of the streams.
I think people will like the ability to speak with the person streaming.
Directories in their strictest form do now allow any of this. The forum does.
The forum is free for you to use. The choice is yours to use it or not, but isn't the world better when you have more options than less?