@_author: strive2bperfect
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:11:23
That subreddit is for people pulling out big words and basically jerking themselves off about their intelligence, not sick disses.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:20:56
It depends on the shelter, public ones don’t get much funding. Also there are rescues that work with fosters, where they are temporarily placed in homes with volunteers. I’ll use examples from the state where I live, the names will probably mean jackshit to you but it’s at least something. 
Yeah, for example AHS in Newark NJ is ass (they CONSTANTLY profit off neglect, I’ll give you that one), but for Liberty Humane Society in Jersey City is an amazing organization (I volunteer for them so I KNOW their behind the scenes), and so is Popcorn Zoo. The Monmouth County SPCA in Eatontown NJ is also amazing, they actually bought the space a puppy store had in the local mall and send some animals there to adopt. They’re super stringent about who they adopt out to, but their animals are really well kept- my friend adopted a cat there a few months ago and while we walked through the cat section was AMAZING. Another example, my dad’s neighbor runs a small cat rescue out of her house and I come play with the cats sometimes and it’s really nice but small. 
There are a lot of reputable organizations. State run ones can sometimes be corrupt, especially in bad high population neighborhoods where they get a lot of animals and can’t keep them all. But there are also tons of places that don’t profit on neglect. Liberty Humane does euthanize for space if they HAVE to, but have managed to avoid it for three years by having extensive fostering programs.
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:16:01
It’s cute at first and there’s nothing wrong with the dog (usually) but when you buy a puppy mill dog you pay for an industry that profits on neglect. Also a lot of these dogs end up dying early. There have been a few cases of these dogs getting parvo and they have the euthanize practically a whole store because the dogs are immunocompromised to begin with. Also the parents of the dogs are bred until they can’t anymore and then dumped at shelters or put down, it’s just sad overall.
I’m happy for OP to have a new best friend but I’m sad OP’s money went to support such a cruel industry.