@_author: stringliterals
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:53:53
They would use an exchange.  An exchange doesn’t need to posses the cash ahead of time, because they literally just match up buy orders with sell orders.   If there is not enough liquidity on the exchange for a limit order to fill completely, it will simply remain open until enough buyers appear willing to buy at that price.  (Assuming of course the seller isn’t so foolish as to enter a massive market order.)
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:24:21
But the chief security novelty of open source is that we DON’T have to trust the code.  /sigh.  How about “in consensus we trust.”.  
@_date: 2014-01-08 21:11:17


I'm not sure what you're expecting to gain from this flawed implementation.   It only demonstrates that the person controlling said bitcoin private key happens to also have....drum roll... a jpeg of someone's passport!   It in no way demonstrates that the person that has the key is the person in the jpeg.
@_date: 2017-12-06 22:43:21
Article lost all credibility in the headline itself.  There is no such thing as a Bitcoin insider.  That is pretty much the entire point of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-13 05:26:53
We have plenty of headroom.  It's not as though the system breaks down if more than 1MB of transactions are generated in any particular 10 minutes.  Measuring peak block size is not extremely meaningful.   The overall median block size is more meaningful.  As median block size approaches the 1mb cap, even that isn't the end if the world.  It's actually an intended consequence!   Transactions will then be prioritized (by smart miners) according to fees, and market forces will drive the fair value of a txn.   Right now were getting an almost free lunch by enjoying a tremendous amount of "free" work that miners provide to secure our transactions.   The price is currently paid by inflation, but the system is designed so that it will eventually be paid more directly without minting new coins in the process.  
Tl;dr - no capacity limits are imminent.   We're actually operating below the intended _floor_ of txn frequency.
@_date: 2014-02-12 05:18:47
You're confusing two separate issues.  They claimed that their account balance checks did not have the same weakness that mtgox exhibited, and that appears to be true.  Their software does not have the bug whereby txnid is treated as static before it is confirmed in the block chain
The ddos attack is a separate issue that impacts the entire network, and has only a peripheral relationship to the first issue.
@_date: 2014-06-21 02:02:14
Chrome on iPhone has incognito tabs.
@_date: 2014-09-14 05:32:20
The fact that a third party can exert control over where you can and cannot send your money is far more meaningful than the fees or delays involved.
@_date: 2014-05-23 01:11:51
Except 5% safe returns don't currently exist, and you neglected to factor in 2-3% inflation.   So your after-inflation return on a 5% CD is somewhere between 2-3%.  $20k-$30k USD
@_date: 2014-06-04 04:53:29
Nobody is decreeing that you shall use Bitcoin.  Therefore, it is not fiat.
@_date: 2014-02-11 00:10:58
Here is a start of a rebuttal you might find interesting for each claim made there:
OP&gt; [...] how is a currency that is, for all intents and purposes, immobile [...]
Bitcoin is far more mobile than cash.   Bitcoin has no borders.  For comparison, try flying in or out of the United states with more than $10,000 in cash; or in contrast: try sending your mate enough cash for a beer from halfway around the world.
 
OP&gt; [...] BTC are excruciatingly hard to obtain, [...]
Counter-argument: You can obtain them pseudo-anonymously without knowing the sender.   Reference the kid that held up a sign at a college football game and received ~$24,000 USD worth of BTC without having to "know his customer."   This is the opposite of "hard to obtain."
OP&gt; [...] unsafe, [...]
My bitcoin is far more safe than deposit accounts (especially those in say, Cyprus), because I have absolute control over my custody of them, similar to cash.   The asymmetrical key cryptography required to sign a transaction ensures that they cannot be forcibly taken or frozen without my consent.  (especially as compared to credit card transactions, as demonstrated by the recent Target breach).   Also, the value they represent is protected against the ultimate theft of arbitrary or excessive inflation, because I know there will never be more than 21 million BTC in the supply.
OP&gt; [...] unregulated, [...]
You mean debased to 2% of it's original value?  That's what regulation has done to the US dollar.   Bitcoin is sufficiently regulated by the blockchain and network - whose chief purpose is to prevent double-spends.   I'm not convinced additional regulation would be a feature.
OP&gt;  [...] volatile [...]
fair criticism; arguably unavoidable for any limited supply commodity with a burgeoning/growing demand that is so *easy* to trade.
OP&gt; [...] and pretty unpractical to withdraw and spend [...]
Does he realize that you don't need to ?withdraw" bitcoin to spend it?
OP&gt; [...] , besides, no one's actually using them for anything, [...]
OP&gt; [...] most of the 2012/13 adopters have just been holding onto them as a sort of babby 1st stock investment [...]
citation?   
OP&gt; [...] , hoping for the value to raise uncontrollably to cash in and gtfo in their ferraris, which is what the guys at the top of the pyramid scheme probably did a while ago" [...]
See 
@_date: 2014-04-29 18:03:51
There is no liberty more fundamental than the right to self-defense.
@_date: 2014-09-14 05:24:57


This mentality will be the end of what freedom we still have left.   Makes me sick to my stomach.   This man harmed no one, and you're defending no-knock warrants about illegal *substances*; and placing blame on him for not proving his innocence up front.
More evidence that we need to reform criminal law to require a victim or reasonable chance at harm to declare an offense a felony.
@_date: 2014-08-28 05:29:18
It is still absolutely p2p.  Non-mining full nodes require zero trust in a third party.  They independently verify all the rules of the system and reject data from peers that doesn't obey the rules.   It is pure p2p.
@_date: 2014-08-28 14:46:35
I don't run a bit torrent node.   Does that make bit torrent any less peer 2 peer?
@_date: 2014-06-24 20:27:52
You argue that if you spend BTC you are incurring an opportunity cost (that the value of BTC go up), and you imply that by spending USD you avoid that opportunity cost.   This is a false dilemma.  Any time you spend money you are accepting this same opportunity cost.   The question may as well be "why are you spending money when you could buy and hold BTC and profit!"
A more concrete example:   I can either spend X bitcoins on a Pizza, or spend Y USD on that pizza; or I could spend Y USD on that pizza and immediately replenish my USD with X BTC, or spend X BTC on that pizza and immediately replenish my BTC with Y USD.    The choice of which currency to maintain balances of is completely independent of the choice of what currency to transact in (and therefore has no impact on opportunity cost if you believe BTC will rise in price)
@_date: 2014-06-10 04:06:25
I highly recommend you start by listening to this excellent podcast with Gavin Andresen.  It should give you many ideas for how to introduce core concepts:
@_date: 2014-01-07 04:23:07
Each bitcoin transaction already supports multiple inputs and multiple outputs.   No change to the protocol needed.
@_date: 2014-08-28 05:32:29
You can delete old blocks from your node.   Your node merely needs to keep track of unspent transaction outputs.   If you delete old blocks from the reference client, your node will continue to function, but it will wind up with a rude side effect of not being able to supply those old blocks to new nodes that request them while they bootstrap.    It's still very important that each node witness (either live or during bootstrap) every block, but they do not all need to be stored perpetually.   
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:43:57
True, but not entirely true.   There are ways of partitioning systems to add some level of safety between managed code sandboxes.  Windows shouldn't get a free pass on this simply because Linux shares the weakness.  As more of our life becomes digital (especially money), I expect desktop operating systems will evolve further in that direction.
@_date: 2014-04-16 04:03:51
The longer your investing timelines, the more you can be tolerant of short to medium term volatility.
@_date: 2014-02-11 01:09:42
Agreed.  When folks make complaints like this one:
OP&gt;  BTC are excruciatingly hard to obtain [...] and pretty unpractical to withdraw and spend
All I can think of is my grandmother complaining how hard it is to take a picture of her hand-written letter, have the film developed, negatives scanned, and image attached via UUENCODE in order to take her existing messages and send them via email.   Bitcoins are only hard to use when you try interfacing them with legacy fiat systems.
@_date: 2014-08-28 05:26:56
It's because there is no (cryptographically/trustless) proven cost to running a non mining node.   The cost component is fundamental to the reason for proof-of-work mining.   Without proven cost, one could run a million nodes - or make one node look like a million nodes, and drain the system via excessive rewards.  If you try to cap the overall reward, then you immediately run into the problem of reaching consensus on who deserves which reward.
@_date: 2014-05-30 20:25:02
This is like saying "if we didn't need mining, how much less would we have to incentive mining."   The very question implies a misunderstanding of what problems are solved by proof of work.   I highly suggest reading more about Sybil attacks and other weaknesses of reputation systems.
@_date: 2017-02-01 18:07:24
The block chain *is* the ledger.
@_date: 2017-02-16 16:06:30
Banking didn't die in 2009.  We will still have plenty of work for banks and financial services even if everything became backed in Bitcoin, or any other currency.  
It's not like holding deposits is a bank's core business anymore. Ironically, that part might play a more dominant role in a Bitcoin future.  I can see the day when I would recommend an insured and well-guarded Bitcoin depository to my less technical friends, for example - much as society used to pay banks primarily to protect and store gold.
The Federal Reserve, on the other hand, maybe not so much.
@_date: 2017-02-01 18:09:19
I believe it's 100 confirmations before you can spend the block reward bitcoins.  The situation you are describing is called a block race.   If two nodes find *a* block at roughly the same time and atop the same chain, then it's true there's a 50% chance of losing the block race and never getting "your" block reward.  The good news is, the network converges on consensus (the longest said chain of blocks), so there is no situation where both blocks get to keep their reward, so this doesn't break the total supply constraints.
@_date: 2017-02-22 00:32:20
No transaction fees don't quite work that way.  It's the value of the fee that's competitive for inclusion in the block.  There's no reason to believe it would go up with Bitcoin's value unless there were a lot more transactions competing for space in the block.
@_date: 2017-02-09 15:03:49
Instead of weeping over the price, or obsessing over how a price change may effect those outside of China, this might be a good time to show some empathy for those people in China that are really caught up in this.
Bitcoin is many things for many people. It just stopped being one thing for many of those people. I genuinely hope this didn't catch any families in the middle of seeking an exit from an oppressive state.
Let's try to be a little more sensitive to things beyond price, please.
@_date: 2017-02-04 20:17:29
You're assuming inelastic demand.  Demand is elastic here.
@_date: 2017-02-22 05:15:47
Why would miners want big blocks?
@_date: 2017-02-01 18:03:12
Don't risk more than you're willing to lose.  It's that simple.  Bitcoin is still a mighty experiment which very well may fail, especially as it's likely to be subject to situations that haven't yet tested it.  For example: all the BU advocates looking to splinter consensus.  Let's just hope something survives out of this exercise in anti-fragility.
@_date: 2017-03-16 10:50:01
Perhaps for the same reason that they foolishly combined their organization (which has *internally* elected positions like "President") right together with their software project and presumably their commit and release permissions:  they don't understand how doing so threatens to undermine the economics beneath a peer to peer cryptocurrency that is supposed to operate on consensus.   It's as though they believe a (closed door) democracy is superior to a consensus, and that bias shows in both their project management and in their codebase, which lets miners vote on removing consensus rules.
@_date: 2017-03-16 06:01:46
I'll just leave this here:
@_date: 2017-03-16 11:05:38
I prefer the "put up or shut up" message for EC supporters: show that it works!  Implement it in an alt coin and engage with academic peer review rather than ignoring feedback from some of the most accomplished people in the field.
But they won't do that because they're afraid they would learn the truth: emergent consensus is an oxymoron.
The blockchain provides consensus on the *order of transactions,* and shouldn't be co-opted to vote on removing consensus rules regarding validity: that just converts an elegant consensus system into a shitty democracy where only the wealthy votes matter.
@_date: 2017-03-23 22:48:51
If it turns out that you're equally likely to have a dynamic ip regardless of which client you run, then it should all average out (i.e. Equally/proportionally  inflate each slice of the pie)
@_date: 2017-03-14 01:40:53
Which would be ironic since all the BTU miners would be producing is BTUs. (As in British Thermal Units).  I might start calling it HotAirCoin :)
@_date: 2017-03-17 04:35:31
*that* problem is not solved by either LN nor Bitcoin's blockchain.
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:53:47
If you can solve the CS problem of ordering events in a trustless distributed fashion then we could do away with mining entirely!  That's the entire point of a pow-throttled Blockchain.  It's the best distributed time ordering mechanic mankind has thus far invented.
Here's some more information. 
@_date: 2017-03-29 13:50:23
Miners work on empty blocks in the period of time that it takes them to validate a block announced by someone else. During that time they figure out which of the transactions they know about are eligible to go into the next block and which aren't (for example, because they're in the newly announced block.)   
It's not as though they're incentivized to mine empty blocks as an act of defiance. They want the fees associated with transactions they could put into the block, but cannot safely speculate on which transactions to put into the block during that brief window of time.
The longer it takes to propagate and validate a block, the more empty blocks we will see on the block-chain. The good news is, developers on the Core project have done a lot of work that greatly reduces validation times. The groundwork for larger blocks is actively being laid.  
In balance to the above force, there's another influence to the overall observed empty blocks: because block transmission problem causes loss of fee revenue in empty blocks (not to mention orphaned blocks), the more centralized mining becomes, the fewer empty blocks we'll see *overall*, because a miner can plan more than one block at a time in the event that miner discovers the first block.  This is because that miner or pool would know what transactions were put in the first block template ahead of time.  
So the possibility of empty blocks is one thing that drives the incentive to centralize mining (to avoid having to create them.)  So you cannot strictly say that more empty blocks == more centralization.   It's more *incentive* to centralize.  Then as things centralize, you'll see less and less over time as individual miners/pools gain success in scoring contiguous strings of blocks.
@_date: 2017-03-16 23:33:47


Oh my lord they are setting up members so they can sue them if they disagree with them. Talk about cult level thinking.
@_date: 2017-03-16 09:52:23
Over and above SegWit, you can support bigger blocks just like any previous well-planned hardfork without endorsing the BU attempt to convert a consensus system into a system where miners vote on consensus rules for the rest of us and there is little assurance of when and how many hard forks may happen. Hardforks have only succeeded in the past when accompanied by a healthy amount of fear and planning.  
The BU approach makes for a shitty democracy which is only destined to favor the wealthy (because hashpower is expensive.), and offers little predictability for merchants and other economic actors.  Bitcoin only trusts and incentivizes miners to order transactions and to resolve block races with their hashpower.  BU extends this to trust miners to vote on /removing/ consensus rules, which I do not consent to (which is fundamentally why *consensus* has not been proven to "emerge.")
@_date: 2017-03-16 08:47:39
Please feel free to cite a BIP that does what I'm pointing out in these BUIPs and I'll concede the point that it's the same topic.
@_date: 2017-03-17 00:10:48
So I'm doing a little math here....  You say that 10 years worth of expenses, tripled, would be enough to push you over to the point where you could retire on a 4% SWR.  A 4% SWR implies a nest-egg that is 25 times annual spending, and you're saying your windfall would have been worth 30 times annual spending once it tripled.   This means this bet was made with substantially all of your savings *and* that you're really bad at the math, because at 30x annual expenses you don't need a 4% SWR - a 3% SWR would do.  
You are investing far too much of your portfolio on one asset class, friend.  Folks routinely lose 80% of their windfall doing that, and wind up having to work for decades and decades longer than if they diversify even a little bit.  You might be well served to browse more of and @_date: 2017-03-16 11:35:41
I'll explain my choice of language a bit more: 
The differentiating factor between being paid and being a paid shill is not whether you're paid, it's what you're paid to do.  Maybe the Bitcoin Foundation funded some shilling, and I'd welcome you to provide evidence if that is your claim.  I don't know.  I think Bitcoin is better off with less influence from such organizations.  I'm sure if the BF (hypothetically) funded someone to protest "end the fed," then members of the Federal Reserve would be justified in considering that activity a shill.
At least most of the BF work (that I'm aware of) was advocating for the same Bitcoin consensus rules we consented to by running QT/Core.   Advocation is indeed a less negative word than shill, but given the BU goal to split the community around what are supposed to be consensus rules, I'm fine using that more aggressive language.  I'm not about to be politically correct (by the actual definition of the word: picking those words and positions that merely net one the largest number of people to agree with them.) 
The word "shill" *was* intended to carry meaning that some people might not like.  That's the entire point.  If I thought this was acceptable behavior I would have used a happier term for it - or likely just never have shared what I found.
@_date: 2017-03-20 08:33:04
At worst, this is politically motivated DoS spamming attack.  At best, it's a poorly implemented payout system which is polluting a scarce resource.
@_date: 2017-03-29 15:22:45








I don't consider any of those things the "fundamental properties" of Bitcoin (though they're certainly benefits), and tend to ignore whatever else someone writes after they fail to grasp what makes Bitcoin significant.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:53:45
It's true that the current BU debate and implementation is superficially about block size, but the core ideology of the BU movement is that if enough miners vote for a change in consensus rules, then the users should follow the miner's vote and call the new rules "Bitcoin."
If somehow BU succeeds, they will have set the precedence (and indeed perhaps laid out a blueprint), by which some vocal minority in the future would unilaterally change other consensus rules.
Bitcoin is *not* a democracy.  BU wants to change a consensus system into a shitty democracy where the wealthy can buy as many votes as they can afford because hash power is expensive.  Who do you think such a democracy would ultimately benefit?
@_date: 2017-03-20 08:36:10
It's much easier to deduce their motivations. His public past is nothing but a series of attempts at get rich quick schemes. I'm not aware of anything he's done that would be motivated by the desire to make a positive impact in the world.  Some people just haven't learned how satisfying the latter can be.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:25:16
You should tweet that, for full recursion :)
@_date: 2017-03-10 05:02:44
BU miners are a scant minority already.   They are already drowned out.  They're just accompanied by a very noisy (often paid-to-shill) minority.  Just look at the BUIP proposals and you'll see hardly any of them are proposals for protocol changes,   Many of them are folks asking for money to write content for Roger's website, which he often funds.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:57:26
This will only become an Achilles Heel if we foolishly go out of our way to give miners the power to change the consensus rules.  Bitcoin only trusts miners to pick the order of transactions in the blocks they announce (and not to build empty ones or act against their own interests to mine on old blocks)
If we let miners pick any rules whatsoever they will eventually vote in the rules that favor the rich because hashpower is expensive.  It would be a shitty democracy at best.
Keep the system as currently incentivized and I don't care much where the hashes come from.
@_date: 2017-03-14 02:24:49
That's a friendly sentiment, but you're overstating the risk and conflating disagreement (which is often healthy) with hostility (which is bad.)
Bitcoin has reached the point in adoption where it has a diverse set of participants each with their own naturally varying economic interests. The interests may now be so significantly different that disagreement is inevitable. That alone is an exciting milestone for an experiment like Bitcoin. What's magical about this distributed consensus algorithm is that Bitcoin will likely survive any amount of discord, and the moment of a fork based around such a divide may very well be a marvelous seminal moment for the human race.
Why is this marvelous? Bitcoin is the first form of governance better than a democracy: no group of users will be able to force their will upon another. If a group of users agree on a new set of consensus rules, they will be free to use them just as those that bought into the Bitcoin consensus rules will be able to continue. In short: there is nothing to fear. 
If BTU forks away from Bitcoin it may even become a positive example for the creation of new competing currencies moving forward, (or if it is messy, it will help inform how such forks can be done better in the future). I am describing a fork through the lens of anti-fragility. Thus far the best governance we've yet to create is that of democracy, and that has caused some people to attempt to turn Bitcoin into a democracy.  As great as democracy is compared to previous alternatives, Bitcoin represents a first serious attempt at something even better: consensus based governance.  People that have come to Bitcoin have chosen which consensus rules they want and do not have to fear them being changed by others.  There is far less at stake than you make out.
There is a "problem" I wish to redirect your energies towards, but it's not the lack of agreement.  This division is a first of it's kind at this scale, and thus brings with it a lot of uncertainty and fear.  That fear is driving people to be less than rational and less than amicable. The shame is in the threats and personal attacks, not in the inability to compromise. We humans get very emotional with firsts. I hope with time, such further experiments will not bring such rage and divisive language, and will not dominate every forum  with hostilities that might turn off newcomers. 
P.S. - I will point out that both vim and Emacs have vigorous followings today, and the cantankerous fight over which is better has fallen into the background. Perhaps *NIX users merely discovered that there is room for more than one text editor in the world. I can respect those that support "no modes," and not feel threatened that my useful modes are going away for my own needs. Vim/Emacs did not kill *NIX; it turns out not that much was really at stake, and no compromise to consolidate on one feature set was necessary.
@_date: 2017-03-22 21:58:13
I was told in the other subreddit that if I downloaded and ran Bitcoin Unlimited, the default settings would be the exact same as Bitcoin Core.  So much FUD, lies, and bargaining...
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:56:51
The trend line changes, if you're trending above peaks. :P
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:40:58
So... ~81% instead of 84%...
@_date: 2017-03-26 15:59:28
Vending machine transactions are not micro payments.  Micro payments are less than ten cents and often less than a penny.  A lot of people are using the term wrong in this thread.   Credit cards do no support micro payments without aggregating them into a channel.  The difference between LN and credit cards wrt micro payments is that with SegWit+LN you can aggregate between multiple actors and not just 2.   So I could give a fraction of a penny to each commenter I upvote and each YouTube video I thumbs up and not have to trust any intermediaries to do so.
@_date: 2017-03-15 00:46:20
You are quite mistaken
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:52:08
I agree.  This post should not exist :)
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:39:06
BU already hard forked by creating a 1M+ block.  Guess what?  Even those running BU didn't mine on top of it.  They've already demonstrated that there's very little incentive for a miner to risk working on a larger block.
@_date: 2017-03-16 12:29:22
Okay I stand corrected.  For some reason I thought we had tackled something portion of the hardfork wishlist in 2011.   Apparently not.
@_date: 2017-03-15 00:48:04
Just write a BUIP for what you want to write and Roger may fund you!   Of course I didn't mean that everyone supporting BTU was being bribed.  But it is happening and it's a significant portion of the propaganda.   The most active pro-BU voices in have admitted to being on Roger's staff.
@_date: 2017-03-16 10:52:50
One of those two things is a company.  The other is a self proclaimed non-profit that gives money to people that I've seen no evidence are employees.   But I suppose I could be wrong if these BUIP's can only come from their employees - which would be even more damning.  Imagine if you could only work on a BIP if Blockstream employed you!   I was giving them the benefit of the doubt by not using the e word.
@_date: 2017-03-14 23:55:07
Lightning network on top of web wallets and exchanges makes no sense. There are much simpler ways to transact Bitcoin promissory notes if you want to trust a third party like coin base.  LN is a trustless alternative to such centralized trusted payment hubs.
@_date: 2017-03-20 08:26:50
Well for things that are fundamentally unknown, averaging a bunch of answers from other people that don't know the answer doesn't really improve the quality of the data.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:55:27
Ability to push code isn't really the issue here.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:03:08
I had to vote for  not because I think a hardfork pow change won't become a good idea, but because you crafted the wording in a way that assumes no dos attack on the slow chain.  (Specifically you put a timeline of "a few months"). If the slow chain is attacked successfully (empty blocks upon empty blocks keeping difficulty high and txns from happening at all). only then does a pow hardfork to preserve it make sense.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:37:56
Things can be done. They're just not simple so you must be careful. If you include inputs that are only valid on one chain and not the other, then your transaction will only be valid on that chain. E.G. Inputs descendant from new coins mined on said chain.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:38:10
I was careful not to describe "majority" as "majority of users" nor "majority hash power."  We must also be careful not to allow any majority of hash power be trusted to do anything beyond defining the order of transactions.
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:13:35
If there's no crying in baseball, there's certainly no voting in Bitcoin.
That's a lie spread by BTU supporters attempting to turn this into a democracy.  In reality Bitcoin is one of the only things that protect freedom *better* than a democracy.  If you choose to join Bitcoin it's not possible for anyone to change the rules you agreed to without your consent.  Thus the word "consensus."
Run a full node to retain your consent, not as a vote.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:52:52
If we all blindly flocked to the currency with the most value / market cap, then we would all be using the USD exclusively.
In the unlikely event of a hardfork, I will stick to using that which maintains its purpose (value) as a decentralized currency governed only by consensus regardless of whether market manipulation makes a different currency have a higher price
On a long enough timeline price and value will cross.  Price is what you pay and value is what you get.
@_date: 2017-03-16 07:59:00
How much of Bitcoin foundation's funding were used to fund BIPs asking for specific dollar amounts to do things unrelated to the protocol or code?
Also: 
PS - The idea that BUIP's were funded in USD says something about their confidence and purpose in advancing Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2017-03-30 07:31:53
We learned at about the 0.7 -&gt; 0.8 time that this wasn't true.  Miners were building on blocks before they validated (and with so-called SPV mining, without *ever* validating the block atop which they were mining!)
If you're willing to do SPV mining then of course you wouldn't bother to receive the whole block.  Blocks are sent headers-first (or headers-only!)
@_date: 2017-03-16 11:13:03
The fact they included the word "nonsense" tells me this is a joke.
@_date: 2017-03-16 10:21:40
And/or we start judging ideas (specifically BIPs and BUIPs) on their own merits.  That's where their ideas are intended to be vetted, but BU has allowed paid advocacy to invade their BUIP process, which significantly clouds the distinction between technical merit and propaganda.
@_date: 2017-03-16 23:31:11
What sort of monster charges their employees for self-service office coffee!?  A well-caffeinated workforce isn't exactly a cost to the employer.
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:23:03
Wow thanks for that great link.  Seriously.  The exchange between Gavin and Satoshi speaks volumes to the current BTC vs BU situation and Gavin's (current) endorsement of the latter.  "His "evil mind" indeed (his words.)
@_date: 2017-03-17 01:14:25
You don't have to agree on the current state of the channel because if the counter-party attempts to broadcast an out-of-date state then you can broadcast your recourse transaction and be more than fairly reimbursed.  That's how LN works.
If you can't agree on how to arrive on a *new* status for the channel, well then you're right back where you started and have no disadvantages compared to a Bitcoin transaction that you also wouldn't be able to demand they sign. But in this crazy scenario you're still better off with LN because LN supports frequently updated channel states for small incremental values, so there's far less at stake than attempting to roll your payment into one large on chain transaction and getting paid at the end of your business.
edit: in short, the act of attempting to fraudulently broadcast channel status to the network with LN also communicates the key information necessary for the other party to close the channel in their favor.  This is all laid out in the white paper at 
@_date: 2017-03-16 07:35:21
You will not bate me into violating Reddit's TOS with regard to doxing, but the evidence is there for anyone that wishes to look into it for themselves.  I'm merely talking about a public figure.
@_date: 2017-03-16 07:53:28
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:55:45
Their hashpower is very real though.  The fact that they're spending money trying to get people to trust miners to pick consensus rules is a very dangerous combination.  It should be taken seriously the same way a little bit of cancer should be taken seriously.
@_date: 2017-03-17 00:16:27
Advocating for human trafficking, are we?  :)  Commas are important.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:14:09
I'm not sure if I made myself clear or not or if I'm just misunderstanding you.   Please pardon my restatement here:
I chose  as-worded (with the situation being that the slowness only lasts a couple months) I would have picked  or  if it were not for that proviso on  
Edit : never mind I see you did read me correctly the first time.  I misread your response.  Leaving this here though in case it helps others.
@_date: 2017-03-16 08:40:49
They use BUIP's as a freelance job board for things outside software development, which is a stark departure from the concept of a BIP.  I think it's pretty clear that that's what I'm bringing attention to.
edit: the difference between advocacy and shilling is pay.
@_date: 2017-03-13 08:11:36


I know this isn't your quote, but this is like saying a particularly inefficient coal plant isn't really polluting just because the owner doesn't know better.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:42:23
@_date: 2017-03-16 08:06:28
Did you even read the content of the BUIP's I linked?  Those dollar amounts and their statuses are correctly represented, and they come straight from the BU website.  i.e.: straight from the horse's mouth.
@_date: 2017-03-29 06:15:08
No!  You've missed the point.  Proof of work is not what makes rights inalienable in this context: it's distributed, independent validation of consensus rules, as performed by full nodes.
@_date: 2017-03-14 01:42:48
I would be very very careful doing any attempt at spending just one coin, until I was very confident my BTU transaction couldn't be replayed on the BTC block chain or vice-versa.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:11:07
If you own address B you own it on both networks.  This is more a risk if address B is owned by someone other than you (Orr C or D or E.). Then that person would own it on both networks and  you can't easily prevent someone from retransmitting your transaction to the other network. 
Note this problem is not solved by doing A -&gt; B -&gt; C either.   Both transactions could be replayed and C owns your coin on both networks
@_date: 2017-03-22 01:17:02
Have you run a full Bitcoin node for much time, and transacted with others that do? I ask because many of those concerns would apply to running your own node (and transacting with others) to begin with, and simply aren't issues.
We already *have* a network and network effect between full nodes. They could merely rumor established channels around without the need to hit a centralized website. Let's suppose you're about to send a transaction to a simple recipient. Your node could check to see if a route exists through channels to your destination. If one did not exist, then your software would then offer to start a new channel for that payee specifically. Yes, I would do this for 10 different users no problem, because my average payment is a small fraction of my total hot wallet.   It's not as though I worry much about whether my plain-jane P2SH Bitcoin transaction is noticed/accepted by the recipient of my payments today - they are almost exclusively online, too, and receive a notice that the transaction paying them has reached their mempool.
Don't forget that it's much cheaper in terms of resources to add some communication about preferred payment methods to the inter-node communications than to secure that type of signalling in the blockchain.  It's fairly trivial to pass unconfirmed transactions from mempool to mempool, and other data like existing channels and up-time expectations could easily be rumored around the network as well.
It's much easier to see LN working if you start with a mental model of Bitcoin's existing peer to peer system and work up than if you start with some service like BitPay or Coinbase and try to work down to how they would work alongside LN.  We probably wouldn't start by using them for the same use-cases. A user that's happy to trust a web wallet like Coinbase, for example, wouldn't find much reason to demand use of LN to send Bitcoin from one coinbase wallet to another.   I just don't see much overlap between folks using centralized web wallets and the desire to use LN, but everyone still wins when a portion of Bitcoin traffic is moved to LN.
@_date: 2017-03-23 02:30:57
How in the world would you be able to tell from miners when it would be safe to do a hardfork, unless the goal is to create a new altcoin? If the goal is to change Bitcoin, then wouldn't it matter much more whether users, wallets, merchants, and exchanges were on-board in similar portions?
Hell, these days 75% of hash power could be one person with an extraordinarily large closet.  They don't call Bitcoin a consensus system for nothin'.
@_date: 2017-03-22 00:22:39
Here is a summary of the debate (often argument). You'll notice in my post history that I'm biased towards Core and Segwit over BU, but I'll attempt to cast the other side of the debate as favorably as possible:
* BU views the current fee market as a crisis that must be corrected by allowing for larger than 1 MB Bitcoin blocks to be accepted on the network.  This is called "on-chain" scaling, and would require at least one hard-fork (which I won't explain in detail here.)
* BU arrived on the scene after an extended debate in which multiple attempts were made to fork the Bitcoin Core client's code base and simply inject a higher constant value for the maximum block size consensus rule.  Those approaches did not succeed, so BU introduced a new mechanic by which each node can set how big the blocks are that they will accept, (along with a few other options) and include this as an option in the GUI.
* BU introduces the concept of "emergent consensus" to explain how we would arrive on one definitive blockchain despite the possibility of hard forking once or more as bigger or smaller block caps become accepted on the network.  This Emergent Consensus is one of the more discussed/controversial aspects of BU.
* BU is a separate organization from those that contribute to the Bitcoin Core software project.  BU is both a fork of the Bitcoin Core code base *and* the name of the organization with exclusive rights to contribute code to it.  This organization tends to be a point of controversy due to the implication that if their code base becomes the predominately used client, there is fear they may usurp "control" of Bitcoin protocol moving forward - perhaps regardless of whether a hard fork happens.  They have an application process and elected positions like "President."
* The Bitcoin Unlimited organization has received anonymously-sourced funding, much of which has been attributed as coming from Roger Ver (whose resume I will not list here.)  Roger has been an outspoken supporter/endorser of BU.
Meanwhile, these things happened on the Bitcoin Core github project:
* They have fixed the malleability bugs which made it hard to monitor the blockchain for transactions that you might have an economic interest in.  These fixes make it easier to build 2nd layer solutions such as the Lightning Network, and perhaps even private/centralized layer 2 solutions, as well.
* They have found a way to pack more transactions into each block, by changing what areas are covered by the transaction hash.  This repacking is done in new transaction types, so that the use of this software is backwards compatible with older clients that only recognize and validate the existing transactions.  Thus the use of SegWit can be done without a hard-fork.
* The above two features have not activated due to the lack of miner *signalling* (not *voting*).
* The Bitcoin Core software project received source code contributions, in significant part,  from employees and contractors of the privately held "Blockstream" company lead by Adam Back, whose resume I will not list here.
Other things to note:
* These two approaches to scaling Bitcoin (on-chain vs off-chain) are not mutually exclusive on a technology level, but there has been little overlapping support for the two from prominent individuals in the community.  This lack of overlap has often been chalked up to being one of "sour grapes," but there are significant ideological differences between the two approaches as well.  e.g.: "keeping Bitcoin blockchain small/decentralized" is the first principle of many Core supporters, and "keeping/making Bitcoin protocol democratic" is the first principle among many BU supporters.
* A lot of talk about centralization vs decentralization have been thrown into both sides of the debate.  e.g.:  Core supporters fear that miner-defined blocked sizes will lead to centralization.  BU supports will point at the Blockstream company as having too much influence over the Bitcoin Core project.  
* There is a lot of distrust and speculation over motivations on both sides of the debate.  BU has been likened to a Chinese government backed takeover of Bitcoin.  Core has been pointed at as being taken over by private interests in the form of the Blockstream company, with the allegation they are attempting to cripple Bitcoin scaling so that they can push centralized/private 2nd tier solutions.  [This one hurt me to write, because I believe it's fundamentally untrue - but that *is* what many are arguing]
* Both BU and Segwit approaches have failed to receive critical support from a diverse group of mining pools, thus suggesting that miners are quite enjoying this period of high transaction fees and perhaps only motivated to take these short term gains over any longer term gains that might come from further scaling capacity.
@_date: 2017-03-26 05:54:01
Summer children 
@_date: 2017-03-16 22:39:53


Which Bitcoin implementations has the Bitcoin Unlimited group "encouraged" other than Bitcoin Unlimited?  Why would the Bitcoin Unlimited Foundation name it's own client by the same name as the organization except as an act of endorsing a single client?


Then why have you rejected applications to become a member, and why do you only allow members to vote?  Sounds more like an honors society to me.  An honors society is one that exists primarily to choose when to bestow the "honor" of membership to others.   Fully thirteen of the BU so-calling "improvement proposals" are nothing but voting on who can join.
The whole thing seems like a great walled-garden attempt to usurp political control over Bitcoin by attempting to draw users away from other implementations to the *one* client that your closed club controls.
edit: And if the goal is transparency, and you choose to include professionals that are not developers into this process, why do you structure things so one has to pick through your source code repository to find this "transparency" in terms of BUIPS other than the single BUIP on the official list of proposals on the official website here: 
When I first started reading about Bitcoin Unlimited, you almost fooled me with your great talk on transparency and democratic values, but when I started looking further into the details, you don't seem to practice much of what you preach.
@_date: 2017-03-21 22:57:17
Why would LN fees do anything but become a race to the bottom, with a floor being near the cost of relaying the transactions themselves?  It's not like LN nodes are a scarce resource the way block size is.
@_date: 2017-03-16 23:12:47
Here's some food for thought:
Why do you care if other coins "take over" or are valued higher than Bitcoin?  
Why do you believe they would be immune to the challenges of scaling to Bitcoin like levels and somehow hop and skip right "passed" Bitcoin as they got larger?  Increased adoption of an altcoin would thrust challenges upon it, and might even alleviate fee pressure on Bitcoin long enough to buy Bitcoin development some more time.
Perhaps the very state of the art of *any* crypto-currency simply needs more time to progress beyond the current scaling issues without sacrificing the core benefits of using a trust-less distributed currency.  Perhaps there's no fundamental way around simply paying for Proof of Work.   To parrot Jimmy McMillan, perhaps the "~~rent~~ difficultly is just too damned high" to expect transactions to fund an appropriate portion of the Proof of Work. Altcoins are not a threat to your ability to use Bitcoin, even if they somehow managed to achieve higher valuation without tripping over the multitude of scaling challenges that Bitcoin has already surpassed.
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:17:02
Hell hath no fury like a Bitcoiner scorned. :)
edit: But in all seriousness, most of his anti-majority views have, ironically, come from his persistence in the notion that the majority of global hash power define a coin, regardless of consensus rules.  He calls this "Nakamoto consensus," and his holding it as a core principle has taken him down some seriously bad decisions.
One such earlier example was his initial resistance to address the 0.7 debacle with a simple request to one pool operator.  His immediate reaction was something like "the majority of hashpower is the only thing that matters."  He has forgotten that Bitcoin is a consensus system, not a democracy. He has forgotten that a block race within a defined set of agreed-upon rules are resolved by a majority of hashing power, but nothing beyond that. At this point if Dogecoin gathered more proof of work than Bitcoin he would probably advocate to rename it Bitcoin.
In short, he's not acting out of evil - just out of a different set of first principles (which I happen to think are incorrect.)  This is actually not unlike a fractal.  Given just a very subtle different set of first principles, different equations (actors) can arrive at very complexly varying conclusions.  Gavin at least has been internally consistent within his first principles, even though I don't like the resulting fractal.
@_date: 2017-03-13 22:28:53
Nobody gets "fooled" with a soft fork. It's in your interest to keep your coins compatible with the blockchain by default.  It aggravates me that soft-forks and hard-fork have been (mis)characterized as political tools for opt-in vs opt-out changes.  Different fork types are simply technical tools for rolling out changes in the safest possible ways.  Cyrpocurrency Politicians have attempted to weaponize those tools into talking points about user choice.
If you don't like gay marriage, don't get gay married. The security of your "traditional" ~~marriage~~ coins are not at all at risk by other user's use of a new OP code.
That's precisely *WHY* those additional OP codes were inserted into Bitcoin to begin with. Safely expanding the protocol is their entire purpose. Only twisted words propagate this notion that Segwit is unsafe because of it's use of the safest mechanism to expand the protocol.  If you want a coin where soft-forks like that aren't possible,  go find an altcoin that didn't include additional op codes as a well-planned feature from the very beginning.
@_date: 2017-03-29 13:05:30
The routine mining of empty blocks is actually a good indicator that centralization (due to block transmission and validation latency) is already a bit of a problem at 1MB block size.
@_date: 2017-03-20 08:59:43
Sure, that's true: such surveys tell you more about the people that respond than they do about the answer to the question.
@_date: 2017-03-13 07:38:18
What hub are you referring to?  A Bitcoin transaction that is exchanged off-chain doesn't equate to a central hub.  LN is still trustless.
@_date: 2017-03-20 11:06:59
Hash rate is a bit over-sold in importance. The critical aspects of Bitcoin don't require a massive hashrate.   Hashrate is primarily a speed governor for new block announcements, so that block relay times don't exceed network latency, and thus converge on consensus.  As a speed limit they also control how fast bitcoins are issued, but that works well at any appreciably nonzero hashrate.  Excessive hashrate beyond this merely allows nodes to leave the network and rejoin it and have some confidence in what happened when they were gone.  Bitcoin worked for quite some time before the blockchain approached the point where we started talking about thermodynamically guarantees.   Difficulty only went up because of the higher valuation causing the incentive to mine Bitcoin vs buying it at market price.  That's less attractive at lower prices because you can't obtain a big position of Bitcoin quickly through mining when prices are low.
Also the price of a currency is not driven by hashrate.  (Perhaps the inverse is true though).   So other sha256 alt coins will likely become unprofitable to mine in extremely short order before all the excess ASICS are brought to bear on them.
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:45:41
Distributed consensus on time down to the accuracy of NTP is an unsolved CS problem.  NTP is not distributed or trustless.  It would open the Blockchain to all sorts of attacks by nodes and mining nodes that lie about the time.
@_date: 2017-03-12 04:00:55
There's a big difference between scaling a single database vertically and scaling a peer-to-peer network to similar volumes of data.  Neither is trivial, but the most important thing to note is that the technologies required to do one do not translate to accomplishing the other.
@_date: 2017-03-22 21:11:57
Right... that's what I'm saying. We've burnt 75% the way through the diminishing block reward schedule but only replaced a scant portion with fees.
@_date: 2017-03-14 03:25:14
I don't think he's advocating for printing as much money needed to cover the debt. He was stating the fact that they *can* always print money as long as there are buyers for the notes, which is an important truth to realize.  I suspect he went on to explain what the real risk is - which is not a matter of credit risk for difficult, but that part we conveniently edited out.  Greenspan put scary changes into motion and failed to curtail runaway mortgage lending, so I'm not a fan, of his, but I realize he's not *that* stupid.
Also interesting: one reason Greece imploded was because they used a fiat currency that they lacked the jurisdiction to issue.   That's an even more dangerous combination.
@_date: 2017-03-16 08:03:37
The links describe in detail exactly what I summarized, straight from the horses mouth.  Please feel free to refute their content directly.  BU funds these things masquerading as improvement proposals which are a sharp departure from BIP's.
PS - I'm happy for anyone that can cite evidence that distances BU from that public figure.  Please feel free to proceed.
@_date: 2017-03-21 23:51:42
I think the difference between your PoV and mine on this is that you're anticipating much larger LN nodes than I am. I envision LN as mostly peer-to-peer, without super large centralized hubs.  I could see myself and a few thousand others each putting a handful of Bitcoins into a node in order to earn a small but safe return on them, and of course, to be able to transaction on LN. The super-wealthy companies would be able to join in and run massive LN nodes *if they wanted to,* but nothing about LN requires that, and the low fees, as you point out, would discourage them.
@_date: 2017-03-17 00:01:31
One of those "different values" seems to be the belief that new consensus systems that haven't been proven to work should be experimented with on billions of dollars of other peoples wealth.  Their "Emergent Consensus" has many significant flaws that they refuse to address.
@_date: 2017-03-22 19:47:48
Block rewards are already a scant 25% of what they used to be. Perhaps 9 years in with a multi-billion dollar market cap is far enough into the future to at least start replacing a small part of that 75%.
The real risk of not funding some mining via fees is that the precedence might be set that the *only* way Bitcoin can work is through inflation/issuance, and some nut job will campaign to remove the 21M supply cap in order to "save Bitcoin and preserve its proven economics."
@_date: 2017-03-21 23:13:49
That's a fair point. Cost of capital is a real expense. However, I might argue that there are very few other places for folks to park Bitcoin that they were holding anyway. I can't imagine a safer rate of return than putting Bitcoin into nlocktime end of a LN node, and the safest rates of return tend also to be the cheapest.
@_date: 2017-03-05 20:04:50
Just one observation: it would be vulnerable to clock drifting way into the future.  What if a block comes in that's stamped 2 seconds ahead of your clock?  As a miner do you start mining stop it?  It's valid by your rule.   To mine on it that miner would have to fudge his clock early a little bit.  Once this becomes widespread, all miners are incentivized to run their clocks just a little ahead of the pack. 
Edit:  that's if everyone's honest.  Then someone realizes that they can counterfeit some competitors' mining power by drifting their clocks even further into the future.   Not to mention time warp mining attacks.
@_date: 2017-03-25 20:07:57
LN was up and working on testnet in October of 2016: 
@_date: 2017-03-20 08:36:57
Miner*.  singular 
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:32:50
I completely agree with this post, but I also ask that it should be un-stickied.  Pegging this to the top only helps those we disagree with in their quest to paint this forum as unfairly moderated.  Don't feed *that* propaganda machine!
@_date: 2017-03-17 03:49:51
LN require no more trust of the other party than on chain Bitcoin transactions, when you refer to when the other part fails to send funds for something of value you provide.  Except of course, LN let's you split up that modicum of risk into smaller more palatable risks.  And of course you can always demand payment before rendering services in either model.  I don't understand why you think LN makes you more at risk of the payer not finishing he transaction to pay you.   (And the reverse situation simply doesn't make sense, as you would be happy if the payee chooses not to cooperate in letting you pay them)
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:18:18
But you're actually paying for more work to be done when difficulty is higher.
Perhaps we should look at what portion of the incentive is being funded by transactions vs inflation.   E.g.: if a block has 2 BTC in fees and 12.5 BTC in rewards that means *84%* of the work is subsidized by inflation.
@_date: 2017-03-29 15:14:27
They say a problem well stated is half-solved. I think you've under-identified the problem, which has left you with a quarter solution at best. The difficulty in running a full node is just a tiny bit of the overall problem with extremely large blocks.
Your proposal effectively says: if we alleviate the need for full nodes, then we don't need to worry about block size, and therefore don't need to worry about the centralization of mining. The flaw there is that SVP nodes are even more susceptible to centralized mining attacks than Bitcoin full nodes as we know them today. So your proposal both moves economic activity to SVP nodes which only exasperates the problems of centralized mining... and then paves the way for further centralizing the mining with extremely large block limits.
Consider this quote from the white paper, from the section 8 on SVP:


transactions for as long as the attacker can continue to overpower the network.
Not to mention the other problems with large blocks unrelated to centralization, such as the very real need to incentivize mining without block rewards.  Eventually the system absolutely must have transaction fees pay for the proof of work as the (issuance) block rewards diminish, and that will only happen if there's fee pressure - so keeping block size "above market demand" is destined to fail.
@_date: 2017-03-06 23:31:23
I first heard of Bitcoin in 2010 or 2011 but didn't read the white paper.  This negligence caused me to dismiss Bitcoin out of hand because I didn't realize that supply was limited.   I naively thought that if anyone could mine Bitcoin then it would eventually have infinite supply.  I thought of it as something akin to WoW gold.   Silly me.   In mid 2013 I stumbled upon it again but this time read the white paper, realized it was a serious real-world currency engineered to be superior to any money mankind had yet used, and I bought in then.   I'm now a huge supporter of sharing the white paper.  It makes an excellent introduction to what Bitcoin is, even if the implementation and ecosphere have evolved a bit since then.  Thank you for sharing it again!
@_date: 2017-03-29 05:26:16
The laws of physics did not require the likes of Richard Feynman in order to work and remain valid, but our collective understanding of physics is undoubtably better off with his elegant explanations than without.
@_date: 2017-03-22 20:43:50
And yet that 4% inflation pays for 80% of the mining hash rate.  Current fees amount to a 1% redistribution every year.
@_date: 2017-03-16 11:41:07
Nonsense.  A 0.1 client is incompatible with the current chain. We just haven't had any *controversial* hardforks where two chains survived in parallel for very long.  In short: the hardforks of the past had good consent.  
It's true that Bitcoin is getting much harder to change, and that's a good thing for folks worried about the consensus rules they signed up for like issuance schedule and supply, but it might very well mean a non controversial hardfork is no longer possible.
@_date: 2017-03-21 23:42:08
I wonder how he is planning on selling those coins if he was also planning to invest $100M to attack the weak fork and prevent people from transacting on it.  If he really is planning to sell his Bitcoin if/when BU forks off, that only acts as an endorsement that Bitcoin will survive without BU.
PS - there is no such thing as 80% of Bitcoin hashing power being used on a BU fork, in terms of composition. The only hash power that counts as Bitcoin hash power is that which is operating on Bitcoin consensus rules. You can say that 80% of Bitcoin's hash power *left*, I suppose; but we don't today say that Bitcoin contains 95% of the hash power and that some other coin has 5% of it, do we? I can assume everyone on both sides of the debate could get behind this slightly pedantic point of view, because in this "80%" scenario BU could claim to have "4x as much" hash power of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:30:36
I can't tell which proposed step or which side of the debate you are characterizing as giving a finger/risking the hand.  I will note that the OP did not propose anything be committed to in terms of a hardfork for block size.
I do acknowledge that compromise is a silly thing if you're just averaging a correct technical solution with an incorrect one, but this proposal doesn't seem to be doing that exactly. 
The pegged side chain for EC seems like an interesting way forward that allows users to opt in to the new rule set only if they want their coins to be subjected to them.  This might cause some  fungibility problems, but it seems much more tolerable to a contentious hard fork.
@_date: 2017-03-16 08:01:42
Also please note that I have respect for folks that are pro-bigger blocks but anti-BU. Don't forget that's a valid option: Ideas can and should be separated from the organizations that back them.
@_date: 2017-03-18 19:49:30
Wouldn't what he's describing require BU users to modify some constants and recompile their client?  I'm confused because I thought the entire idea behind BU was to cater to people that lacked that skill, (much less the skill to make carefully weighted economic decisions in a cutting edge cryptographic  system with very subtly nuanced incentives to balance.)
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:51:54
That's the protocol-level max message length that already exists and remains when you remove the 1MB check limit.
@_date: 2017-03-16 07:51:18
Nice twitter summary wrt freelance job offers.
@_date: 2017-03-16 09:42:28
Where did I excuse Blockstream of *anything?*.  Your assumption that I have is exactly what a "Whataboutism" is about.  Instead of addressing anything I've researched and presented, you've made an unfounded appeal to hypocrisy.
@_date: 2017-03-16 08:49:27
You're right in the narrow regard that I confused bitcoin.com with bitcoinunlimited.info, which was clearly linked in BUIP-035.  I revised the post to correct that inaccuracy.
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:47:00
This is completely incorrect.  There is no public registry of wallets or addresses that a miner could use to make that check even if they wanted to.   In fact you can invent a Bitcoin address using only some dice and a pad of paper, and then send money to it successfully.  The network has no concept of an address existing or not.
@_date: 2017-03-07 19:34:12
You don't seem to realize that this subreddit is not made or moderated by the core developers that made Segwit.  Your rejection of Segwit based on its source is flawed.  It's like hating the NY Yankees simply because the Yankee fans at the big bar by your house are angry drunks.
@_date: 2017-03-19 16:23:10
There are actually soft-fork PoW changes that have been proposed that keep the header PoW as we know it and add something to the coinbase transaction.  I think of these as PoW plus.  I have yet to see one that would work well, but it's fundamentally possible to change PoW and have blocks that are still valid to older nodes.
@_date: 2017-03-05 19:08:00
What?  None of this is correct.  LN is in no way a reputation system and requires zero trust.  It just allows the 2+ parties to hand each other transactions along with a recourse transaction, so that individuals are only incentivized to reconcile on the block chain if the other person acts dishonestly (attempts to broadcast a deprecated transaction state from their list of transactions.)
@_date: 2017-03-29 14:42:22
Does this make BIP-152 "Coinbells *Condensed* Soup?"
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:54:00
No.  Either your transaction will be incorporated in a block or it won't.  Bitcoins cant't get lost in transit, because if the transaction never makes it to a block, then the ledger will still show they belong in their original "place."   Your wallet software likely isn't showing you this, though.  Be careful wiping out your wallets memory of transactions though because once signed, the transaction is out there and could be replayed by anyone with a copy of it; so it's best not to resend the txn with other coins before you are sure the first won't go through (e.g. By issuing a transaction that spends those same coins to yourself, for example)
@_date: 2017-03-14 01:53:00
No.  Thus far everyone that bought into Bitcoin knowing what it was did so out of agreement to the consensus rules.   That was the social contract, which some people are attempting to unilaterally change.  They're trying to coerce others into participating in a poorly implemented democracy (poorly implemented in that with BTU you vote with your wealth of hashpower, which is destined to always favor those with the most wealth), whereas Bitcoin was founded on the principle of consensus.  
E.g. The Bitcoin protocol can't be changed with any simple majority.  That resistance to democratic mob rule is what gives us confidence that important things like inflation schedules will remain the same, thus giving Bitcoin a chance at long term value.
The good news is, Bitcoin is not a democracy, and anyone that wants to continue using the consensus rules they agreed to will be able to continue doing so even if a portion of the user base forks off to create a new coin.  (Note that BTU support is thus far backed by somewhere around 4 people controlling their hashrate and paying people to shill, so it's even less to fear vs a majority of users.)  A coin is defined by its consensus rules and it's consensus rules alone.  The only really scandalous aspect of Bitcoin Unlimited is that they wish to usurp the Bitcoin name and spread fear that you might have to join them even if you don't agree with them.
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:32:36
The OP did attempt to address code quality in the proposal.  I will note this proposal for compromise isn't quite like all of those that merely aim for a modest but not necessarily any more or less correct value for max block size 
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:51:30
That is a compelling notion.  Perhaps it's time to anonymize BIPs and pull requests.  Or maybe society still requires that we trade on trust for those with more reputation for technical competence than we as individuals are capable of differentiating.  I want to fire my sociology professor because she didn't make it sound nearly as damned interesting as this!
@_date: 2017-03-23 01:55:36
This seems far more responsible than the Bitcoin Unlimited nonsense of having miners vote to change consensus rules.
I don't think the day is here yet when bigger blocks are necessary, but I can see that day may come, for example,  when it becomes difficult even with SegWit in place to get a LN recourse transaction processed on the network.  Or if fees approach the point where they're more than enough to replace the inflationary block reward.
Nice work.  Has it been reviewed by anyone else?
@_date: 2017-03-16 10:05:37
I'm sorry you cannot see the differences in the relationship between Blockstream and the Bitcoin Core software project vs that between Bitcoin Unlimited (the org) and their self-named codebase/software project.    
For example, a Blockstream employee is free to submit pull requests and BIPs to the Core project and have them reviewed by a diverse community outside any potential company-sponsored influences.
Folks paid by Bitcoin Unlimited are one and the same with those that approve funding for all BUIP's for things that have more to do with gaining followers than improving the protocol or code, conduct review in private, and only let others into their private software project if they agree with their politics.
But all the above not withstanding, why would you automatically assume a criticism of BU means I would endorse Blockstream?  (That's called an "appeal to hypocrisy") I think it would be better if both had less influence.  Satoshi showed great wisdom in remaining anonymous because it forced everyone to judge his ideas on their own merit, and not on the person (people?) behind the proposals.  In addition to staying anonymous, he certainly didn't go around paying people to endorse or advocate (shill) for his ideas.  Let's try to judge BIP's and BUIP's by the same measure.  
@_date: 2017-03-20 10:34:30
You will have both IFF you control your own wallet.  That doesn't mean you can safely spend one without spending the other so be very very careful if you want to keep one and sell the other.  The risk comes in the form of a so-called "replay attack"
@_date: 2017-03-10 04:38:38
What code implements that desired hard-fork timing in BU, precisely?
Edit: hint, the answer is "none.'  That's why Bitcoin Unlimited, given every benefit of the doubt as being well-intentioned, is condemned for being implemented recklessly.
@_date: 2017-03-11 06:13:58
... which has nothing to do with surveillance of exchanges.
@_date: 2017-03-20 08:39:40
But consensus on a set of rules *is* what defines a coin. If they were honest they wouldn't be looking to  start their currency from a premined Bitcoin ledger to bribe and coerce people to start using it.
That's why emotions are so high and the conversation so toxic: it's outright threatening to try and change the rules on people that didn't agree to the new ones.
If they somehow succeed in unilaterally changing Bitcoin rules and killing the "old" chain with their supposed $100M planned attack, what's left will be absolutely worthless as it will disprove the entire experiment of a currency based completely on consensus - especially if they manage to do so with just a few bad actors - literally ~4 people controlling so much hash power.
@_date: 2017-03-16 09:26:32
If it *were* a matter of picking between the reputations of these two people, I would go with the one that has multiple citations in academic research predating Bitcoin and who is referenced by the Bitcoin Whitepaper [pg 3], before I would endorse a ex-felon who jumps from one get-rich-quick scheme to another.   But as pointed out below, that's really not an argument worth having - and not just because you would lose it badly.
@_date: 2017-03-22 19:52:15
10 minutes!  That sounds great!  And here I'm used to waiting around at the counter for 90 days while my credit card payment clears through their merchant account to their bank account and then my ability to reverse the transaction expires.  /s
@_date: 2017-03-14 15:10:05
In principle you need to craft transactions that are valid on one fork but not another.  It's not easy without a protocol change that checks a flag on the transaction, so we're left with doing things like including coin base transactions from newly minted coins (which means waiting 100 blocks for them to be spendable, then some fancy match making that further destroys fungibility if coins even within a fork/branch.  
@_date: 2017-03-16 04:46:07
In all fairness, we couldn't distinguish whether those were all the same nodes as those before the bug disclosure or not.  Even if they were irrefutably proven to be inorganic - let's say they all came online fairly concurrently - it could just be one actor acting our of panic that his/her network was going down, and spinning up a bunch of AWS Instances or VPS servers to attempt to heal the BU network.
i.e.: This speculation means nothing whatsoever ; and I'm saying that as a vocal opponent of BU.
@_date: 2017-03-29 05:40:28
The laws of physics did not require the likes of Richard Feynman in order to work and remain valid, but our collective understanding of physics is undoubtably better off with his elegant explanations than without.
@_date: 2017-01-29 01:57:45
A twelve word seed might not be the fastest or easiest way to demonstrate Bitcoin, but it is perhaps the best way to demonstrate another core principle of Bitcoin which is just as magical: it shows that Bitcoin wallets are just information, and have no borders.
@_date: 2017-01-30 16:56:48
How about mining a single full block on testnet.  Even one!
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:54:11
I hadn't thought of that.  You raise more questions for me:  Is arbitrary but consistent assignment of cost basis acceptable under GAAP?  I thought our flexibility in assigning cost basis was restricted to generally accepted inventory management strategies like picking FIFO or LIFO.
@_date: 2017-01-29 05:14:14
The 1MB block limit has worked for 8 years.  Even with strong growth it's unlikely a couple more years would outstrip the first eight.
PS - I'm not the person you responded to.  Just chiming in.
@_date: 2017-08-28 20:21:32
Actually, cryptocurrencies are ideal for that exact application, thanks to smart contracts and N-of-M transactions.  As a consumer, I would love to be able to authorize "X BTC for the ride, Y BTC if an arbiter decides I caused a puke incident."
Today I essentially have given Uber unlimited access to charge my credit accounts, and there are countless tails of woe where an insulted driver falsely charged the puke fee. It's even worse, today, because I don't even know how big the puke fee is, because it's buried in the EULA in a way open to interpretation, and requires that I trust the driver and trust Uber's system - trust in both for their honesty, and trust that they won't get hacked, skimmed, or abused, like Target was a couple years ago.  With a Bitcoin transaction, the worse case (puke) charge would be obvious in the transaction I sign, would expire after a reasonable time, and  it would be impossible for them to pull more than I authorized.
That's just the consumer perspective.  If Uber really wants to disrupt the employment paradigm, cryptocurrency support is a must.  Their custody of money is exactly what got them ruled as employer with additional responsibilities to their drivers that they didn't voluntarily commit to.  With Bitcoin going directly peer-to-peer, they don't have to be a middle man, and won't wake up to having their contracts unilaterally changed by the government.  You may not agree this is a good thing; but regardless of your politics, realize this is a case where the government took a disruptive idea that had the potential to leapfrog progress of our civilization, and forced it into a legacy pattern.  The positive innovation was curtailed before we had the chance to see how society could benefit from a peer to peer ride sharing system, much less other crowd-sourced services the economy might have embraced thanks to Uber's trail-blazing.  This forced employment model will have unanticipated effects when driverless cars enter the picture.
If Uber is betting their bank on being disruptive, they need cryptocurrencies, full stop.
THAT is the magic of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:35:17
You've made one incorrect conclusion.  At a given difficulty, it does not matter at all if all other miners shut down, or turn on 100x more hash power overnight.  Your X hash-power will discovery Y blocks per day,regardless, based on difficulty alone.  The thing that floats within the difficulty period IS the percentage of blocks you find.  If you have enough hash power to find one every two hours, it matters not whether all the competition goes away, or if the competition ramps up: your rig still averages one block every two hours at that difficulty regardless of if thats one of 12 blocks or all of them.
@_date: 2017-01-29 08:29:46
I believe he meant your choice of the word "own" was wrong, not your advice on controlling your own keys.
@_date: 2017-08-03 20:30:16
It is quite incorrect to compare market cap of a currency to something other than m1 or maybe m2.  It blew my mind when I realized that if Bitcoin ever takes over every currency in the world, there would easily be more than 21M BTC worth of stock in the stock market.  That doesn't mean each Bitcoin would be worth 1/21,000,000th of total stock market valuation.
You can denominate world wealth in any currency without swelling that currency's worth.  To demonstrate: The stock market is worth a few trillion chickens, for example.  Even if chickens became the dominant world currency, that doesn't mean each chicken would be worth more just because we have less than a trillion in existence.
This type of diagram is conflating valuation and supply.  Much as we have far more wealth denominated in dollars than we have dollars, the same can become true of Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-01-29 00:55:18
Reread his comment. He's agreeing with your advice.  You seem to think he's advocating keeping bitcoin in other people's custody, which he clearly isn't.   
@_date: 2017-01-29 03:44:20
In retrospect, I think my deleted comment actually *was* responding to the intended comment, but I've been the victim of a major ninja edit.  /sigh
@_date: 2017-01-31 23:37:43
Lol.  Not if the user reverses the charge.
@_date: 2017-01-06 15:31:28
It's complicated enough to require an hour or so of reading.  I recommend starting with the satoshi white paper or search YouTube for how bitcoin works.  It's brilliantly elegant.
@_date: 2017-01-29 05:05:05
Well said
@_date: 2017-08-03 05:30:55
It doesn't work that way, no.  Competing miners aren't searching for the same block, just any block that fits atop the current height.  At no point are two mining pools even attempting to solve the same block, and the nonce that works for one won't work for the other.  Within a difficulty window, it does not matter how much competition you have, your hash rate of X will generate Y blocks.
@_date: 2017-08-05 18:25:22
Wouldnt the split merely impact the cost basis?  I don't see the split being a taxable event.  I didnt transact to obtain BCH.  The value of the thing I purchased long ago now has its worth spread across two different tickers.  This seems more like a company splitting into two companies and issuing shares for the new company.  That isn't a taxable event, but it does impact how cost basis is calculated later.
@_date: 2017-01-30 16:53:30
I'm confused: How do we know how much hash power BU nodes have if they haven't been able to publish a valid block?  Could it be that similar block announcements by a significant portion of BU hash power have gone unnoticed?  Might this mean that more than 24% of hash power is on BU, but the 24% only represents those capable of publishing correct 1mb blocks (e.g. Those on older BU release candidates?)
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:49:14
You describe the use of NO_OP transactions for Segwit as a "nasty hack.". Why do you think Satoshi put those NO_OP transaction types into the original design for Bitcoin? The answer is that they were explicitly put in as a backwards compatible upgrade mechanism for new transaction types in the future.  That was their explicitly stated original purpose.  If you think it means folks can spend your outputs without authorization, then can you explain why that did not happen when Pay to Script Hash was implemented via the exact same mechanism?  Do you realize that even if you are right and I was wrong, that you are at zero risk because you can just choose not to use Segwit transactions?  Nobody is forcing you to use them if you think they are unproven or risky.  Your fear is the result of being fed FUD.
@_date: 2017-01-29 00:49:02
That's not quite what durability is referring to in this case.   Chicken eggs make a lousy currency in part because of their lack of durability.  You can't store your wealth in chicken eggs and then spend a thousand of them on a hog at the end of the season.   Chicken eggs actually would likely have been used as currency sometime in our history if t weren't for this lack of durability.  It's durability as it pertains to retaining its properties over time - not likelihood of being misplaced.
PS - I happen to believe that information (e.g. The number that makes up a private key) is extremely robust.  We can pass down information merely by memorizing it, or transferring it to a great diversity of medium.   We can't etch our dollar bills onto a corrosive-proof piece of metal and bury them for a thousand years like we could bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-08-05 04:59:11
Clearly it is merely the price he got anchored to.  :)
@_date: 2016-12-20 23:47:48
It's because they're a financial institution, and we the people managed to pass the Patriot Act, which requires financial institutions and money transmitters to "Know Your Customer" (KYC).   Ostensibly it's to prevent evil-funders from funding evil-doers under the radar.  Be sure to thank your congressman or congresswoman.  Coinbase has no choice but to comply with the law.
@_date: 2017-01-29 03:39:52
Sorry, I accidentally posted my comment in reply to the wrong part of the thread.   I'm deleting this quote of mine, above.  It didn't make any sense for it to be a response to your comment.


@_date: 2016-12-22 18:57:52
Oh I see.  Well the price would go nowhere and volume would drop to zero if everyone that owns bitcoin only put in a buy order and there were no sell orders :) 
There has to be a sell for each buy.  Even if you mean "what if half of us tried to buy bitcoin right now," (and the other half sell), the trading volume might spike but that doesn't determine whether the price would go up or down.  You can have high volume and have the price go in either direction...
@_date: 2017-08-03 14:08:26
Yes there is more time between blocks, but that doesn't mean that a given hashpower finds blocks any slower. It's not as though they find a given percentage of blocks based on competition.  If you can find 1 block every 6 hours on BTC, you can expect one every 6 hours on BCH when the two chains are at the same difficulty, even if you are the only one mining on BCH.  It is NOT as though others finding a block causes your past work to be wasted.
@_date: 2017-08-03 18:35:08
Please don't advocate for tax fraud. Bitcoin may be intangible, but prison and fines are very tangible, regardless of your politics.
@_date: 2018-06-30 05:40:00
Your shifting of the goal posts reveals your bias.  Did you fail to read my original comment?  I specifically said “if its value stabilizes.”
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:45:15
Bitcoin should be compared to the currency underlying your credit card. Try mailing cash around the world and you’ll see Bitcoin is not only much faster, but also benefits from not needing to trust any intermediaries.
Bitcoin is digital cash. Don’t confuse it with a payment network.
Credit cards (and other payment networks) have tons of amazing benefits over the slow, clunky, hard-to-use currency underlying them. Amazingly so. Just imagine how much better financial instruments like them could be once they’re based on the far superior cash that is Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-06-29 15:45:56
Bitcoin is cash. If someone steals your $1000 USD (cash) there is no place you can file a complaint and be reimbursed.  Credit cards are financial instruments built on top of cash. For a couple percent premium on each transaction, you get perks like recourse.  There’s no reason to believe similar financial instruments won’t also be available atop bitcoin if its value stabilizes. 
@_date: 2016-12-20 23:35:31
Write your congressman/congresswoman.  Know Your Customer law is at fault here; The company has little choice but to follow it.
@_date: 2016-12-22 17:57:48
Of course it's already priced into the market .  That's precisely *why* you have to remove them from the effective supply to calculate market cap.
@_date: 2016-12-22 18:07:33
I'm not following your math here.  There are not enough coins in existence for everyone on earth to buy 14.  Right now each person on earth could own about $2 USD worth of coin.
@_date: 2018-06-29 23:39:45
Bitcoin does not guarantee privacy.  That’s not really the point of decentralization.
@_date: 2016-12-21 15:35:23
You realize Buffett has literally had a job his entire life, right?  Could have retired half a lifetime ago but hasn't, since he loves the work so much.
@_date: 2017-11-09 23:14:58
That’s smart: they must be using Bitcoin’s mass appeal to promote their little comedy TV show!   One more thing Bitcoin is good for!
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:16:15
Notice that when Ver felt threatened, he responded by saying he was a multi-millionaire. That reveals a lot about his insecurities.  He uses his wealthy status to reassure himself that he his in the right, rather than expecting his own ideas to withstand critical inspection (internal or otherwise.)  Also, he seems upset that others don’t respect him simply because he has wealth.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:20:50
Not really.  The thing that is nuts is that you have 6 alert thresholds within a 5.4% range.  It wasn’t that long ago that the bid/ask spread was about 5% by itself.  Would you also setup alerts for a stock at $92, $93, $94, etc?
@_date: 2015-07-15 04:22:34
There's less trust of miners than you make out.  Full nodes trust nothing from the miner of a block.  Every aspect of the work is independently validated by each participating full node and rejected if it breaks any rules.  No trust is involved when it comes to the validity of mined blocks.
We do trust the majority of miners (more accurately, those that control the majority of hash power) to not engage in a denial of service attack.  E.g.;  not to mine empty blocks (or blocks without other's transactions) and halt all other transactions on the longest block chain.  
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:53:46
I think you missed my point. 5% at $19 and 5% at $9200 is the exact same gain.   And setting alarms every 1% would be like an alarm at ~$19.20 and $19.40 and $19.60
@_date: 2017-04-01 03:52:06
They've only published one of their BUIP's on their website - the same website they use to recruit support.   If you look through their github repository you'll find dozens more.
@_date: 2017-04-07 04:15:40
Man I hate the phrase "User Activated Soft Fork."  Node count is meaningless.   This should be called a "Consensus Activated Soft Fork (CASF)"
@_date: 2017-04-29 22:06:28
This new area is segregated from the area that's subject to the 1mb cap but it is still absolutely part of the block, therefore it is a block size increase.
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:04:00
Then by your definition, what is a non-business transaction?
@_date: 2017-04-01 03:49:30
When others volunteer their time for things you value, you should say thank you.  When they spend time on things you don't value, you should maintain a polite silence.  Don't fall into the trap of treating their time as though it's owed to you or your cause.
@_date: 2017-04-18 18:05:37
As far as I know it has not yet been introduced to the network at all.   I don't see how you can claim it's been rejected by the network. 
@_date: 2017-04-13 21:07:11
What would keep the price from rising higher in that situation?
@_date: 2017-04-04 06:42:11
Why care about who invented Bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-02-11 09:21:59
You described nearly as many staff and considerably more flights and phone calls than Warren Buffett uses to manage a $300B conglomerate.  It sounds foolish for these "ultra wealthy" to be so inefficient when managing a substantially smaller personal fortune, even in the three comma club.
@_date: 2017-04-07 03:42:22
EVERY *soft-fork*? No. There's no constraint on who can submit them, you know. Each *must* be judged on its own merits.
@_date: 2017-04-14 08:01:41
I thought you were talking about a scenario where there want additional power available to mine.   
@_date: 2017-04-12 21:36:43
Just goes to show that Blockchain space is indeed subject to insatiable demand.  This is exactly the type of thing that needs to go in a second layer.
@_date: 2017-04-18 22:37:37
No I meant the entire network.  Are you using the word network to mean community?
@_date: 2017-04-13 22:50:12
I don't see how lack of mining ability would put a cap on market price.  If anything, it would drive more people to just buy Bitcoin rather than mine it.  I'm already in this boat.  It's so much easier to buy $10,000 worth of Bitcoin than invest in mining hardware even if the mining hardware gave a superior lifetime return.
@_date: 2017-04-13 22:12:44
What do *you* think the purpose of "anyone can spend" op codes were when they were put into Bitcoin by Satoshi?   
Hint: their sole purpose is for backwards compatible upgrades like SegWit and like P2SH before it.
@_date: 2016-09-24 17:03:17
Yes miners are 3rd parties but we are not required to trust the miners, except in the narrow sense of trusting them not to DOS the chain.
@_date: 2018-03-06 17:11:40
I don’t follow your logic that private transaction types would necessarily require a hard fork.  We’ve soft forked two major overhauls of transaction content already. (p2sh and segwit).   Why do you say that a more anonymous or private transaction would necessitate a hard fork?
@_date: 2017-09-16 06:24:22
I'll try once more.  I read your comment to say something like "There is $250T worth of wealth in the world today.  If you divide that by the 21M (15M after subtractions) of Bitcoin, the value of every Bitcoin will be in the millions!"
[Did I interpret your intent correctly?]. If so, here is the flaw in that reasoning:  Lets substitute the currency choice with another currency, and just restate the reasoning:
"There is $250T USD worth of wealth in the world today.  That means if you divide that by the 11T in Euro money supply (M2), that means each Euro would be worth $22.72 USD!"
21M (or your number, 15M - I won't dispute it) represents the number of on-chain spendable Bitcoins.  There exists far less than $250T of US Dollars.  Heck there is far less than $250T worth of all the world's currencies combined.  Similarly, even if all other currencies collapse and Bitcoin is the only currency in use world-wide, there will still be more than 21M BTC worth of value in the world.  The sum value of the S&amp;P 500 market caps would likely dwarf the value of all 21M BTC in existence.
If this still isn't clear, I recommend reading up on the definition of money supply in terms of m0 (physical notes), m1 (readily spendable balances), m2 (near money) and m3 (broad money.).  Nothing about Bitcoin places limits on the future supply of m1, m2, or m3 for Bitcoin.  The 21M Bitcoin supply cap is the BTC m0 - the physical quantity in existence.  And even if we never see wider spread partial reserve banking on top of Bitcoin, my point still stands.
@_date: 2017-09-16 06:44:12
[deleted]. nevermind
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:14:36
Apple is worth close to a seventh of all money in circulation.  They may sometime be worth more than all USD in circulation.  This is not in fact a problem.   It does not mean they own anywhere close to that amount of currency.
@_date: 2017-09-16 05:57:07
Use m1 or m2 if you prefer it over m0.  My point still stands.  There is more than $1USD worth of broad money for every $1USD of spendable money, and the same will be true of Bitcoin.  21M is a cap on narrow money with BTC.   You cant divide broad money (much less global wealth) by narrow money to determine the value of one unit.
@_date: 2017-09-16 05:46:36
The following is a common mistake: There may be $250T USD worth of value in the world, but there is somewhat less than $4T in USD cash in existence (M0) .  Does that mean each USD of cash is worth $62.50 USD?  Of course not!  You can't divide the amount of value in the world by the units of currency to predict what the currency is worth.  At those scales, the currency is a unit of account.  If Bitcoin ever became the defacto unit of account for the world, there would be far more than 21M BTC worth of assets denominated in BTC.
@_date: 2017-09-16 06:41:48
Ah I don't disagree with that math.   I think I see where our miscommunication started.   I will edit my first comment to replace "This is a common mistake" with the phrase "The following is a common mistake:
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:04:36
He established an upper bound at 2/3rds.  His methodology is sound.
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:12:56
Add up all the equity in the world and it is many many times larger than all the money in the world.  To put it another way: The USD is used as a unit of account to measure thousands of times more wealth than that represented by all the money in existence.
Similarly, there may come a day when we use Bitcoin as a unit of account, and even then there will certainly be more than 21M BTC worth of stock in terms of market cap.  It’s apples and oranges: market caps and money supplies.
@_date: 2017-09-16 06:33:31
I agree they are not comparable units.  That was precisely the point I was making!  You cannot divide the world's wealth (regardless of unit of account) by the currency supply (regardless of how widespread its adoption) to glean anything about how much the currency will be worth.
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:42:24
There’s a lot of misinformation being tossed around this thread.
Bitcoin is exactly like cash when it comes to debt.  You can’t spend what you can’t have unless 1) the seller is willing to accept some form of credit or IOU or 2) you are able to get someone else to lend you the BTC to make payment to the seller.
If Bitcoin ever reaches mass adoption as a daily-use currency, and if price stabilizes enough that it is widely used as a unit of account, then you can bet that business will spring up to provide marginal lending.  The primary difference between that and the banking system we have today is that marginal lending won’t be redeemable outside of the lender’s ledgers.   That is, if a bank lends you Bitcoin on margin, the token they lend you will only be a certificate of claim to Bitcoin and almost certainly won’t be redeemable on the blockchain (at least not as a normal Bitcoin transaction as we know them today.).  But you might receive a World Bank Trust Bitcoin Certificate (TM) that you can trade to others, almost certainly at some discount to real (aka “hard”) Bitcoin value.   This all happened in the past with gold/silver certificates.  If Bitcoin becomes a predominant world currency, it’s inevitable it will happen to Bitcoin, too.  I’m not a proponent of this (it makes me a bit sad), but I see no reason why it won’t eventually happen.
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:27:22
If Satoshi makes *any* public remark or announcement at this phase of the game, it will only serve to undermine the decentralization of Bitcoin.  Too many people will consider him an authority on the vision of Bitcoin, and his comments will be endlessly inspected and twisted to fit the competing visions for protocol change.
Satoshi was wise to bow out when he did.  Decentralized money as a thesis cannot succeed if it’s creator has a long presence.  Either he is knew he was meeting an imminent death, and passed on the torch; and/or he was smart enough to realize he had to step down in order for Bitcoin to transcend the need for his input.  I don’t see a third likelihood.  Regardless, I don’t think we will see communication nor coin movement from him again.  Either would be too great a risk to his (their?) creation.
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:35:28
Paper wallets are unquestionably more secure than hardware wallets.   You have to trust the manufacturer of a hardware wallet (and all their employees, and everyone that had custody of the device on it’s way to you, including US customs) not to steal your keys.  With a properly created paper wallet you eliminate that requirement for trust.  Just remember to have diverse backups in both different media and geographical locations for your paper wallet.  A little Bitcoin has a strange tendency to turn into a bunch of Bitcoin when you are not looking.
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:19:12
Asking for copies of people’s wallets (and thus private keys) sounds like a fantastic way to get sued for stolen Bitcoin.  The difference between custody and possession is one of liability, and this sure sounds like they’re requesting custody to me!  I would never act as a custodian of other’s Bitcoin.  Way too risky.
@_date: 2017-10-19 04:01:25
You might not know: each Bitcoin is divisible into 100 million pieces called Satoshis, just as each million US dollars are divisible into 100,000,000 pennies.
@_date: 2017-10-21 04:30:02
At a protocol level, there is no such thing as a “whole coin.”  Everything is denoted in Satoshis (1/100M of a BTC).   It’s entirely up to the user interface (and users) to decide what units to split Bitcoin into.
@_date: 2015-11-05 00:59:55
For those that might not understand what a hard fork is :    Another way to say this is that the Bitcoin network would lose consensus.   An abrupt patch would cause the first big block to be considered valid only by patched nodes.   Now who owns which Bitcoins when some are working off a different chain of historical transactions?
Of course, it's not quite so simple either.  If the patched clients play by all the other same consensus rules then maybe they would just disregard the big block and reorganize their copy of the block chain on the longest chain the moment that the resulting block race is won by the majority of the mining power.... At which point you've accomplished nothing.   
Or maybe this new patch will stick to stubbornly only considering big blocks valid, in which case their coins would rapidly become un-spendable on the un-patched Bitcoin network.  
Consensus rules are hard to change quickly.
@_date: 2017-07-07 00:15:59




The reason we are anti-large block is absolutely known and widely repeated: risking a rushed, contentious hard-fork can be disastrous to consensus, and larger blocks inevitably lead to further centralization.  These reasons have been stated far and wide, yet you claim ignorance of them; or are you one of those people that believe in conspiracy theories?  Everyone wants a broader consensus. I don't disagree there: but we shouldn't pretend we have consensus when we don't.
The status quo of Bitcoin is the very thing that brings it value. Bitcoin is literally a currency that only exists because it is based on rules that are enforced via consensus alone.  THAT is the experiment.  If we have a contentious hard-fork or significant centralization, then those properties are lost and the experiment will have failed. Small blockers aren't giving in to the temptations of increased growth, price, or adoption at any cost. We don't want Paypal 2.0, even if it would mean wildly "successful" adoption and prices. We want a decentralized, un-censorable, consensus-driven currency. Anything less has been done before.
High transaction fees and slow confirmations, as much as they suck, simply are not an emergency that warrants tossing aside those first principles - ESPECIALLY when the currency is based on those principles *alone*.
@_date: 2017-05-20 02:12:19
I assure you, it's whole-assed.
@_date: 2016-05-05 00:56:57
Brute forcing a pass phrase for typical USB thumb drive encryption is much more feasible than cracking any ECDSA key pairs used in Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-07-07 00:00:00
Segwit was developed and tested by the Bitcoin project, so I don't understand where you claim they're anti-segwit. The development community of Bitcoin has rejected agreements made in invite-only private sessions because they lack broad consensus, as evidenced by the very nature of their formation; and members of the project have articulated exactly why the changes are dangerous and controversial. It's really that simple. 
I challenge you to name one change that Wladimir J. van der Laan has merged to the Bitcoin project without broad consensus.
@_date: 2017-07-07 00:43:33
I thought someone might bring that up.
Notice that the Bitcoin project setup Segwit to activate via BIP9 signalling.  That was a wise foresight, as it made the change safe to later contention, even though little or no contention was evident when BIP-141 was merged; perhaps because those that saw it would be activated by BIP-9 recognized it as only activating if it was found to be non-contentious.
It's not as though they attempted to force Segwit activation in BIP-141, which we have since learned is surprisingly contentious. We have the luxury of knowing it is contentious only due to the Bitcoin project members bending over backwards to prevent it from activating without consensus.
BIP-141 would look much, much, different if it weren't specifically structured to activate with the least possible contention.  It goes to extreme lengths to be both backwards compatible to un-patched/uninformed nodes, and not to activate if actively updated nodes are not in consensus.   Segwit is literally the very-most consensus-oriented change ever implemented in the Bitcoin project.
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:11:35
There should be a name for the logical fallacy that appeals to the concept of the other debater existing in an echo-chamber to dismiss ideas that don't support your confirmation bias.  Perhaps "False-Echo-Dismissal?"   Then again, maybe the ad-hominem fallacy covers this reaction of yours.
I've been here since before and BU.  Before BIP-100. I don't exist in an echo-chamber.  Those all pre-dated Segwit and weren't viewed as at-odds with Segwit until later.
@_date: 2017-07-07 01:53:48
I'm arguing that it wasn't contentious when it was merged, and that there's a valid argument that *as-implemented*, it's method of activation makes what was merged non-controversial. This is different than recent proposals for activation of Segwit, which are controversial, and thus haven't been merged.
But you have a point.  The idea of Segwit turned out to be far more controversial than the BIP-141 merge.




Again with "core devs."  My point is clearly lost on you.  In deference to your perspective, I'll admit that I don't know whether that's your fault or mine.


I'll admit that it's not perfect.  However, I don't think closed-door invitation-only "agreements" are a step forward for distributed consensus based software projects.
@_date: 2017-05-19 03:53:59
There was plenty of action just not enough adoption.
@_date: 2017-07-07 00:36:36


You have lost all credibility with these two statements.  The first sentence is factually incorrect to a laughable degree.  Your second sentence shows a total lack of understanding: no developer nor group of developers can fulfill a promise to hard fork Bitcoin, and thus the smart ones have not made that promise.
Bitcoin is at an interesting inflection of adoption right now. It reminds me of an online community that has grown too quickly and risks losing its core culture. We now have a bunch of individuals that are attempting to influence an open, distributed development project with very little understanding of how to do so. They do alien things like holding invitation-only decision making meetings behind closed doors.  Then those individuals wind up thrashing when the originating culture rejects their behavior.  
This goes beyond just bridging the gap between open source and closed source development: these folks are upset to find they have no authority in a distributed project. We've managed to birth Bitcoin Politicians that expect their identity, social status, and checkbooks to carry authority and influence rather than have their ideas stand on their own merits, and defend their thesis under inspection and review.
This misunderstanding is reflected whenever someone refers to "Bitcoin Core" as a group of people.  "Core" is a rename of the Bitcoin QT software component. The project has always been called "Bitcoin," and has always had an open door to further individuals joining the Bitcoin Improvement Process.  It's shocking how poorly the newer group of folks have taken to this open invitation.
@_date: 2017-06-13 16:37:33
There *are* use-cases for centralized cryptocurrencies - just not many that I care that much about.
@_date: 2017-07-06 23:46:52
Core simply does not merge any changes that lack broad consensus.  That's it.  It may feel like fundamental conservatism, but it's actually a reflection of the founding principles of Bitcoin: that it should place  consensus above all other values.  If we lose that core value, then Bitcoin will lose the very thing that makes it novel.  We already have democratically controlled currencies.  Bitcoin is an experiment on a currency based on consensus alone, and the development practices for the Bitcoin software project reflect that.
@_date: 2017-06-10 16:56:25
Technically the acts also have to advance a political agenda to be considered terrorism... which also applies here.
@_date: 2017-06-09 23:54:06
Probably because brand value and market cap are very different values, and OP should not be comparing Bitcoin market cap to Apple's "good will."
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:05:49
I agree that running a full node (or better, mining), is a powerful way to have your voice heard.  But don't discount the power of a well articulated perspective.  Saying anything close to "shut up and run a node" is not unlike telling Thomas Jefferson to "shut up and pay your taxes and demand representation."
@_date: 2017-06-21 23:55:39
The idea that there wouldn't be enough money to go around simply isn't true when the money is divisible.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:56:01
Thanks for chiming in, &gt;&gt; include nonsensical transactions that Segwit miners would consider invalid


Sorry I was not being clear.  I used this phrase as a euphemism for a non-Segwit user's attempt to claim a Segwit utxo as anyone-can-spend.   I used the term "nonsensical transactions that Segwit miners would consider invalid" to refer to the then-outmoded use of those two txn versions as anyone-can-spend.
@_date: 2017-06-13 20:47:20


I think I need more information to understand how chain-of-ownership would be disrupted in a way that matters to Segwit holders.  As I understand it, there are two scenarios where someone tries to spend a Segwit output:
1. The output is claimed by the proper witness script, and a SegWit-enabled node properly (eventually) validates the transaction (interpreted and validated as Segwit, not NO_OP), and life is fine and dandy for all.  All segwit-enabled nodes would concur on custody.  There might be a wild free-for-all among non-Segwit nodes to claim them as anyone-can-spend.
  
2. Someone attempts to claim the amount as any-one-can-spend, which Segwit-enabled nodes would not accept as a transactions (reject upon entry into their mempools, thus not incude them in blocks they produce), and would accept but ignore if announced in a block by a non-Segwit miner - freeing them to accept a later claim as valid.  If Pre-Segwit nodes consider this an anyone can claim the utxo, wouldn't they accept the block that Segwit miners validate it in?
In the latter case, the Segwit portion of the network would consider that coin (and yes, perhaps a long chain of child transactions) as having never been claimed.   Only pre-segwit nodes would have this wild collection of anyone-can-spend coins that would appear in their utxo.
So yes this would taint some coins - but only for un-upgraded nodes, right?  Why would it matter if non-Segwit nodes have their own funny idea of who owned the output of a Segwit transaction (or their descendant txo)?   Would a rational economic actor accept a coin thus tainted?
Isn't it fairly safe to assume that anyone trying to claim a Segwit coin without interpreting it as Segwit is making a false claim on the coin?  Yes, it would mean I would have to validate the history of any coin coming to me to ensure it wasn't polluted by an invalid segwit transaction earlier in it's history...  but how is that different than any other validity rule that was violated earlier in the history? 
I do see that non-Segwit nodes would be able to have their own crazy set of records of who owned those coins, but what would be the incentive to consider those valid balances?  
I do see this resulting in two different accounts of the chain-of-custody of some coins, but within an un-forked blockchain.  It seems fairly trivial as a Segwit adopter to know which portion of history I want to ignore, as transactions interpreted as anyone-can-spend seem to be dubious claims which we retain in the blockchain as waste.
Am I missing anything further?  Are there existing use cases for anyone-can-spend that this would interfere with?   Why would anyone accept a coin tainted with an anyone-can-spend in it's ancestry?  Isn't that a pretty good indication that their ownership is contended by some portion of the network?
I should clarify one major concession:  I see how it would be dangerous to transact on non-upgraded nodes.   I'm trying to find a way in which it would still be possible to mine using them - that way miners wouldn't be incentivized to block Segwit for fear of losing their ability to participate if they've optimized their hardware in ways incompatible with the production of Segwit validated blocks.
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:01:13
If all $80T of today's value in global broad money supply were converted to Bitcoin, a Satoshi would still be worth less than a loaf of bread:  each satoshi would be worth 3.8 cents of today's value.  Thats because 21M bitcoin supply times 100M satoshi's per bitcoin = 2,100 Trillion Satoshis.
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:12:24
So in context of using this as a BIP-148 alternative, it still benefits tremendously from Segwit adopters having consensus on the flag-day.  This tells me that soft-starting this soft-fork could lead to even more broken consensus.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:14:01
Your reading comprehension is Trumpian:  I was expressly disagreeing.  His voice is not wasted.  You are inappropriately discounting the value of a voice.
@_date: 2017-06-29 03:20:40
You made an incorrect deduction here.  A 20% change in market cap does not mean that much money left cryptocurrencies.  Volume and price are independent:  The price can move with just a single small trade.
@_date: 2017-06-13 16:32:47
Actually, hyper-inflation leads to less need for precision / divisibility.  
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:09:04
Yes I calculated gross supply on each side of the ratio:  $80T/21M BTC.   
@_date: 2017-06-22 00:19:47
I'll concede you'll be in a deflationary economy, with all it's challenges; but "enough money to go around" isn't one of those challenges.  You divide the money as much as you need to.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:32:54
.... if "you know," then why did you ask?
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:12:36
Where to begin.: You seem to be suffering from some measure of social lag.  The lack of propriety is precisely what gives Bitcoin value.  If banks developed their own cryptocurrency that was not decentralized (as Bitcoin is), then a more proper analogy would be that of Hash Cash.  This leads to the question: why does Bitcoin have more value than Hash Cash?  (Please spend some time on Google if you are unaware of previous attempts at Cryptocurrency that required a trust in a central authority for whatever limited purpose.)
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:29:48
Nope.  Assuming USA: If you are selling all of your Bitcoins, you basically have no choice other than short term vs long term cap gains if you are on the cusp of the 1 year mark.  Of you are not selling all, then you need to establish a consistent way of accounting for your cost basis, which might give you a little flexibility: e.g. FIFO vs LIFO.   Consult a tax attorney.  IANAL
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:25:40
My favorite counter is that you can also just make another country and another fiat...
@_date: 2017-07-06 23:49:58
It's broad consensus among anyone that chooses to review and provide feedback to the proposed change. I have yet to see a competing Bitcoin implementation that's that open to any voice.
@_date: 2017-06-15 06:29:56
that could get really confusing if they swap places in relative value a few times...
@_date: 2017-06-05 05:35:52
I like "imagine the perfect currency: one engineered with all the attributes that make for a good money."  Then outline the six characteristics of good money, and give examples of where previous moneys have failed at achieving them.  That makes Bitcoin seem like the inevitable next step.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:17:07
And to further support your point: the network is experiencing a flood of transactions that are deliberately crafted to avoid confirmation, with high dust content and large but inadequate fees.  This further makes this average metric useless.
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:06:03
Oh - even better, then.  So we won't have to do gymnastics to cater to innocent old nodes.  What am I missing in this proposal then?
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:33:42
This comment makes me sad that AWildSketchAppears has retired :)
@_date: 2017-06-13 16:55:12
That would be hyper-deflation of Bitcoin, not inflation.
edit: and while hyper inflation of fiat may drive the demand up for Bitcoin itself, it wouldn't make more value in the world than exists in all fiat currencies.   So there would be less and less value in fiat to exchange for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:03:42
This was indeed confuddling until the asicboost revelation.
@_date: 2013-11-06 00:19:15
...and my purchased BTC were just credited to my coinbase account, as promised.
@_date: 2017-06-05 05:28:26
Visa transactions would be worthless without the mountain of energy employed to secure the underlying asset: (mostly) the US Dollar.  Don't compare a currency with a credit payment processor.   
@_date: 2017-06-14 19:16:20
There's nothing inside Bitcoin that needs to change to effect such a "split."  Things are already denoted in satoshi's everywhere in the protocol.  You should be directing this suggestion to Coinbase.  They alone control how they market the currency.
@_date: 2013-12-07 02:47:37
This is a false dichotomy.   Whenever someone is using fiat to buy bitcoin, there's someone else on the other end of that same transaction selling the bitcoin to gain fiat.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:42:44
I disagree that it's flawed.  I can't think of any other service that allows me to buy coins at a current price using funds I haven't yet cleared to them.  That's a real value proposition.
@_date: 2017-06-13 16:49:19
The reason pennies are unnecessary today is due to inflation.   With hyper inflation there have been cases of measuring paper money by weight to see if the wheel barrow of currency would be enough for a loaf of bread.  Governments do things like issue notes denominated in millions of Deutsche Marks.  It's not as though they had to subdivide them into more precise units, nor did a stable currency need extra precision for someone to trade a wheelbarrow of Marks for a dollar.
@_date: 2017-06-13 17:24:04
Wealth distribution doesn't change money supply or divisibility differently between fiat or crypto though.  You don't divide *all* the wealth by the 20% of supply that those people compete for.   If 80% of the people own just 20% of the wealth, then it's still 20% of the worlds wealth... same value per Satoshi.   So in this example $16B/4.2M btc, which is still 3.8 cents of value per Satoshi.
@_date: 2015-02-23 07:16:39
But Bitcoin itself does not require a "secure" connection.  
@_date: 2017-06-20 18:31:55
I'm doing this too.  Bitcoin value comes from the stability of consensus rules. I will follow whatever fork my unchanged core node follows, because that is what the silent majority of non-reddit Bitcoin users will also do.
@_date: 2017-06-13 21:09:42
Thank you!  I honestly thought I was missing something.  I'm still fascinated by the possibility that this may be preferable to an outright hard fork of the blockchain, though I agree it has some pretty severe downsides.   I'm not sure if any of those downsides are worse than BIP148, which may very well create a hard fork just to activate a soft fork.
@_date: 2013-11-19 04:05:28
The real equivalency to gold would be when the bitcoin market cap hit the gold market cap; not by some arbitrary unit conversion of btc to troy ounces.
Out of curiosity, I looked that up.   According to wikipedia, all the gold ever mined comes to $8.2 Trillion valued at $1500 per troy ounce.    To reach $8.2 Trillion / 12 million BTC = $683,333 USD / BTC.
(source: 
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:21:29
Your numerator (number of bitcoin addresses) is meaningless, and your denominator is made-up.   I'm not sure why you think that results in an estimation of the number of bitcoin users.
@_date: 2017-06-05 05:31:37
To add to this: I remember really sweating the difference between $90 Bitcoins and $110 Bitcoins.  I probably bought less as a result.  Oops!  Then again, this experiment may indeed fail completely and go way down.  There are no guarantees.
@_date: 2013-11-05 21:32:18
On Oct 30th, I put in a purchase of 5 BTC via my checking account on a mature, validated coinbase account.   When I initiated that transaction, i was instructed to expect the BTC today, Tue the 5th.   It's not overdue just yet; I'll be sure to post back here when it comes through to help folks understand how purchasing is working at the moment.
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:04:26
I would definitely NOT put the private key in the will itself.   Lots of people will have access to copies of the will.   Express your intentions in the will and then structure the assets into offline wallets that can be physically distributed according to your wishes.
@_date: 2013-12-06 18:10:17
This seems to assume that each individual owns only one address, which is a falsehood.   See the following page to learn how addresses can be used for change, for example:  
This is essentially like saying that the average American is quite poor because so many sock drawers only have a quarter in them.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:18:22
No.  There is now way to carry a USD balance in a coinbase account, therefore every purchase or sell through them initiates an electronic funds transfer.   During normal operations, they will lock in the price for BTC at the time you buy them, even if the BTC are not delivered to you until the EFT completes (many days later).   This is not their ONLY mode of operation, however.   During periods of high demand, they run short on coins (or cash to buy coins in an exchange), and therefore cannot perform the arbitrage necessary to ensure they don't lose money.   (Those are my assumptions for their reasoning.)   During those times, they do not lock in the price on your purchase.
@_date: 2013-11-19 04:08:05
I've been an impulsive okay clicker before; but I take care not to be one with financial transactions.   Best of luck with market conditions.   I hope they go on sale for you between now and Friday.
@_date: 2017-06-10 00:21:28
Here's the most I can do to help.  Firstly, please understand that addresses belong inside wallets and not the other way around.  I know this is a confusing switcheroo if you're used to thinking in terms of street addresses, but in Bitcoin there is no such thing as an address to which a wallet belongs, and addresses are not registered anyplace you can look them up, as like postal addresses.  So your goal should be to find your wallet, which contains addresses.  The best advice I have is to search your computer (and old computer hard drives, if you made the wallet on an old computer.).  Look for files named wallet.dat.  That's your best hope.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:26:14
@_date: 2013-11-21 17:11:25
What's interesting is that this is the behavior we see even though the choice of fiat vs BTC for a purchase, in terms of valuation, is actually a false delima.
For a purchase one would make anyway, that person winds up in the same spot if he either A) buys with fiat, or B) buys with BTC and immediately replaces the BTC by buying more coin with fiat at the market rate.
This, of course, assumes the price isn't moving so rapidly that replacing at the BTC at the same price becomes unfeasible.
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:12:28
This isn't as much suspicious as it is natural.  A crash can be caused simply by the lack of cash available in the market.   e.g.: coinbase ran dry of USD in their exchange account, therefore cannot pump the price higher by brokering purchases, therefore the price goes down.
I don't know if this was caused by coinbase *alone*, but it would be interesting to know how tightly correlated the events were.   I wonder what volume of purchasing is done by coinbase on a daily basis.   It might (MIGHT) very well be that this entire flash crash was caused by the inability of coinbase to purchase on the exchanges.
@_date: 2013-12-13 00:09:14


The difference between altcoinx:Bitcoin and  Bitcoin:Fiat is that Bitcoin provides significantly more utility through innovation than is provided by fiat currencies.   The same cannot be said when comparing almost all altcoins to Bitcoin; most of them have very little, if any increased utility over bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-21 20:50:16
Well you are correct that you're locking in a given profit; however arbitrage will require that you are comfortable holding a given amount of BTC.   
The "danger" here is that the time it takes for a round-trip of your funds might result in a better overall situation if you just hold BTC.   When BTC is falling in price, you can expect the price disparity to reverse.   It all comes down to the time-value of BTC. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 18:34:20
It's not as though every bitcoin was bought at the current market price.
@_date: 2013-11-20 19:16:02
Great video.   Thank you!   I was slowly becoming concerned with the de-democratization of bitcoin as mining became less affordable.   This video hits that issue on the nose with one proposed solution.
@_date: 2013-12-17 20:28:50
Obligatory Hazlitt reference (PDF of Economics in One Lesson):
@_date: 2013-11-19 02:23:09
As long as you didn't have to check the box acknowledging that you would get them at a future market price, my understanding (as a 3rd party) is that you have locked in the price at which you purchased them even if they go up (or down) in the mean time.
My assumption is that this is accomplished by coinbase actually performing a real-time trade on an exchange when you checked out (using their money), but they're not going to release the coin to you until they actually have your fiat. 