@_author: stringepsilon
@_date: 2014-12-18 17:05:43
It is inherently bad. 
Browsers are not trustworthy. That's why you have TANs in online banking. So, you write a dedicated piece of software, preferably open source and extensively reviewed and audited. You have to have some authentication method against the voting-server there. So, you mail (physically!) every citizen a log-in ID in one mail and the password in another. And you implement your vote-server so that each login is invalidated once the vote was submitted. You use heavy cryptography, something like twofish for securing the transmission.
You still have two attack-vectors open: The computer of the voter could have a virus and the voting-server(s) could be compromised by one or more rogue admins who have been bribed. 
To minimize the risks on the voters computer, you could hand out a bootable with a Linux that starts the voting program and only the stuff necessary to run that program (like network-services, X.org, etc.). But that does not stop your voters from using their normal, probably infected OS. But there is probably still a minimal risk left here. And you also have to trust the company that makes the CDs. Not to mention the costs of all that, which only increase if you check random samples with a group of people (because if you only have one person checking, that one could be bribed).... 
And how do you protect the voting servers? You could in theory use something like the blockchain of bitcoin, but then your votes aren't that anonymous anymore, because even with a blockchain-like mechanism, you have to prevent double votes and non-citizens from voting. And the server could be compromised by admins, the manufacturer or just "normal hackers". 
Using paper ballots is cheaper with less risks. Checking and protecting a physical process with a group of people is always easier.
@_date: 2015-02-07 00:35:01
In C == will check if two variables point to the same object (string is the exception). "Equals()" is a virtual member of the object-class and should behave like the "=="-operator of javascript: It returns true if two objects consider themselves as equal, imagine this:
    string foo = "true";
    bool bar = true;
    Console.WriteLine(bar.Equals(foo)); // true
It makes sense for bool to assume that the string "true" is equal to the boolean value true. I don't know if that code works like that, because not all classes have an implementation of .equals and it does not always makes sense like that. For Javascript, the == and === operators make sense, because of the dynamic nature of the language. In C it's kinda niche. 
The === of Javascript is, afair, the same thing as the == operator in C
@_date: 2015-02-06 21:07:21


It's not unique to Javascript, btw. Or do you mean the prototyping?


Which makes sense for that language. One could argue it's a symptom of other issues, but at least it makes sense given the closures, the typing system and the fact that you can declare variables on the fly. Having a variable that is "null" means a different thing that "undefined".


That is sad, because overloading is awesome, but many languages that are considered good by a lot of people don't offer that. AFAIK neither perl nor python have that.


Even C# has something similar with == and .equals(). 


Javascript has two things you NEED to understand before you run around: Prototyping and closures. Learn about closures.


Okay, that's weird. 