@_author: strml
@_date: 2016-08-09 04:10:31
Please see [the full Digest]( for context.
@_date: 2016-08-09 04:10:09
We did, actually - this is just an section (of 5) from [the full digest](
@_date: 2016-04-01 15:33:00
Check your calendar, it should provide some insight into the situation.
@_date: 2018-01-03 19:51:18
Yep - see 
@_date: 2018-01-31 12:35:23
There are plenty of reasons Stop orders are rejected upon execution, almost all of them having to do with margin being unavailable at the time of execution. Check the cancelation message (available when hovering over the state) to see why it was canceled. Orders are obviously not canceled needlessly.
Regardless, you are describing a different issue. In the case of OP, no order was ever placed or canceled. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:12:28
You did not place a Market Stop order. It is not possible that you did, it is not in our logs. It never hit the trading engine, it never hit the API, it never hit the gateways. It was not placed. Orders in our system do not disappear. There is zero chance that it was placed, you saw it, and it spontaneously disappeared from our system. We are specifically architected so that such a situation is impossible. Even if it weren't, there would be web logs, and there are not.
You will have to accept this.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:56:50
You said:


I said:


I am unsure how you say that is not the point.
@_date: 2017-12-09 17:45:41
Okay, let me make this crystal clear, then.
We are not saying "our system messed up but we won't offer to right this".
You did not place this order. There is no system fault. You cannot claim entitlement to a refund for an order you did not place.
I am not sure what your goal is here because you must know this. 


We won't respond further to social media blackmail.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:13:54
Multiply that by 3 (3 of 4 multisig) and you have your answer! 
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:44:32
I don't believe it has been that low for quite some time. Do you have a transaction that went through that cheaply?
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:30:02
The fee still can be specified. There is just a higher minimum now because too many stuck txs can cause inputs to sit in limbo, making them difficult to spend later until confirmation.
@_date: 2017-12-18 22:10:41
I think you're misunderstanding Kraken's fees. Kraken does not give you maker fee when providing liquidity. BitMEX does.
So on a 10,000 USD position (10,000 XBTUSD contracts), your fee would be $7.50 if you took liquidity, or you would receive $2.50 if you made liquidity.
The leverage you have chosen does not affect your fee, it simply is a reduction of the minimum equity you must put up to keep the position open. So you could open that position with as little as $100, but you can choose anything between $100 and $10,000.
Each XBTUSD contract is always worth $1 of Bitcoin. 
As for your "charge", you were in fact rebated that amount. You probably signed up with a referral link which reduces your fees by 10%. It reduces both sides in that case.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:46:56
You have contacted support over half a dozen times and our staff in the chat box over a dozen times. Each time the answer has been the same: no Market Stop order was placed. You were trading both the future and the swap so it is very likely you confused one for the other.
I'll go through the rest line by line:


Your tickets were not ignored, they were responded to. We responded many times, each time within hours. You did not like the answer so you kept opening tickets.


We pulled up the logs, even sent them to you, proving no Stop was placed. I am not sure how you believe this proves the opposite.


They were closed after you were repeatedly told why there was nothing we can do. No reply provided new information.


Issues involving private account information should remain private. You brought up this issue many times throughout the day despite receiving a final answer.
I don't enjoy responding to you in this way, or in this venue, but please simply accept that you made a mistake, and move on.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:47:07
Yes, it is. Search for historical transactions from addresses starting with 3BMEX. They are sometimes as large as 1400 bytes. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:40:47
All withdrawals are large 3-of-4 P2SH multisignature transactions. Depending on the size of your withdrawal, it may contain 3-8 inputs, pushing it well into the 2000-3000 byte territory. Multiply by 300+ satoshis/byte and you get the fee quoted above.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:19:16
Look at any withdrawal we've processed on the blockchain. They're generally easy to find (search addresses with 3BMEX) - BitMEX absolutely does not profit from these fees, we spend them all.
@_date: 2014-12-12 15:50:39
RFC 6979 is less likely to introduce a bias than a "random" k, simply because "random" is not clearly defined and is implementation-specific, whereas RFC 6979 is at its essence simply careful use of a standard HMAC scheme which is understood to have a uniform distribution.
Using RFC 6979 saves you from the more obvious woes caused by [bad RNGs]( The best way to prevent the kind of attack described in the paper is to use addresses once and only once. The attach relies on 2^33 signatures using the same key which is unlikely to ever happen with any Bitcoin address, but theoretically the more things you sign with a key, the less secure the key becomes.
@_date: 2014-12-03 12:25:25
Hi Aussiehash,
You don't run this in your browser at all. I'm going to update the README with the full flow so it's easier to use. Check the repo in about 5 minutes.
@_date: 2014-12-07 08:12:02
+1 for BTChip, not as fancy as a Trezor but 1/8 the price (2 for €20) and works with multisig transactions ( We've been testing them for a few weeks now and I have nothing but good things to say.
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:33:00
Yeah, all the browser examples require that you have your private key lying around, too. If you're like me, you prefer to have the private key on paper only. Since the key can't be lifted from the BTChip (but the public key roots can), it's ideal for usable, secure wallets.
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:09:44
A cheap way to get around this would be a standard JavaCard with NFC capabilities; plug into USB, prepare a transaction, unplug. Mate via NFC or USB to another device, verify your transaction and generate a PIN. Plug back into the original device, enter PIN from second device, finalize.
This scheme uses the screens and keyboards you already have, so the device can remain cheap. I would expect a good signing device like this to hover around the cost of a Yubikey - between $25 and $50, or less.
@_date: 2014-12-16 16:04:28
The signing tools are almost done, we just have to put some finishing touches on them. They're not the easiest thing in the world to use but programmers should feel right at home.
Currently there's a bug when signing transactions with multiple inputs. and I are working on clearing that up. The rest works; single-input txs, signing messages, generating mnemonic seeds, etc.
@_date: 2014-12-08 20:15:37
If you own a Yubikey NEO, this can be done (with some effort) using this BTChip applet. 
@_date: 2014-12-07 08:22:23
This is the BTChip HW.1, pretty much.
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:21:27
We [run one at BitMEX]( as well as a private dev version for exactly that reason. A lot of issues can pop up between your development machine and an actual deployment.
It also happens to be extremely useful for testing trading strategies and bots, since it is an exact mirror of the real site, just using Testnet Bitcoin. We see all kinds of crazy traffic in our logs on that server.
@_date: 2014-12-03 20:18:50
I know this is a really old comment, but it uses an unsigned 32-bit integer, which will continue to work until 2106. Not that it fixes the problem, but it certainly punts it long enough for there to be plenty of time to write a BIP to fixes.
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:07:46
I agree 100%. I think these will be integrated into devices very similar to credit cards, with NFC or USB communication. I personally would never use any implementation that runs on a cell phone, for the exact same reasons that you don't keep your private key on an Internet-connected computer. Too much complexity, too many attack vectors, too much untrusted software.
Good JavaCards are *incredibly* cheap, there's no reason to reuse your cell phone for this purpose.
@_date: 2014-12-10 14:27:58
Hey - I will get back to on that a bit later on, it's a long email and I'm deep in the middle of a big project on our site. Best I can say for now is to run each script with `-h` and read the autogenerated click documentation, it should help. And always test on testnet!
@_date: 2014-12-09 19:05:47
This is a matter of how you sign transactions - if you're using RFC6979, the 'way' you sign a certain transaction with a certain key will always result in the same signature, because `k` is derived from a function where the private key and transaction are inputs. It's a well defined function where an good even distribution between 1 and 2^256 are guaranteed. Other implementations simply use a random `k`, which is perfectly fine if the PRNG works properly, but can be disastrous if it does not. Truth be told, developing a good PRNG is difficult, as evidenced by how many times we've seen it screwed up, so RFC6979 fixes the problem by simply introducing a deterministic value.
The key point in all of this is that if the same `k` is used for two signatures with the same key on different transactions, those signatures can essentially be reversed to derive the private key. Once somebody works out your private key, it's game over.
@_date: 2014-12-02 13:58:11
and I have been working on Coinkite integration - it's fully working at this point with the downloaded JSON from their site. See  WIP and it's a bit hard to use but I'm polishing it as we discover the pain points.
@_date: 2015-05-13 18:31:03
Understood - I am speaking from the perspective of an investor that might be new to MPEx. It is possible to MITM MPEx and trilema.com as both are hosted over HTTP, but it is true that an informed investor, especially one who is willing to put in for the 30 BTC startup fee, should know and check the public key before operating.
Fundamentally, these are two very different models. I respect MPEx's technology stack, and it works for its purpose. BitMEX's stack and authentication is different because it has different needs.
@_date: 2015-05-29 14:54:02
I can vouch for his existence, actually, I've talked with him at length. He is acting in good faith. 
In any case, the only opinion asserted here that matters is that it was probably not Star who forged v8, it is more likely CZ. But it is certainly forged. OKC, as a company, should take responsibility for the actions of its own officers.
@_date: 2015-05-11 22:13:33
Of course SSL is not a complete replacement for PGP. I also agree that its security model is mostly broken in terms of root certificate trust.
However I certainly don't believe that they have a copy of most SSL private keys, because in order for them to have such a thing that would have had to (1) steal it from our server directly or (2) have the technology to break 2048-bit private keys. I don't believe they have done either. The real issue is their potential to masquerade as an exchange, but I find it unlikely that they are directly able to eavesdrop.
In any case, in a doomsday scenario, the ability of the NSA to listen in on private communications between BitMEX and its customers is undesirable, but not a death blow. Users who wish to be anonymous will still be able to do so by not associating their personal accounts with the service.
There are problems with PGP as well. Aside from it being notoriously difficult to use for the mass market (and let's not kid ourselves, an exchange should be accessible to traders, not just technologists), verifying a public key can be very difficult for a user that is new to an exchange or to the scene in general. And since mpex.co is hosted via HTTP, it is trivial to execute a man-in-the-middle attack that could change the listed public key and lead users to send encrypted messages to the wrong party.
Neither technology is perfect. We have chosen user/password/2fa over HTTPS instead of PGP because it is easier to use and more familiar for our users. Other authentication methods are coming soon as well, such as BitID which is similar to PGP.
If you wish to verify our identity when we email you, we offer that as well as part of the above-mentioned PGP support. All communications to PGP-enabled customers are signed with our support pubkey.
@_date: 2014-12-08 07:33:20
It's the same principle, in a much less expensive package (10 euros as of today).
I'm a programmer so what matters to me is how I can integrate it into my existing workflows; command line is okay. Both [BTChip]( and [Trezor]( devices have nice Python libraries; the HW.1's is more complete and their [technical specs]( are more complete as well.
The Trezor is a lot more user-friendly and has a screen for effective 2FA - if your computer is owned there is a reasonable expectation that using a Trezor is still safe. With a BTChip, it is also possible to do so but it takes more work. The chip does a 2FA scheme where it powers off, and on the next device it is plugged into, it will behave as a keyboard only. It then types the transaction details into the computer along with a PIN code, and shuts off again. It then must be unplugged and plugged back in to the original machine. That PIN code must then be used to finalize the transaction.
What I like about the BTChip is it's size (I can fit 10 of them in my wallet), price (I can own 10 without breaking the bank), and programmability. Until just a few days ago, it also was the only chip that could do multisig signing; so far as I can tell the trezor is [adding support]( Definitely needed - the kind of person who buys a hardware wallet is also the kind of person who wants to spend from multisig wallets.
@_date: 2015-05-28 22:23:35
I'll be honest, after reading the document, the gloating from OKC doesn't make a whole lot of sense.
The conclusions, paraphrased from the document are:
1. v8 was saved using a different editor than v7.
2. The signature on v8 *is* a duplicate of the signature on v7, right down to the timestamp. What are the odds that Ver signed two different documents with exactly the same timestamp, down to the second?
3. If the document creation date on v8 was modified after the fact, there is no evidence of that. That is, there is no conflicting metadata within the file. **However**, this still does not rule out other methods of manipulation such as changing your system clock while modifying the file, which would cause the metadata to be internally consistent.
In what way does this exonerate OKC?
@_date: 2015-05-30 14:54:19
Since they were made on OSX, I've tried doing this on OSX. It is easy to do. 
For example:
This is the above report, with the timestamps consistently sent to one year ago.
@_date: 2014-11-21 04:41:03
Great job guys. Just got a few HW.1 devices in the mail, and the device &amp; tooling is second to none in this space. It's a treat how a $12 device is more capable (but perhaps not quite so 'slick') as a $130 one. Keep going!
@_date: 2015-05-08 17:07:05
I'm glad to see this is important to you guys. I'd been putting off PGP support for our automated emails at BitMEX for some time. We already use it internally for verification between systems so the code is mostly there.
Seeing the support for this here in this thread, I've decided to implement PGP support for our automated communications (deposit confirmations, withdrawal confirmations, etc.). Communications are encrypted with your key and signed with [ours]( We then also have your key on file if you wish to communicate with support privately.
The change has already hit our [Testnet]( where we'll roll it into the next set of changes to BitMEX.
Nice to see the community talking seriously about this.
@_date: 2015-05-18 22:30:06
Note that Thrive365 never indicated that he was from 21 inc, just that he is working on embedded mining chips.
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:13:28
Thanks for the edit, fixed that.
Glad you like the scripts. We wrote them for our own needs and it really has simplified our workflow. The BTChip/Ledger is a great device and unlike the Trezor (at least at the time the scripts were written), it is fully capable of serving our needs in a programmable fashion.
@_date: 2015-05-11 16:15:28
PGP over HTTP is not necessary when using SSL (HTTPS). Signing and encrypting with PGP is a nice way to bypass using authorization tokens, though, but it is not usable in a modern exchange interface. Trades on MPEx are very slow as a result.
MPEx did pioneer many things in Bitcoin derivatives and they deserve credit for that. However, I find it unlikely that an exchange with such a high up-front fee just to participate will ever find mainstream acceptance. 
@_date: 2015-05-28 22:29:04
So it is still a forgery. There seems to be an odd insistence from Star Xu that OKC is not responsible for the actions of its officers if they are no longer employed by the company. In no way would that be legally defensible.
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:49:24
The [last post about PGP]( had a list but I don't believe it's comprehensive.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:31:49
In the standard operating mode, only one transaction can be signed per BIP38 path; it is not possible to simultaneously sign away funds from multiple wallets or sign multiple transactions without starting the process from scratch.
The process goes like this:
* Start a transaction; input PIN (3 times incorrect, chip is wiped), BIP38 path, quantities, destination, etc.,
* Chip shuts off. Unplug chip. Chip enters keyboard mode.
* Upon being plugged in to any other device, chip types a text string detailing the transaction. It appends a deterministic PIN code to the end of the message that is required to resume the signing.
* Unplug chip again.
* Plug in chip; chip is now again in smartcard mode. Signing will resume if correct PIN from previous 2FA step is presented; otherwise signing is aborted.
This means it is not possible to silently remove funds if the scheme I detailed at the beginning of this thread is used, as user intervention is required.
Using a single machine and major wallet software, it is possible to imagine an attack that would send a different transaction to be signed, intercept keyboard input, retype the 2FA PIN and send. Such an attack would be an order of magnitude more difficult and more specialized than the general wallet.dat-stealing attack. Using custom software presents an even smaller target. 
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:40:33
Let me mention that the BTChip HW.1 is a great piece of hardware at an unbeatable price, if you want to have a piece of physical security between you and your bitcoins.
For ease of use, one could imagine using a personal 2-of-3 multisig system in tandem with a hardware wallet. The architecture would be:
1. One key on your personal computer.
1. One key in your hardware wallet (BTChip, Trezor, etc)
1. One key in cold storage.
Upon losing any single one of these keys, generate new addresses using the two secure keys and one newly generated one, move your funds, rinse, repeat.
Keeping discipline with a system like this will make it much, much harder for a malicious actor to access your funds, especially in comparison with the average user.
We've written some [Python scripts]( that make the BTChip easy to use in tandem with Coinkite &amp; Armory.
@_date: 2015-01-11 17:09:42
In our usage of multisig with BitMEX, the differences are:
1. Human interaction: this could be done with or without multisig, but it should be required on all exchanges for withdrawals above a token threshold to prevent serious theft,
2. Verification Safety: Multiple signatures from multiple employees or partners ensures that withdrawals are verified correctly. Many eyes help prevent errors.
3. Internal Safety: Multiple signatures from principal partners prevent any single partner from running off from funds. Multisig in combination with BIP38 trees prevent individual employees from running away with funds, and groups of employees from running away with significant funds.
The rest of the formula has nothing to do with multisig and most exchanges do a good job of it - force secure passwords, heavily recommend 2FA, require email confirmation and allow users to cancel withdrawals at any time.
In a way, a time delay also helps fraud from occurring. In our short lifetime as an exchange (we've been open less than two months), in multiple occasions our slow, human-driven withdrawal policies have saved a user from losing funds. In one case, it was from a user sending funds to an address they no longer controlled; in the others, it was actually for funds being sent to a Bitstamp hot.
Of course, not everyone is willing to wait a long time for a withdrawal. I believe the correct approach uses small hot wallets with severe limitations (both per-user and per-day) to ensure that users can withdraw quickly when it's safe to do so, but that employees must review transactions that involve significant capital. This is done not only to prevent exchange loss, but to help prevent user loss in the case of error.
@_date: 2015-01-06 20:09:07
The scripts do allow that, but that requires the chip be reflashed in a special decreased-security development mode that was used for the purposes of these scripts.
Normal usage with off-the-shelf wallet software (e.g. greenaddress), does not allow that behavior.
In any case it is far from a day project for high school students; there's no need for exaggeration.
@_date: 2015-01-06 15:17:43
That's not true. In the event of remote takeover of your computer or theft, there is only one key to steal, not two. 
Even if your machine were rooted, it takes a much higher level of sophistication to steal your coins, far higher than most would be willing to go. An attacker would have to look through your machine, figure out how you were signing transactions, and develop software that could present forged transactions to your hardware wallet while presenting normal-looking output to you. And of course, that's assuming that your hardware wallet doesn't have a second factor (such as a screen on a Trezor, or the various 2FA options that the Ledger Wallet &amp; BTChip support).
Additionally, in case of theft of your computer AND the hardware wallet, you are still generally safe if you have a strong PIN on your hardware wallet. Most wallets will wipe themselves after a very small number of incorrect password entries.
All of this leaves you in a much better position than you would be in if your laptop was stolen and you were keeping your money in standard P2PK wallets.
@_date: 2015-01-06 17:54:56
BTChip allows you to plug into another machine to read back the transaction details. It also cannot be made to sign anything with no user interaction; it must be unplugged, replugged, the 2FA phrase read, which contains transaction details. This is hard to fake (but of course not impossible) since the BTChip operates in keyboard mode at this point, so any malware would have to block keystrokes entirely. Then it has to be unplugged and replugged again to finalize the transaction.
Security is all about layers, and this is a significant one. It is disingenuous to say it is worth nothing just because it *can* be circumvented. Nearly every type of security can be circumvented given enough time, sophistication, and/or violence. 
Have you used one of these chips? I have spent significant time writing software for them. They are not nearly so worthless as you presume.
@_date: 2015-01-05 19:37:05
Ah sure. Well, by definition, if multiple parties are signing a transaction, then multiple parties need to work together to sign an individual transaction. It depends on whether or not your "multiple parties" are geographically disparate computer programs, or actual people.
We're considering a hot wallet system where separate and disconnected systems verify transactions independently and a quorum is required in order to sign. I don't foresee any automation problems there. 
On the cold wallet front, today, and in the future, access to the funds in cold wallets requires a majority of management (2 of 3) to be accessed. This means that the majority of funds would not be compromised, even with a complete takeover of all exchange systems, and even with the cooperation of one of the cofounders in the theft.
@_date: 2015-01-06 19:35:11
That would certainly increase the security a bit; each geographically disparate server could then independently verify the transaction and sign a multisig transaction.
However, there would still be a single point of failure; if the application server is compromised, it would not be possible for the separate verification servers to know what is legitimate and what is not.
18,000 BTC in a hot is obviously bad practice; it should be set to a fixed amount based on need and refilled by human intervention only. All transactions above a certain threshold should be manually reviewed, full stop.
@_date: 2015-01-05 13:08:40
Multisig is absolutely workable for withdrawals, but it can't really be automated that effectively. It is absolutely mandatory IMO for cold wallets.
At BitMEX we use multisig for absolutely every transaction. This is secure but slow. We plan to use a hybrid approach with a small hot wallet to speed up small withdrawals.
It remains to be seen what the best architecture is for processing exchange withdrawals safely. Now that multisig is workable with so many diverse tools (including [hardware wallets]( there are a lot of options out there.
@_date: 2016-03-02 01:11:44
Casper translates our articles to Chinese. It was most likely a small modification he made while translating that changed the authorship. Nobody is hiding behind anything, the post is clearly Arthur's work and he has never tried to insinuate otherwise. 
@_date: 2015-01-11 17:14:28
I forgot to mention, multisig also allows an exchange to run a somewhat safer hot wallet scheme as well. One can imagine something like a 3-of-n withdrawal scheme, where two completely independent systems verify and sign a withdrawal, and a human provides the third signature. These systems could be hosted on completely separate hosts with separate authentication and verification to ensure that a breach cannot compromise transaction signing.
This doesn't completely prevent an attack where an attacker is able to convincingly forge withdrawal requests, but it does eliminate an entire class of attacks where an attacker can steal hot wallet keys or otherwise make fake withdrawals look legitimate.
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:49:45
It is obvious that you have never used any of these devices.
The call to an "emotional investment" is complete nonsense and deliberate trolling. I wrote my own scripts to automate a workflow with the BTChip because at the time it was the only hardware wallet that was compatible with multisig addresses. If a better option is available I will use it. If you have not used these devices yourself and seen how they work, you cannot make an informed decision about them or their capabilities.
Did you ignore the paragraphs about the requirement to unplug/replug the dongle in order to start and finalize a transaction? Even phishing a PIN dialog would not do you much good as a remote attacker, as you would need to be physically present to disconnect and reconnect the device. Additionally, a silently rewritten transaction would result in a different second factor token, and the chip would refuse to sign.
In any case, whether or not it is with a simple dongle, a Trezor, or any of the newer devices that are to come, they provide significant security that is substantially better than an encrypted private key on a usb drive or hard drive. They raise the bar for coin loss from simple filesystem access (even without root) or physical device theft, to a much more sophisticated attack relying on specialized software that rewrites transactions and requires the user to initiate a transaction and not pay attention to his second factor. 
If the user is careful about using the second factor (reading out the token on a second machine with a dongle, or carefully reading the screen on a Trezor), even use of a fully compromised computer does not mean compromise of private keys.
@_date: 2015-01-11 17:02:20
Hi DogeBets - we are an exchange, we just are not a *spot* exchange as we don't do fiat to crypto conversions. We are a derivatives exchange.
@_date: 2014-12-08 19:26:05
Yep, their official python lib now has a few unit tests for it, so it's coming. BTChip's HW.1 wallet also has support. I've [been writing script]( to easily sign "co-sign" requests on Coinkite with the HW.1; Coinkite really offers a great service and it's miles easier to deal with than armoryd in an automated environment.
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:45:38
Well, if by no problems, you mean that they will never [report a confidence factor higher than 50% for an RBF transaction]( yeah, they're 'supporting' it.
@_date: 2015-05-11 14:04:14
We use multisig for all deposits - you'll see each and every one of our deposit addresses begins with a `3`. All transactions are signed offline by keys that never touch the internet, and transactions need to be signed by a majority of BitMEX partners. This means that in the event of a total system compromise, your coins would still be safe.
This is a tradeoff between withdrawal speed and security; we have chosen security over speed. In the future we plan to roll out very limited hot wallets but there will still be human oversight over the vast majority of withdrawals. Nearly every major exchange loss has been because of hot wallets or employee theft; a proper multisig solution, as we have implemented, can mitigate the risk of both.
@_date: 2017-03-22 01:22:06
Admittedly, XTHIN is really a nice proposal. But BU is trying to do far too much, far too fast. I would like to see XTHIN (or something like it) in the main chain some day soon, but it makes no sense to bundle it with a block size increase.
@_date: 2017-03-06 02:55:49
Our organization had nothing to do with the Zcash price on Poloniex. There was significant market demand at launch and extremely low supply that drove up the price.
We do not, intentionally or otherwise, defraud our customers. We simply list products that traders would like to trade. Users did not lose thousands of Bitcoin. Total turnover across the lifetime of that contract was relatively small: only 929 Bitcoin.
As for our security procedures, I'd like to hear what you take issue with.
@_date: 2016-01-17 17:18:06
The issue is that this breaks existing implementations. They must now do a check they didn't have to do before, and if they don't adapt fast, they can easily be defrauded.
There was significant discussion on this topic that I linked to previously. I believe Jeff Garzik put it best:


This is no excuse for further degrading the overall network security.


impacts users to roll out "scorched earth" replace-by-fee given today's


user security even more.
It's a worthwhile read.
I'm just not convinced that the upsides (which are nebulous) outweigh the downsides (which are very real).
@_date: 2016-01-17 17:10:52
While I agree that RBF is useful, it adds significant complication to already functioning risk-management techniques that allow companies to accept 0-conf transactions with acceptable risk.
My preference would be First-Seen-Safe-RBF:


that all outputs of the old transaction still need to be paid by the new
transaction, with &gt;= as many Bitcoins. Basically, it makes sure that if
someone was paid by tx1, then tx2 will still pay them.
@_date: 2017-03-22 02:41:12
Thanks for the info! I'm a little out of the loop on recent BIPs. Not a technical question, but why do you think BU would continue work on XTHIN if a better-performing competitor is already merged into Core?
@_date: 2017-01-24 13:22:25
We've been over the flaw in this discussion before, but in case anyone gets confused:
Opening a 100 Bitcoin position on BitMEX will cost you either 0.075 Bitcoin or -0.025 Bitcoin (rebate) in fees depending on whether you are taker or maker.
Buying 100 Bitcoin on the exchanges in question will cost you 0.2 Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-08-16 02:07:28
Don't you think it's a big disingenuous to say you went "out of your way" to not delete posts and continue your censorship of You would be doing the community a big favor right now if you just did nothing.
Please stop calling XT an altcoin. It is a hard fork. There is a very significant difference between the two and your inability to recognize this is making you and look very, very bad. Your best move here is to stop deleting posts and apologize for the misunderstanding.
@_date: 2017-11-03 13:21:18
I don't believe for a second they are manipulating - there is more money in being honest in the long run. Load on a trading engine scales quadratically (with twice the users, you have twice the orders on a book twice as thick, with marketdata to be send to twice the subscribers). At a certain scale this becomes very difficult to manage without more drastic and purpose-built architecture, rate limits, and API design &amp; use discipline. 
@_date: 2015-08-31 16:37:33
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:46:11
BitMEX has no involvement with Tether.
@_date: 2016-02-16 22:50:58
You don't actually have to use 25x, you can trade these contracts at any leverage below it.
@_date: 2017-10-27 19:06:06
Don't worry, we already run a few.
@_date: 2017-10-14 20:57:08
That's not true, CoinMarketCap mislabels us. See  and 
@_date: 2018-02-01 13:05:47
Did you contact support when this happened? 
@_date: 2015-04-07 01:24:22
Generally, no. If we do go for that, we have a working relationship with CryptoCapital and Vogogo, so we would simply use their service and banking relationships instead of establishing our own. Dealing with traditional banking systems is something I'm very happy to outsource.
Generally there isn't much of a need in derivatives, you can stay Bitcoin-only, but taking fiat currency can be useful for new types of fiat-settled contracts.
@_date: 2015-04-06 15:01:53
There are other exchanges doing that. In any case it's not enough to keep an exchange alive on its own. Buttercoin was just "yet another spot exchange" and honestly had way too large of a staff to keep running on its volume.
@_date: 2015-04-17 15:39:03
Yes, it's been commonly used if it were interchangeable with liquidation. On some of these exchanges, there is no difference between the two - it's easy to see how the confusion could occur.
@_date: 2015-04-17 14:01:20
With an instrument as volatile as Bitcoin, 20x leverage leaves basically no wiggle room for an actual margin call; your account generally goes straight into liquidation with no warning.
This is why we require 30% initial margin and 20% maintenance margin on BitMEX - it's still a lot of leverage for a volatile instrument, but you and the exchange have a chance to react to margin calls properly so that a user can avoid liquidation by manually reducing his/her position or depositing more funds.
With a safer margin requirement, we can do nice things like incremental liquidation, where we only submit small orders to bring your account back into good standing. Other exchanges just take your full balance and run; after all, they need it to cover the risk they're taking on with such high leverage.
@_date: 2015-04-06 17:15:30
Well, I mention it because we do at BitMEX - we [expose all API methods]( including account creation, via the API. Technically, there's nothing stopping users from creating complete alternative clients, and we've seen some alternative UIs being used by some of our customers.
I'm CTO of BitMEX, so feel free to ask any questions you might have if you are interested in the platform.
@_date: 2015-09-22 02:34:34
And 128GB flash cards can be as little as [$37.99](
An off-the-shelf miner like the U3 (even x2), and the cheaper SD card bring the total to roughly $137.
And, of course, that's assuming you're paying all retail. At bulk these rates should be quite a bit cheaper. We're looking at an up to 300% markup on a developer-marketed product.
This is not like the Oculus DK1 launch - this product's value is all in the software, not the hardware. But the software will never succeed unless it is open source. 
I am struggling to find the value in this product.
@_date: 2015-04-07 16:38:31
Hey nimthegeek,
Sam here, CTO of BitMEX. I really like the idea.
We run a fully featured Testnet Bitcoin site - would be perfect for testing something like this out. Our [API]( is simple to use. You could simply fund the account with as many testnet coins as you like (or we could credit you some) and your bot could go to town.
If you want to give it a shot and integrate, I'd be happy to work with you. We have a super-responsive frontend that would give the stream the immediate feedback it needs to be fun.
@_date: 2015-04-17 21:52:42
There is a difference, even in Bitcoin - OKCoin is not the only futures exchange on the market. At BitMEX we issue margin calls before liquidation and in most markets you will have the time to manually reduce your position or deposit funds. 
The reason most traders don't know the difference: they are new to futures trading, and they start with 10/20x leverage. At that kind of leverage, there can be little to no wiggle room between initial and maintenance margin, leading to a quick margin call -&gt; liquidation transition that may seem instantaneous.
Even worse, these exchanges don't incrementally liquidate you; often it is a market order for your full position, as mentioned above. This can be catastrophic, causing margin call cascades and potentially total loss of equity if you are forced to cross a large spread.
OKC is even worse than Bitfinex in this regard; when you are liquidated, you are done, full stop. No incremental liquidation, no leftover equity. Your position is sacrificed and any leftover funds are used to cover bankrupt accounts (the "insurance fund").
Traders really need to ask themselves: is it worth dealing with these drawbacks just to have higher leverage? How much leverage is enough on such a volatile instrument?
@_date: 2015-11-19 02:39:27
Given that the 21 computer literally is a Raspberry Pi + this software + an ASIC, I think it is more than fair to compare two out of the three components to all three, given that the ASIC is purely optional. You can just buy some Bitcoin and send it to the Raspberry Pi. Or, as the GP said, use a faster computer you have lying around.
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:11:01
How about that, you're absolutely right.
Fixed the post.
No offense to the guys at Kraken - I know they're good engineers - but they need to have a Testnet. Kraken.io, the *image resizing service*, has a Testnet. This is a much more critical system that needs to have infrastructure for users to test tooling.
@_date: 2015-10-05 17:16:39
Hoping websockets come back - you really can't run a proper exchange without it. This team looks like they can handle it.
FIX is a definite must-have in the future for their niche. Their API surface is very small, it shouldn't be too bad.
Re: HighCharts &amp; TradingView, TradingView obviously has far more features but it is *heavy*. We love it but we wish we could strip it down a little better. It was buggy after launch as well but has really improved in the last few months.
Issue is, you will want to do other visualizations as well (they'll want to do spread/orderbook depth, we want to do that as well as % premium and so on). And for that, you'll want to include HighCharts again or do your own SVG charts. So, more bundle bloat.
@_date: 2016-05-02 23:59:07
Or, as mentioned earlier in the day - the goal was for CW to give GA a piece of proof that would prove to him personally that he was Satoshi, but not give him something he could use to prove it the world (until the so-called "Official Announcement").
As a cryptographer, Satoshi would have been more than smart enough to think of a simple solution: have Gavin generate a private key (call it `A`), encrypt it with a pubkey Satoshi is known to own, and send CW two messgaes. One is the encrypted privkey, and the other is a plaintext message encrypted with the pubkey counterpart to `A`. Ask CW to send back the plaintext message.
This would prove sufficiently to GA that CW was Satoshi, but not give him hard evidence he could share with the world. And hey, could save airline fares, too.
@_date: 2015-03-09 14:39:50
That wouldn't explain why it's happening on mainnet, unless programmers are using mainnet for testing - which they really shouldn't do.
@_date: 2015-10-06 19:01:03
@_date: 2015-03-31 07:25:20
Which part, the signing? You could make a simple python gui or something like it, but to be honest I think it's easier to use via the command line, and scriptable as part of a larger workflow.
@_date: 2015-03-24 09:57:26
Yep - this can be done easily without using any proprietary services or standards. You can even create multisig addresses on the CLI using bitcoind and sign transactions by hand. See [Gavin's gist on signing with bitcoind]( and this article ["Bitcoin multisig the hard way"]( which has more details about multisig actually works. 
Before multisig became mainstream, BIP32/BIP44 standardized HD wallets, and BIP38 standardized encrypted wallets, there were a lot of competing implementations out there. Armory has always been ahead of the curve but that unfortunately it causing it to be eclipsed by other wallets as it now has to deal with the standards passing it by.
As for Armory multisig, you can actually deconstruct TXSIGCOLLECTs into their component parts and sign them with any tool. A script to do that and many more signing tasks is available in BitMEX's [signing-tools repo](
@_date: 2015-10-05 16:43:26
Hey - Samuel Reed here, CTO of BitMEX.com. I'm always interested in the tech, so I took a look at (what I could see) of their technical infrastructure:
* UI is very neat and clean - using ReactJS &amp; Webpack to split assets into commons bundles and per-page bundles to keep the loading fast and individual payloads small. This is a very good sign that they have a competent frontend team.
* Design is great.
* Features appear very complete. They have individual controls for the types of emails you want to receive, comprehensive security controls, and forced 2FA. Integration with Authy was completely painless; entered my phone number and got a notification in less than a second. Well done.
* Appears they're using Webpack even for the image assets, so they have hashed filenames - could be wrong on this. Needs a tweak as it appears to be producing new hashes for the same content, causing a redownload of images.
* Using React will pay off dividends in the future as they iterate on their infrastructure. The version they're using is old (released nearly a year ago).
* Controller architecture appears to be very similar to angular/ruby controller/service arch, not something like [Flux]( Still tenable given the low complexity of the site.
* There's some bundle bloat. They're including React along with jQuery and jQuery UI, inlined fonts, Highcharts, custom SVG and more. Some optimizations could be done here but at least it's being cached well. Production optimizations don't appear to be turned on for React.
* Debug calls are making it into the bundle - Gemini devs, if you're reading this, see [strip-loader](
* Some stringified Sass code and comments made it into the bundle. Looks like they're reusing code by parsing the Sass variables with a regex. To be honest, interesting solution and code reuse (single source of truth).
* Some routes need conditional rendering, like [this one]( so you can't just navigate to it.
* Uses proper [Content-Security-Policy]( headers, without `unsafe-eval` or `unsafe-inline`! This is great. Most exchanges do not do this. If there is an XSS vulnerability this can be a big help on modern browsers. Unfortunately it makes a lot of exceptions for external services such as Google Analytics &amp; Google Ads (?)
* Uses [Strict-Transport-Security]( - great.
*  is AWS CloudFront - looks good.
* Uses typography.com webfonts - this is not good and has been known to cause loading problems on some sites. Aesthetic only. No reason not to self-host webfonts if you're going to use them. Other webfonts are inlined which is good/bad (faster initial load, slower reloads due to lack of caching).
* Looks like BitPay integration is on the way.
* Not sure what backend tech is behind the Nginx proxy. It's not leaking a Server header which is good.
* They're serializing and re-sending the entire page's state every 10s. This is a bit wasteful and could be optimized by using server push via websocket. 
* They're using raven-js/[Sentry]( for client-side error logging. We use this too and love it.
* API is almost a direct copy of Bitfinex's API, with some understandable technical fixes (e.g. finex has very inconsistent date formats). Of course, no lending/margin API calls because Gemini doesn't offer that.
* No WebSocket that we could find; to get real-time data, either they have something that's partner-only or you just have to pound the REST API. I see engine.io/socket.io code in the bundle but it's not being used yet. Probably will go live Thursday.
* Available [Sandbox]( We don't see this on nearly enough exchanges. Aside from [our own]( it appears the only other exchange doing this properly is [Coinbase]( Bitstamp, Bitfinex, Kraken, OKC, and 796 do not provide testing environments. Aside from making this much more difficult for developers, it hints that development may be more ad-hoc than is acceptable for an exchange.
Overall what I've seen of their architecture is a breath of fresh air and much better than most. They clearly hired capable devs. I'll definitely be giving it a try on Thursday.
Edit: Also, a great way to take a look at how it works, for the curious: [Download the React-Devtools]( and [inspect the page](
@_date: 2017-06-20 00:39:03
Hi Try installing the dependencies:
    pip install -r requirements.txt
As for running, you can also do:
    python ./marketmaker XBTUSD
If you have any issues, could you please paste the error here?
@_date: 2017-06-06 19:49:43
Each contract is worth an anount of Bitcoin equal to $1 USD. If you want to short an entire Bitcoin, sell a quantity equal to the current price. See [the Series Guide]( for more information.
@_date: 2016-07-10 16:29:47
We already do something very similar. But that does not protect from a lucky login from a new or unblocked IP, which we have seen happen.