@_author: stuck_in_china
@_date: 2014-12-16 14:28:49
Such an amazing summary!  You are the Douglas Bubbletrousers of Bitcoin prose! 
@_date: 2014-11-17 08:10:50
Count on it!  On the topic, how does your friend exchange local currency back to USD?  From my understanding, there is a pretty low limit on overall cash exchange.  Does he use banks or "underground" $ changers?  
@_date: 2014-12-25 05:10:04
Happy birthday, Jesus...sorry your party's lame.
@_date: 2014-11-17 00:49:57
Thanks a lot for the suggestion.  The list above is just a shitty, catch all list of sites, but I'll certainly look into this! Much appreciated!  
@_date: 2014-11-21 14:20:56
....and as one of them I can't even access my wallet as I type this.  On two dif. networks, 4 devices.  Congrats on the milestone :-/   Figure your shit out, dudes.    (waiting for blockchain.info...)
@_date: 2014-12-23 00:05:11
I am also currently an American living in China and I buy BTC weekly.  Here's the easiest way to do it with RMB. 
 
1) Create a BTC China account.  
2) Either create an Alipay or China Merchants Bank account.  I did the latter in person at a bank location (which will be in almost every Chinese city).  
3) On BTC China's exchange (which you must use to fund your account due to current China banking regulations) you select a voucher amount that you want to purchase.  The main voucher seller in BTC China's exchange uses China Merchant's Bank. No other major banks in China are regularly present in the exchange with any/all available amounts for purchase.  
4) Once the voucher has been selected, you must deposit the amount you elected in the exchange into your China Merchant's account.  
5) Send the voucher amount (now in your China Merchant's account) to the name and card number on the voucher you purchased.  Again, using China Merchant's bank it will be the same person every time, which is easy.  I have someone at the physical bank help me with the sending of money each time.  
6) Go into the voucher exchange on BTC China and confirm the money has been sent - the seller of the voucher will then release the funds in to your BTC China account and you can trade as you see fit. 
note: you can also use QQ to communicate with the seller of the voucher (BTC China provides the link to their QQ contact info in the exchange) to expedite the voucher confirmation process.  You can also request they create a unique voucher amount if it isn't available in the exchange already.  
Alipay (China's Paypal) will enable all of the sending and receiving of money to be done online, but you'll still need to deposit your cash, which is why I choose to go the China Merchant's Bank route, since I can do everything while I'm at the bank depositing it.  
If you have any other questions, PM me and I would love to help you! 
Also, localbitcoins unfortunately has very few sellers here, as I check regularly.  
*I typed this out quickly right before work, sorry if there are any typos*
*also, this entire process is done each and every time for ZERO fees* :-)
edit: typos and additional info