@_author: stupid_merkins
@_date: 2014-02-19 12:37:25


You thought I was female. Or emasculated. Hence your dipshit comment "you don't have a dick between your legs".
In the absence of other evidence, I'm still guessing you're just another ignorant Merkin.
There were only two suppositions in my statement. Unless you are claiming not to be sexist, which your previous statement would nullify such a claim.


You are such a fucking retard. Do you understand what married means?
I'm done with you. Grow up.
@_date: 2014-02-19 08:59:28
Wrong. Anglo-Saxon male, heterosexual, long-term married. You think because I find sexism to be abhorrent that I must therefore be female? 
I'm guessing you're just another ignorant Merkin. Learn some fucking respect for women. Are you racist too, or does you prejudice not stretch to more than one hobby?
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:01:31


FFS, you are a horrid person. I hope she reads your comment and realises what an odious little guttersnipe you evidently are.
@_date: 2014-02-18 15:59:39
It matters not one iota that I have not met her. You are a disgusting individual for making such comments about someone you consider to be romantically involved with. Playing the ignoramus like that (perhaps you're not playing?), you epitomise everything that is wrong with a male-dominated society that treats women as second-class citizens and incapable of performing the same tasks as men.
Glad you like the throw-away. It was created just for you, so I do not have to sully my regular account with your putrid views.
Now fuck off until you learn how to behave correctly around women.
@_date: 2014-02-18 14:52:28


Most subscribers? You mean you and your American friends? I'm guessing you are an American with that kind of attitude.
I (Westerner in the West) am very interested in hearing about a Bitcoin ATM in Hong Kong. In fact, there are people around me right now who would be very interested in hearing about this. We do not work directly with Bitcoin, or with Hong Kong. But this sort of news presents business opportunities for us.
If you are an American, you really do need to get a grip of your (collective) monumental arrogance.