@_author: stupendisdick
@_date: 2014-07-08 15:56:42
I'm sure you have a point somewhere, and eventually it may be produced.
Perhaps when you take off your hat?
Either way, thanks for the repartee, and have a nice rice.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:50:16
That is certainly a possibility, but I, for one, have hope.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:03:52
First off, RT is not what it presents itself to be. Any reasonable scrutiny will show that they are just another puppet of the Banker owned Main Stream Media. Learn to discern.
Here are some links for you, but for your own sake, learn to research. There won't always be someone around to do it for you.
[Putin versus the New World Order of looting bankers](
[Rothschild Bankers Forcing Russia Into Thermonuclear War: Putin Has Kicked Rothschild Out Of Russia](
[The Bankers Want Putin’s Head](
@_date: 2014-07-08 17:37:14


I'm not. 
Hard facts are hard facts.
Go blow the Rothschilds some more.
@_date: 2014-07-08 13:14:27
Sadly no, it isn't.
@_date: 2014-07-08 14:10:12


Money changers.
People who steal wealth from others via the siphoning process of 'interest', aka, 'dividends'.
Thank you for underscoring my point.
@_date: 2014-07-08 11:25:27
When you get the attention of the Rothschilds and their International Money Changer Banker's Cartel, you have a battle on your hands.
These evil bastards have overthrown entire nations to get their way.
The Russian revolution that saw the slaughter of the Tsar and his children was financed by these evil bastards.
The Bankers, particularly the Rothschilds, were pissed at the Tsar because, during the American Civil War, he caught wind of the Banker's plot to have England, Spain and France invade the young United States in the midst of the war, conquer it, carve it up amongst themselves and have it part of their global banking cartel.
The Tsar sent his entire naval fleet, split between the east and west coasts of the US, with the very clear threat of world war if these nations agressed the struggling United States, and they could have easily defeated all 3 at that time.
This isn't taught in history books anymore, because the Bankers eventually *did* get their prize; they got the whole country when Woodrow Wilson sold it to them in 1913, and they have since then, through political pressure and media ownership, all but erased the fact that the Russians used to be our best friends.
The Bankers have substituted that with a propagandized revisionist history and have, through their various men at the head of the Education Department, seen to it that Americans learned to hate and despise the Russians.
Did you ever stop to think *WHY* we hate the Russians ( and they hate us )?
Now you know.
The Russian people, however, never forgot what the Rothschilds did to them, which is why Putin has declared all out war on them.
You don't hear a lot about *that*, either. Such is their hold on the propaganda machine that is the mainstream press.
In the end, though, I am sad to say, Bitcoin will go the way of every other currency, that is, wholly owned and controlled by the International Bankers.
It has already begun.
They have already set up their Money Changers.
This is how they steal the wealth of the world.
First by currency conversion 'fees', then by interest generated by loaning out that currency.
With fiat currency, they can continually increase the money supply, thus adding to their power grab through loan defaults.
With Bitcoin, however, they will own it all much faster, because there is only a finite number of Bitcoin ever to be in existence.
Once they have ammased enough, and loaned enough at interest, there simply won't be enough Bitcoin to pay said interest, and they will have it all.
Game over.
No medium of currency that allows the Money Changers to get a foothold in with their 'exchange fees' and later, 'loan interest' will ever be freedom for The People, as the Bankers will always, *ALWAYS*, end up with all of it sooner or later.
