@_author: suantangjaozi
@_date: 2017-10-28 07:13:59
Yeah. Ignoring your own constitution and legal processes is a good message to send to all your politicians and provinces that you could do whatever the hell you want. Hell, with you're suggestion, after the catalans, the basques, galicians, leonese, andalucians, the balearics would want in on the process. They'd be like kids saying if Catalan gets one, why can't we?
There's a reason Spain is risking it's reputation.
For all I know, Puigdemont didn't really want independence now. It was probably a move to force Spain to concede something. Instead it backfired terribly and both sides were pushed into walking their talk.
Besides, Catalan herself is divided. If they get independent, they actually risk losing Barcelona because they too could also argue that they have an identity and culture separate from Catalonia.
Really. Be careful what you wish for. Otherwise you wouldn't be able to draw the line when it's your turn to get divided.
It's not like there was no legal process to grant them independence. They could have amended the constitution. However, unfortunately for Puigdemont and his lackeys they lack the prerequisites in their very own parliament. 
How the hell could they then argue in the national one if they couldn't even win at home? The opposition and the catalan government had roughly equal seats. Where is the unity there? Independence is not a unanimous desire in Catalonia. 
All I could see are selfish politicians dividing not only their union with Spain but their very Catalan state. They probably thought their careers were over now anyway so why not bring down the rest of the country with them.
@_date: 2017-10-28 00:04:36
While Spain does have it's shortcomings and indeed should have pursued dialogue, they are well within their right to do what they have done.
You cannot compare Catalonia's vote with Quebec's and Scotland's because Catalonia's was totally illegal and obviously one sided. No shit would it result in a yes vote. People literally could have voted several times. Besides, all it showed was that only 30%+ of voters were pro-independence (although this is affected by Spain's meddling but nevertheless the Catalan's processes were severely lacking transparency)
Honestly, all I could see was a stunt by Puigdemont gone horribly wrong. Probably thought he could leverage the drama into a real vote. Instead, provoked Spain into what it usually does - which is fuck up. Essentially, Puigdemont fucked up too. Must be the Spanish blood in him. Excuse my gross generalization of Spaniards in government.
Anyway. This is seriouslly FUBAR. Because of this shit, civil war and balkanization is now a non-zero chance in Spain.
I seriously sympathize with the Catalans who call this the selfish revolution.