@_author: subferior
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:30:25


[Maybe.](  For the sake of argument here, let's assume so.


The distinction you're missing is that it would not be possible to use the number pi to transmit illegal images. That just makes no sense. The pattern exists somewhere in the binary expansion of the number pi, but there's no way to find out where.
OTOH if you can store arbitrary strings in a blockchain then it would be pretty simple to write software that uses the blockchain as the transmission medium for images.  You'd need one piece of software that stores the image in the blockchain, and another that, given the relevant transaction addresses, retrieves and renders the image. 
In fact a quick google search turns up a [service for doing exactly that](


 
It would be trivial to go from that to a blockchain-based "cloud storage" service for child porn, and anyone wanting to access it would just be downloading the bitcoin blockchain. They would be indistinguishable from anyone else downloading the blockchain for legal purposes. How is this not a problem? 
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:05:54


Only in the same sense that the hard drive you're using right now is just storing a sequence of bits. That sequence could be interpreted in lots of different ways. You could interpret it as a single extremely large binary number, for example. 
But that wouldn't be a defense that would hold up in court if someone had a hard drive with illegal images. The judge isn't going to be impressed by the claim that a bit string that *could* be interpreted as an illegal jpeg could also be interpreted as something else, or that you need certain software to render that sequence of bits as an image.
I was thinking of it from the other angle, though, not that it implicates anyone downloading the blockchain for normal blockchain purposes, but that it provides cover for those who are downloading the blockchain for illegal purposes. It makes them pretty much undetectable. That's not a good look for a cryptocurrency that hopes to gain mainstream acceptance.
At the very least, if the blockchain were being used to transmit and store child porn, and widely enough that people would be reading about sting operations busting people for doing it, it would be a PR nightmare for bitcoin.  
But if it were to become the preferred cloud storage for transmitting child porn, then I'd expect to see legislation making possession of child porn in whatever format the blockchain cloud storage uses illegal (if it isn't already technically illegal), rendering possession of the full blockchain illegal.  And after that bitcoin only exists underground, if at all, although other cryptos could avoid the problem by just not storing arbitrary data.
@_date: 2018-03-21 00:14:46
Maybe I'm misunderstanding your first point there, but if it ends up being like making FTP clients illegal to me that just illustrates why it's the *data* that is illegal. Same reason web browsers aren't illegal, it's possession of the image files themselves (even if they're compressed, encrypted, archived, etc).


A lot of software could be said to implement complicated methods, but it doesn't matter to end users. The complexity of the algorithm implemented by the software doesn't seem relevant.  And image files aren't pseudo-random data, even if there are extra layers of complexity required to use them.  Chopping it up and storing it in pieces on the blockchain is a trivial algorithm compared to things like compression, encryption, tar/zip, etc. None of those things change the legal status of an image file.
And the "complicated" software in this case is really not that complicated is it?  Start with off-the-shelf software to browse the blockchain and extract fields from blocks; the new part that needs to be added is trivial, it just concatenates some fields you extract; then you hand off the resulting bit string to some off-the-shelf image rendering software.  


No, because the chances of a *random* blob of data being an illegal image is infinitesimally small.  There's zero chance that a file filled with random bits will turn out to be jpeg image of *anything* recognizable, much less one that's illegal. 
That's the same problem as with the pi example. Somewhere in that infinite string of bits is a substring identical to a jpeg image of a parrot, infinitely many times in fact, but it's humanly impossible to find it. 
On the other hand the hypothetical we're talking about is an actual image, created by an actual camera, encoded in some format such as jpeg, then re-encoded in some format for cloud storage on the block chain.  Not random or pseudo-random at all. 
@_date: 2018-03-20 23:09:05


What makes a bit string "constitute" something, except the existence of software that interprets it as that thing, and a community of users for it?  
The blockchain isn't arbitrary data, because people use software that interprets those bits as representing transaction data.   A jpeg image isn't arbitrary data because of the standard and implementations that mean you can render those bits as an image.
The hypothetical here is *if* it becomes widely used enough to store illegal images to start getting international attention, based on some definition for how to interpret and render images in that format, then having the blockchain data is like having a bunch of jpeg images in a compressed zip file, for example, and the law could very well look at it just that way. 


Imagine a full-node operator who (a) knows that the images are encoded in the download, and (b) knows that the node they're operating can act as a server for those images for anyone who wants to access them.  Even if they aren't looking at the images themselves, and even if that's not their reason for operating the node, the argument could be made that they are knowingly distributing child porn.   


So on cryptograffit it looks like about us$2 per kilobyte. That's based on just one file and their estimated cost in btc, but it ought to be in the right ballpark. Yeah that's expensive.  
Just thinking out loud, suppose China wanted to kill bitcoin.  The cost of putting a cache of child porn on the blockchain wouldn't matter to China. Suppose they do that, and post the browsing software to github for anyone to use to access the images. Does bitcoin survive the publicity of being a child porn distribution network and the law enforcement efforts to crack down on it?
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:46:23


That doesn't seem very relevant when the blockchain would be the transmission and storage mechanism, not the rendering mechanism.
If you can use the blockchain as "cloud storage" for images, then having software to extract those images from the blockchain and render them wouldn't be difficult at all. [Cryptograffiti]( already does it. 
If the blockchain became widely used as cloud storage for child porn how would that not be a huge problem for bitcoin?  There's no way to delete the content, and downloaders are indistinguishable from anyone else downloading the blockchain.  