@_author: subjectsetting
@_date: 2018-09-28 13:42:38
In today's world where fiat is king, you need buyers and sellers in every occasion in order to have a 'price', otherwise something is worthless.
The market cap example you're giving isn't too relevant. If I make a billion new tokens called 'ABC', and sell one token to a friend for $1, the market cap of 'ABC' token becomes $1billion. But say my friend now wants to sell his 'ABC' token, he needs to find a buyer. Of course no one will buy it, so his holdings become worthless and he lost his $1 whilst I gained $1. 
Nothing can rise forever, there always has to be someone who is going to take a loss.
@_date: 2018-09-28 12:40:37
Because profit made from selling doesn't just pop out of thin air. Any profit someone makes comes straight out of somebody else's pocket. 
Simply, one mans loss is another mans profit.
@_date: 2018-09-28 14:47:56
Things don't go up in a straight line though, they have peaks and troughs and that's where the profits and losses come from.
Just because it doesn't happen in a life time doesn't mean it wont happen. 
Gold: If Bitcoin becomes a future store of value then Gold will see huge declines and a lot of people will lose a lot of money. If not Bitcoin, something will come along. As I said, nothing can continue growing forever.
Property: Happens all the time due to a bunch of different factors such as war, economic crises, standard of living etc. 
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:34:34
Just to be clear, I hope I'm not spewing this out like it's a set in stone fact. Of course these are my opinions and theory, and I'm open to having them changed. If it was so clear and obvious, there wouldn't so many opposing views right! Haha 
@_date: 2018-09-28 15:18:58
The economy works on a global scale as a whole. The people who lost trillions on the rising house market are the people who have been affected by funds being withdrawn from their industry/community/stocks/economic area etc to pay for these higher priced houses. 
It's such a large picture that it's hard to see it and the overall effect to a single person is minimal. But the value has to come from somewhere. 
Hypothetical situation, there are two cities in the world, London and New York: 
1. London passes a law offering better human rights and standard of living than New York and becomes the most attractive city to live in in the world.
2. People begin moving from New York to London which causes pressure on housing and thus a rise in house prices.
3. Population of New York decreases and people are selling their houses at cheaper prices to get whatever they can in London.
4. Smaller population of New York means less money for shop owners, petrol stations, farmers.
5. The loss of native New Yorkers becomes the gains of long time Londoners.
The lost trillions comes from people who's house prices are declining, the postman who earns less as he works 6am-10am now instead of 6am-11am because there aren't as many populated houses to deliver too, the shops that aren't making as much money because the population in their town has shrunk, the stocks that are depreciating as people are taking money out of to buy houses.
Like I said, it's on such a huge scale that it's hard to see it. But gains somewhere come from losses somewhere else, the economy as a whole at any point in time is zero sum.
@_date: 2018-11-27 09:15:58
Man, you're so kind! :D