@_author: subspacer
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:26:36
No, it was just the nail on the casket. Seeing what I believed was an ideology of peace and rationality being used and twisted in the most vicious ways was a great way to drive a point, which had been years in the making, home for good. 
Plus I got tired of libertarians always comparing everything to Nazism. 
@_date: 2014-04-25 20:40:17
Reading the chapter where he sort of directly lays this example out is the moment I stopped being an anarchist. I never finished the book, I spent literally a year trying to think my way around the point he made and couldn't. A few months later the Tea Party became "a thing" and my romance with libertarian ideology was over for good. 
@_date: 2014-04-29 05:14:36
One of the positions I have worked for FedEx included Quality Assurance, and if you think FedEx's service is superior than I am here to emphatically disagree. Due to job security I can't be too specific but if you think a sheet of paper taking six months to be found is bad, FedEx is still looking for a shipment sent from a military branch/department (specific one redacted for job security reasons) made over a year ago. I've seen a picture of the item they are looking for, it's not exactly a sheet of paper that could slip between some cracks - it's more like something you stick in the nose of a jetplane. But of course we could go back and forth with anecdotal evidence all day, the real evidence would be raw service/failure numbers.
I used to be real big into quoting the "government death toll" due to wars, et cetera. But it was only after I began studying corporations and the nature of corporations with the same critical level of analysis as I applied to governments that it became pretty obvious that, often, the "death toll" attributed to governments could also be pinned on the corporate warmongers - those who stand to profit by peddling death &amp; promoting war industry. For instance, you might pin the deaths of those who gave their lives in Iraq or Afghanistan on the government - would you not argue that the blame might not also fall on Halliburton or Blackwater, et cetera? 
The more I think about your justifications for DRO's, the more a seeming paradox emerges. You argue that economies of scale will render them incapable of dominating/monopolizing a market, yet in order for a DRO to be successful it would have to have the same geographical dominance of a monopoly - how good is a DRO's word if you can just move five miles down the road, where their judgements mean nothing in another DRO's jurisdiction? At this point you might reply that DRO's would network and develop standards, so that one DRO's ruling here would still be recognized by a DRO over there. But at the point where decisions are shared and standardized - then you've removed the competitive advantage, and a DRO that attempts to innovate would find itself potentially 'shunned' by other DRO's who could simply refuse to recognize its decisions. You wind up with the same monolithic and inefficient system which right now we might call "city courts", "circuit courts", "federal courts", et cetera. A rose by any other name...
But ultimately I keep coming back to the one, brief point I made at the beginning of my reply which you did not touch on: the realities of such a "government rollback". The fatal flaw, like socialism, is "the devil in the details". Much like the well-meaning intent of socialist policies, I am sure you have 100% well-meaning intent when you imagine a world without government - unless you're one of those people who think that welfare recipients are the ones destroying this country, if that's the case then let me know and I'll switch to ad hominem attacks and save the rational discourse for someone else :P But for me, the 'Tea Party' is the closest thing to the concept of 'rolling back government' has come to being applied in our country, and so far it's been so terrible that, well, yeah, I stopped calling myself a 'libertarian', which brought on this whole conversation. 
But that is exactly what I'm talking about, those who are in power are using libertarian ideology to justify continuing wealth distribution to those who need it the least - major corporate and political interests. Though we are bombarded with stories of the "billions" "wasted" through welfare, the media is completely silent about the HUNDREDS of BILLIONS being siphoned off in the form of corporate subsidies, corporate kickbacks, and tax havens. 
If and when aliens come down and simply erase every politician from memory, legally disbands corporations and transforms corporate responsibility back into individual responsibility - then yes, I will be out on the streets day and night educating those around me about better, more efficient methods for self-organization. The most recent libertarian work I read, butler schaffer's "the boundaries of order", really does fill me with an optimism about our capability to organize and provide. But, like you mentioned in your first post, such a Nozickian, magic 'blank slate' will never happen. Sadly, for me, this means I can't endorse anarcho-capitalism in the face of so many pragmatic, real-life problems standing in the way: such a "rollback" or "slow dissolution" of government would kill people, literally. The best I can do is always keep the individual and individual rights at the forefront of my mind, and always advocate on behalf of the individual, but it will have to be in whatever system I've been doomed to live in, and as it turns out that's 21st century America. 
@_date: 2014-04-26 19:48:45
At first I was confused as to why you downvoted my post, but now that you're talking about racism outta nowhere I see you're downvoting whatever it is you think you're against, or I'm for, or whatever, not any actual thing I've said. Once again, the sort of behavior that, over the years, turned me off of libertarianism. 
edit: though if you'd like to challenge and refute Robert Nozick's argument, as outlined above... I'd be glad to re-evaluate my position. Or you can just downvote me some more, which is almost like proving your point!
@_date: 2014-04-26 22:28:13
Haha, this is kind of awkward. I totally agree with you, but only in the sense that I totally agree with Marx, once you accept one or two broken conclusions. In this case the problem is the idea of a 'slow dissolution of government', because in reality that effort has materialized as the Tea Party trying to 'roll back government'. 
It's even more awkward that I agreed with you more a few years ago, and with the post office example in mind, i wound up finding employment as a van loader at FedEx. Got promoted into administration, got another promotion, and that's where I am today. I still work there, so in the interest of job security I'm not going to go into detail, but it is a corporation that definitely puts profit over safety and service. When I'm ordering new parts from Newegg or restocking on vape juice, I have it shipped through USPS when possible. At its worst it's about as reliable as our Home Delivery option, which is twice as expensive. At its best it's as reliable as a FedEx Express 2-day shipment, which is far, far, far more expensive. 
So I apologize, because I haven't really sat down and put it into words and ideas, but somewhere in the years that I've been working there I came to conclude that the free market model might be okay for logistics or food production or entertainment etc etc, but I tried to imagine the sort of people who were running FedEx running services like healthcare or the military and the idea of those people not having a concrete authority to ultimately answer to, no OSHA or DOT or NLRB - it scares the shit out of me. 
I understand that some 'alternative system' such as one where the power/right to act as ultimate authority is a market comprised of 'DRO's might be a possible substitute for the courts and the legal system, but at the point where one corporation or business or 'arbitration firm' becomes dominant enough to be effective, it then becomes 'too big to fail', susceptible to the intentions of corrupt individuals, etc. It becomes a government. 
I'm not as interesting in defining what "the state" is or isn't or what is a "government" as opposed to a "really, really large corporation" and what not anymore. I figure if I can just do the best I can and try to make sure that my friends, neighbors and people around me are doing the best they can, then in any system we're doing that in, it's going to ultimately be a good system. I know that sounds ridiculous, but then again so does thinking the state will somehow voluntarily give up power without the individuals comprising of that 'state' still managing to have a major interest or stake in whatever post-state apparatus emerges which ultimately benefits the general population. 