@_author: sub-t
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:53:03
Agreed, there is a gradient and a spectrum to drugs.  There are levels to why items are illegal, unethical, or immoral.
* The most basic is that you oppose something because it is bad to you personally.
* The next is that you oppose something because it is bad for people you know.
* Going further there are things that do not harm you or the people you know directly but hurt society.  I think for most of the population drugs are more a societal problem than a personal issue.      Do I honestly care that Alex is shooting up, no.  I would rather Alex not shoot up but at the end of the day the Alex doesn't impact me directly.  Were Alex my family member, friend, neighbor, etc. I would not want Alex to engage in self-destructive behavior. 
The top comment of this chain simply says that the punishment is unjust.  If laws are unjust we have a duty to overturn them.  If you are a juror you have the option of **JURY NULLIFICATION**.  If you are eligible you should vote or run for office.
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:53:34
If the websites goal is to trade illegal goods or services it should be illegal.
Going to an extreme here but if you created a website to raise money for religious extremists to hunt and kill atheists it would be illegal. Trading narcotics is still a violation of federal law. Just because you don't think it's a crime does change federal legislation. 
@_date: 2018-03-27 17:50:39
That's wonderful of you to say.
I'm happy to hear that you're engaged in your local politics.
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:44:50
We're not just talking about pot here.  Opioids destroy communities, cocaine derivatives ruin peoples' lives, amphetamines have serious side effects.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:06:57
Nice counter point.  Not sure that trading in opiates rises to the same level of patriotism as freeing slaves.
@_date: 2018-03-27 16:17:55
Some would argue that certain drugs tend to have negative externalities.
I get that drugs are fun.  The issue is that people on drugs do not always act in society's best interest.  Some people I know have DUIs, they didn't hurt anybody but they put lives (their's and others') at risk.  A shelter I worked with (audits of NGOs) had a ton of stories of people who blew their savings on cocaine or more often heroine.  While neither the DUI guy or the homeless addicts hurt anybody else the drugs destroyed their lives.  A person who could have led a full live and contributed was turned into a liability.
I would recommend working at or with a clinic, shelter, food bank, etc.  Not all the people using these services are direct casualties of hard drug use but it is well above 50% from the conversations I have had.
I get that drugs are fun but saying that people should be able to do anything they want is a little naive.