@_author: subz4daze
@_date: 2015-04-04 20:27:29
The owner of the bitcoin Atm in Sterling, VA just messaged me on here and answered my questions about the machine there, fee is 3.5% which isn't too bad in case anyone was wondering. 
As for the one in Fells Point I would just like to know what the fee is when buying Bitcoin. Unless the fee is a good bit lower id probably just use the one in Sterling since it's 10 miles close and to avoid the traffic and everything else in the Baltimore area. 
@_date: 2015-04-05 00:08:31
Thanks for the response. I saw a news article that was written when they put the machine in and it said they were charged like .05 when they bought 2 bitcoin that's why I was curious about their fees. It also said the owner was a pretty big bitcoin advocate and they have a Bitcoin group that meets there so it sounds like he just got the machine for convenience and not to make any money off it. 
I have been to the Baltimore area plenty of times but never to Fells Point although my girlfriend has been there for work meetings and said it was really nice. If I just go up say in the afternoon on a weekend and want to be in and out will that be too much to ask? I know the Atm process is quick but add just curious about traffic in that area and if there was parking close by? 
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:11:14
What's the benefit of using LibertyX over a Bitcoin Atm. I would have to drive just as far if not a little farther to use a LibertyX as well. 
As for the others I thought I saw that you have to wait a week or more before you are able to transfer the bitcoin from coinbase and with circle don't they only let you start with a $100 limit that you have to build up over time? 
@_date: 2015-04-04 22:23:15
Not sure if you are implying that towards me but it's fairly simple. I want to get Bitcoin into a wallet in the fastest way possible and be able to transfer said bitcoin to other wallets without any type of waiting period. I don't have a problem using my bank account to do so but from what I have saw so far the services that I can do that with either have a fairly low limit or have a waiting period before you can transfer the bitcoin. 
As for using localbitcoin instead of an Atm there isn't anyone in my area closer than an atm that I can by from and the other options have a horrible exchange rate and I would rather drive a few hours to avoid that and other issues I listed 
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:11:26
Yeh the limits and everything would be far more than I need its just the ATMs I listed are closer to me than any of their locations