@_author: suchclouds
@_date: 2018-01-22 10:41:47
From what I have learned so far about Lightning, nodes do not have the luxury of going offline for indefinite periods of time, without consequences up to and including another party taking their funds. Therefore, it stands to reason that any functional version of the network will consist of nodes run entirely by people and organizations with appropriate capabilities to handle this, and with individual users not operating nodes themselves, but merely connecting to them.
What I don't yet understand is whether there is a secure way for a user to participate like this (without operating a node himself, without making an expensive initial transaction homself), or if, with this arrangement, his funds on Lightning would effectively be in a custodial wallet (trust situation). I'd like the best of both worlds, where I don't have to operate a node, or worry about uptime, or have any of those concerns that nodes will, but I can still use the LN without trusting anyone in the same way I have to trust an exchange to hold funds. Can this happen?
@_date: 2017-12-14 05:40:14
Mining fees have never and will never be a percentage of the value of the transaction.
Mining fees are entirely dependent on how much space the transaction occupies, in bytes. At any given time, many transactions are pending, with varying data size and levels of fee. The best-paying-per-byte out of all pending transactions are added to each new block. The rest wait until such time that they are the best-paying-per-byte remaining in the pool of pending transactions.
Fee calculation works rather like bidding in an auction, and software is particularly bad at estimating sufficient fees. A place like coinbase, in turn, will always use as high a fee as it thinks is required for fast service, since the alternative is thousands of customers complaining about delays. As a result, fees balloon during times of peak network congestion. But never are they based on the amount of BTC being sent.
The worst part is knowing that a fee 1/2, 1/5 the size is sufficient for your needs if you can wait hours or a day, but not being given the option to choose a fee, because it is a custodial wallet and not one you control yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-26 16:01:58
You can always count on a greedy person who doesn't know the subject matter well to guess in his own favor. Every time he will decide that what's best for him personally ought to be acceptable.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:36:58
The fee does not depend on the amount of BTC being moved. There is limited space, so the fee depends on how many bytes of data the transaction occupies. It can be oversimplified to "each transaction costs $3 to $15 to send" because this describes the average transaction, although there are exceptions. This number frequently and directly changes based on the network's congestion.
When sending yourself from the Nano in the future, you will get to fine-tune, and preview, the fee paid. You can pay less if you're not in a hurry (small fees can take hours or days), or more if you are (a sufficient fee means next-block service, average of 10 minute wait). You can override the estimate if you don't like it. When sending from an exchange such as Coinbase, they pick the fee, and to avoid complaints about stuck transactions, it's whatever the current premium, in-a-hurry fee is. Which is why, right now, you can expect to pay $10+ per transaction for a Coinbase withdrawal, whether you're sending $100 or $10k.
There's nothing wrong with doing a test transaction, just don't waste money on many tiny transactions. The main concern is checking that you copy and paste your receiving addresses correctly, verifying that the first and last several letters match.
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:15:46
When dealing with a new user, it's unfair to say "bitcoin cash is bitcoin" without elaborating, but nearly equally unfair to say "bitcoin cash is not bitcoin" without elaborating. There's no good way to quickly summarize the situation without color of personal opinion, unless you plan to mention "alternate realities" or "parallel timelines" or give up and really dig in and explain how blockchains are built and why they can fork. What a mess.
Imagine if ice cream fans formed camps over chocolate vs vanilla, and spent their days insisting that the other flavor is not real ice cream. We know what they each mean is not literal, but that's just because we've been eating ice cream for years. Now imagine that 99% of the world has never had ice cream...
Litecoin can be orange sherbet if that's your thing :)
@_date: 2019-07-12 09:14:58
Hoping you'll add the 9 year value as well in a few weeks when the data catches up.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:15:29
Any consensus update of any type, that takes effect when n%+ signal for it for a long enough time, that reaches the required signalling, is enough, by definition. if n is 80%, 80% is most certainly enough.
We need to make a BIP. Pop in a block size change, in a way that makes future block size changes possible without a hard fork. Pop in the other several things the devs say it makes sense to change during a hard fork. Test it, push it, give people the option to start signalling for it, and lock it in X months after everyone's signalling. In fact it's the very way satoshi prescribed a block size increase.
I see people frustrated that this sort of BIP is not being made, for increasingly frustrating reasons. I completely agree with your last two sentences. I also believe that supermajority consensus is enough.
@_date: 2018-09-12 16:59:07
Bitcoin maximalists don't religiously hate big blocks; they hate the religion of big blocks.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:26:45


[Average block size was increasing steadily and linear for years until it started hitting the hard cap.]( With the addition of segwit it has been able to increase again. What do you think has changed in the last several months, that with a higher cap it would now increase exponentially instead of linearly?
@_date: 2017-12-18 08:10:46
Check out the Large Bitcoin Collider. It's a team of people doing exactly this, and they're checking billions of addresses every second!
@_date: 2019-07-31 09:45:54
Vis and vires are two forms of the same word, and I think you are confusing it with vir.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:17:44
There are over _100MB_ of pending transactions offering _100 sat/byte or more_. Furthermore, this amount is up over 20MB in 24 hours.
Insisting that this backup is the result of spam is a great way to make our community look like idiots and liars. Can we please stop making this ignorant claim that is so easy to prove false.
@_date: 2017-12-18 07:33:53
Sounds like the copay wallet has been creating some Transactions that either never actually get broadcast to the wider mempool of the BTC network, or simply don't persist there. And then apparently it doesn't display the (sent, pending) balance to the user, or give them the option to RBF.
There is an actual problem if the wallet thinks the transaction is in the mempool when it is not.
Their support seem to be saying the transactions are falling out of the mempool, and this does really happen if you attempt single digit sat/byte fees or lower... I've just never seen it happen with larger fees, as these users describe. I've never not been able to find a pending transaction, still in the mempool, on at least one block explorer. So from the symptoms, the problem could easily be that these transactions aren't getting broadcast to begin with.
Attempting to describe this, in the current climate, comes across very similar to "my low-fee transaction is stuck", and is probably why they're getting no help. Somebody from copay could check that the broadcasting/rebroadcasting mechanism is working correctly, for all transactions at all fee levels down to some single digit sat/byte, and report results. That would very decisively tell us if this was user error.
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:22:16
You are not allowed to use LIFO or Average cost. Average cost is limited to mutual funds, and a variety of CPAs have advised against LIFO as also not applying to crypto.
@_date: 2017-12-03 11:08:20
Man, I wish Bill Hicks was still alive. I can almost hear this in his voice.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:23:49
It is frankly insulting to see a long-predicted, as-of-yet unresolved bottleneck in the network compared to an insolvent exchange or an illegal market's seizure, in terms of effect on the coin. Only one of these things threatens the very functionality of BTC for all of its users.
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:24:13
My understanding is that if you have kept your different lots literally separate and distinct, only then you are allowed to say "these specific BTC have this specific basis". A person who tracks their every transaction and address from day one may potentially do this for 100% of their activity with perfect precision. Most regular transactors will only find it practical for certain lots.
A guy with a coin on a paper wallet that's been in his safe for three years, has not been including that particular coin in his yearly calculations of buys and sells and trades. Nor should he. It's frozen there at whatever basis and age it was acquired at.
Bitcoin is strange because it is not fully fungible. Any BTC is equivalent to any other BTC for payment, and yet specific BTC may be tracked if not carelessly mixed. This makes it more like property with a serial number.
edit: I am curious what AnimalXP's opinion on this is. What I presented is only my non-expert understanding.
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:38:48
The situation would be considerably different if the Core client fully supported segwit. Currently, using segwit addresses in Core is testing level, and not guaranteed to backup and recover correctly (this is from the changelog).
It need not be said that a competent business considers backup and restore functionality as critically important. Many businesses running Core likely consider it irresponsible to roll out segwit before proper support exists, while the documentation still contains such warnings about it. I agree this makes it tough, but it is not as though they are resisting or refusing; Core's own language lacks reassurance and indicates the new features as testing-level.
@_date: 2017-12-14 03:17:40
For tax/income purposes, if my BTC are lost or stolen, the amount of the loss is my cost basis, not their current value. So I'm skeptical of insurance valuation.
Are there any cases in history where someone's BTC were lost and insurance reimbursed them? I'd be very curious to see what was reimbursed: actual BTC, fiat equivalent to the value-when-lost, or fiat equivalent to the value-when-purchased. I need more information to not assume it'd be the last and worst of the three options.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:27:12
In your example, the miners would be choosing to make far less in transaction fees than they could, leaving money on the table, which is not a logical assumption.
@_date: 2018-09-27 03:07:52
The thing speaks for itself. Read the page. "Final Balance -0.001 BTC". View the transaction. Click on Show scripts &amp; coinbase to see the breakdown. One input of 0.1 is duplicated to spend 0.099 and pay a fee of 0.101, for a total of 0.2 consumed out of 0.1 input. I don't think I'd call it "the core bug" but it's not FUD, it's a very real demonstration (on testnet3) of the duplication bug that was patched.
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:08:54
The [!] icon indicates an unconfirmed RBF transaction. It means the transaction can be replaced with one that pays a higher fee, if necessary. It will turn into a clock to indicate 1 or more confirmations once confirmed.
@_date: 2018-09-27 02:44:55


It was arbitrarily selected, but it was the value of the output. He sent 0.1 tBTC to the address then spent that output twice in one transaction. You can only clone what you already have.


Click on the [transaction itself]( and click Show Scripts and Coinbase to see the duplicate input. But also, 0.101 was paid as a fee (more than the value of the output), so even the address page shows a problem: blockchain.info thinks the final balance of the address is negative.
@_date: 2017-12-03 14:25:14
He swept the keys already.
@_date: 2018-09-22 05:10:21
If there was a list of the [50 most heavily moderated subreddits]( made by sampling the data, and this one wasn't on it; would that convince you otherwise?
@_date: 2018-09-22 15:24:07
Cool. Is there any other objective data you'd like to disagree with? 
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:32:51
I used to be this guy, but the past month this isn't even true most of the time, and this could easily be the new norm. Getting someone else to eat the fee for you shouldn't count as a solution, either.
@_date: 2019-03-05 23:08:30
Stellar is Ripple with a rocketship icon, part of Jed McCaleb's crazy cavalcade of company-backed crypto clones.
@_date: 2019-03-07 00:39:34


Could we not, because then you are dismissing my entire point. That _is_ an essential part of my point. I don't disagree with you about those particular scenarios. It is the use of crypto in situations where one has to go out of his way to involve it in the transaction, that I don't understand the point of. Because it _is_ going to be these other, less awkward and more natural situations that make crypto transactions into a normal and common thing. I have said why I think it is _not_ going to take root as a result of using crypto at random small businesses who'd never heard of Bitcoin and were introduced by a customer who wanted to spend it there. Prior to the rooting, I don't see the point in forcing the matter on a merchant who doesn't want it and is going to instantly sell it.
@_date: 2019-03-06 14:25:05
Can we seriously talk about spend and replace for a minute? And what it accomplishes or doesn't accomplish?
Spending crypto is wonderful. For a moment, let's set aside the situations where you had excessive crypto and wanted to spend crypto, or where it made sense to spend crypto, or where you saved money by spending crypto, or where you used an inherently crypto service so of course you paid with crypto. I'd like to focus on all of the other, currently "less natural" situations. I am sure you are aware that, in many of those cases, spending crypto is effectively saying "here, _you_ sell this for fiat today to pay yourself with". Merchants' costs are not measured in crypto, and largely not payable in crypto yet. The mentality of spend and replace, _if_ the place you are spending will then sell that crypto, _seems_ to only benefit the payment processors and exchanges... you start with fiat, and the merchant ends with fiat, but you just ensured two conversions (and the associated fees) were performed in total for your one spend and replace.
When, and how, does a meaningful transition occur to a landscape with a reasonable expectation that a payment made in crypto, at a merchant who doesn't specialize in crypto, will be kept as crypto in large part, or spent again as crypto? And until that transition happens... if you _know_ you have fiat handily available, and you _know_ the merchant is going to end up with fiat shortly after your transaction, what is the point, beyond "spreading the news", of buying things with crypto just for the sake of performing a crypto transaction? We're past the "crypto? never heard of it" stage, but not yet at the "crypto directly accepted at a variety of places" stage. Merchants are accepting crypto through third parties and processing services, and not directly. They're largely not keeping the crypto they accept as payment, and never have. And the exchanges are just selling the coin right back to us after we've spent it and the merchant has sold it to them. So what productive or essential goal does one really accomplish by going out of his way to involve crypto in a transaction today?
@_date: 2019-03-06 15:21:52
Thank you, my mistake.
@_date: 2019-03-30 10:36:43
[Plot of this data]( with your two reversed dates corrected. It will become incorrect if/when it goes below $4k again.
@_date: 2019-03-23 12:30:20
I sure hope not. Past interpretations of that policy played a large role in the schism and creation of what would become the BCH community, and arguably the creation of BCH itself. I really hope we've learned that there should be no ideas or topics fundamentally related to Bitcoin that are off-limits to discuss here, lest they be given false legitimacy as "something we have no real answer to", and promptly discussed instead in other forums with strong anti-BTC agendas.
Just as a good idea can withstand any public criticism and discussion, so too is open and honest intelligent discussion the only way to dispel a flawed idea. If we are unwilling to talk about why flawed ideas about Bitcoin are flawed, no matter how many million times the questions come up, then the only people discussing those ideas will be people who don't see the flaws, and think the ideas are just great. Some of them will be very vocal and make a wide impression; some of them will confuse the ignorant with their pernicious education; and none of them will offer any of the criticisms, observations, data or facts which shatter all of that flawed logic.
@_date: 2019-03-29 22:46:58






Why would someone think a batched transaction occupies the same amount of bytes, and costs the same amount of fees, as a single payment 1 input 2 output transaction? There is a vast difference. Batching 10 payments into one transaction is smaller and more efficient than sending 10 individual single payment transactions; it's nowhere near as small or cheap as sending 1 single payment transaction.
@_date: 2019-03-06 15:05:26


I explained my reasoning and asked some questions to understand better. I'm not your foe, I'm not masquerading, and I don't propose to know it all or speak some universal truth about this topic, so nothing has been "betrayed" and there is absolutely no need to be condescending. Thank you for explaining at least one aspect I did not consider.
I've gone out of my way to pay with Bitcoin many times. I've been the very first customer to pay certain merchants with Bitcoin. My reasoning and opinions are based directly on my personal experiences and observations. I don't understand how it puts pressure on a business that does not accept Bitcoin when I spend Bitcoin at another business that only accepts Bitcoin because I or someone else nagged them to look into it and sign up with Bitpay or similar. I have been using BTC for over six years now, and believe me when I say that I understand how much more Bitcoin is than an intermediate step in a fiat-fiat transaction. I hope you can see where I am coming from, and see that I'm not trying to start some ridiculous debate. When it comes to be that 5% or 10% of all payments are in crypto, that sudden change, I suspect the type of merchants I am talking about are not going to be a significant part of why, but that they will take interest at that time. I think we're before that time; and I am asking some serious questions about it. Please don't jump on people asking questions in good faith and trying to have a better understanding.
@_date: 2019-11-24 21:01:29


Note that by this criteria, Bitcoin has been moving towards suitability for everyday transactions (even if it never gets there). Volatility has its highs and lows, but the maximum volatility has regularly [decreased over time](
@_date: 2019-03-10 17:56:35
It's a BIP that would obscure the origin of a broadcast transaction. [Article on Dandelion++](
@_date: 2018-10-09 14:52:21
This is the correct answer. Log into coinbase then add a pro. in front of coinbase.com. Coinbase is the "Apple" side of the site that gives convenience for the ignorant at a steep fee, while pro (rebranded GDAX) is the side of the site that represents what an exchange should be; charges reasonable fees, even on market orders, by comparison, while offering all of the same services. Not knowing about it is increasingly becoming a very real "idiot tax" and is one of the main things I don't like about Coinbase's business model.
@_date: 2018-10-06 08:53:12
has to be colored coins, right?
@_date: 2018-10-13 20:06:21


What is inherently changing about exchange custody? What is different about Liquid that would keep you in direct control of your funds while those funds are in custody of an exchange?
It seems to just make exchange deposits and withdrawals incredibly fast, so that you can move funds in a pinch, or not leave funds on an exchange for longer than a brief moment to trade with. It doesn't seem to change the inherent property that, while funds on an exchange, they are controlled by the exchange alone until withdrawn. You went through the trouble of setting up this contrast, as though it does. So what am I missing? It's not absolutely clear.
@_date: 2019-08-23 13:26:51


"E-mail" is another word that refers variably to a protocol, a service, and the actual data objects sent over the service. It's quite confusing... for about 30 seconds, the first time you learn what it is, and then never again.
@_date: 2019-08-20 13:08:37
You may want to refresh your understanding of the term, because that is not what fungible means. Verification that something is genuine is actually not related to fungibility in any way.
Consider that someone might refuse to accept a perfectly fungible lump of gold in a trade, if he is not prepared to verify that it is real or trust another person's assessment. Consider also that a diamond's authenticity can be verified, but diamonds are not fungible; each one is unique with its own characteristics and quality, not worth the same as any other diamond.
For as long as banks have transaction records and information on customers and accounts, and paper money has serial numbers making each piece uniquely identifiable, fiat cannot be fungible. For as long as every bitcoin by design can be traced back to its origin, and every transaction it was involved in previously is public knowledge, bitcoin cannot be fungible. But you can study a lump of pure gold all day long, and its atoms will never tell you when it was unearthed, or who had it previously, or where it's been, or how it differs in any way from another lump of gold of the same weight. Things that retain information about their own history, which could affect their total equivalence and interchangeability, cannot be fungible.
@_date: 2019-08-03 17:02:15
Every crypto patent reads like "I installed a custom plastic cupholder inside my car, so now I get to re-patent the car's entire design from bumper to bumper as my own creation." Prior art, what's that? What do you mean it won't stand to any legal challenges? Pfffft.
@_date: 2019-08-04 19:14:01
I am only telling you that many people have a different use case than financially going off the grid permanently, or waiting for a paradigm shift where fiat currency no longer has any use. You cannot think that the average person is expecting that change to happen quickly.
Right now, and in the near future, interaction with the banking system is a normal, common reality of life for many people. Bitcoin is money in itself, yet until something massive changes with the world, the average person buying it now will be selling some of it back into the banking systems at some point.
As long as people are using banking systems, as long as banks know everything else about some people's finances and can piece things together easily, it makes all the difference in the world as to how much those people will care about a bank knowing their buys and sells. That is my point. That is why staunch privacy advocates here come across as chasing ideals for the mere sake of the ideal, ignoring all practical considerations. We should explain why it is valuable and important, but acknowledge the many people who may not want or need it. I look ahead to a wonderful ideal future, but without ignoring the realities of the present and the way they influence the average person's requirements.
@_date: 2019-08-26 14:01:38
I'm getting really tired of people who don't understand the first thing about typography and legibility creating random symbols for sats and hoping one sticks. I know nothing but the first thing about those topics, yet I know enough to know these are all junk for a common reason.
If it's less unambiguously legible than "0.01 μBTC" in tiny print, you've failed.
@_date: 2019-08-20 00:48:21
You are correct. USD also isn't fungible. Nothing which has an identifiable past can be fungible.
That said, the OP's problem appears to be counterfeiting concerns. A good teller won't accept a bill he is unable to verify. If it is real, the bill is not likely to be worth more than face value, but OP may have to go to a rare coin shop just to spend this bill, just to meet a person qualified enough to evaluate its authenticity.
@_date: 2019-08-04 17:03:36


He cares because he was told to. He's asking because he doesn't understand why he was told to. This sub has some posters who are intensely paranoid about privacy, who regularly tell people that they should care more about KYC than anything else, and that they should avoid the on-ramps and off-ramps that 95%+ of people use at all costs. Invariably these kinds of replies get upvoted, and he trusts us as a reliable source of information. This one's on the community for over-representing the most extreme and inconvenient methods as though they are common and preferred. I'm all for freedom and privacy and autonomy and total control over my money, but some Bitcoiners have forgotten that it's an option, a choice, something a user decides for himself, that the protocol facilitates if desired; not a requirement.
@_date: 2019-08-04 18:34:56
Consider that financial institutions are in the business of holding money and equities for people. Banks already know a great deal of people's spending habits, account balances, debts, and worth. When it comes to bitcoin, a great deal of the people who plan to sell some at any point in the future, also expect to re-introduce that money into the banking system.
It totally changes someone's privacy considerations to already not have privacy from banks and to be planning on future disclosures to those banks. What banks already know is also quite different than a random stranger or the public learning.
@_date: 2019-06-16 22:36:12


I agree with your first paragraph (not quoted) but why would we assume this detail? The type of user who is too ignorant to understand what they are doing and needs it simplified like this is the type of user who is not responsible enough to backup and secure their own keys (or indeed even understand what a key is!) The more you dumb something down the more custodial it has to be to protect the dumb.
People who want access to those fundamentals will always have the option. I think it is unreasonable to imagine the masses would opt for it by default; or that we're headed for a future where 90% of BTC isn't held custodially. That isn't true today and it probably never will be. It is reckless to entrust someone with his own keys if he doesn't even know they exist because they're automatically abstracted under three layers to show him a friend in a list on a brightly colored app on his phone.
@_date: 2019-06-05 06:11:32
You've replied this to several different comments, but provided no evidence of it. Everywhere else in the world, "network cost" and "network fee" and phrases like that, mean the transaction's miner fee. Please demonstrate why you think at Bitpay specifically they are charging an _additional second fee_ on top of the real transaction fee. Because this screenshot does not suggest or imply a second fee and I really don't understand why you think there is one.
@_date: 2019-10-05 08:31:48
It should be a standard practice to not have users _log into a fucking website_ to use a hardware wallet. Nonsensical design for a high-security device to involve a regular activity with a huge phishing vector.
@_date: 2019-10-15 16:36:46
Indeed, bit has been established as a synonym for μBTC for years.
@_date: 2019-02-25 16:31:07
Without seeing whatever proof they had that that those specific coins definitely came from the theft and were still in possession of the people who stole them, to me, it makes a dangerous precedence of the US government deciding coins in a certain output rightfully belong to whoever held them X transfers ago.
@_date: 2019-06-05 06:55:54
The reason I asked is because the last time I used Bitpay (and every other time before it, in fact) either there was no such fee or I did not notice and it was not shown to me. Thank you for showing me instead of just downvoting me for daring to ask for evidence of a strange claim.
@_date: 2019-02-18 14:55:17
They use a common wallet system for BTC and BCH. Check your deposit address for each coin and it'll be one and the same address. There's your answer why.
@_date: 2019-08-20 13:21:25
It's the other way around. Bills of $500 up to $10,000 existed for a long time, and circulated (as you may guess, quite infrequently), even though dollars had substantially more buying power at the time. If anything, it is funny that there were single banknotes that could buy houses. Large denominations were officially taken out of circulation about 50 years ago. Need is not a factor imo; this is part of an intentional process of controlling and limiting the movement of cash, and you will likely never see a newly issued $500+ note, short of a hyperinflation event.
@_date: 2017-11-15 03:08:22
Yeah, if your computer has been compromised, there are many possible attacks of that sort, and there is little you can do.
He's asking about the ad attack vector, and about that specifically, I say he is correct--that vector is neutralized for people who hide ads. However, there is still _no real reason_ not to just type in the URL yourself every time. Even if you have to perform a search on occasion to remember what that URL is. A habit of clicking links can fail in an unsafe way the very first time you forget that your ad blocker is turned off.
@_date: 2019-08-20 00:54:18
Maybe they'll add microprinting, watermarks, and UV security stripes to bitcoins by then, such that nobody will be able to tell whether your old bitcoins are real.
@_date: 2019-10-09 01:29:56
He's saying (and it's true) that different people get completely different top results.
What you personally see when you search for Bitcoin on Youtube, the screenshot you provided, is not what everyone else sees.
So if you think those look bad, don't be too concerned. Most outsiders are probably getting different, better-looking top results. You can help by watching/sharing the content you think is good to increase its views and popularity.
@_date: 2019-02-18 19:28:01
It's the same system they had going before the new address formats were an option, and it was a great idea at the time, and it still makes sense now. It prevents them from having to harvest coins sent to the wrong wallet. The cashaddr format converts directly to a legacy 1- or 3- address and back so it is not helpful in avoiding this issue. bc1- addresses would be.
I imagine from the perspective of their developers and security practices, when you are handling that many millions a day through a well-oiled machine, it's not broken and doesn't need fixed, and supporting both new formats really just means adding a 2nd btc wallet. I've kinda figured they'll go straight to bc1 addresses when it is reasonable to assume any software knows how to read the format. More to the point, it's really not anyone's place to tell them how to run their business, and definitely not anyone's place to decide whether a valid use of the bitcoin network is valid. Code is law, it's allowed. They will do what is most economical for them, not what is most efficient for the world. They will change things the moment it makes financial sense to. To understand this is to understand the entire reason bitcoin did not wantonly raise the block size.
@_date: 2019-02-07 21:46:46
The problem with this argument is that _any_ security algorithm that can be performed by an individual can also be performed at scale by a person or entity of more resources.
@_date: 2019-02-28 03:54:39
I'm confused; I was definitely using and transacting in bitcoin every day in 2015.
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:21:01
Any instruction you broadcast to the network to move one of the coins (1x vs 2x) is in turn a valid instruction to move the other coins identically. If the networks crosstalk in any way, or if any actor rebroadcasts transactions from one coin's memory pool to the other, these valid instructions will exist on both networks, and eventually be executed on both networks, barring congestion, fee issues, or other variables. That is a replay.
Splitting any coins involves playing musical chairs with the order of confirmations on the two networks until mutually exclusive confirmed states are achieved on both.
@_date: 2017-11-15 03:37:24
I heard he also dropped a piece of toast and had it land butter side up.
@_date: 2017-11-06 05:09:14
The IRS asks for dates, but not times. For mined coin, BTC income, and trades to/from alts, you're meant to pick and use one consistent source as the value of BTC. You could use an average for the day at a popular exchange serving your country. Or an average for the day, or even the specific time if available, as provided by crypto tax software. You just have to stick with whatever system you start with, and can't change it around to be more beneficial whenever it suits you. This is fairly well-established.
There is no well-established way to treat forks/airdrops yet, and you will hear varying opinions. I see them as passive events that happen in spite of a person's actions, as opposed to mining which is an active attempt at acquisition. So I treat airdrops logically as new acquisitions, received on the date of the fork/drop, with a zero cost basis. I then owe tax on the entire amount I sell the fork/airdrop for, and none until I sell it.
Some think that a fork or drop counts as a gain equivalent to the futures trading price of the new asset, at the moment of the drop. They prescribe claiming that gain, plus another gain or loss when the asset is sold. It seems reasonable, but to this idea I say, imagine an unsuccessful fork, that you are not aware of and do not act on, that only lasts a week before its network is abandoned: what gain or loss did you realize from that event? (We may very well be approaching one of these.) Imagine a person with BTC in cold storage, unaware of the BCH fork earlier this year, who hasn't acted on it yet: is he breaking the law at the end of the year by not claiming gains on his taxes from a fork he does not yet know exists? I think my method is the right way, because I do not save or pay any more or less tax, my accounting is simplified, and I can never be punished for inaction or ignorance of any fork or airdrop. Just know that I am not an expert, and the matter is very much unsettled as to whether a fork is a taxable event.
@_date: 2019-02-15 03:52:05
I haven't been following LN progress closely lately, and I'm curious about a few things that maybe you, or another current LN user, or someone into the LN architecture, can briefly explain to me.
Last I checked, to use LN (not custodially), one needed either to regularly go online, or trust a third party watchtower. There didn't seem to be any solo way to leave funds in a channel and go offline for several days without risking being stolen from. Now, is that still the case? If so, do you know if there are any current plans to improve how that works?
Do you happen to know what prevents an adversary from tricking a wallet or many wallets into sending or acting on out-of-sequence data, so that the adversary can penalty-claim funds in a channel, or simply cause havoc by mass-triggering others' software to activate the penalties?
I feel that I understand quite a bit of how the system works, but not why it was fashioned to work in these two ways. I reason this is Bitcoin, where consensus decides without uncertainty what the history is, and we can anchor anything to that regular consensus. Therefore I do not understand, why there is not a way to leverage this reference the main chain, to remove the requirement that you or a watchtower must be regularly online; because Bitcoin seems to be built around the concept of still being there when you come back to it weeks or years later.
And I do not understand why there is not a way to leverage consensus to eliminate the very idea of penalties, and to just ignore or revert invalid attempts at LN transactions based on bad states; because Bitcoin seems to be built around the concept that short-term uncertainty happens, and can be solved by requesting data; there is always a way to discover and verify whether you are in sync, and therefore you discard bad or invalid data, without making assumptions of malice, and without retaliating punitively.
I'd have very high hopes for a system that worked as I described, so I'd like to understand what I'm not seeing, or hear why what I'm describing is or is not possible to do on LN or on another second layer or smart-contract based system.
@_date: 2017-11-06 12:59:11
Mined coins are the same as receiving payment in a coin. They count as _income_ of the fair $ value of the coin, at the time received. (Your original post asked how to determined this value.) The amount $ claimed in income is your cost basis for the coin, what it was worth when you got it.
When you later sell the coin, you incur a capital gain or loss on the difference between your sale price and your cost basis. The gain is taxed at the lower long-term rate if held for more than a year before selling. But either way, mining involves claiming income at the time of mining, and a capital event when the coin is later sold.
If you mined a total of 1 btc in 2014 and it was worth $400 combined total at the time you mined it, you were supposed to have claimed that $400 of regular personal income in 2014. If you sell that coin this year, you'd incur long term capital gains on ($sale price) minus $400.
@_date: 2019-02-10 04:39:38
This is correct. Saying "spam" does not account for the 1000 sat/byte fees or the real urgency to spend hundreds to make tens of thousands.
Thank you for contributing this. I deal with the bitcoin fee market on a nearly daily basis, and have for years, and I'm tired of people arguing against what I saw myself. On top of all the normal traffic, hundreds of thousands of people were trying to buy and sell bitcoin, clean out old wallets and move them to exchanges, and everyone was in a complete hurry because the price was fluctuating by massive amounts. It made _sense_ to pay that much.
Real demand created a situation that exceeded the system's capacity at the time and made a fee market. There is a limit and it is possible to reach it and that is what happens when it is reached and there is still demand for urgency. We aren't going to improve these situations or solve any problems related to them if we deny the premise and claim spam.
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:29:28
With light wallets like electrum, it is overwhelmingly likely that you will have to connect to a specific node that is known to be either 1x or 2x, or at least check what that node thinks the current block height is, to have any guarantee of which of the two chains you are connected to and currently attempting to manipulate. Electrum will not show you all states at once, only the state of the node you are connected to.
The complication here is that 1x and 2x nodes will not necessarily make significant attempts not to talk to each other. The last time we had a situation where different parts of the network disagreed about the current chain was an accidental and unintentional fork in early 2013 that lasted a few hours. Things get really complicated when you can't tell which of multiple 'realities' you are connected to.
@_date: 2017-11-04 10:17:37
Awesome conclusion though. "If everything is a bubble, our definition of a bubble needs to change."
@_date: 2017-11-06 05:52:44
None. From the very start, Satoshi envisioned only miners and important players running constantly online nodes, with regular users only connecting and syncing when they wished to transact. Users do still have to download and verify information to sync.
@_date: 2017-11-03 07:46:42
You seem to know exactly what you're doing. You got everything right.


Perfect use case for a hardware wallet


It's that simple. And I know you'll back up your Trezor seed beforehand.


Definitely will work for individual private keys. Seeds will work in any wallet compatible with that format of seed.


Perfect strategy


Yeah, create a new one because the old one was just exposed to strange new BCH software.
@_date: 2017-11-13 22:51:41
You can fairly easily verify that the backlog is not the result of spam on several different charts and graphs. Take your pick of  or  to see that blocks per hour were 3-4, instead of the usual 6, for several days this weekend, as half of the miners mined another chain. fork.lol provides direct statistics, while using Johoe you can literally see the further spacing between blocks, Saturday vs today.
Demand for the network is not constant or spread out nicely over time and surges whenever there is price activity, news, etc. very easy to verify.
Because we run very close to max capacity as is, this 30% reduction in block time was enough to create a large backlog the moment there was a demand surge. Low-fee spam doesn't noticeably affect any transaction with a higher fee or make it take longer to clear. Miners process the most expensive transactions available to them, with few and small exceptions. There's 50MB of crap in the mempool under 10 sat/byte right now, but there often is; typically it is businesses and other wallet systems consolidating outputs for cheap, which requires no urgency. Please understand that the actual backlog, the source of the delay, consists of legitimate transactions. This has been happening rather the same way all year, even before aug 1st. Again, easily verified using Johoe's mempool viewer.
There are candidates in the mempool for actual spam that begin showing up today... several hundred KB of transactions offering 600+ sat/byte fees when 300-400 will suffice. But these could easily be legitimate user(s) with poor fee estimation algorithms in their wallet software. If you want to spam the mempool, that is really how you do it. You create a few MB of transactions at a certain level in a time of congestion, so that anyone in a hurry must pay higher than you. Bam, you've just bumped the fees up double. The rest of the users in a rush cause the problem to cascade on itself. The manipulation, if any is happening, is not where you think it is.
edit: fixed links
@_date: 2017-11-14 13:40:05
That depends which crypto you are describing, but yeah, plenty of cryptos have these issues. It bothers me that bitcoin is one such crypto and that we are years away from resolutions.
@_date: 2019-12-09 17:28:00


It's something you cannot do when entering your own address and making a typo.
I don't disagree that there are ways to make catastrophic errors in bitcoin. I still find it meaningful that this exact mistake in bitcoin would not have resulted in a loss.
@_date: 2017-11-07 23:28:46
Just note that the price of bitcoin is not a function of its difficulty to move around. (Yet?) We've never had a backlog long enough to actually cause that imo.
@_date: 2019-12-03 11:11:47
Gotcha. As another reply mentioned, there are a few different seed standards, a few different wallet types (legacy, etc), and a few different derivation options/numbers that can be entered when importing a seed; changing them will completely change what addresses are generated. I'm not sure if mycelium gives full choice of trying these different options, but that is what you'll need to do is try different options until you find your activity. If it asked you questions during import, you can try answering them differently and see if the result is different. A desktop wallet like electrum may be useful here, as I know it allows choice of trying all these methods.
@_date: 2019-12-03 11:00:06
What wallet software were you using in 2015 to where you have a 24 word seed from it? Different wallets may use slightly different parameters to derive keys from a seed. (Also, seeds and keys are not the same thing.)
@_date: 2019-02-25 15:28:20
They recovered 0.023% of the stolen funds. This article should not have been made, and is practically a lie.
It would be pathetic if they had recovered 100 times as much and were bragging about recovering 2.3% of them. This is 100x sadder.
@_date: 2019-06-13 22:48:19


This is now the second apparent reference I have seen to _the creation of a new payment token that is not bitcoin_ to pay for this service. This sounds at face value to be antithetical to Bitcoin, so I would like to understand what this is really about.
Is this proposal a sub-system with privacy/anonymity features added, derived directly from bitcoin locked up somewhere in some configuration 1:1, like Liquid, but with no trust required? Or is this proposal not bitcoin, straight up inflation / creation of value?
Is this proposal at all consistent with the way Bitcoin as a whole will have its privacy enhanced, and privacy-oriented options added as time goes on; as sort of a first step? Or is it a tangent, a somewhat hastily thought-up single-purpose token?
@_date: 2019-12-09 16:56:18
The article says the man entered his own, correct account and routing numbers, and got a sort code wrong. In bitcoin, this man would have just received his money anyway, because there is no arbitrary sort code.
Or, suppose he instead got a digit wrong and entered the incorrect account number. In bitcoin, this man would have gotten a call from the bank "hey you gave us an invalid address, probably made a typo, we're unable to send to it. Please come in and provide a valid one."
@_date: 2019-12-22 05:25:51
Each miner's earnings relate to how much of the network's total work they perform. Some miners stopping makes things more profitable for all others who continue. So the answer is a technical yes... for as long as Bitcoin has any value and people using it, some amount of miners must always be able to mine profitably from fees alone. The network just won't be secure if there aren't enough of them. (I'm not sure how to decide what "enough" is.) The network is as secure as the value of its rewards.
The question then is whether the subsidy shrinking will make less and less real value go to the miners, leading to fewer miners and insufficient security. The answer is also yes, unless the mining reward maintains a high value. For that to happen, either the price of Bitcoin must be high (and that still only helps while the subsidy exists), or transaction fees per block must be high. Higher fees per block require either a higher average transaction fee, or more on-chain transactions fitting into each block than do currently, for a much higher total reward.
So yes, Bitcoin will eventually run into a problem if it doesn't scale, if the capacity for fee-paying transactions does not increase. Much of the current development work has to do with increasing the data density of blocks.
@_date: 2019-04-11 04:17:58
I disagree, because not every transaction is a payment (op_return), and of those transactions that appear to be payments, there is no way to distinguish payments from users/entities consolidating or moving their own funds around. Why not call them transactions or on-chain transactions, as everyone always has; that is both simple enough, and accurate without being misleading in either direction.
@_date: 2019-04-14 15:21:25
You are asking whether you should knowingly lie on your taxes. You need an accountant or a tax attorney. You probably have some options you aren't seeing that will soften the blow. It's frustrating if you didn't budget for the tax you'd owe, but doing it right lets you sleep comfortably at night.
@_date: 2019-04-04 10:01:44
Bitcoin is a global secure timestamp server. A fundamental feature is that you can embed a hash of any data to later prove that data existed at that time, and has been unmodified since that time. This feature will not be removed.
Space is scarce and valuable and is priced accordingly. Bitcoin is permissionless. Spam is unsolicited messages. The concept does not apply. Bitcoin transactions are never "solicited" on the network itself. You cannot just call any valid transaction that you don't feel belongs "spam". You pay the fee, you push the transaction, period.
But as a thought experiment, pretend for a moment that you're right and that this is spam. Imagine it were to all stop. And imagine just 50% or 100% more people using Bitcoin instead. Imagine that the extra volume were to come from more users, instead of some bogeyman like veriblock that is more convenient to blame. Then what? What would you say then? Would we not have this exact same problem with 50% or 100% more users, even in the total absence of veriblock, komodo? Would we not have the same problem even if the minimum transaction fee was 10, 20, or 50 sat/byte? Why yes, yes we would. The math demonstrates it to be true.
We must deal with some of the negative consequences of limited block space if we are to enjoy any of the positives. This is what we decided we wanted. We must not look for some external reason to blame. Some people are trying to put this all on some external cause, but are ignoring that the amount of space used by that external, is smaller than the amount of space that will be used by real new users after just a few more increases in the popularity of Bitcoin. This is what layer 1 looks like with real demand before layer 2 can fully mitigate the demand.
@_date: 2017-11-12 18:54:38
Chains don't grow at the rate (max blocksize * new blocks per day) unless they're constantly running at max capacity, i.e. without much headroom to account for normal variance in block rate and transaction volume. A chain with headroom won't hit the maximum block size every block, but will have the power to accommodate an hour passing without a block, or a weekend of tx volume surge. I believe that's what they were going for, and it's normal.
@_date: 2019-04-21 04:26:54
Found one of the pipe-dreamers.
@_date: 2019-04-11 20:46:57
No; one of the interesting properties of bitcoin is that it is irreversible. Furthermore if he's receiving cash he's the one who's been sending bitcoin out. You'd best just have him cease the activity in the future, since what is done is done.
@_date: 2019-04-21 01:17:22


Why does it bother you to owe tax on earned income? Does not everyone else face income tax? Each sale that is a loss can in turn be counted against. You'd owe the tax the same way trading any other currency. I don't know what world you're used to living in where you can profit thousands on something and it's tax-free forever; certainly not the United States, where not even a retirement account affords such a privilege, only a delay in when the tax is taken.
What we're worried about is them making the laws actually unreasonable. They're the same as anything else now. They're a pain in the ass and we could streamline them, but they're not _unfair_ in some sick way. We're worried about them doing exactly that. The people who don't think it should be taxed are the total pipe-dreamers who want an abolition of all taxes anyway, who love to shitpost about how they don't pay their taxes and don't know how governments or society work.
@_date: 2019-04-14 13:35:33
I don't know that this is the best response here, because it assumes the veracity of the OP's claim. The most likely possibility is that the user got his computer/credentails compromised due to his own negligence. And if that's what happened, then it could have happened just as easily to funds he did not have on an exchange.
I think it's better to tell him to take his personal security more seriously, when control of his e-mail or API keys or computer by malware or security vulnerabilities equals control of a large amount of money, than default to assuming a top ten exchange selectively scammed him for half a coin.
@_date: 2019-04-13 20:58:01
Sending 10,000 payments on the LN is cheap, that's not the problem. Until a way to open multiple channels in one transaction exists, the prospect of opening all those channels with any user who doesn't have one established already, costs the fee of one on-chain transaction per user. A second one if the user wants to take the coin off the LN.
@_date: 2019-04-08 17:32:58


If I had to pick the single strongest reason I don't believe you (and there are many, this type of story is far more common than it should be), it's this part.
On the off chance that you are telling the truth, and you were given private keys with bitcoin in them on a thumb drive, and never moved them: the guy who sold you the coin knew those keys too, and most likely kept a copy of them, took the coins back, and you 'owned' them for all of an hour, week, or month. I'd rather never know than recover the thing to find it empty.
Regardless of this story being real or not, there's a moral here about not giving up on life because of what could have been, and always looking forward to the future instead of dwelling on the past. If you can make it through that, you can make it through anything. And for all you know, you never had them to begin with. Ever watched _The Maltese Falcon_?
@_date: 2017-04-26 01:41:53
There is a vast underground network of people performing Amazon gift card scams, and you risk involving yourself anytime you buy an Amazon gift card for BTC. The ones being sold on LocalBitcoins at deep discount are the same type of deal. I haven't been able to figure out exactly how the racket works, and whether Amazon or the credit card companies are eating all the costs, but it involves either fraudulent purchase or charge-back. In any case, the result is thousands of Amazon gift cards trading hands on the deep web, often for 40-50% off face value, with the understanding and expectation that they will be charged back or invalidated shortly after sale.
As a buyer, you should let others get their hands dirty messing around with these cards, and just buy the products you want directly from Purse, or somewhere else that abstracts the risk of the gift card away from you. (Why do you think the fulfillers jump at the chance to fulfill your Purse orders for 20% off? They're profiting. They're handling the issue and risk of making new Amazon accounts constantly, as they spend these fraudulent gift cards, and taking their cut for it.)
@_date: 2018-11-01 12:49:51
Little details of your story change or newly appear every time you post it. Binance's story hasn't changed or grown tumors over time like yours has. They've consistently claimed that you are distorting the truth. They've consistently claimed that the screenshots you have posted, of your correspondence with them, were heavily altered/edited by you, and do not represent the actual messages. I notice you finally gave up on including those like you normally do, and I don't wonder why.
Sorry, but I don't believe you, and nothing you can share publicly could ever change that. Every little new piece of information you give just convinces me more and more that you are omitting all the relevant parts that make this obviously your fault. I bet you initially gave them a false identity, or otherwise lied to them, and now it's biting you in the ass, because you can't prove you're someone you're not. Maybe you're even a criminal! Who knows? You certainly wouldn't admit it if you were. These threads cannot help you legally, and they do not help you in the court of public opinion either.
Everyone is aware of how many billion dollars of scams, lies, theft, phishing, and impersonation happen in crypto each year. But somehow, nobody who got their account frozen, anywhere, ever did anything wrong, and it's always a big misunderstanding, always a rich company stealing from some innocent hardworking guy. And somehow, the best course of action for you is publicizing the hell out of it, something no lawyer would ever advise. Yeah, no. You get away with claiming it, because the company can't call your bullshit in public for both PR and legal reasons.
@_date: 2018-11-22 09:39:37
"There's always escrow." You know, I thought about this for a minute, and it doesn't make sense. This sentiment comes up in this type of thread, every time. Like it's the most common thing in the world. Like there are well-known, well-trusted and widely used bitcoin escrow companies and services.
_Don't trust a store accepting bitcoin? No problem, hit us up, we work with every bitcoin-accepting merchant around to hold the money until they send the goods!_ Sound familiar? Didn't think so. To my memory I've never seen such a service or heard of anyone using one. The closest we get to escrows in crypto is places like localbitcoins and purse, which function as escrows for transactions with other individuals; you're effectively trusting the greater business with your money. There's no place that will simply escrow your payment to a freestanding business or merchant you don't trust. Bitcoin has no universal Visa equivalent. I suppose Coinbase or Bitpay payment processing gets vaguely into the realm.
In six years active in this space, I don't think there's much I've missed entirely. So am I forgetting something, or just stoned or something, and does what I described exist? Or is "use an escrow" actually a non-viable hand-wave of an answer?
@_date: 2019-01-24 14:51:00
Given current and projected segwit transaction percentages, what is the approximate ceiling on tx/day? Trying to see how close it is.
@_date: 2018-03-14 19:53:21
Necessary is subjective. Network demand at peak times is a large multiple of normal network demand. Operating at or near max capacity constantly is an indicator to many that _more room_ is likely required. I look forward to us getting there again because it implies growth.
These things will be implemented, especially block size scaling, when all the approaches are performed and we still find we need _more room_. The subtlety of the argument, I think, is that _more room_ doesn't just come from bigger blocks (an argument for block scaling later), and that changes can't happen instantly so they must be prepared for well in advance (an argument for block scaling sooner).
@_date: 2019-01-24 15:51:31


Well, I'm rather specifically talking about layer 1 transactions. In my experience people tend to avoid doing things the more efficient way until it becomes the most attractive option, so I'm trying to gauge where that'll be.
@_date: 2019-01-11 05:10:04


I don't see the part where you made each structure contain a hash of all the previous structures and then used it to resolve byzantine uncertainty.
@_date: 2019-01-29 19:29:44
Are you the man that u/LTSarc suspects you are, or is that man just having the same identical problem as you right now?
@_date: 2018-03-08 09:07:15
BTC long ago left that address. Expand the splits and follow one of your choice for several dozen iterations. It becomes clear at some point that you're looking at coin which moved into circulation elsewhere. One cannot follow all the outputs and decide definitively which of them must belong to the thief and which of them belong to others who since received the coins. Perhaps a specific address can be blacklisted with certainty, but not any points beyond it.
Also note that this ties in to why [there no concept of "from" in Bitcoin](
@_date: 2018-11-01 14:12:07
Exchanges are required to follow the fraud and criminal reporting laws of the country they operate from. There isn't a financial institution on earth that, upon discovering you gave a false identity as verification, will just casually let you withdraw millions before resolving the situation. Fishy things with a big account is the definition of red flag suspicious activity. Why should _that_ be different because bitcoin is involved? Do you think Binance is not being advised by lawyers?
@_date: 2019-01-10 14:11:14
Such a proposal makes some invalid assumptions about how Bitcoin works, and the nature of addresses. The Bitcoin wiki pages on Address and Address Reuse partially explain the problem. Such a service requires either address reuse, or users providing an inventory of information to the service (numerous currently unused addresses). Both methods destroy privacy in their own way. It's been done many times, and never taken off.
@_date: 2019-01-24 15:56:13
Yeah, it's not so simple though, because more segwit transactions fit in a block, so the ceiling has increased some, now that about half of tx spend segwit outputs. I don't think we're very close to the ceiling, but I don't think we're particularly far from it either (if you expect tx/day to continue to increase as it historically has).
@_date: 2017-09-23 08:16:52
A wise deduction. You have accurately described the basics of how all coin mixing works.
We can further generalize what mixing accomplishes by observing that at every single juncture in which BTC leaves one (or more) address(es) and enters two (or more) different new ones, it can potentially become difficult to tell which outputs were the payment and which were the change. Certain user behaviors (multiple change addresses per transaction, coordinated 3rd party mixing) can maximize this uncertainty, and certain other user behaviors (address re-use) can minimize it.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:29:18


Could someone explain to me why this is not an indication that we have taken multiple steps backward and undermined the solution to the Byzantine Generals problem. The beauty of the Bitcoin network is that any peer can try to lie to you at the moment you sync, and you know you have not been lied to once the incoming flow of new blocks speaks for itself and proves itself (by being built on the previous data, and by being unable to be spoofed in such a short amount of real time). It's why Bitcoin works. I'm trying to understand how the LN is going to work without this critical inherent property, or without a fully implemented analogous state verification system.
@_date: 2017-09-17 23:01:47
What you call "trade" is considered a transaction that counts towards net capital gain or loss by the IRS, even if it's to another kind of crypto. That is precisely why it would be nice to have a bill that eliminates small transactions from counting. So that yes, we owe tax when we make a grand on an altcoin flip, but not when we buy a gaming keyboard on amazon, or sell a beginner his first $50 of btc.
If you got a car for $1k, and later it appreciated to $3k (which doesnt often happen with cars, but it's your analogy), and you then traded it for a car also worth $3k, you're up $2k in cap gains from that trade. Like it or not, currency has nothing to do with it.
@_date: 2017-10-28 20:22:13


Ah, I spoke to that a few messages above. I believe that nobody can:


It's an example that will never happen in the real world, but it is a good one. If 100% of miners collude (come to a unanimous consensus that non-mining nodes disagree with) to modify future validation rules, it just works. It works in an ugly and disruptive way with economic consequences, but it works.
Not all nodes would reject the blocks. Miners are operating nodes themselves, which would accept their new validation rules. When the first block is mined which breaks validation compatibility, and miners continue to build a chain atop it, the miners' nodes would continue to be the network. At the same time, non-mining nodes would begin to reject all subsequent new blocks, causing conflict and multiple states in the network. (Hard forks are serious business if less than damn near everyone has upgraded.)
You seem a bit skeptical about what I think would happen next. Non-mining nodes would have a Hobson's choice between updating to accept the new consensus rules, or never validating another block or seeing the present state of the ledger again. The third (and absurd, as you agree) option involves starting fresh on the hashpower front with a PoW change.
@_date: 2017-09-23 07:34:07
Consider the real life scenario of breaking a large banknote such as a $100 bill to spend part of it. The banknote has to leave your pocket for a moment, even though change is coming right back. BTC transactions work the same way.
Imagine you receive a transfer of 1 BTC to a new address in your wallet. For the sake of example, suppose "1Example" is the address. Cool, so you've got 1 BTC in address "1Example" in your wallet.
Imagine you now want to send 0.1 BTC to your best friend's address, which happens to be "1Friend". Well, the Bitcoin network does not provide a way to spend only 0.1 out of the 1 BTC in your "1Example" address. The entire 1 BTC must be sent _somewhere_ in the transaction. "Somewhere" is allowed to be the same address it came from. So...
In a *good wallet*, your one transaction sends 0.1 BTC to "1Friend", and sends your remaining 0.9 BTC of change to a new, unused address in your wallet. Suppose it is called "1Change".
In a *wallet that re-uses addresses*, your one transaction sends 0.1 BTC to "1Friend", and sends your remaining 0.9 BTC of change right back into "1Example".
Follow so far? Imagine now, "1Friend" received his 0.1 BTC and it's complete. You now want to send BTC to another one of your friends, and his address is "1AnotherFriend".
In the *good wallet*, your 0.9 BTC is currently in the address "1Change". "1AnotherFriend" will be paid from "1Change". The change from that transaction will enter yet another new, unused change address, "1MoreChange", and so on, with no address ever being used twice.
In the *wallet that re-uses addresses*, your 0.9 BTC is still in the address "1Example". "1AnotherFriend" will also be paid from "1Example". The change from that transaction will re-enter "1Example" yet another time.
This topic is about why it matters. The difference is that with the good wallet, nobody can look at the public record and confirm that a single entity sent money to both of your friends. They were paid from different addresses at different times, and so not necessarily paid by the same common source. But in the wallet that re-uses addresses, everyone you ever send a transaction to using "1Example" is directly linked as having definitely received BTC from the same address (and therefore, from the same individual or entity).
@_date: 2017-09-22 13:20:58
First questions, yes, wallets handle it for you.
Sweeping questions: sweeping is the process of getting funds that may not be secure, backed up, or in your sole control, into secure addresses you control. It's mostly for when you migrate to a new wallet, or unusual situations where you are importing a private key (i.e. spending a paper wallet).
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:19:04
You are correct. I wanted to provide the "story" as to why they say he has a million coins, and why we can't see them all in one place. I gave that link in a reply, but should have dug it up and given it in the post directly.
@_date: 2017-10-01 14:33:01
They still could do it as a one-off, and I'd love to see that happen and totally undermine and preempt this 2x power grab crap. Near as I can tell, absolutely everyone would win.
But such an update is considered forbidden or rushed etc etc, because among other things, it would be incompatible with previous versions, and some people might not update in time. Maybe that was a reasonable concern years ago, but now, ironically thanks to the BCH ruckus, there isn't a miner around unaware of the climate and situation. There's never been a better time to push an update and expect 99%+ of miners to support it within 6 weeks.
Of course the issue is much more complex than this, bleh.
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:04:01
I always thought that block of 200,000 btc that was "found" was in fact part of your personal savings, a "sorry for this happening, I'm putting my own money where my mouth was". The reason? There's old bitcointalk threads far predating the event, where other people declared your personal BTC pile as being 200,000 coins.
Maybe it's hearsay, and I figure you're gonna go with "it was Gox's cold storage" either way, but if that _was_ your pile, you are an honorable man indeed for giving that up after your mistakes to try to make everyone more whole.
@_date: 2017-10-27 09:03:33
The universe doesn't deal in possible and impossible, only probabilities.
You can even do the math to show that by a certain point, it will be unbelievably unlikely that we _haven't_ reused a key. Boundaries above the lifespan of the human race are sufficiently high for certain applications.
@_date: 2017-09-30 12:31:57
I tracked the progress every day on coin.dance. UASF may have set things in motion, but BIP91 is quite literally what got miners up from the long stagnation of ~30% signalling to &gt;95% signalling for segwit to lock it in.
BIP91 was miners agreeing, if a certain threshold was reached, to begin rejecting blocks that didn't signal to activate segwit. Once the threshold was reached and enforcement began, 100% of subsequent blocks signalled for segwit, and segwit was activated within the next activation period.
You are welcome to interpret this as a face-saving move that the mining community performed to preempt the UASF. I did not comment on that. Preempt it it did. BIP91 is how segwit was activated, and there was ultimately no user enforcement of anything. That's all I said. Don't take my word for it:
@_date: 2017-09-17 23:28:09
Out of 'secure', 'decentralized', 'scales massively', and 'exists today production-ready', no one can choose all four.
Every existing coin would have a fee crisis if the majority of crypto users made it their preferred coin... except the ones that would simply have a security or throughput crisis instead.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:58:32
Fee congestion isn't a result of the price, but of volume of use. Fees should not be an issue if we scale at an appropriate pace. The price volatility will be larger in dollars but smaller in percentage.
@_date: 2017-10-31 00:04:49
As others have mentioned, we hear about this malware a great deal, but it's almost mythical. We don't get to figure out specifically what it is, or the vector of infection.
It will help the community as a whole if you can find out more instead of just wiping it. I'll gladly give you a few mBTC if you determine with certainty what the malware file(s) is/are, and how it came to be installed, and tell the community. Finding the files also means you can submit them to virus databases (but please don't share them with us).
If you figure it out, send me a PM after you've done all that and posted about it.
edit: and, done. He figured it out. Link's in OP.
@_date: 2017-10-28 21:33:39
Right. We created a pet example to discuss what happens at the limits, and how they could do whatever they pleased if there weren't strong financial incentives against it.
That wasn't the point. The point is that the miners decide what the consensus rules are. Bitcoin needs a stream of new blocks to work; miners are the only nodes who add blocks to the chain; and the power relationship is that the miners decide what is valid, by deciding what previous blocks to build on. We have _influence_ over miners, and they would have to massively coordinate, as well as face financial ruin, to do anything about it. Indeed, perhaps there is nothing they can do about it in the real world. But they still are in total control of the rules, on a technical level, being the builders of the chain. That was my point.
This really shouldn't be such a contested relationship. Think about it in any other situation. Readers have _influence_ over what publishers release because they will quickly stop reading/purchasing consistently poor content. But the readers, being just readers, don't literally decide what is created or write the content; that's still the publisher's domain.
@_date: 2017-10-27 08:49:52
You're exactly right.
However... it should be noted that on some oddly designed exchanges, like EtherDelta, absolutely none of these checks exist, it works exactly as nagemasu says, and people occasionally make 10x, 100x and 1000x errors. So while that is the exception and not the rule, there do exist places where this trick is a few misclicks away from working.
@_date: 2018-03-15 19:16:28
The majority of Bitcoin users have never used anything but a lightweight client with these properties already, so, you be the judge.
@_date: 2017-10-29 15:53:17


This is true (great post btw), but it does make me imagine the executive officers of a company with 5,000 workers saying "oh, we can function if everyone goes on strike simultaneously". Workers are replaceable, but it's also not an easy task to replace an entire highly specialized work force suddenly and unexpectedly. At a minimum, there would be headaches and chaos for a while. With Bitcoin, hard modifications would be required. I think that, like evil company overlords, we mostly rely on it being a hard and risky bluff for the work force to coordinate and call in such a super-majority.
@_date: 2017-10-10 18:28:06
Ryan, you should apply to join the S2X dev team.
@_date: 2017-10-30 01:05:20
Agree, he doesn't count in the spirit of the thread. Track was just too cool not to share.
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:01:13
Your statements are correct.
Re: serial numbers: no. Coin can be roughly followed, but the units are fungible, and are only grouped into inputs and outputs. Inputs to a transaction are simply the spent coins, while outputs go to the addresses receiving the coins.
An address's full balance can be made up of one or more outputs or "pieces". For example, send 1btc to a fresh address, now it contains one unspent output totalling 1btc. Later, send 1btc more to that same address, and it now contains 2btc, in two different 1btc outputs or "pieces". Send it all to a new address in a single transaction, and now in that new address, it's morphed back into one 2btc "piece".
When btc is spent from an address, what technically happens is that one or more of the available outputs of the address is spent in full; the change, if any, must either be sent back to the originating address, to a fresh change address. The difference between the total inputs and outputs becomes the fee the miner receives. The total size of the transaction's data is related to how many total inputs and outputs the transaction uses, since each must be included.
@_date: 2017-10-04 17:30:36
It's set in stone at the moment. The system is natively in satoshis. However, this is viable up to and beyond $1MM/btc.
The key sizes and hash functions we use now are also set in stone, and we'll still be able to change them in time for the quantum computing threat several decades from now. Nothing is forever-permanent with software if it becomes necessary to change and consensus agrees.
@_date: 2017-10-17 22:14:00
Close. In the US, you owe tax on a crypto when you spend it. This includes buying things, converting to fiat, or converting to other cryptos.
Buying or selling any amount of crypto currently requires no declaration and will encounter no issue or questions. Selling it means you owe tax at the end of the year. There's no getting flagged or stopped or persecuted involved.
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:39:51
I'm not trying to win an argument, just trying to help you not get in tax trouble. You can go to google and search "bitcoin tax site:reddit.com" and find hundreds of other people who made the same honest misunderstanding you did, and the CPAs correcting them. Or, you can leave off the "reddit.com" part and you'll find comprehensive stuff like [this]( which makes it crystal clear.
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:17:56
This is not correct. Please consult a search engine if you believe trades or barter are not taxable.
@_date: 2017-10-15 14:35:50
Gold's done [pretty well]( in the last two decades against fiat money. Not the worst investment. I don't think its value has anything to do with it surviving an apocalypse, though. Do gold holders really think that?
@_date: 2017-10-28 15:04:28
Imagine a situation where nearly 100% of miners reach consensus over a short period of time, and agree to begin to use different validation rules for blocks, or add a new script operation. Sometimes the change is smoothly backwards compatible and other times it is not. Some non-mining nodes update to be compatible, and others do not. What happens in this situation to the ones who do not? These non-mining nodes eventually isolate themselves from the network when they drift enough in version. Once they begin to receive data they don't understand or can't validate, they will be perpetually waiting for the next valid block that never comes, disagreeing with other nodes about the current block height, and no longer effectively contributing to the network.
But now, realize that what I just described was not a fork scenario, but instead a regular, non-contentious update of Bitcoin... something which has already happened many times in Bitcoin's history. But that's how the process works for this protocol, with or without contention. The majority of mining nodes decide any PoW network's consensus rules for new blocks. It's how PoW works. It's how and why Bitcoin works. Every single block in the chain is literally the imposed will of the majority of currently mining nodes. If the ones creating the blocks were not the ones in _total control_ of the network's rules, there would be no talk of a PoW change in the first place.
@_date: 2017-10-15 06:04:16
Yep, emission rate halves every 210,000 blocks, then goes to zero after 32 halvings. When you do the math it's like 0.02 less than 21 million.
@_date: 2017-10-28 22:01:58
I chose poor phrasing. We don't know what his intentions were.
The machine mined every single one of the first N blocks, and appeared to mine virtually continuously for a year, except for downtime when rebooted. This machine was not the only node for very long at all, and would have been fine to occasionally reboot. We can speculate that the purpose of this machine was to help ensure the network always had at least one online node, or always had at least one CPU's power mining for the network, but we will never know.
@_date: 2017-10-30 09:59:17
Yes. [This is how long you have]( before the fork. Plenty of time.
@_date: 2017-10-18 20:18:51
If you cannot prove what you paid for it, it may be treated as though you paid $0 for it, and taxed on the entire sale instead of just the profits. The purpose of tracking what you paid is to reduce your tax burden. The burden is on you to show what you paid for it.
OP shouldn't care, because he can use a $0 cost basis and will only owe 0.01% more than if he can prove he paid (a few dollars or less each) for the coins.
@_date: 2017-10-31 01:21:52
Interesting. I don't exactly want to try it out myself, so I want to ask, what makes you sure that it was installed along with this software?
@_date: 2017-10-30 09:04:40
Thinking ~400k subscribed accounts are active and unique is like thinking ~400k addresses with 1 or more BTC indicates that 400k unique people own 1 or more BTC. There's a lot of us, but the all time total exaggerates.
@_date: 2017-09-30 11:41:15
BIP91's miner-side peer pressure was ultimately how segwit was activated. There was no UASF, only nodes pledging to enforce it. Since miners activated segwit before the deadline, we learned very little about the direct power of users.
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:02:36
But who provides blocks to satisfy the non-mining nodes if ALL mining nodes agree to a change? Nobody. Zero blocks are made to that criteria. Meanwhile, the network moves on and follows the miners, because it has no other choice.
In practice, changes are gradually agreed to, and enacted at a time when a super-majority achieve consensus. Large and diverse groups do not entirely decide to do something instantly. But that is what would happen if they ALL changed -- you'd be left behind.
Understand that Bitcoin's solution to the uncertainty problem / Byzantine General problem is derived from the fact that you can connect to the network for a period of time, and in that time receive several new blocks. The data in these blocks was sufficiently difficult to forge in this amount of real time as to give you certainty about it. It's one thing to connect to what you think is the network, download up to what you think is the latest block history, and self-validate it successfully. You don't obtain proof that the information is the real, consensus ledger of Bitcoin until you have been online long enough to receive newly generated blocks in real time which continue to correctly reference your validated history of all previous blocks. Bitcoin works because you're not required to trust that the information you are receiving is correct, but this means more than just validating signatures. It requires the influx of regular new blocks. This is a fundamental that seems to be largely misunderstood.
@_date: 2017-10-17 07:55:15
No, he is talking specifically about the blockchain.info browser-based wallet service. Browser-based wallets are bad news for a number of reasons, even if the wallet's website and code is honest and secure.
The website also includes a popular transaction/address explorer and there's nothing wrong with that.
@_date: 2017-10-30 00:28:45
People have been rapping about BTC [since at least 2013](
Now there's a dude who knew what was up.
@_date: 2017-10-29 16:12:16
There's people doing this at a much larger scale; look up the Large Bitcoin Collider. They're going in order instead of randomly. Every one of the first 2^50 private keys has been tested, and they've got serious hashpower testing as efficiently as possible as a pool, and they'll still never make it to 1% of the keyspace, since each new power of 2 takes as long to scan as the entire previous scans combined.
The only keys they've found with any BTC in them were the intentionally insecure private keys used in a particular transaction made to test exactly this, known as the puzzle transaction.
@_date: 2017-10-28 21:46:43
Well said. I think we're on the same page. It's subtle but important that the different roles in the Bitcoin ecosystem have different direct powers and indirect leverage.
@_date: 2017-09-19 10:32:38
Satoshi envisioned renaming the mBTC as the BTC when it came to this point. We just have to move the already arbitrarily positioned decimal point.
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:05:06
You make a great argument for BTC to have substantially higher throughput capacity than we expect to encounter on the average day, to be able to handle bursts like this without fees exploding.
@_date: 2017-10-28 16:47:02


The _direct_ reason one miner does not do this is because the other miners would not consider his block valid or build upon it. If _all_ other miners accepted it, he would have no problem doing just that. Again, strictly speaking, he does not care what you think, if you are not participating in extending the chain. He cares whether or not the people building the chain agree that his contribution is part of the chain.
Non-mining nodes just duplicate the validation the mining nodes are performing. As a whole, mining and non-mining nodes alike enforce consensus through validation. But each individual validation is not performed for this altruistic reason, but rather so that an individual node can be certain itself of the recent state of the network.
If nearly every miner agrees to trigger a change, then it does happen. But it has to be a consensus, not the actions of one or a few. Non-mining nodes do not trigger changes. They only check that data received adheres to the rules they are programmed to accept.
@_date: 2017-10-03 10:23:53
Coin age priority doesn't matter anymore. They changed that years ago. The vast majority of miners now require a minimum fee of 1 sat/byte to even consider your transaction, and will skip it, even with an empty mempool, if it is below that threshold or zero-fee.
Lately, a priority fee for next-block service varies from 20-120 satoshis per byte. In times of low congestion, 5 sat/byte and lower transactions clear. Send the transaction with a fee of 1 to 5 sat/byte and the option to replace by fee, and hope it clears. Replace as needed. Right now's a great time, very low congestion, won't cost much. But, I am sorry to say that a large (in bytes) zero-fee transaction is a pipe dream in 2017.
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:11:12
Oops, the number I gave was from a very old and inaccurate Bitcointalk post. For some reason 980,000 stuck in my head. The actual number does appear to be higher. [Dug up a source](
@_date: 2017-10-16 00:45:00
I totally agree with this. And I totally disagree with the 2x method of updating, for this very reason. I also believe that the current bottleneck is largely a result of the very long delay of the segwit update activation, and that we would otherwise be on a smoother pace, and not already slamming into max capacity whenever there is high traffic.
In fact, the only thing I don't see is why the solution talk has to be primarily layer 2, and I wish we were doing more to try to scale bitcoin on-chain too. I want to see every angle hit, and if that's already happening, I wish we were talking _way_ more about all of it, and way more about what's in development other than LN, way more often. Because it's all interesting, it's all exciting and it all matters and helps. I'm excited about Schnorr signatures for this reason, the space they'd save on-chain.
But, for example, I happened to notice the BCH guys are testing a fast-relay system I don't fully understand, whereby miners don't have to send an entire block's contents to prove they mined it, apparently greatly reducing the orphan rate and some burst bandwidth rates, and saving some overall network bandwidth. And I thought, isn't that an incredible improvement potential for us? Why aren't we looking into how that would work with BTC? Or if we are, or even if we thought about it and decided it didnt work for (reasons), why don't we discuss stuff like that? All the progress and development in the works, and then some.
@_date: 2017-10-30 08:55:32
But if you pay off even half of the card, your stop loss for the same hit can be much lower (as well as your future interest payments). And if you pay it all off, you need no stop loss, and it is impossible to take any debt hit.
@_date: 2017-10-19 14:10:51
Maybe don't get bent out of shape at people abbreviating "blue paint" as "bpaint" in a topic about a website that's been calling blue paint "red paint" and "the closest thing to the original vision of red paint". You're offended by the finer points of an abbreviation. We're offended by boldfaced lies.
@_date: 2017-09-24 08:50:00
Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies are not like anything else. They are difficult to explain correctly, even with analogies. The explanation cannot be dumbed down or oversimplified without causing massive problems or removing some of the inherent advantages of crypto. We already have two different Bitcoin subs and a minority fork thanks to all the people who think network scaling issues and chain security can be oversimplified without consequence.
Please just stop thinking that it is an option to lie to beginners to make it simpler. Coinbase and many other companies have long been trying to make crypto as beginner-friendly as possible. Beginner-friendly doesn't mean hiding fundamentals to the point of lying by omission.
@_date: 2017-10-31 01:30:24
Thanks. Are you confident that you downloaded your copy from sourceforge as opposed to another server, i.e. the version on there is the bad one?
@_date: 2017-10-28 18:46:35
I did not say that _miners_ are provided blocks. I did say that _nodes_ were provided blocks. Which is exactly what you've quoted me saying. Who is creating and providing new blocks to your node, if your node disagrees with the validity of the new blocks that 100% of the miners are outputting? 0% of the miners. Nobody. Several ways of saying the same thing.
I'm a programmer who's been in the Bitcoin community for five years. I do not particularly appreciate being spoken to as though I don't understand the basics. I took the time to explain my beliefs in detail. You've misread the first sentence and explained a Bitcoin 101 concept. Are you unable to respond to or contest the meat of what I said?
@_date: 2017-09-22 14:34:59
Yes, the exact amount of BTC the blockchain thinks is associated with an address, IS what is in that address, period. To be online and synced is to have total consensus between the network and your wallet, and know exactly what is in your addresses.
Modern wallets do not re-use addresses. They will provide you a fresh address every time you want to receive BTC, and they will always send the change from every transaction to a fresh address. In 2017, you have to intentionally instruct a wallet to re-use an address to cause such undesirable behavior.
Sweep has a specific meaning, related to the uncommon situation of importing an old wallet's contents into a new wallet. It does not make sense to use "sweep" in this context. Sweeping keys is for after you do something unsafe with them. Normal use of a wallet is not unsafe and does not expose keys.
@_date: 2019-09-05 14:02:43
No meaningful information can be gained from knowing that BTC has only ever been worth &gt; $x for y% of its existence. Always an imaginary world in these types of articles, where someone had equal odds of buying in 2010 as in 2017, and where no one has ever spent BTC at a loss.
@_date: 2017-10-19 02:31:55
So many people get these details wrong when making up stories. Other day someone was insisting he mined in early 2010, "when dogecoin came out". It's like holy sh*t, at least _try_.
@_date: 2017-10-15 23:55:33
At the moment, the memory pool is very small, so a very low fee will work either way. I sent a non-segwit transaction several hours ago with a 2000 sat fee (10 cents) that confirmed next block. I'm not familiar with ledger, can you manually override the fee suggestions?
@_date: 2017-10-28 14:14:56
Other than coins sent to a few of the earliest users as demonstrations, all of the coins "mined by satoshi" remain in their original, individual addresses. About 20,000 addresses, each containing 50 btc, which has never moved or been concentrated. That's why you will never see them on any rich list of single addresses.
"mined by satoshi" means: We are able to identify that a single computer, running a unique build of the software, mined ~20,000 of the early blocks (including all of the very first blocks). If I remember correctly, we know this in part because the machine was regularly rebooted every several days, and the blocks it solved included data related to how many seconds the computer had been online. We don't know whether this was intentional, but it has allowed us to see through data analysis that a single machine, operated by satoshi, mined some ~980,000 btc in the first ~year of the network's existence.
Satoshi would be very foolish to move or spend the coins from any of these ~20,000 addresses. It would attract much attention, and he would lose his anonymity in any attempt to spend them. It is possible that he was aware of this all along, and never kept the private keys to any coins mined on this machine beyond a reboot.
Anyway, there is no reason to believe that satoshi performed no other mining aside from this single machine. This machine was simply the one always-on computer that secured the network in its very earliest days. I would be amazed if satoshi had no coins himself. I do not consider these ~980,000 coins to be his, per se. Apologies if my numbers are off slightly.
@_date: 2019-09-05 16:28:52
They leak your seed. Your seed is secure because it is generated using entropy. If you go ahead and give the secret away, you've bypassed the foundation of randomness that was protecting your coins, and depending entirely on a human-selected passphrase. That is what I meant. Sorry if I misspoke. By all means, pretend to not understand me. I am quite aware of what entropy is. Just as you are quite aware that the  point of a hardware wallet is to protect your seed and not reveal it. Trezor and Keepkey objectively fail at this. I do not understand why people still use them, let alone recommend them. They are a liability if lost or if physically accessed unbeknownst to you. They are missing the redundant security measures they were created, advertised, and sold as having. I am tired of watching people handwave and downplay this.
@_date: 2019-09-15 11:53:01
When people talk about diversification to reduce risk, they don't mean within the same asset class. Holding many cryptos is not diversification.
@_date: 2017-10-30 09:28:51
You don't have to store all your bitcoin in one address. Store it in a dozen addresses. That's a dozen different private keys. If you are the unluckiest man who ever lived, and some superhuman brute forces one of your private keys, you will lose only 1/12 of your coin. Or, heck, use even more than 12 addresses... go nuts, within reason. Your one wallet can hold millions of addresses and it's designed for this task.
No one is ever brute forcing your seed, which is much bigger than a private key.
@_date: 2019-09-05 14:13:22
Yeah, no, this is a bullshit answer. "Oh, the entire natural entropy of the wallet seed is no good if anyone ever physically accesses it, but it's fine if you add your own entropy, which you should be doing anyway." I'll take the hw wallet that's not confirmed to not do the primary job it's supposed to (never leaking any of my entropy), thanks.
It's like saying you wouldn't use windows over linux if linux had a gaping, unfixable security vulnerability
@_date: 2017-10-03 10:15:13
One option you have is to grab a bch light wallet like [electron cash]( export the private keys from core that the 2 btc was stored in, import them into the bch wallet, and spend the 2 bch.
You just need to know what address(es) in your core wallet held btc at the time of the fork. On the console, the command is dumpprivkey &lt;address&gt;. Electrum (Electron cash is an electrum fork) lets you import raw private keys into a wallet from the menu, after which they can be spent. It goes without saying, do not reuse an address after you've played around with its private key.
@_date: 2019-09-19 11:57:05
It's a pointless but amusing [running joke](
@_date: 2019-09-05 16:40:40


I agree. The fact that any hw wallet can have serious unknown vulnerabilities does not itself justify recommending a hw wallet with serious known and unfixable vulnerabilities.
@_date: 2017-10-28 16:09:00
Thank you for your reply; however I don't understand this argument. Non-mining nodes accept blocks, validate them, and propagate blocks they consider valid. Mining nodes create the blocks according to the rules the other miners are following. Strictly speaking, a miner only cares if other miners consider his block valid. Non-mining nodes that disagree with the current state of the majority of the network are no longer "the rest of the network". "The rest of the network" is the majority of miners on the network.
For what it's worth, I'm against segwit2x for a number of reasons, and my questioning has nothing to do with politics. I've simply never been convinced that non-mining nodes have any power. However we define bitcoin, it has a ledger. Non-mining nodes do a great deal of things, but they do not extend the ledger. Arguments to the contrary make me imagine a company claiming it can still function if 90% of its workers go on strike simultaneously.
@_date: 2017-10-17 12:16:53
They scalp on all withdrawals. FCT they charge about 15x what it costs them to send. Byteball, 1000x last I checked. They have hidden deposit fees on some coins too. I've reported these issues thinking they were programming errors and was told to pound sand.
@_date: 2018-04-06 14:08:25
Address reuse [affects everyone's privacy]( not yours alone.
Regardless, the reality is, an online Bitcoin-accepting business would struggle to be taken seriously if it was apparent that every customer paid to the same address. If you're taking specific orders, you need something more sophisticated than a static payment address for everyone.
@_date: 2018-04-27 00:34:07
Segwit did not attempt to alter the Bitcoin protocol without overwhelming consensus. Segwit in fact required a vote of overwhelming consensus to activate. That is why it did not activate for a year.
The rule is about promoting software which alters the protocol in some way at some date or time, regardless of whether network consensus for that alteration exists, necessarily creating an alternate chain only recognized by that software. Examples of this creation of consensus-breaking, unrecognized, alternate chains exist from both before and after the activation of Segwit.
You are indeed correct that r/btc allows discussion of the concept of making changes without having the network consensus to do so. At r/bitcoin this is more widely understood to be incompatible with a fundamental aspect of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-24 07:20:18
You have to wipe the disk, or otherwise write random bytes to the entire disk, to be sure. No matter how you do it, it will take many hours, but then it will be done for good. Just let it run while you sleep.
If you're comfortable totally erasing the entire disk, you can use a bootable tool like DBAN. If you want to continue using the laptop, if its windows 7 or newer, you can enable BitLocker (full drive encryption via passphrase), but select the slow full option and not the quick one. And don't keep the backup decryption key they give you. That'll encrypt the whole disk, to where you need a passphrase at boot time, and the slow option will completely overwrite both used and free space, taking care of your problem.
If you have not already, please buy a hardware wallet, learn its features and how to securely back it up, and split up some of your stash to it. When used properly, they are equivalent to an airgapped, encrypted laptop with offline signing and plausibly deniable hidden directories, that wipes itself if a stranger attempts access. They are miles ahead of your current unencrypted setup that you are scared of a stranger accessing, and at the same time they are more convenient to use.
@_date: 2018-04-27 01:13:11
You are interchangeably using two distinct meanings of the word consensus. One describes community sentiment, while the other is technical and describes the protocol rules of the majority of the Bitcoin network. The rule is explicitly about the latter.
It doesn't matter if the majority of the community instantly agrees with the proposed alteration. That is _not_ what prohibits promoting an alteration.
It matters if the proposed alteration is deliberately designed to activate without a majority of _network consensus_.
An example is when BCH was created in 2017. ABC, XT, and Unlimited changed consensus rules at a specific block height, with no regard for whether the majority of the Bitcoin network was also doing so.
Do you understand the wording now?
@_date: 2017-07-15 09:02:48
Controlling the narrative is a fine art indeed.
@_date: 2017-07-01 22:35:47
What can you do with Tesla stock? Can you pay any debt with it? Buy things from tens of thousands of internet businesses? Can you divide it down into 1/100 millionth units? Is it as convenient as money, and can it be transferred effortlessly worldwide?
The answer to your question is that ownership of some quantity of money is not the same thing as partial ownership of a company that produces or offers services for revenue. Market caps for monies like cryptocurrencies do not mean the same thing as market caps for companies.
@_date: 2017-07-07 07:38:57
It is likely a Legacy blockchain.info recovery mnemonic. Prior to a year ago the mnemonic seems to have been 17 words (it's different now, it's 12, so you'll need to go to their site and select legacy wallet recovery). Check this:
@_date: 2019-05-01 18:29:23


You can claim this as many dozen times as you want, it doesn't spontaneously become true. You can downvote me when I ask you to provide evidence, it doesn't change the nature of reality. Logic which is not faulty stands up to testing. Test yours instead of speaking in bad faith.
@_date: 2019-05-08 12:32:09
You are completely taking one individual's word that a transaction was "aberrant". That's not how any serious authority on earth works, but especially not Bitcoin consensus. A signed transaction is valid. Redefining history is impossible. It's Bitcoin, not Bitcoin: Just Kidding: Infinite Second Chances Edition
@_date: 2019-05-01 18:03:10
People have been claiming this for years, yet the evidence is sorely lacking. Making a claim is not evidence.