@_author: suchbswow
@_date: 2016-03-13 20:19:01
LOL yeah, okay.   Been here, done that.  Watched this same thing 10 times over.  You new in this neck of the woods?  If there was still a deposit option, I would be willing to bet you 10 BTC that it gets used today, multiple times.  Your understanding of the bullshit of this document is un-heard by many.
@_date: 2016-03-13 19:37:32
Worse?  This is the same shit. I don't even believe this "statement". Bound by the "laws" of Florida?  Are you fucking kidding me?  Cryptocracker with a signature?  This place has really gone from awesome content to some like fairy tale harry potter novel.  The shit posted in here, the emails, the "legal obligations", the "legal documents" this and that, it's all garbage.  Anyone who looks at this as a legitimate anything should be in r/fairytales.  None of these scam agreements have any substance.  None of this Cryptsy story has any substance.  None of it.  This is like a joke, mixed with a joke, mixed with snagging peoples money.       
   
Bitcoin -   
10% innovation
60% pieces of shit
30% drama   
   
This place used to have substance. Now it's all scams, and it's not getting better.  The best part is when the scam artists start releasing their own "Press Releases" and bullshit guest blog articles that suggest this scam has been dealt with and everyone has been accounted for followed by repeat.  This sub is no better than a fairy tale.  A shit ass one.   Bitcoin will be all over one day, but it's going to take a long time and lots of accountability, shit that doesn't exist here.     
This place is ran by a few crews who cash in on the daily, it's too bad the potential for jacking free paper from people exceeds the innovative potential.    
Oh yeah, and in this decentralized ecosystem, there's about 10 individuals that own, well shit, 90% of the core bitcoin assets in regards to mining, communication, exchange. ... Decentralized,  my, fucking ass.  This place is garbage, the best thing I ever did was delete 3 years of hard work on Bitcoin websites and content to educate people on how to come get fucked up by 14 yearolds in their parents basements.  
See ya in 10 years Bitcoin.  Big Vagina aka Vern should be out of crab paper by then.
@_date: 2016-03-13 20:08:25
@_date: 2016-03-13 20:55:24


   
That's rich coming from a dyslexic stoner.    
   
    
     
You should be well aware reddit is designed for easy, multiple accounts.  If you are having confusion, try it yourself!  You can click logout, and register without an email confirmation, basically takes about 15 seconds total.   &lt;3 comments that avoid any topic and relate to the time-frame of an account ;)  Cmon lil one, you got this, keep going!  The convo is deeper than account age =O, nothing productive to add?  Last time I checked, it was A OKAY to register a new account on here!!
@_date: 2016-03-13 20:34:57
OP, how did you originally find this story to share across all Bitcoin related subs?  This account a PR release for everytime an ALT scam goes down?  Just wondering why you would feel it necessary to publish what is obviously the biggest of bullshit, how you found out about the story, and what relation "bitcoin_markets" account has to Vern, ALT pumps and all the scams around here?
@_date: 2016-03-13 19:57:50
These people run Bitcoin.  The quick press releases through WSJ, CNBc, Yahoo, that leave people to believe that shit is getting solved, new servies are popping up.  Nobody seems to notice it's the same people committing scams, the same people pump and dumping alts, the same people with agreements on ALT exchanges, the same people with 000's of fake twitter accounts, the same people with 000's of reddit accounts shaping ***everything*** about Bitcoin.  Then, when a scam is found, a new PR will circ7ulate such as this one on one of the noted above or Merkle, Verge, etc etc.  Quick sumbission "this guy got caught" "this is happening" and on to the next one.  People get fucked, and repeat.  This place is fucking garbage and 100% different than it was 2 or 3 years ago.  Clearly, something here is facilitating scams, and I can't be the only one who see it, yet everyone's blind eyes ( a demographic of risk takers, above the average joe) are the perfect demographic to believe the fake CEO behind these exchanges, the fake news updates, the fake jackings, the fake recovery, the fake hackers. It's all inside bullshit, and nobody seems to give a fuck, just hope that it doesn;t happen to them till it does. It's a joke.  A joke that is facilitated by a few entities that control Bitcoin, yes, control Bitcoin.  Yes, you're talking to a guy who has owned Bitcoin business for the last 3 years, devoted every day to this bullshit, and see everything going really fukey.  Best thing I did was sit back and read this novel instead of taking it for a biography.  If something was so wrong, if iGotEXCHANGE did something wrong, owed money, had an investigation, why is their website still organically popping up for all these Bitcoin terms? Why hasn't it been taken down?  Why are 99% of the Bitcoin search results scams people dontate to? Where are the lawsuits from a laywer not a photoshopped PR document? Where is anything?  Where is the investigation? Ricky Day? "Big Vern" get this fantasy bullshit outta here.  This place is a fucking fairy tale.