@_author: sudd3nclar1ty
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:43:02
Yes I've been reading your post history and trying to square it with the available historical research. Not sure how to do that. 
I have always been fascinated with Venezuela - such a beautiful country with amazing people. Chavez was an impressive politician and he looked out for the people like Evo in Bolivia. I want to see alternatives to extractive capitalism and speculative private financing games that enrich the few.
I am very sorry that the people of Venezuela are getting punished. The devaluation of your currency has everything to do with international markets. You have been under financial attack since the government privatized the oil fields in the 70's.
Don't get me wrong though, Venezuela should have diversified out of petroleum a long time ago. The economy was out of balance.
@_date: 2019-12-09 23:58:33
US has attacked their economy with sanctions. Imagine if your employer started paying you in potatoes bit you still needed to pay bills and mortgage. 
Article: 
I would think crypto would be very helpful for Venezuelans, especially for those overseas to transfer funds back home. That is a very tough situation right now. They need to be able to sell their oil on the market somehow. I really don't like US foreign policy. Punishes poor people who have no influence on the international stage.
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:27:25
Just disagreeing with his point about when hyperinflation began. I disagree with Americans who think Trump is an effective president. Citizenship doesn't make one an expert in a subject area, access to valid facts does.
To your point on sanctions, here's some info: 
Sanctions are economic warfare. The people in these countries bear much suffering because their governments will not bend to US policy.
I tried to respectfully disagree with the man. If I came across as condescending, that was not my attention. I'm sure he's happy that you stepped in to fight his battle though, since you judged him incapable of defending himself or understanding my evil colonialist intentions.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:24:40
Actually not, you can read more here: 
Maduro tried to make a Petro crypto coin backed by Venezuelan oil reserves, some of the highest in the world, but in March 2018, Trump signed an executive order to ban any US citizen from dealing with Venezuela.
Imagine getting paid in potatoes then getting banned from the supermarket all because your bully neighbor doesn't agree with your politics. This is why crypto needs to be available in the empire, to keep fascist governments from crushing people who don't want to flip burgers for potatoes so the Koch brothers can have $86B between them.
@_date: 2019-12-10 02:30:07
Yes socialized my bad. I've read the discussion and saw how you guys got into the sanction weeds regarding sales to non-us entities or through non-us institutions. 
This is a great deal of excellent information and I'd like time to do some research in the morning to see what I can come up with. I'm no lawyer or financial wizard, but I also don't automatically buy into a convenient neoliberal narrative that blames regimes who buck globalization of mismanagement.
Reddit educates me. Thank you for the prompt. See you in a bit.
@_date: 2019-12-04 23:41:13
Lol CS reference?
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:47:17
From Wikipedia: The petro (₽), or petromoneda,[2] launched in February 2018, is a cryptocurrency issued by the government of Venezuela...Announced in December 2017, it is supposed to be backed by the country's oil and mineral reserves, and is intended to supplement Venezuela's plummeting bolívar fuerte currency, as a means of circumventing U.S. sanctions and accessing international financing... It is not actually possible to purchase anything with petros, none have been issued; there has never been a single purchase of any kind whatsoever, by anyone, using the petro.
I'm not sure what else to tell you bud. You are coming at me aggressively yet to the best of my knowledge, I'm on point. Your move champ.
@_date: 2019-12-05 01:05:33
Fire in the hole!
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:01:20
I'm sorry for your experience there. Evo was given an exemption by the Bolivian supreme Court to run a fourth time even though the Constitution only allows two terms. He got more than ten percent than his next Challenger, so no runoff.
The election audits you cite, by the OAS, are generally considered to be fraudulent: 
Evo was chased out by bible-toting white elites who then gave amnesty to police and military free rein to stop the protests against the right-wing coup supported by the US. They ripped the wiphala flag off uniforms and chased peacefully protesting indigenous people off the streets with violence.
This is quite sad for me to see. Evo had helped the poorest country in South America improve it's literacy and economy by leaps and bounds. He had plans to nationalize the lithium fields in the south, some of the highest concentrations in the world. Lithium, the new petroleum for a post fossil fuel world.
@_date: 2019-12-10 11:25:24
Time to expand your reading list friend. US foreign policy and military may be the most tyrannical force on the planet.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:15:22
Essentially, the money has no firm basis to give it a value, so hyperinflation occurs. Most of these financial issues happened after Maduro was elected in 2014. The US essentially controls world currency with the dollar. A similar attack is happening against Iran right now. Interestingly enough, Venezuela has a ton of oil that US would love to privatize with Exxon's help.
In general, countries that resist neo liberalism, or the privatizing of national resources, get punished by the US, the IMF and the world Bank.
The coup in Bolivia is a good example. The rule of Pinochet in Chile on the 70's. What's happening to Venezuela is no different than what's happening to Cuba. They dare to run a different economic system and the US bugs out and tries to cripple their markets.
@_date: 2019-12-10 16:15:55
Ok this is a very long reply. The narrative that Venezuelan economic hardships are largely self-inflicted is widespread and challenging to counter. I respect your view and your right to believe it, but I also disagree with the premise.
Part 1 of 2
This argument is to provide evidence that US sanctions have greatly harmed the Venezuelan people - "Sanctions obviously don't make things easier for the government, but I don't see any evidence that sanctions have actually been meaningful at all in terms of the hardships being suffered by Venezuelan citizens...I already have a simple explanation for everything that's happened in Venezuela, all based on their policies and not on anything the US has done." (bames53)
"Since 2014, 43 unilateral, coercive measures have been applied against Venezuela by the US Administration. These have effectively paralysed the economy, blocked oil exportation globally, and frozen Venezuelan financial assets abroad while denying access to international financial systems. This loss in oil revenue and assets has amounted to a shortfall worth billions of US dollars, prohibiting the importation of essential, lifesaving products."
"The impact of the US sanctions on the Venezuelan population cannot be overstated. More than 300 000 Venezuelans are at risk due to a lack of lifesaving medications and treatment. An estimated 80 000 HIV-positive patients have had no antiretroviral therapy since 2017. Access to medication such as insulin has been curtailed because US banks refuse to handle Venezuelan payments for this. Thousands to millions of people have been without access to dialysis, cancer treatment, or therapy for hypertension and diabetes. Particular to children has been the delay of vaccination campaigns or lack of access to antirejection medications after solid organ transplants in Argentina. Children with leukaemia awaiting bone marrow transplants abroad are now dying. Funds for such health-assistance programmes come from the PDVSA state oil company. Those funds are now frozen. Food imports dropped by 78% in 2018 compared to 2013. The very serious threat to health and harm to human life caused by these US sanctions are thought to have contributed to an excess of 40 000 deaths in 2017–18 alone."
"The UN Human Rights Council reported that “the use of economic sanctions for political purposes violates human rights and the norms of international behavior. Such actions may precipitate man-made humanitarian catastrophes of unprecedented proportions. Regime change through economic measures likely to lead to the denial of basic human rights and indeed possibly to starvation, has never been an accepted practice of international relations.” These sanctions fit the definition of collective punishment of the civilian population, as described by the Geneva (Article 33) and Hague conventions, to which the USA is a signatory. These sanctions are also illegal under international and federal US law. Given the intentional action to destroy a people, in part or in whole, the US economic sanctions and their effect on the preventable mortality of Venezuelans fit the UN definition of genocide."
"US National Security Advisor John Bolton stated that they are backing the illegal coup in Venezuela, as “it will make a big difference to the United States economically if we could have American oil companies invest in and produce the oil capabilities in Venezuela”
"Pointing to the economic failures of Venezuela as justification for further economic sanctions, causing further economic failures, is a cyclical, fallacious argument"
"Sanctions are undoubtedly cutting off financing to the Maduro regime, limiting the government’s ability to import food and medicine amid economic freefall."
"Military might is nothing compared to the repercussions that economic sanctions from the U.S. can bring about...If countries don't import the target country's products, the target economy can face industry collapse and unemployment, which can put significant political pressure on the government...the target country is unable to purchase goods, resulting in economic loss through unemployment, as well as production loss...The extent of economic suffering caused by a sanction is often not immediately known...Sanctions are ultimately blunt tools of foreign policy, because their deployment is rarely precise enough to affect only the target economy, and because they presuppose that economic harm will lead to the sort of political pressure that will benefit the instigating country."
"Ever since the election of leftist President Hugo Chávez in 1998, the opposition in Venezuela has suffered a series of humiliating electoral defeats (except for one referendum), despite receiving over $100 million from the US government..The December 2013 elections were a referendum…for the ruling Chávistas who swept over 70% of the municipalities. Decisively defeated in the electoral arena, a hard-right splinter from the opposition initiated la salida (the exit) which was to achieve by violence what could not be achieved democratically...Venezuela is a peculiar country where the poor celebrate their government and the rich protest"
"Venezuela under Chávez and now Maduro has made substantial gains in democratic institutions, the quality of life of its populace, and in its regional leadership. Jimmy Carter deemed Venezuela’s electoral system the best in the world. The progressive government has eradicated illiteracy, halved poverty, and introduced new forms of direct democracy such as community councils"
"The oligarchy still holds control of most of the economy and is using its financial power to attack the revolution by whatever means necessary"
@_date: 2019-12-10 01:15:14
Just trying to better understand the world my friend. Thank you for your vote of confidence.
@_date: 2019-12-10 00:49:06
Not sure what you mean. Maduro isn't a great politician but his situation is extremely difficult. Financially, the neoliberal world order wants Venezuelan petroleum. This is the story, so if they resist they get demonized. Same as Iran.
The Saudi's - who committed 9-11 and beheaded a Washington Post reporter, play ball with Washington. They can do no wrong.
Economics is politics my friend. That's how I see this. That's why crypto currency can be so powerful.
@_date: 2019-12-10 16:16:34
Part 2 of 2
The Plot to Overthrow Venezuela: How the US Is Orchestrating a Coup for Oil
Author(s): Dan Kovalik
• While the US claims that it is has the humanitarian interests of the Venezuelan people at heart, the fact is that the US has been waging a one-sided economic war against Venezuela which has greatly undermined the health and living conditions of Venezuelans
• The opposition forces the US is attempting to put into power represent Venezuela's oligarchy who want to place Venezuela's oil revenues back in the hands of Venezuela's economic elite as well as US oil companies.
Economic Alienation
The US has been systematically dismantling the Bolivarian Alliance for the People of Our America (ALBA) that Chavez had been so instrumental in building up. (Specifically Haiti, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Brazil)
"One [goal of US regime change efforts] is to take control again over Venezuelan resources, especially the very large oil reserves. Washington has never forgiven Chavez for nationalizing the oil and using the revenues from the oil flows for Venezuela rather than for the profits of American firms. So it’s aimed at installing an American puppet that Washington has selected as president, who will privatize the oil company and other resources so that Americans can renew the exploitation of the country."
—Paul Craig Roberts, Assistant Treasury Secretary for President Ronald Reagan
"Indeed, the US has been economically attacking Venezuela for nearly 20 years now in order to overturn the government of Hugo Chavez and his successor Nicolas Maduro. As UN Expert Alfred de Zayas explains, after his intensive study of the situation in Venezuela, the crisis in that country is not the result of failures of the Bolivarian Revolution, but rather, the many-years assault against it by the West.
The mainstream narrative attributes the crisis to incompetence and corruption, but these also plague most Latin American countries
Meanwhile, the biggest blows the US was able to levy against Venezuela commenced in 2014 with the attack against the price of its main revenue source—oil. It was then that the US, with the connivance of its good friend Saudi Arabia—not exactly the paragon of democracy and human rights in the world—worked together to artificially depress the price of oil with the express intention of undermining the economies of countries like Iran and Russia. However, the country most damaged by this maneuver was Venezuela, whose economy was “destroyed” by it."
"...when the individuals are high-level government officials, for example the finance minister, the sanctions cause enormous problems, as these officials are cut off from necessary transactions in most of the world financial system.
The Venezuelan private sector was cut off from vital access to credit, which contributed to the unprecedented, indeed almost unbelievable, 80 percent drop in imports over the past six years, which has devastated this import-dependent economy.
Specific examples of attempts by private actors to increase misery in Venezuela include US-based Citibank’s refusal to accept Venezuelan monies for the purchase of 300,000 doses of insulin; Colombia firm BSN medical’s refusal to send malaria medicine to Venezuela after accepting Venezuela’s payment for it;  the Belgian financial services company Euroclear’s blocking of “$450 million earmarked primarily for the purchase of drugs and food abroad”; and numerous instances of large quantities of food, medicine and household items being hoarded, and in some cases, burned by opposition forces.
@_date: 2019-12-10 12:49:18
Just my opinion but China holds about $1.1T in US Treasury bonds, about 1/6 the total. They basically hold the mortgage note on the US, which provides fantastic leverage. They also have the largest potential capitalist market in terms of people, purchasing power, and appetite for western-style consumerism. So we play nicey-nice.
@_date: 2019-12-11 12:48:30
Thank you for the thoughtful reply. If I'm understanding your argument correctly, it's that I haven't provided direct links between sanction statutes and specific harm to the people of Venezuela that could not have also come from their own government policy.
Before I rebut, I'd like to digress with how Reddit teaches me. In this instance, I was prompted to dive deeper into Venezuelan history and US sanctions policy. Other times, Reddit teaches me when a person brings forward information I'd never known or synthesizes a result I'd never considered. Still a third way is when a person illustrates that facts won't sway their worldview and it's best to run along to more productive tasks.
FWIW, I don't see the value in reducing the impact of sanctions to the specific words written by the US. I find it more instructive to pull back for wider optics - the eagle view versus the mole view.
Sanctions are designed to make an economy scream and force the population to revolt. Sanctions are a form of warfare that comes with human casualties. Now some may argue that Obama instituted targeted sanctions only on specific government figures, so the common people don't suffer. The evidence shows this not to be true. The elites do not miss meals under targeted sanctions but poor children do when there is no work for parents. 
This outcome is the point of sanctions, even the kinder, gentler type. So to argue that sanctions don't cause economic harm or that they don't make a bad situation worse is to ignore the whole point: this is collective punishment.
Now the US doesn't just punish Venezuela, we are also currently sanctioning Cuba, Haiti, North Korea, Syria, Iran, and a few others. None of these are places I would want to live - the suffering of the people is far too great. US policy makes the situation worse. By design.
My roundabout point to all of this is to say that a monetary tool, like Bitcoin, can be used in a decentralized manner to soften the impacts of US financial aggression. I'd expect places like Chile, Columbia, Lebanon, and Russia to see more use to circumvent the dollar diplomacy the US uses to control finance and bully rivals.
As to whether you've convinced me that it's really the Venezuelan economy that caused the suffering of it's people then that remains to be seen. Please provide specific government policies that caused harm, concrete numbers both before and after sanctions, compare this to similar countries, eliminate the portions that could be related to sanctions, and synthesize all of this into a coherent narrative that makes sense. 
As I have done. Then I will raise questions, not concede any ground, and skip points entirely without providing credible sources or alternatives until we are questioning the meaning of words. As you have done. Cheers mate.
@_date: 2019-12-10 11:30:59
Lol I'm noticing that. I got slightly off the post and sub topics anyway. Plus who likes preaching to the choir all the time, that's too easy! Thanks for the reality check my friend.