@_author: sugardaddyjr
@_date: 2018-01-12 06:57:58
tl;dr – A massive attack on Bitcoin will occur before the Lightning Network is being used.  The Bitcoin Cash backers have already put many of the pieces for this attack in place and you will know the attack is in full effect when the mempool is spammed to ludicrous levels AND the hashrate is flipped in favor of Bitcoin Cash AND the price of Bitcoin Cash is pumped to at least half the value of Bitcoin.  The only response to this attack that Bitcoin can implement to successfully fight this is a block size increase.  I know many Bitcoiners are against a block size increase but in the event of an all out attack, an emergency block size increase will be the only way to keep Bitcoin functional.
For Bitcoin Cash to succeed, the backers of Bitcoin Cash (“they” from here on) must kill Bitcoin before the Lightning Network has widespread usage.
Consider what has happened: 
They tested how the Bitcoin mempool responds against spam attacks in May and August.
They forked in August using the Bitcoin name to confuse the casual users.
They started a social engineering campaign to confuse casual users on all discussion boards.
They pumped the price of Bitcoin Cash on November 11th and 12th to see how the miners would respond (and the miners responded by briefly giving Bitcoin Cash more than 51% of the hashrate on November 12th).
They took over Bitcoin websites and social media to further confuse casual users.
All of this is the Bitcoin Cash backers testing defenses and putting pieces in place to take over the Bitcoin name.  Maybe they are responsible for the shady behavior of Coinbase, Blockexplorer and others that have damaged Bitcoin.  I don’t pretend to know how many more things they plan to put into place before the final massive attack.  But I do know the following:
It will happen right as the Bitcoin difficulty is adjusted upward as this maximizes the length of time the attack can work before Bitcoin’s difficulty has an adjustment.
It will involve a mempool spam attack that will make the previous fees and delays look like amateur hour. 
It will involve a massive price pump of Bitcoin Cash that will bring Bitcoin Cash to 50% or more of the value of Bitcoin.
It will involve the miners moving 50% or more of the hashrate to Bitcoin Cash even though it will be more profitable to mine Bitcoin.  Bitmain, which is clearly on Bitcoin Cash’s side, controls the 2 largest mining pools and they have more than 40% of the hashrate.
It will be a prolonged attack that will push the value of Bitcoin down and increase the value of Bitcoin Cash.  Their thinking is that they can sustain a less profitable period during the attack to ultimately control Bitcoin.
Bonus points to the attackers if the ASICs produced by Bitmain have a backdoor built into them that can force the ASICs to mine Bitcoin Cash (this is strictly a conspiracy theory but given their history would anyone really be surprised by this?).
So how do we defend ourselves against this attack?
Start using the Lightning Network ASAP.  In the long-run the Lightning Network will kill Bitcoin Cash as it allows scaling and super-fast transaction times.
Increase the block size (this can be done after the attack begins and the attacking parties have made all facets of their attack known).  When they start the full attack their hashrate will be directed to Bitcoin Cash and this means that they will not be receiving mining fees to recoup the cost of spamming the mempool during the attack.  This also means that an increase in the block size at this time will make the spam attack much more expensive and also keep Bitcoin functioning at an acceptable transaction rate.
That’s it for increasing Bitcoin’s defenses.  Lightning Network and increasing the block size.  All improvements to reduce transaction size such as MAST and Schnorr signatures are great for reducing the cost of day-to-day transactions but they have very little effect when using these are optional.  Segwit has taught us (and the Bitcoin Cash attackers) that even very high fees will not drive the use of these optional technologies.  If you are thinking that lowering the difficulty is an option, you are wrong.  When the difficulty gets lowered, the attackers will simply switch back to Bitcoin and mine blocks very quickly until they reach the next difficulty adjustment.  The miners will then start the attack again and switch the hashrate to Bitcoin Cash and the cycle will repeat.  Also, changing the mining algorithm to be anti-ASIC is not an option as this will make all of the individuals with ASICs mine Bitcoin Cash, which only strengthens the attack.  Going anti-ASIC will also alienate some of the strongest supporters of Bitcoin that have spent a great deal of money to purchase the ASICs.
Finally, to put some math to this attack because this is Bitcoin and in math we trust.  In the middle of 2015 Bitcoin was hitting about 100,000 transactions per day and this was before spam so this is a pretty solid foundation for number of transactions.  The number of users has certainly exploded over the past 2.5 years so there should be a need for many times the 100,000 2015 transactions.  For arguments sake, let’s say that the number of transactions to keep Bitcoin “functional” has only doubled to 200,000 (I’m only dealing with “functional” here since we are already way past what an average user would consider “usable”).  Currently, there are about 350,000 transactions each day at a cost of about $30 each.  That’s about $10,000,000 in mining fees each day.  During an attack that takes away half of the hashrate, only 175,000 transactions will process of the necessary functional base of 200,000 transactions.  Even assuming people are not panicking and trying to dump their Bitcoins, the mempool will fill just because lack of transactions processed.  The cost of transactions will naturally go above $30 as people fight to get their transactions included.  So if you are a billionaire attacker and want spam the mempool to set a floor of $100 fees you simply take $10,000,000 and spam 100,000 transactions at $100 each.  What happens to the cost of the real transactions that want to process?  They will go to well over $100 and since there are too many real transactions to process it’s possible that the $100 spam transactions will not even be processed until the next difficulty adjustment, which is 28 days away since half of the hashrate is gone.  Even if the billionaire needed to re-spam the mempool at $100 a few times it still might only cost $40 - $50 million dollars over the 28 days.  Bitcoin not being functional for about a month will certainly crash the Bitcoin price and inflate Bitcoin Cash, which will then feed the huge social engineering put in place to rename Bitcoin Cash the coveted name of Bitcoin.  Responding to this attack by immediately increasing the block size can fix this as both the real transactions and spam transactions can be processed and keep Bitcoin functional.  Again, lowering the difficulty will allow the attackers to game the system and changing the algorithm to anti-ASIC will move a lot of Bitcoin supporters to Bitcoin Cash so they can continue to use their ASICs.
@_date: 2018-04-25 04:11:41
1. Fact: Bitcoin (BTC) at the beginning of 2014 was the real Bitcoin (BTC), and if you don't agree with this then stop reading because truth and logic are foreign concepts to you.
2. If a new transaction is created today using Bitcoin (BTC) software from 2014, it will still be accepted by the current Bitcoin (BTC) network.
3. The first paragraph in the Bitcoin whitepaper says that the blockchain with the most proof of work is the valid Bitcoin blockchain, and currently Bitcoin (BTC) has the most proof of work.
4. Bitcoin (BTC), and only Bitcoin (BTC), can say that it has BOTH the highest proof of work AND can process transactions from 2014 software.
5. As long as both of these remain true, Bitcoin Cash (BCH) has no reasonable way to claim to be Bitcoin, and when the day comes that both of these were not true for Bitcoin (BTC), the blockchain with the most proof of work will be called Bitcoin (which Bitcoin Cash (BCH) is WAY behind in the proof of work race).
@_date: 2019-05-16 18:04:45
Wow!  They are going to pay a ton to use Bitcoin's blockchain this way.