@_author: suiiy
@_date: 2018-01-27 10:35:45
Cause you're using the Lightning Network? 
@_date: 2017-12-04 00:02:29
This would be fine if it was a free service like Gmail and you weren't using them as bank account or transferring significant sums of Bitcoin/Fiat through their service. It appears this is exactly what a lot of people are doing and what they are hoping for. Especially with this hastily added crypto feature. It just smacks of a scam and very convenient when it all goes tits up. I also noticed they offer credit and phone insurance. Whish also seems very shady and quite difficult to find the T&amp;C's on these services. The more I'm looking into them the more I'm convinced it's a huge scam and it'll end in tears for a lot of people. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:52:34
Have you used their Android app? Have you spoke to any of their support staff?
Why does it appear to be so difficult to contact them? Why have they had hundreds of incidents of fraudulent activity reported on their cards/accounts with no resolution. It's a worey because they are not covered by any FSA regulations. They can arrest your funds whenever they please and claim you're id doesn't check out. As someone else mentioned very much like PayPal and look at the shit show they are. Fuck letting them get a hold of my Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:45:17
That's is essentially one of my points. They have started out as a good way to exchange currency. Then they suddenly advertise they will offer crypto exchanges through their app. That's when it will all go to shit. People will send their Bitcoin to their Revolut online wallets and their funds will either go missing or be placed on hold. There is numerous community posts about funds being arrested and absolutely no contact info on their website. Anyone who has manged to contact them report long waring times and support staff who have very basic English. Some users report the support is actually bots and not live support. My spidey senses are not just tingling her but vibrating like fuck. Seriously be careful with your Funds. 
@_date: 2017-12-04 01:20:13
I agree with this also. I have been annoyed at myself for some time now because back in 2010 the IT/Programmer dude in my old office let me know about Bitcoin. Even gave me some for free. I of course didn't appreciate what it was and lost that original wallet to the Crypto God's.
After that costly mistake I started truly researching it and only since last year have been confident enough this is not a fad and have invested a good portion of my savings into it. But try as I might I cannot get my friends and family to understand how much of a game changer this tech is. When I say revolutionary I do not use that word lightly. Yet my brother n law - who has actually been successful with certain investments, advised me today that its a Tulip mania bubble and he's not touching it. SMH
It's very disheartening when intelligent folk are still so strongly influenced by the bad press and obvious fear mongering about such a great opportunity as we have today with this. I'm really that confident of its success.
It's just sad to see a lot of nefarious types taking advantage of people who want to take part in this and I have a feeling more people will lose their money through no fault of their own other than jumping on the first easy exchange/debit card service opportunity that  arises.
Its not good for Crypto in the broader sense. 
@_date: 2017-08-04 19:17:31
No. He GENUINELY means lizards. It's the ADL that insist he means Jews. 
@_date: 2019-08-14 21:32:42
That's The Royal Bank of Scotland you're thinking of. 
Bank Of Scotland is different and with Halifax.
@_date: 2019-08-15 20:47:36
Indeed. For example today I had to cash a cheque from a company that I've had to battle with and take to small claims court. 
They sent out the cheque with a rather significant spelling mistake on my name. BoS wouldn't touch it but TSB said they would verify who the cheque was meant for and if the company confirm it's me it'll go through. It's also a lot to do with customer service and how much money you hold with them.
@_date: 2019-08-14 12:08:38
So far I've been using TSB and Bank Of Scotland to make payments to various exchanges and haven't even had as much as a warning to stop doing so. 
I've also manged to transfer my Bitcoin to these banks with no bother. So what's the deal here? Why are some UK banks fine with this yet others treat you like a leper if you go near crypto. 
Monzo is another bank that are terrified of their customers dealing with crypto. I chalked that down to them being a new player in town so want to keep their nose clean for now. I just don't get why the rules are wildly different from one financial institution to another. It's fucking annoying.
@_date: 2019-08-14 21:59:41
It's funny you mention FD. I worked for them when they were starting out and everyone said this about phone banking and now it's practically all we do along with online. 
I'm happy to use Monzo or another Internet only bank as long as they prove they're compentant and you can reach them when you need to. I've just heard to many stories to put my total faith in a Internet bank as my main account.
@_date: 2019-08-14 21:29:40
This was before they got their licence so it might have been them being cautious. 
I really love Monzo but I can't trust a new Internet only bank with my main account  until I can trust they won't fuck up my money and I'll have to spend days trying to get them to fix an issue that could have been fixed by me walking into a bank. 
Revolut are another one to stay clear from. They don't even have a proper banking licence (Lithuanian one isn't legit) and are closing people's accounts arbitrarily and walking off with their money. You don't even get to hold the BTC you buy. They do. But they're a scam business  guaranteed not to last.
@_date: 2017-11-02 12:32:09
Tell them it's the future and they should read up on it themselves. For now it's being used as an investment just like you would invest in stocks and shares. Also like sticks and shares your investment can go up as well as down.
Who knows what will happen a year from now. It'll become more accepted once everyone realises how safe it is. 
@_date: 2017-11-18 13:03:40
I can't seem to access my wallet either. Website looks as if it's down? 
@_date: 2017-10-14 08:20:37
Well he does watch Rick and Morty. 