@_author: sumisu1
@_date: 2017-08-20 19:52:41


No. Having an open mind just means being open to all kinds of ideas. You can have strong opinions and still have an open mind, and you can have no beliefs and still not have an open mind.


Because they're mutually exclusive. Being an anarchist means you don't want a government. Believing in high taxes means you do want a government. You either have a government or you don't; you can't choose both.


Yes, but social democracies aren't "both things at the same time". They're not simultaneously socialist (means of production are communal) and capitalist (means of production are private), because just not possible. It's a mixture of the two, but not the two things at once; just like purple is a mixture of blue and red, but not simultaneously both blue and red.
@_date: 2017-08-20 06:46:22


You're right. You don't. You can also hold exactly no real beliefs or a conflicting set of beliefs, though most people would call that either "spineless" or "hypocritical", respectively.


Western democracy is not an implementation of both ideals, though. Western democracy is obviously not anarchist. It is also not purely socialist nor free market capitalist. These things are sliding scales, but the positions of "anarchist", "socialist", etc. are absolute. There's names for the mixed positions as well, such as "social democrat", "minarchist libertarian" etc. 
@_date: 2017-08-19 17:23:53


Ok let's break this down


Believes people should be able to trade their property freely without government intervention
Doesn't want government or private property


Wants the government to take away the private property of the wealthy


Wants the government to have a lot of power and use that to (supposedly) the benefit of its citizens
Do you see how this is utterly incoherent? You're simultaneously both in favour of and against private property. Idem ditto for the government. You have to pick one set of beliefs. You can't both be anarchist (i.e. against the government) and in favour of strong regulation and a strong welfare state (i.e. strong government). You can't be both free market capitalist (i.e. against government intervention in the market) and in favour of heavy taxation and a strong welfare state (i.e. government should take money from one group of people and give to another group of people). These positions are mutually exclusive.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:56:17
"just building a website" = hacking, money laundering, *literally hiring a hitman* and trafficking all kinds of contraband including illegal substances and false identity documents.
@_date: 2017-05-23 18:52:40
Bitcoin, as a protocol, is broken and simply not money; as a piece of software, is a piece of junk; as a potential currency, is deemed fake internet money by most banks.