@_author: sumuji
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:18:39
To give you an example of what a noob deals with and why Bitcoin is currently a huge turnoff.
I had like 500 Stellar from a few years ago when they were trying to force it. I had it sitting in Polinex and decided I just wanted to sell it to have a little extra for Christmas.
So the Stellar was worth like $60 when converted to BTC. I was trying to get a crash course on how to move the BTC around and I ended up moving it to localbitcoin to see if I could sell my BTC for USD or maybe a gift certificate. The move to localbitcoin cost me $10 so now I am down to $50.
I was prepared to buy a Walmart gift card or something with my BTC but the seller that was offering deals in my BTC bracket logged off or something and I was stuck looking at deals that were too high. Like people that would only trade for $100 or higher.
So I started looking for Plan B. I discovered that gyft.com accepted Bitcoin through Bitpay so created a Bitpay account and moved my coin there. Which ended up costing another $10 and change in fees. Now I'm down to less than $40. I get a message through Bitpay that I don't have enough to cover the miner's fees or something another, and that I needed to purchase something that was of greater or equal value in order to offset it. I'm a noob, I don't know what all of this means other than it's becoming a very expensive project. I can't even buy a $25 gift card with my $40 worth of BTC. I couldn't do a $15 card either. I could only do $10 and only able to do that if I selected "economy" setting where it might take a long time to complete the transaction.
I started with $60 and in the end I was only able to use $10 of it because most of the rest of it went to pay the fees just moving it a few times and paying for services. That is ridiculous to put it mildly. BTC has been around for a decade now and right now it's pretty much useless for everyday type transactions.
I'm sure there's benefit to buying it and holding onto it for a long time hoping that you can sell for a lot of money but it has a very very very looooooooong way to go before it becomes a type of currency that is practical for most people, the other 99.8% of the population that doesn't have any idea what Bitcoin is. 