@_author: suninabox
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:12:01


Spending isn't "Hodling"
If you spend all your bitcoin what exactly have you hodled?
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:41:46
How does just sitting on 10 bitcoin that you mined 6 years ago do anything "more efficiently"?
You're not doing anything with them. Those bitcoins have produced no more wealth than the ones that have been lost forever.
@_date: 2018-01-30 15:38:47


It's not arbitrary, by Satoshis own words it was decided upon as an "educated guess" in an attempt to make sure bitcoin would have a similar unit value to existing currencies. It turns out that guess was badly, badly wrong, and that one person guessing what the right amount of currency forever isn't a particularly good model.
Having one person (or persons) centrally plan the supply of currency forever is a very clumsy attempt to deal with the problem of how you have a decentralized currency but stop people manipulating it for their own benefits. It's not an antidote to central planning, its just trusting on one persons plan to work forever.
Even primitive currencies like Cowry shells had a more sophisticated method than this for decentrally adjusting supply of currency.
If you think quantity of currency is arbitrary and has no effect on its utility then you're going to struggle to understand the last 10,000 years of currency evolution.


Currency isn't wealth, its just a token for wealth. Increasing or decreasing the amount of currency doesn't increase or decrease the amount of wealth in the world, it just changes its relative ownership.
If you destroyed every dollar in existence, exactly the same amount of gold, steel, houses and other forms of wealth would exist.
If currency you hold keeps buying more and more, how is that possible without someone now getting less and less?
Deflation transfers wealth from asset holders to currency holders, inflation transfers wealth from currency holders to asset holders.
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:23:19


It wasn't the act of buying land that was generating wealth, it was the construction of homes and businesses on that land. Buying land and doing nothing with it just blocks other people from doing something productive with it, it generates no wealth by itself.
Did someone who bought land in detroit 50 years ago and did nothing with it somehow generate less wealth than someone who did the same thing in las vegas? No, it was other peoples wealth generation (or lack thereof) in the surrounding area that changes the land values. 
Just buying up land, blocking anyone from using it and then selling it on at a higher price once other people have improved the surrounding land is textbook [rent-seeking](
You are not creating any wealth by buying up land, the land already exists, you are only seeking to profit on natural scarcity allowed by a legal system that allows for the buying and selling of permission to use land. If you buy up lots of valuable land and only release a small amount for development you can make more profit than if you just used all the land for productive use, in the same way that de beers made more money by buying up all the diamond mines in the world and only selling a trickle than they would have just flooding the market with diamonds.
@_date: 2018-01-09 14:59:13


this isn't possible though cuz bitcoin is decentralized which means no one group of people can manipulate it for their own interests at others expense!
@_date: 2018-01-31 11:27:57
The last part of my quote is an actual quote from Captain Edward Smith in 1907 after the SS Kronprinz Wilhelm rammed an iceberg and survived.
It was believed modern liners were now so strong and secure that they were unsinkable, in part because of incidents like the Kronzpinz Wilhelm, where modern liners survived incidents that would have sank older ships.
This caused Smith to be overly confident about the risk of icebergs and caused him to ignore warnings given about ice in the area.
None of this changes the fact the underlying logic that "its always recovered before so it always will" is faulty, which is the only point of that analogy.
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:39:54


Because its true?
In January 2017 it had 85% market share, now its 33%. If you think it can go from 85% to 33% but it can't go from 33% to 15% and lower I don't know what to tell you. 
For a coin that is heavily dependent on name recognition and market position, losing half its market share in a year should be a clear warning sign.
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:27:19
Daily transactions have nearly halved.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:14:30
how is it useful for storage if its unstable?
That's like paying for cloud storage but there's a 1% chance if just loses half your data overnight which it might be able to recover in a week, or a month, or a year, or maybe never.
At that point the term "store of value" doesn't really mean anything, its just a way of disguising whats actually happening which is rampant speculation based on artificial scarcity.
One of the primary characteristics of a "store of value" is stability. "store of value" is just something people started saying when it became apparent that bitcoin wasn't becoming a useful currency and people wanted to justify ever increasing price in the face of decreasing utility.
@_date: 2018-01-10 15:41:42


You're not making any extra gains by spending it, you're just losing out on future gains you would make keeping hold of it. Paying with bitcoin when you have dollars is a huge opportunity cost, you simultaneously lose out on the gains you would have seen by keeping hold of bitcoin at the same time as realizing losses by keeping hold of dollars that you could have spent instead.
So why would you give up future "gains" by spending bitcoin instead of spending cash, which is not going to see any gain? Are you saying you have no fiat and all of your money is in bitcoin? What are you buying bitcoin with? Do you have no income? Is your income entirely in bitcoin?
The gains part is irrelevant. You can see gains with shares in Amazon or precious metals, it doesn't mean liquidating those assets makes a purchase "free". It's no more free than if you spend with cash, you have the same net worth regardless, you've still made those gains regardless of whether you pay with cash or liquidizing assets.


Except paying in bitcoin isn't faster or cheaper, so there's no reason to use it if you have dollars available, which everyone who bought bitcoin in dollars does. 
Spending an appreciating asset and keeping hold of depreciating cash is dumb, and everyone has cash because you need cash to function in the economy.


How many businesses do you think are happy waiting a whole business day to see if someone's funds clear? 
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:10:52


Or you could have invested it in stable wealth generation/efficiency savings instead of speculating on a highly volatile asset. That would be even less careless.
Investing in something that lost 40% of its value last month is not the investing equivalent of eating healthy and working out. It's risk taking and thrill seeking. You're not hoping bitcoin gains 5% a year for the next 50 years, you're hoping it gains 500% in the next 5 years. Investing everything into high risk/high reward investments is gambling.


That doesn't make any sense. If you're not interested in using bitcoin as a currency and are treating it as an investment then all that matters is how much money you make from it. If it tanks to $10 then you've lost 99% of the money you invested. Although even when Tether and Bitfinex go down it probably won't crash that badly.
@_date: 2018-01-12 12:50:02


@_date: 2018-01-28 22:25:29


That's what everyone already does with currency. keep hold of it until they want/need to buy something with it.
saying "just keep hold of your currency until you want to spend it on something" doesn't say anything.
The only reason it makes sense to talk about "HODLing" is to try and profit of speculative gains.
The very originator of the term was talking specifically about trying to profit from speculation.
This is a lot of work to avoid acknowledging what is an obvious reality and why HODLing and obsessing about the price of bitcoin in fiat is synonymous.
@_date: 2018-01-27 19:05:23


So when bitcoin halved in price (and supposed market cap), half the wealth it had created was destroyed? Or did that wealth not exist in the first place and was simply a result of unsustainable speculation?
You're not making any distinction between wealth creation and simply moving wealth. Converting dollars to euros does not create any wealth even though it increases the relative demand for euros. It simply moves it from one form to another.


Money invested does not equal wealth created. Many companies have invested millions in research projects only for them to come to nothing. Loose money from VC has allowed even hundreds of millions to go into projects that never saw any return, companies and ideas that never made a profit, and were in fact just wealth destroying machines based on unrealistic expectations and misplaced investment.


So its overall value, not unit price that matters. 
This undermines the arguments made that somehow inflation has destroyed the value of the dollar. The value of dollars is far greater now than 50 years ago, its just there are even more dollars to divide that value by. 
Which proves price increases are not demonstrative of increased efficiency. They're demonstrative of insufficient supply to meet demand, regardless of the source of demand. Speculators don't give a shit about efficiency which is why bitcoins price doubled in a few months despite the fact efficiency was falling dramatically, and then fell away just as quick when they realized speculative gains were drying up. All they care about is profiting from price increases. The utility of the currency is completely irrelevant to demand by speculators.
The idea that bitcoins overall value = number of coins x price of coin is also extremely faulty. It's estimated 4 million coins have already been lost forever, so you can knock off 20% off that number already. Then there's the idea that whatever the last coin sold for is what you could sell all the other coins for. If even one big whale who owned 500,000 coins decided to sell them all at once they would completely flood the market and the price would crash. It's phantom value because the current price is set for when the vast majority of coins are just being hoarded, which creates very little supply for existing demand. The second everyone tried to use those coins supply would skyrocket and price would plummet.
It's only realizable value for the few individuals who decide to sell while everyone else is holding. Speculative bubbles are not real wealth, they are phantom wealth.
@_date: 2018-01-30 14:27:07
HODL and buy the dip. 
You only lose if you sell. strong hands &gt; weak hands
@_date: 2018-01-15 15:29:03


How is the distribution of bitcoin driven by the market when the supply rate is completely inelastic to demand? it does not react to the price mechanism in any way, which is a key function of markets. If a billion people all decided to start using bitcoin tomorrow, exactly as many bitcoin would be produced as there were yesterday. If 99% of people abandoned bitcoin tomorrow, exactly as many bitcoins would be produced as yesterday.
How can 1800 bitcoin a day simultaneously be the right number for a 50% increase in demand or a 50% decrease? for 1 million users or 100 million?
Because supply is fixed, any increase in demand will cause an increase in price, which causes a self-fulfilling prophecy where speculators buy to take advantage of increasing price, which increases the price yet further, because supply cannot react to price increases. 
Bitcoins supply is just as centrally planned as any central bank, except rather than trying to adjust the supply to maintain a small and steady inflation rate (which is what most central banks do), its just set to arbitrarily half every 210,000 blocks and then gradually decrease over time as coins are lost and no more are created.
Did Satoshi perfectly calculate when the supply rate would need to half? Has he predicted the billions of variables he will have need to have predicted to choose the perfect rate of currency supply for the next 100+ years? One man can centrally plan better for 100 years than an entire government can for the next 2-4?


Frangibility != Supply. If you have 1 dollar no amount of divisions can make it worth 2 dollars.  Gold standard was already infinitely frangible during the 1930s. They could have just kept issuing smaller and smaller notes a 0.1 cent note, a 0.001 cent coin. 
That would still do nothing to stop the fact that if people made a run on a bank and demanded their $10,000 you would just have to give them millions of 0.001 cent notes instead of 100 $100 notes.
Deflation is a problem because it creates a perverse incentive to hoard money instead of using it to generate wealth, not because of frangibility. That creates a deflationary spiral which increases the value of currency at the expense of the economy.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:05:35
"The price is always going to keep growing because people who bought it when it was $1,000 aren't going to sell when it drops to $10,000. Only the weak hands who bought in at $20,000 are going to sell when it drops to $10,000. Then all the HODLERS buy the dip at $10,000 and thats how we get to $60,000"
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:08:13


So for the 100+ years nations were on the gold standard, that was for the good of the people? Even in nations that didn't give most people the vote?
Some countries went off the gold standard during WW1 and then returned to it afterwards. What's happened since then that means nations no longer care about whats good for the people?


So does increased tax revenues, which you'd get from an improved economy, which is what people claim a gold standard provides.
Do you genuinely think not a single country on earth has a ruler that would stand to gain more from becoming richer than whatever power they could get from fiat?
Money is just a token for trading wealth. The more wealth you need to trade the more tokens you need to have. There's no magic to the gold standard anymore than there would be to the silver standard or any other standard. It just ties the amount of currency to the amount of gold produced, which means if the amount of gold produced increases faster than the amount of other tradable wealth, you would have inflation, and if the amount of tradable wealth increases faster than the amount of gold you will have deflation.
The Great Depression shows why this is a bad thing. If you have a sudden reduction in the amount of currency it can trigger a deflationary spiral if you can't do anything to increase the supply of money. Deflationary spirals are bad for economies and the people who live in them.
Not being able to adjust the money supply to match demand for money is not better than just properly adjusting the money supply.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:10:48


you might want to google one of the many cases where millions of dollars of bitcoins were seized through civil forfeiture.


Except it can only maintain its current value if huge server farms in places like China continue to believe mining bitcoin is the best use of their resources, if 51% of mining hashpower doesn't get together and decide to break the blockchain, if it doesn't get replaced by a more popular coin based on exactly the same underlying technology, and if the community doesn't fork itself into overly fragmented irrelevance.
Any emergency that disrupted the power grid or internet access would make bitcoin worthless. You can't have a "decentralized" "store of value" if it requires a centralized power grid and centralized internet to work.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:18:48
Why would you want an updated graph like that? It's clearly bullshit.
It said bitcoin would be $1,000 when it was $216, it said it would be $10,000 when it was $19,000.
To think its predicting anything means counting the hits and ignoring the misses.
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:14:08




@_date: 2018-01-18 14:04:32


Segwit isn't taking a long time to get adopted because of all the thinking going on, its taking a long time because of the high inertia involved in the bitcoin ecosystem as a result of its size.
Large slow moving tech often loses out to small fast moving tech, its a perfectly valid analogy when basic things like Segwit are taking years to implement and are still not even close to fully implemented.


Where else am I supposed to hear good arguments in favor of bitcoin? Should I ask people in an Ethereum sub or heaven forbid, a bcash sub?
I'm not interested in having my opinions reinforced in an echo chamber, I'm interested in exposing myself to ideas I might not have considered before.


I'm only continuing the conversation because you're continuing to make points.
Do you want the conversation to end or to you want to have the last word?
@_date: 2018-01-29 21:20:38
I wouldn't. It makes no sense to have a fixed limit on currency because the amount of things to trade with currency is not fixed.
Currency tokens are for trading goods and services. The more goods and services you have to trade the more tokens you need, in order that the tokens keep a stable value and so can be a useful medium of exchange.
All the most widely used currencies have had some kind of mechanism to increase and decrease their supply to match demand. Even primitive currencies like cowry currency had adjusted supply mechanisms. If there was high demand for tokens to trade with, then the relative value would go up, and so people would spend more time finding and turning shells into currency. If too many people were gathering shells then the value of the shells would decrease and so it wouldn't be worth the time for people to gather them. This kept the currency loosely indexed to the value of labor, which kept it loosely tied to the amount of goods and services to trade in the economy.
There was no way to mass produce shells, and shells could be found at a steady rate, which kept the value relatively stable and stopped it from being too inflationary/deflationary, although there were regional differences in the availability of shells which made it far from a perfect currency.
Because bitcoins supply rate is tied to the processing of blocks, and the processing blocks is limited by difficulty adjustments, it stops a proper market mechanism from evolving where more bitcoins are mined when there is higher demand and less are mined when demand drops, which is why prices are so erratic.
When demand for bitcoin plummets as a result of speculative cycles, supply doesn't drop at all which just exacerbates the instability since supply doesn't drop to meet demand. The same goes for the speculative increases.
@_date: 2018-01-18 18:00:07
I already acknowledged that you can't account each address to one person, it was the very first line in my post. Which is why I cited a range of estimates rather than an exact number.
If you re-read what I wrote you'll notice I said:


before I cited the numbers from addresses. Control != ownership, and neither does a promise from an exchange. A lot of people though they owned coins in Mt Gox. Do you think those bitcoins were evenly distributed when they were stolen?
you can estimate the wealth distribution inside exchanges by using secondary metrics like [the number of people exchanges were forced to report to the IRS](
Only 14,355 people had received or traded more than $20,000 in bitcoin through coinbase in two years, only 6,200 traded more than $60,000. Given that they claim millions of customers this means a tiny number of people are trading a huge percentage of wealth.
@_date: 2018-01-23 14:51:32
Nothing traded at a major investment banks has ever been in a huge bubble exacerbated by underlying fraud?
Have you heard of credit default swaps?
What exactly is your point? If its crashed once and recovered it must be immune ever crashing again?
Try actually disputing a point being made.
@_date: 2018-01-31 18:56:47
So why not just be honest and say "i hope it does well" rather than say "it's doing well" when its clearly not yet.
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:15:10


What changes do you see happening in the next two years that will allow individuals to compete with multibillion dollar hydroelectric dams and offshore windfarms?
Even if the average person knocked down their house to build the biggest wind turbine or solar array legally allowed on their property it would not provide the scales required to compete with large renewable energy producers.
@_date: 2018-01-14 21:20:28


So in an economy with 10% deflation, people will only ever invest in high risk investments that provide more than 10% return on investment, or just sit on their money?
Do I need to point out the problem with that?
@_date: 2018-01-13 18:07:17


I was talking about the fallacy I myself constructed, not your interpretation. How can I strawman my own argument?
If you think my deliberately ridiculous argument said something else other than what I am now telling you I meant its because you chose to interpret it other than how it was intended. I admire the contrarian urge to find something true in something someone thinks its false but that doesn't make it a straw men when your interpretation is different what what I meant.


There are plenty of times bitcoins price has gone up as fees have come down and vice versa. There is only a loose correlation between the two.
This is the very fallacy I was talking about. Assuming a linear causal relationship between price and fees in either direction. I chose to pretend fees caused the price to go up because its more ridiculous but the reverse causal relationship is also false. A and B are correlated. As I said before that does not mean A causes B, nor does B cause A, both A and B are caused by a separate factors.
Fees correlate with price because of how spikes in speculative demand correlate with demand for space on the blockchain, but there is no direct causal relationship. Fees can increase as a result of lots of people trying to sell, and price can go up gradually even as trading frequency decreases. It so happens when lots of people try to buy in a short amount of time it causes both price and fees to go up.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:45:12
Bitcoins price is either going to go up or down (or a tiny percent chance of it staying exactly the same ).
If you draw a line going up and bitcoins price goes up, and you ignore all the times the price doesn't match the line, you haven't said anything more useful than "I predict bitcoins price will go up", which isn't a particularly impressive prediction for something in a speculative bubble.
Between 2014 and early 2017 that graph is completely wrong. The real line of best fit goes down, not up. Is a nearly 3 year downtrend an "outlier"? How many years does the prediction have to be wrong for before it stops being an outlier? If the actual price touches the predicted price at any point in the future does that make it an accurate prediction?
You could have said the same thing during the gold bubble and the housing bubble. Eventually both gold and housing will probably be worth more than they were at the peak of their bubbles. That doesn't mean you could just draw a line going up on a graph and say "I successfully predicted the price of gold and housing as long as you ignore those years when the price crashes as an outlier"
@_date: 2018-01-09 14:57:44
continued block rewards instead of fees would both end the perverse incentive to make fees go as high as possible as well as avoiding hyper-deflation from fixed supply.
but then it wouldn't be as profitable to speculate on so we can't do that.
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:46:54


Crypto markets can also crash. Exchanges turn out to be fraudsters. Tether turns out to be bullshit.
Strange to bring up "ponzi operators" when bitcoin relies on a pyramid scheme to keep increasing in value, and pyramid schemes are ponzi schemes less reputable cousin:




@_date: 2018-01-22 15:35:00
"without a central planner"
Satoshi planned what the supply rate would be for the next 100 years.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:55:28


It was those actions (such as improvements to the land) that generated the wealth, not the act of land buying. That wealth is generated whether you own the land or merely rent it.
Buying up land is [rent-seeking]( its really not a controversial subject in economics that rent-seeking is distinct from wealth generation.
Buying up land is literally the textbook definition of rent-seeking, its where the term originated, even though there are other forms of rent-seeking that don't involve collecting literal 'rents'.


Buying up shares is not rent seeking, you're buying ownership in a wealth generating machine. If the machine generates no wealth and goes bankrupt your shares are worthless (unless you're buying up shares in a rent-seeking business like a land bank, in which case you're just outsourcing rent seeking).
When amazon sells shares in its business that money goes into helping the business generate wealth. In exchange you get a percentage of that business and its profits. you as part owner of that business get to make decisions on how and where those profits are reinvested. If your investment helps the company make money you will receive a return on your investment. If you invest in a company that makes no money and goes bankrupt your shares will become worthless.


I never said land wasn't wealth, I said buying up land doesn't generate wealth. The same amount of land exists regardless of who owns it, or if no one does. It merely transfers legal permission of who can use the land and charge rents for it. The permission itself is not wealth, any more than buying and selling permissions to drive a taxi is wealth.
People who made money from buying and selling taxi licenses where not profiting from generating wealth, they were profiting from people who generated wealth (in the form of services), who were forced to pay them money in order to generate wealth. Rent-seeking.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:35:41
As long as rent-seeking isn't a thing that exists then we're golden.
@_date: 2018-01-12 13:56:27
One of the biggest exchanges is responsible for a huge amount of traffic?
Sounds like the kind of malicious scheme Roger Ver would cook up.
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:52:21


People think crypto is losing value, so they're going to sell into another crypto that's pegged to the value of the dollar, but is not actually a dollar, and a relies on a private company being honest about how many dollars it has in reserve, even though its had years to do an external audit and never has despite the fact much smaller exchanges have been audited?
If people are panicking why aren't they also trying to redeem huge amounts of Tether for dollars? They have more faith in Tether than dollars? How is that possible when Tethers value is pegged to the dollar? 


Tether is pegged to those counterfeit Federal Reserve Notes. If you think dollars are worthless then so is Tether, except you can actually use dollars to pay your rent and buy food.
If you're against federal reserve why in fuck would you have faith in a private reserve with no auditing, that says in their T and Cs that they are under no obligation to give you anything in exchange for Tether.
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:01:37
Gimmick to get a bit of publicity/someone with bitcoin might buy it for the novelty of saying they spent a bitcoin somewhere.
@_date: 2018-01-19 15:05:20
Sounds like Lightning is better in every way then. Merchants must be trampling one another to get involved with such obvious benefits and no drawbacks, and are abandoning those expensive and useless debit cards.
Unless there's some problem you've overlooked.


Have you spent $100 on lightning network yet?
If you have then I guess its cheaper than a debit card, for your vendor at least, as long as you never need to close it or open another channel. Can't see why you'd ever need to do that on a network barely anyone is using.
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:04:18
don't you want them to get it right? good programming takes time.
rush out your shitcoins and bitcoin will still be standing there at the end like a golden god.
tortoise beats the hare yo,
we all know the longer a software project takes to develop the better it must be. Look how great Duke Nukem Forever was.
@_date: 2018-01-11 14:52:23


A big dev team might help solutions in the future, but it certainly isn't helping now.
There are solutions like SegWit that they're still trying to get adopted in bitcoin that were already incorporated into other coins from the start. Smaller leaner teams often have a huge advantage when it comes to innovating in tech. Not having to be shackled to an existing codebase or ecosystem allows for a lot more freedom to innovate.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:49:03
Was there a crash in house prices in 2008?
Because housing didn't lose anywhere close to 75% of its value, it didn't even lose half, but it lost enough to seriously jeopardize the global economy.
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:11:53


How could it predict bitcoin being overtaken by competitors? how could it predict the creation of new technology that makes bitcoin obsolete? how could it predict a downturn in the global economy? How could it predict the value of the US dollar, or any of the other thousands variables that would have a significant effect on the price of bitcoin?
you cannot predict a complex multi-variable dynamic system just by performing maths on measurements of a single variable.


And it missed when it would hit $19,000 by nearly a year. Apparently it shouldn't have gone that high til late 2018. It missed when it would hit $1,000 by 2 years. 
Why is it always an "outlier" when the graph is wrong (which is the majority of the time), but when it happens to coincide with what the actual price is, then its true? Because the line happens to be going upwards and so is bitcoins price?
Bitcoins price is either going to go up or down or stay the same. If you draw a line going up and then just ignore multiple year time periods the price doesn't match the line so long as the price now is higher than it was before then you haven't said anything more interesting than "i predict bitcoin will go up in value".
If you have such faith in the power of this regression analysis, why don't you apply it to historical graphs on gold price or housing price before their bubbles crashed and see if it successfully predicts it? Or does the power of maths to predict the future from a single variable only work on bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-01-07 14:05:30


40% of hashing power has already been in the hands of a single mining group before.
You think 40% is possible but 51% is beyond the realms of possibility?
Economies of scale make further concentration of hashing power more likely, not less. All you're hoping for is that no mining group ever does get 51% of hashing power, and if it does, that its more profitable for them to not abuse their power than to abuse it.


Which is why its not a good idea to put your life savings into something that will become obsolete with future technology.
Was it was a good idea to buy shares in Nokia around the time the iPhone was coming out?


Well I guess so long as you never need to put bitcoin on an internet connected device to use it then there's no security problems.


These are all responses to reasons you brought up. If you like bitcoin because it "isn't hackable and can never be taken from me", why don't you like gold more? There's no 51% attack for gold, quantum computing isn't going to turn all gold into dust, if your computer gets hacked someone can't teleport gold into their account.
@_date: 2018-01-29 22:55:28
I'm aware of what frangibility is, i mention it in my post.
Frangibility does not equal supply.
Infinitely dividing 1 doesn't give you anymore than 1.
If there were only 2 bitcoins in the world, 1 held by Satoshi, the other released into the wild to be divided infinitely as currency, no matter how much you divided it, 50% of the currency would still be in the hands of one person.
There are people with hundreds of thousands of bitcoins. 80% of bitcoins have already been mined and in they're in the hands of less than 0.1% of the population. The idea of every else just using smaller and smaller divisions of bitcoins means those few people who hoarded millions of bitcoins would own a bigger and bigger percentage of the worlds wealth, and would never have to work again because if people use smaller and smaller divisions of bitcoin that means they're getting richer and richer just doing nothing. They would be permanently in control of the vast majority of the money supply with no reason to ever give up anything other than an ever decreasing sliver of their holdings.
It should be obvious why no one is going to use that currency apart from people attempting to install themselves at the top of a pyramid scheme without thinking why anyone else would want to fund install them as trillionaire god emperors for life.
No fixed supply currency has ever hit mainstream adoption for what are obvious reasons if you stop and think what the purpose of currency is. All its for is to give someone an IOU when you don't have anything you directly want to exchange. There is no way you can force me to pay thousands for a tiny sliver of an IOU you paid almost nothing for when I can just use something else.
@_date: 2018-01-20 13:50:07


I'm not a Keynsian. Opposing deflation doesn't mean you have to support inflation.


This is what Friedrich Hayek had to say about deflation:






It's hyper-deflationary. I'm not sure why you think hyper-deflation gives anyone more options than hyper-inflation. Except currency that is hoarded generates no value and only profits the hoarder via zero-sum rent-seeking.
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:10:56
Why are you more concerned with the mental health of one critic of Tether rather than Tether itself?
One is of no consequence the other is of massive consequence.
This seems like a very weak attempt to discredit criticism of terror by just focusing on character attacks rather than actually making an argument. I don't give a shit whether this guy is crazy or a shill, I care whether Tether actually have the money they say they do and whether they're flooding the market with billions of unbacked reserve notes.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:39:01
There's a difference between moving wealth and generating it.
How does sitting on bitcoin generate a house or a Tesla?
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:59:55
Don't worry, I agree with you, I'm just parodying speculator logic where as long as the price goes up everything is fine.
Once you come to this conclusion then you have to ask what incentives are causing people to hoard bitcoin rather than spend it and that undermines the entire idea behind deflationary currency.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:43:39
Bottlenecks and high transaction costs increase bitcoins utility.
We all know bitcoins value comes from being a store of wealth, not a currency.
The harder it is to move bitcoin, the more people hodl, the more people hodl, the higher the price goes.
If being a currency was actually the most profitable use of bitcoin, why would the price have skyrocketed since fees and delays started increasing?
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:18:59


I can see how that system helps balance income equality. People who are so poor they don't have any savings (or only have debt) and people who were rich enough to buy hundreds of thousands of bitcoin when they were only a few dollars all get the same opportunity to share equally in the 10,000% gains of bitcoin. All shall prosper equally thanks to bitcoin.
Why would we want a currency that just keeps a steady value so there's no inherent advantage/disadvantage to being born after the time when the currency was at its all time cheapest, when we can have one that will turn 1,000 people into trillionaires so long as the rest of the world keeps paying higher and higher prices for smaller and smaller increments of bitcoin?


The people who believed in it first were the people who genuinely thought it was going to be a currency and spent 10,000 bitcoin on a pizza, and didn't realize its a terrible idea to use this currency to buy goods and services instead of just sitting on.
The people who have made the most money on bitcoin (the 0.00001%) are the people who were already rich and so could afford to buy up huge amounts of currency. It has nothing to do with how much you "believe" in it, its to do with how much you can afford to speculate on artificial scarcity.
@_date: 2018-01-07 13:55:26


It undermines its use as a currency.
It doesn't undermine its use as a speculative asset, it improves it because it makes it easier to liquidate rather than having to personally sell it on exchanges, although you are of course paying for someone else to do it for you, which is why not many people do it and why adoption of those services is decreasing.
People already get paid in fiat, they don't need to constantly liquidate assets they bought specifically to speculate on when they can just use the money they got to buy them in the first place instead.
If everything you want to achieve with bitcoin can be achieved simply by buying and selling bitcoin for dollars through various services, then why does it ever need to be a currency? Course if you think its going to be valuable because its the currency of the future that presents a problem.


Well yeah, they're both ways of paying for something. Apart from everything that makes them work differently they work exactly the same way.
To the question of whether its actually using bitcoin as a currency, the fact that a centralized VISA interchange can't transfer ownership of bitcoins is actually relevant.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:37:49
That didn't really answer anything I brought up.
Selling an investment to pay for something (or directly "spending" the investment), when cash is cheaper, quicker, and has no opportunity cost makes no sense.
The only reason you would do it is if you had absolutely no cash and only investments, which raises the question why you would have put all your cash into investments only then to have to pay a higher fee to buy goods and services.
Even the dumbest investor should be able to work that out.
Tax refunds is completely irrelevant to the difference between currency and investments.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:53:36
Okay then, I predict at some point in 2018 bitcoin will hit $10,000
if bitcoin hits anywhere between $2,000 and $18,000 in the next 2 years, apparently that's a meaningful prediction.


If you draw a line on a graph going up, a line going down and a line going straight, one of those lines is going to be right if you just ignore all the times it doesn't match the line and just say "well the rough direction of the line is accurate"
predicting that a speculative bubble that is going up, will continue to go up, isn't predicting anything, its just noticing an existing trend. Anyone can notice a bubble when they see one, every genius who thought investing in gold was a sure thing and that gold is just going to keep going up thought the same thing. And they were right, until they weren't. 
 a "rough" prediction isn't telling you anything its just letting yourself fool yourself into thinking you know something you don't.
If you can't tell me what bitcoin is going to be worth 2 weeks from now you sure as shit can't tell me how much it will be worth 2 years from now, there are exponentially more variables at play over such a long time period.
@_date: 2018-01-27 19:41:38


The entire world abandoning deflationary currencies like gold coins says otherwise.
And it wasn't because of frangibility. Pure gold is terrible for coins because its too soft. Almost all gold coins in history have been alloyed with silver or copper or other metals to make them harder. You can make a 1 cent gold coin the size of a pizza if you wanted.
People don't use deflationary currency like gold for exactly the same reason they don't use deflationary currencies like bitcoin. If it keeps going up in value then people will hoard it and use things that don't keep going up in value as a currency instead. It causes a deflationary spiral that eventually leads to the abandonment of a currency. Gold was only mildly deflationary so it took a long time to be abandoned. Bitcoin is hyper-deflationary, so the transition from currency to speculative asset has been much more rapid. Course once gold was abandoned as currency it still had value as a jewelry and for electronics and other industrial uses.
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:01:49


I made the argument that Lightning won't provide bitcoin with any unique advantages because its open source and can be made to work with basically any coin. 


ETH does a million transactions a day, although somehow I guess you're going to come up with some reason why that doesn't count.
I'm guessing this is why you said "transactions per block" at first not just overall transactions, so you could narrow down the question to come to the right answer.
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:12:29
That's not a switching cost that's a cost of picking the wrong coin to speculate on.
If you sold all your litecoin and bought bitcoin when it hit 19,000, you'd be down significantly now. That doesn't mean there's a cost in switching from litecoin to bitcoin. The only cost you would incur in switching from one coin to another is the cost the exchange would charge you to convert one to the other, which is negligible compared to the 100-1000%+ gains that some coins are making. There is no switching cost for new investments. The cost is the same regardless of what coin you have, the cost of fees on exchanges. 
If you're putting new money in you're free to pick whatever coin you like. There is no extra cost for buying litecoin or ethereum instead of bitcoin.
If switching costs actually mattered you wouldn't have seen bitcoin lose half its market share over the last year.
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:35:51
Are you going to be using it to buy goods and services instead then?
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:40:48


No bitcoin is being transferred. You can't transfer bitcoin on a VISA interchange, or any other fiat interchange. The whole reason a "bitcoin credit card" is faster than bitcoin is because its just a regular fiat credit card which is ran by a company that will sell your bitcoins on your behalf on an exchange.
Selling something for fiat and then using the fiat to buy goods and services doesn't make that something money. You can sell anything and put the money on a VISA card account. There are credit cards that allow you to "spend" gold and other precious metals, you're not actually using them as currency.
It directly undermines the prospect that bitcoin is valuable because it will replace dollars as a currency if all you ever do with bitcoin is buy and sell them for dollars to use them as currency. It directly undermines the prospect that a decentralized blockchain currency can replace centralized fiat currency if you do all your transactions on a centralized VISA interchange.


A VISA interchange is a centralized fiat payment network, Lightning is a 2nd layer P2P meshnet that settles on a decentralized blockchain.
They work completely differently.


Why would they care? They don't care what you fund your VISA card with, they get paid dollars (or local fiat) regardless.
Adoption is going down, not up.
5 of the top 500 US retailers accepted some form of bitcoin related payment system in 2014, now its only 3.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:27:18
The same applies whether you're "cashing out" or buying goods and services.
If you bought 100,000 bitcoin when each bitcoin could buy an apple, and then it gets to the point where each bitcoin can buy a house, the only way that can happen is if someone was willing to give you a house for something that you only paid the equivalent of an apple for.
@_date: 2018-01-24 15:48:25
Why not Tether?
Until it either produces an audit or gets shut down it remains one of the biggest potential vulnerabilities in the market. 
Are there many other coins claiming to be backed by a USD reserve of over 2 billion dollars, who's fortunes are tied with one of biggest exchanges? Are there other coins that printed $400,000,000 of new currency last week, to seemingly no decrease in its value (because apparently all those Tethers are backed by dollars, deposited from mystery banks)?
Markets can be highly irrational with incomplete information. Everyone assumed CDSs were rock solid until people realized banks had been lying about what was in them.
If there were better responses to the concerns raised I'd be more sympathetic, but all I've seen is either character attacks, or people claiming that there's no way they could be unbacked because they're making so much money which is a dumb circular argument.
I really don't get the idea of "oh this guy talking about it is crazy" as any way relevant, even if he's crazy there's still obviously a large problem, it just seems like a cheap way to dismiss concerns.
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:58:10
So when someone sits on bitcoin for 6 years, and sells it for a 10,000x profit, they've not generated any wealth, wealth has simply moved from one pocket to another.
It's a speculative cycle that relies on the expectation that each buyer will be able to find a buyer who will pay even more at some point. It doesn't rely on bitcoin ever being useful as a currency or generating wealth.
If confidence in bitcoin collapses before it every becomes useful for anything then all it will have facilitated is a movement of wealth from the first people who had bitcoins to the last.
This is the problem that comes from thinking scarcity = value and therefore the more scarce a currency is the more valuable it will be.
A currency that is just hoarded and not used for buying and selling services doesn't generate any wealth, and ceases to be a currency. Fixed supply is a recipe for speculative bubbles and hoarding.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:45:55
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:58:48


That's not how money works.
Velocity of money increases supply relative to demand, it doesn't decrease it.
MV = PQ 
M = quantity of money, V = velocity, P =  price level and Q = an index of real expenditures.
The more money you have and the faster it is changing hands the higher prices of things in that currency will be.
During the great depression the value of the dollar rose 33%. It wasn't because everyone was spending dollars like crazy, the opposite was true. Deflation was encouraging hoarding and hoarding itself is deflationary (reduces circulating supply of currency), which leads to a deflationary spiral.
Velocity of the dollar dropped dramatically during the great depression and it was because of the incentive to rent-seek via hoarding which was created by monetary deflation.
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:05:42
You get less financial risk by diversifying, not by keeping all your money in one asset.
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:03:48
Now do a graph showing total market cap of dollars.
According to the idea that high purchasing power = good, lower purchasing power = bad, the 1930s were a better time for the US economy than the 1970s
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:25:02


It's as easy as buying and selling bitcoin. Almost every exchange buys and sells several different coins. You can even trade bitcoin directly for other coins.
If you can "buy the dip" in bitcoin you can also buy other coins.
It's not like HODLers are actually depending on bitcoin to run their businesses, they're just using it as an investment. There is no switching cost other than the commission and fees. If that isn't stopping you buying bitcoin it won't stop anyone buying a coin that starts seeing a higher return on investment.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:34:46


That's using a bank, is it not?


Those also used banks.
Getting a company to use a banking on your behalf isn't the same thing as not using banks. 
All use of crypto I've heard of is at some point using banks as on/off ramps for fiat.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:07:53


Apart from increasing in price what is it actually valuable for? What will it have value for once it stops increasing in price?


Bitcoins value is far less in your control than precious metals like gold.
There's no 51% attack for gold, you don't need gold miners to continue to mine gold for gold to still work, gold doesn't require network effects to be valuable, gold mining isn't going to "fork" and cause people to switch to a version of gold that is much more plentiful and so less expensive, gold doesn't rely on artificial scarcity to be valuable, its naturally scarce. 
@_date: 2018-01-10 19:40:27
That has nothing to do with it.
What kind of person doesn't realize bitcoin goes up in value and dollars go down in value? Why are they even buying bitcoin in the first place if they don't know that? So they can pay $20 in fees to buy their gym membership?
If you have both it makes sense to spend the one that goes down in value, not the one that goes up. you do not need to be an "investor" to work that out, which is why actually no one spends bitcoin, they just "hodl"
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:27:04


Yeah, that's a lot more convenient than spending $20 and waiting 6 hours to make a transaction.
Also Fiat debit cards are also much quicker and easier.
@_date: 2018-01-12 13:17:36
Which is why when people have two spendable currencies, one that goes up in value, one that goes down, they spend the one that goes down first.
This is the dynamic that keeps deflationary currency out of circulation. As soon as a currency becomes more valuable as an asset than a currency people start hoarding it and stop spending it. Aristophanes writes over 2000 years ago how people hoarded gold coins and only spent base metal coins.
It's the reason no countries are still minting gold coins for actual use. Gold coins everywhere in the world have been retired as an active currency, people only use them as assets now. There's no reason anyone would ever spend a gold coin when you can spend a paper note or nickel coin instead.
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:32:00


Shit, you got me, I'm a fool, never before has the largest and most profitable exchange in crypto engaged in fraud and collapsed. If they say they have all the money they claim to have, they must definitely be telling the truth, even if they refuse to get audited despite repeated promises. It's literally impossible for the largest crypto exchange to lie or engage in fraud.


Why would anyone invest in an obvious fraud? it doesn't make sense. Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC was one of the biggest market maker businesses in the world. There would be no reason for such a profitable investment group to engage in fraud. Use some reason.
You haven't actually made any other points here besides accuse me of "hysterical sissy drama" and FUD, and just assert that Bitfinex's business model is not a fraud, so since those aren't arguments I have no responses to them.
@_date: 2018-01-02 10:04:55


So everything you've said is irrelevant then since the points I've made were in response to someone who claimed that there is a switching cost to switching coins.


There's more risk in having everything invested in one investment than having a diverse portfolio. C'mon man, you can't be this dense.
@_date: 2018-01-20 16:01:34
You told me to read Austrian school economics despite leading Austrian school economists like Hayek opposing deflationary monetary policy.
Would you care to give me your reasoning for why Hayek was wrong about deflation being undesirable?


Deflation is also theft just in the opposite direction. Where do you think the value is coming from if you just sit on money and never produce anything of value, yet the value of the money you hold increases by 1000%? 
its coming from other people who are actually generating wealth. If everyone just hoarded money and no one generated any wealth then money would be worthless. 
It's an ad hoc rationalization to try and justify deflation as being some kind of "reward" for investment when all it is doing is rent-seeking off scarcity of currency. Deflation isn't a reward for hoarding anymore than inflation is a reward for borrowing. Those are side effects of manipulating the supply of money.
@_date: 2018-01-05 23:35:50
If you're only buying bitcoins with dollars then selling them for dollars you're not using it "for financial transactions", you're using dollars. Bitcoins are just something you're buying and selling with dollars, like you can buy and sell anything with dollars.
Dollars are a "2nd layer solution" for anything.
You can trade a ton of soybeans for a massage, or a piano lesson for a pair of shoes, if you use dollars in between.
That doesn't make any of those things currency. currency is a medium of exchange. If you have to exchange it for something else before you can trade with anybody its not a currency.
@_date: 2018-01-19 14:47:04


How did you get that from anything I said?
I referenced weather forecasting so clearly I believe forecasting is possible. I said you can't predict a complex multi-variable dynamic system by analyzing only one variable. That doesn't mean you can't predict anything. Weather forecasting doesn't work by only looking at one variable and assuming you can work out what will happen just by looking at measurements of that variable without trying to understand the relationship between that variable and all the others that effect it.
If you think its possible to predict future temperature just by looking at temperature measurements alone then you must know something the worlds meteorologists don't. Or else you think somehow economies aren't dynamic systems and the only thing that affects current price is previous price.
you cannot reverse engineer temperature data to tell you whats going to happen with solar radiation, algae growth, green house gas production and all the other variables that contribute to temperature. It's a dynamic system. You can arrive at the same temperature by billions of different combinations of variables.
Likewise you cannot reverse engineer price to tell you all the factors of supply and demand that contribute to price. It's a dynamic system. you can arrive at the same price in billions of difference ways. 


What probability does that regression say that bitcoin will become worthless at some point in the next 10 years? 0%? 1%?
It's all probabilistic so you should be able to say what the range of probability is.
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:59:03


There's two explanations, one I gave in the sentence directly after the one you quoted, which is that pricing relies on imperfect information and markets aren't always rational. 
The other is that just because price is a measure of wealth doesn't mean its a measure of wealth generated. It can just measure movement of wealth:
When France switched to the euro, it didn't destroy all the wealth represented by Francs just because Francs became worthless, it just switched from being measured and traded in Francs to euros. Whether they generated any wealth compared to national currencies they were based on would be very difficult to calculate. 
If people switch from dollars to bitcoin it doesn't mean wealth is being generated anymore than it was generated by swapping from Francs to Euros. Most of the money moving into crypto is from speculators. Each speculator only gains by as much as they can persuade the next guy to pay him, and loses by as much. It's zero sum. Only using bitcoin to generate wealth can generate wealth. Simply trading bitcoin back and forth with other cryptos doesn't generate anything. It's just numbers moving round on machines unless it facilitates wealth generating trade. 


Depends on the house. Some houses are completely worthless because they're in areas no one wants to live. 
The price of a house is a good measure of how much wealth it represents. There's a reason why some houses sell for a dollar, because the house itself just represents a massive cost, so the person owning it would rather give it away for a token sum than keep hold of it.
These houses are not wealth because they consume more wealth to take down than can be reclaimed from their materials. They represent a net loss of wealth.


Less than 0.1% of the worlds population has bitcoin and only a tiny fraction of them are actually doing anything but hoarding them. 
Demand will have to double many, many times, while supply is halving. you think price is going to stabilize during that time? At its current growth rate it will take decades of hyper-deflation to get to the point where demand gets big enough to slow down. Even if 100% of people adopted bitcoin and weren't using any other currency, demand would still keep growing because demand for currency isn't just set by the number of people using (and the earths population is still growing), its set by the demand in goods and services being traded. And by this point overall supply will actually be decreasing, not just the rate but the total available supply.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:25:30


The problem is it causes a deflationary spiral where hoarding money (which creates no wealth) becomes more profitable than using money to trade goods and services (which is the only way money can create wealth). The more people hoard money, the more valuable it becomes, and the more people decide to hoard money rather than use it.
Money only generates wealth by facilitating trading. If your money increases in value even though you didn't produce anything of value, that value is coming from other people, and that is only possible if the amount currency doesn't keep pace with the amount of wealth produced. This allows for rent seeking where you hoard lots of money and then exploit the shortage of money to profit from other peoples hard work.


Hoarding money was bad for the economy during the Great Depression, which is the time period we're talking about.
Demand for and production of goods and services plummeted because the value of the dollar was skyrocketing. people started hoarding money instead of using it for trade, which caused many wealth producing businesses to go bankrupt which caused mass unemployment which caused mass malnutrition as the government struggled to cope with so many people going unemployed at the same time as the economy was tanking.
Google the causes of the Great Depression if you don't believe me. Even Austrian school economists like Hayek agreed that deflation was bad


The purchasing power of the dollar went up 30% during the Great Depression. Do you think people got richer and the economy got better during that time?
Money is not wealth, money is a token for wealth. If you destroyed half the dollars in the world, the value of the dollar would roughly double. That does not mean destroying half the dollars in the world doubles the amount of wealth.
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:38:15


I make XCoin with 1,000,000,000 Xcoins premined. I sell you 1 Xcoin for a dollar. 
Xcoin market cap is now 1 trillion dollars.
Not anywhere close to a trillion dollars has gone into crypto. There are millions of bitcoins that have not been moved for years. 50% of bitcoins were already distributed when the price was only $5, and most of them were distributed long before it hit $5.
"1 billion is less than 1 trillion so it can't be a scam" completely misses the argument. The argument is that the market cap is only anywhere close to a trillion because a they've been pumping the market in a private currency that is supposedly pegged to the dollar and backed by customers deposits but which they cannot provide any external audit to prove that money actually exists.


This is not an argument. If the only way they are remaining solvent and making money is by lying about their reserves then they're not jeopardizing anything.
Why the fuck would Bernie Madoff jeopardize his legitimate investment fund by running a ponzi scheme?
@_date: 2018-01-14 18:24:07


We've had 10% inflation in the 70s. The last time we had 10% deflation was the Great Depression. Try to find an example of an economy that had 10% deflation for a few months and who's economy didn't go completely to shit.
Inflation and deflation don't have symmetrical effects because money only generates wealth by facilitating wealth generating trades, so encouraging and discouraging trade doesn't have symmetrical effects. High inflation encourages over-spending but it doesn't discourage wealth generating trade. If you just bury money in a hole somewhere it never generates any wealth despite it increasing in value if deflation is allowed to happen. It's other peoples wealth generation that is increasing its value, its rent seeking.


Why is anyone not already investing in the highest possible returns they can get? There is diminishing returns on how much money you can invest, there is a natural limit on how fast an economy can grow. If Tesla company is making 10% returns a year a government can't just give it a trillion dollars and make 10% on it.
Exactly what you suggest should happen is what happens during a deflationary spiral. People only invest in the parts of the economy that give better returns than deflation, which means all the parts of the economy that were previously generating wealth, but not at a high enough rate to beat the returns of just sitting on cash, start to wither and die for lack of investment, and then eventually even the parts of the economy that were growing faster than deflation (but were dependent on the other parts of the economy to function), start to wither as well.


Again it assumes there's no natural rate or limit on economic growth, and if the deflation rate is 10% well then you just charge 11% interest.
No one can afford a mortgage at 10% deflation even if the interest rate is 0. If you take out a $100,000 mortgage at 0% interest and 10% deflation, your salary would have to increase in relative value by $10,000 a year (and more every subsequent year) just to keep pace with the increase in debt. Salaries keep rough pace with inflation and deflation because they're based on the relative value of labor not the arbitrary number you get paid. 
@_date: 2018-01-05 20:32:13
It's not a 2nd layer, its just getting a company to sell bitcoins and use dollars.
you can sell anything for dollars and then use dollars to buy stuff.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:00:17


1,000 people (0.00001% of the world population) own 20-40% of all bitcoin. Somewhere between 0.01 and 0.1% of people own any bitcoin at all.
you have an odd way of protesting income inequality if you think the answer is to buy into a system that allows a tiny percentage of ultra-rich people to make huge fortunes profiteering off controlling access to the money supply.
If these same people could just buy up billions of dollars and then make trillions as people had to pay them inflated prices to get access to a medium of exchange to run their lives, would you consider that a triumph for monetary policy?
Thankfully the future some people see where bitcoin is worth millions and is a mainstream currency will never happen and its only speculators getting duped, but it doesn't stop the sentiment (99.99% of people enriching a tiny elite in return for access to a medium of exchange) being a mean and petty one.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:34:04
How is someone getting paid a $1 a day going to be able to afford to use a currency that costs $10+ to make a transaction with? How is that going to get them out of POVERTY?
People who bought the most bitcoins early on when they were cheapest will profit most from rises in price. Who is paying for those profits if not late comers? How is poor people paying for the gains of millionaires helping them?
@_date: 2018-01-19 14:20:42
The first internet ecommerce transactions didn't require you to spend $20 on a $5 transaction, neither did the first credit cards.
Good analogy otherwise.
@_date: 2018-01-09 20:04:19
If gold is money, find me a store that will accept payment in gold coins and get back to me.
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:29:06


Is SegWit in other coins really more untested than in Bitcoin? Seems to be working fine.
SegWit isn't taking a long time to roll out on Bitcoin because its gone through so much more rigorous testing, its simply because the inertia is so much bigger its hard to get people to quickly adopt changes.


This makes a refreshing change from referring to every other coin as a shitcoin/PND scam but I'm not sure its so much an accurate portrayal of the general community. I almost never see any other coin discussed positively here. At best you get "well no one is forcing you to use bitcoin so fuck off" or "xCoin might be okay for microtransactions but lightning will solve that for bitcoin and no one cares about microtransactions, xCoin is silver, bitcoin is GOLD"
@_date: 2018-01-02 10:08:31
having the "hodl" mentality back then would mean you'd make no return on investment for 4 years.
You could have sold at $1000, blown half the money on limited edition pogs and then bought back in at $250 and still be up compared to if you had just HODLed.
People who think HODLing is some kind of financial strategy are the kind of people who only count their winnings in gambling.
@_date: 2018-01-18 13:02:14


IE got plenty of updates. It still ate shit from Chrome no matter how much talent and resources Microsoft threw at it, no matter how big Microsofts head start and monopoly advantage was.
It's been years and Bitcoin hasn't even fully adopted Segwit yet, when its been built into other coins from the start.
You can't just say "everything will be fixed in the future" when its clear that Bitcoin is lagging well beyond other coins in implementing technical fixes precisely because it got so big so quick it takes much longer to get a consensus on implementing upgrades.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:55:08
I said gold coins, I'm not talking about the gold standard I'm talking about which metals were used for coinage.
Gold coins were abandoned as currency long before we went off the gold standard.
There's a reason gold coins were abandoned but copper and zinc have been in use for over 2000 years. And its not frangibility. All gold coins were alloys and there's nothing stopping people from just making lower percentage gold coins, except for the fact that gold is too deflationary to keep a steady value as a coin. People were constantly shaving and melting down gold coins because they were constantly becoming worth more as metal than as a coin.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:38:44


How is it a store of value again?
@_date: 2018-01-06 18:13:56


9 years ago $20,000 of bitcoin would now be worth billions. Making $80k off a $20k investment when its far more likely to significantly decrease now than it was 9 years ago is not a good investment.
The risk is far higher and the potential reward is much lower. The reasons buying $20,000 of bitcoin would have made you a lot of money in 2010 no longer apply.
There's other coins that have made milllion percent increases in recent months. If your fantasy is to get rich quick off a minimal investment then bitcoin is not the coin for you.


Bitcoin has lost 80% of its value twice in the last 8 years, one of those times it was for nearly a year.
It's had several flash crashes of 50% during that time, which would have wiped out half your worth if you were forced to liquidize during those points.
How is that more "sound" than the USD? USD loses 0-3% of its value a year, which is far more tolerable than losing 80% of its value for a year. If you want something that goes up in value you can buy it with USD. USD is for buying and selling, not saving.
Someone who got paid in bitcoin a month ago now has lot less wealth than if they would if they were just paid in dollars.
The store of value argument is bullshit, its not a store of value its a speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:26:16
you could but you wouldn't want to, which is why a currency that is more profitable to hoard instead of spend will cease to be used as currency and will be replaced by currencies that are more profitable to spend than hoard.
Gold coins got abandoned because no one wanted to spend a gold coin which went up in value faster than other coins and notes they could also spend. Gold coins were better for saving than spending so people just saved them and spent other coins until eventually no one ever spent a gold coin so governments stopped issuing them as legal tender.
"if you don't want to lose the gains from spending a gold coin, just buy it back" is not a solution, its just the same as not spending it in the first place and using whatever money you would use to buy the gold coin in the first place, except with more steps so its less efficient so no one does it.
@_date: 2018-01-31 21:19:31


I understand the devs say they don't want people using mainnet for commerce and its only going to make development harder if they do.
Do you understand something the devs dont?
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:27:50


So then in what way is a centralized system of more limited capacity? 


This is assuming some kind of fixed limit to how many cars can fit on the highway. If you don't hit the limit then the quickest route is the best. 
If there's a limit, I would guess its how many transactions can actually be processed. I know little of database science but I assume you can process information quicker on one giant server (or several giant servers) than on tens of thousands of desktop computers that all have to agree with each other and check no one is trying to cheat the system.
VISA interchange can handle 28,000 tx/s and rarely gets more than a few thousand. I don't see how capacity is even a selling point. 
This started with the question of how could lightning be cheaper and I've still not seen any explanation for how this could be so.
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:38:27
Whatever crypto you're invested in could crash to nothing and be replaced by a crypto that doesn't even exist yet.
Any crypto that would work as a functional currency isn't something you could use to make money on.
If you could just buy up dollars and then sell them on for 20x more a year later, there's an obvious reason people would stop using dollars to trade.
@_date: 2018-01-09 15:00:27


How is spending $10 on fees and waiting 4+ hours to confirm more convenient than just using dollars again?
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:36:44
If dollars were cost nothing to move about and didn't go down in value, what would you do with them that you're not currently doing with them?
Currency is just a means of trading wealth, not the wealth itself.
Asking what business opportunities crypto affords is like asking what business opportunities dollars afford. Anything you can buy and sell with, tempered by a few unique selling points like it being pseudonymous and easier to move across countries than other currencies. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:12:16
It's like 10,000 spoons when all you need is a stable store of value
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:42:41


Well then you weren't paying attention to what this thread was about.
someone said that switching search engines is really easy, implying switching coins is difficult.
Speculative assets do not suffer from switching costs. Not only is there not a cost to being invested in multiple different coins, but there is a cost to not diversifying because it unnecessarily increases your risk profile.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:14:19
This guy gets it.
Did the same thing with my Blockbuster shares.
People are ALWAYS going to want to watch movies. This Netflix thing is just a short term blip. In the long term the value is guaranteed to go up.
@_date: 2018-01-29 21:07:16


They're both still crashes.
Whether it takes a long time for a price to rise signifcantly or a short time, a close to halving in value in a short period of time can be accurately referred to as a crash.
@_date: 2018-01-28 17:33:49
Why do you care about HODLing then?
HODLing only makes sense if you're measuring its value in fiat.
1 bitcoin still = 1 bitcoin, so hodling isn't doing anything. If you don't care about cashing out in fiat you should just start using it as currency right away, 1 bitcoin is never going to be worth more than 1 bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-30 13:54:16


Okay so why bother even having a reserve and promising to redeem a tether for a dollar if its not where the value of Tether comes from?
If Tether is worth a dollar whether or not they have a dollar in reserve it seems pointless to keep 2 billion dollars tied up in a reserve when they could just spend it and not affect the value of Tether at all.
Why do you think Tethers value stays almost exactly $1 regardless of how much is printed, if its not because markets assume it can be redeemed for exactly $1?
Tether recently printed 500,000,000 in a week, yet the price stays exactly around $1.
Do you think if bitcoin miners suddenly added 5 million bitcoins in a week bitcoins price would stay exactly the same?
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:34:48
1,000 people own 20-40% of all bitcoins depending which estimates you go by.
Most people did not buy in when it was only a few dollars a bitcoin.
There is a dramatic asymmetry in risk/reward between the people who got hundreds of thousands of bitcoins for almost nothing and the people who paid $19,000
@_date: 2018-01-12 15:09:23
The current financial system allows 1% of people to accumulate a disproportionate amount of gains from increases in economic productivity.
Bitcoin is completely different. It's DECENTRALIZED, which means everyone benefits.
Some people might try to tell you that a tiny percentage of the worlds rich have already bought up the majority of the worlds bitcoin wealth but these people are shitcoin pumping FUDites, shilling for cryptos own personal anti-christ Roger Ver.
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:44:13


They also have tech that can handle 3x the transactions at a fraction of the price.
Talent only means anything if it doesn't result in better technology, especially in time to actually corner the market. Other coins have already implemented solutions that bitcoin is still struggling to get adopted.
Handicap of the headstart is a real thing in tech. Small lean teams often outperform large rich ones.


Microsoft had way more talent and money than Apple at one point. Myspace had far more than Facebook. Money and manpower is not enough to win in tech.
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:34:54
you don't need to physically move gold anymore than you need to physically move dollars or physically move bitcoin.
Possession is an abstract concept. If you buy a house you don't need to physically move the house anywhere, you just get a piece of paper that says you now own the house, and that piece of paper is registered with the government so if you ever lose the piece of paper you still own the house.
BitGold has faster transaction times and lower transaction fees than bitcoin has had in years. Barely anyone uses it because deflationary currencies are a shit idea.
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:34:14


"Fiat money is currency that a government has declared to be legal tender"
You're not a government. You can't demand people accept your currency as legal tender or require it as payment in tax. 
Governments enforce property law and enforce debt repayments.
A currency that isn't enforced by the government is only going to be used if its more useful than government currency. If its just equally useful then the government currency has a much bigger institutional advantage. So far no cryptocurrency is even close to as equally useful as government currency.
@_date: 2018-01-29 21:02:01




So it was based on a guess that turned out to be badly wrong?
That doesn't inspire confidence.
Supply actually matters. There's a reason he didn't just make one bitcoin and then let people divide it. Frangibility does not equal supply.
Saying "even if we only have 1 bitcoin we can just infinitely divide it" misunderstands what currency is for.
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:20:23


Nuclear fusion occurs in super novas. Nuclear fusion is when two smaller atoms fuse together to create a bigger atom. That's how you produce elements like gold from smaller elements.
You can also do nuclear fusion outside of super novas its just really expensive which is why no one can cheaply create more gold than already exists on earth.


Except everyone could just agree to change the protocol so that there's an unlimited number of bitcoin.


The market cap for gold is over 7 trillion dollars, so no.
@_date: 2018-01-18 15:39:19


0.00001% of the worlds population owns 20-40% of all bitcoins. 0.1% of the worlds population owns most of the rest.


Re-balancing it to who? the less than 1% of the worlds population who could afford to buy up the most bitcoin?


How is someone in the bottom 10% of the world who gets paid less than $1 a day and have no electricity or internet connection supposed to have been able to get in before the majority of bitcoins there will ever be have already been distributed?
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:00:40


It doesn't, but it helps speculation, which is what HODLing is all about.
The more people holding, the lower the supply of available bitcoin, the higher the price goes. The higher the price goes, the more people want to hold rather than actually use it. It's a self-reinforcing cycle. 
People mistakenly believe that the price of bitcoin is driven purely by "adoption", but they don't realize that the current price is based on 90%+ of people with bitcoin not using it. As soon as all those people decided to start using it the market would be flooded with bitcoins so you can never realize those gains. People are blinded by greed for phantom value. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:49:56


It's already highly centralized when the only people doing it are hobbyists and enthusiasts running it as proof of concept.
There are a handful of nodes that could take down the majority of the network if they went offline.
The very fact that it costs to open and close a channel and network connectivity is limited by how much money is on the network encourages centralization. People aren't going to be willing to go out of pocket for the principle of decentralization when centralization is much cheaper and more efficient.
Course then people just say "it doesn't matter if its centralized, bitcoin is decentralized thats what matters".
@_date: 2018-01-14 22:59:08


That's not what I'm saying. I didn't mention the term over-consumption or even indirectly refer to it.
You've apparently taken "hyper-deflation is bad" to mean "overconsumption is good". Overconsumption is also bad, by definition.
I said the gold standard caused hyper-deflation, which was bad. the money supply dropped significantly, which caused high levels of deflation, and in order to increase the money supply on a gold standard, you need to increase the amount of gold you have, which the federal reserve couldn't do, so it just let hyper-deflation happen, which led to mass unemployment and malnutrition, which was bad.


What's sustainable about hyper-deflation?
@_date: 2018-01-14 14:10:23


"The higher the fees, the more valuable bitcoin **must be**"
This is a fallacy regardless of the direction you interpreted it. The word "must" clearly implies an absolute and essential nature that means one increasing must mean the other has increased. This (what I said) is wrong. Higher fees do not mean price must have also increased. bitcoins value has dropped while fees have increased and it has also risen while fees have decreased. They just tend to go up and down together because they share a causative factor, which creates a fairly strong correlation and the appearance (to some) that higher price causes fees to increase. It doesn't, it just tends to, because what tends to cause higher price also tends to cause fees to increase.
What any sane person would want is for fees to go down as price goes up, which has happened and is possible though not likely given the perverse incentives for miners and speculators in the current protocol. (assuming they're a speculator, if they actually want a usable currency they want price to stop increasing which would only be possible with increasing adoption if supply also increased, which it can't)
The fact that anyone would justify fees increasing as a positive indicator is a good example of the attitude I was parodying, which is finding ways to justify any aspect of bitcoin no matter how clearly problematic so long as it results in higher price.


Look at a graph of average fees and bitcoin price and you can see many times this has happened. There is still a strong correlation so usually fees increase when price increases, but you can clearly see times where the inverse happens.


And you seem to be confusing what you interpreted with what I actually said. Interpretation is just as subjective as intention. All language is subjectively defined, and subjective definitions and interpretations vary from person to person. There's no such thing as an objective interpretation of a word or an objective grammar, just interpretations and grammars that are more commonly shared than others. 
you're denying any inherent ambiguity to language (especially one as poorly constructed as english), as if there is always one objectively correct interpretation you can get out of any phrase or sentence.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:35:51
This guy knows how to invest.
When shares in Blockbuster were crashing my wife begged me to sell. 
I said NUH UH, no way am I realizing those losses. HODL or die. In fact I'm doubling down. Buy the dip! When theres blood in the street, invest.
She left me, saying I was "financially irresponsible" and "an asshole". I'm homeless now, but I'm going to be a millionaire when those shares go back up.
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:04:32
Scarcity alone confers no value.
Platinum is 3 times scarcer than gold, but gold is move valuable per ounce because there's more demand for it.
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:11:52


The Euro is plenty stable, its one of the most stable currencies in the world.
It's Greek banks and government that failed, not the euro.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:48:33
you can't predict complex multi-variable dynamic systems by simply doing regression analysis on one variable.
Price is one of thousands of variables in the economy, you can no more predict the future price of an asset by performing regression analysis on its price than you can predict what the temperature will be a year from now simply by performing regression analysis on historical temperatures.
Weather forecasting requires analysis of dozens of variables to get anywhere close to accurate: atmospheric pressure, humidity, wind speed, solar radiation, cloud cover, etc Even then the accuracy plummets past a few days predictions.
Human economies are much more complicated than weather systems, far more variables and more complicated relationships between those variables.
@_date: 2018-01-18 13:32:15
People keep saying ETH is less secure but I've seen no evidence it makes any practical difference.
512 bit encryption is more secure than 256 bit encryption but it doesn't matter because 256 bit encryption is already more than secure enough, and by the time it isn't we'll have already moved on to other encryption methods.
It also ignores that Bitcoin has vulnerabilities that other coins don't have, and I've yet to see those risks quantified in any meaningful way.


Another adage: A witty saying proves nothing.
Technology allows plenty of things to be made cheaper faster and more secure all at the same time. There's a smell of blind faith around the idea that bitcoin has already hit the most perfect balance of speed, expensive and security and that its impossible to make a crypto currency faster or cheaper without making it less secure.
An encrypted radio communication is faster, cheaper, more secure and more reliable than sending a letter. It's a better way of transmitting sensitive information in literally every way.
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:14:27


Supposedly they have a dollar in reserve for every Tether they have printed. Although they've never done a proper external audit, even though companies with much smaller reserves (like Bitgold) have managed to get external audits done by one of the Big Four.
In the original white paper they said Tethers were going to be directly redeemable for dollars (like a proper reserve currency), but they fucked that off very quickly:


Odd considering the whole idea was that it would be pegged 1:1 to a reserve of dollars.


Supposedly every tether they print is backed by bank deposits. where Tether is actually doing its banking is shrouded in mystery.
Earlier last year the Taiwan froze all transactions with Tether, which is supposedly who was doing most of their banking.
Tether made this announcement:


Taiwan hasn't lifted those constraints, and they haven't specified who's doing their banking now, though apparently they have found new banks to deal with. supposedly these banks have no problem taking $100,000,000 in deposits a day for 4 days, even though no professional auditor will touch them, and banks around the world have been refusing to do business with them.


It's not strictly from nowhere. [This diagram explains the rough hypothesis]( of how they can be making dollars even if they only have a fraction of the reserve they claim to have.
The basic idea is that Tether are printed, and are then used to by bitcoin (and other crypto), that causes the price of bitcoin to rise. They can then sell off a portion of that bitcoin to pay off the small number of people who are trying to redeem tethers for dollars (a number greatly constrained by the difficulty of directly banking with Tether). So long as people all don't try to sell their tether for dollars at once (which is very difficult considering how hard it is to sell), then they only need to have a fraction of the dollars they claim to have.
Course this is highly dependent on the value of bitcoin and other crypto, so when we see a large drop in the value of bitcoin like we have done recently, they have to print a whole bunch more Tether in order to remain solvent.
@_date: 2018-01-31 14:56:25
Price goes up = bitcoin is becoming more valuable, BUY!
Price goes down = bitcoin is on sale, it will never be this cheap again! BUY THE DIP!
This is what makes Bitcoin unique. It's the first investment where no matter when you buy you are GUARANTEED to make money. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a Roger Ver FUDing shitcoiner who wants
It's like you don't even get investing man.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:21:35
Why is someone going to pay for your retirement just to get access to bitcoin?
Is there something bitcoin is going to be able to do than any of a dozen competitors can't do that means its worth giving someone enough money that they don't have to work for years?
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:08:18
You seem to be confusing hate with someone disagreeing with you on the internet. Easy mistake to make.
Why would I hate bitcoin? It's had absolutely no impact on my life.
To answer your question I'm here to see if anyone has good answers to what I see are the problems preventing bitcoin from seeing mass adoption as a currency. exposing yourself to opposing ideas is how you learn more about the world.
@_date: 2018-01-19 14:13:55


Austrian schoolers like Hayek opposed monetary deflation as well:




Chicago school also opposed deflation.
 The options aren't either support inflationist monetary policy (which has problems) or support deflationist monetary policy.


you're confusing frangibility with scarcity. dividing something into smaller units doesn't make it less scarce. I didn't suggest the problem was deflation would make bitcoin infrangible, the problem is the perverse incentives deflation causes, allowing people to profit from hoarding currency rather than to use it for wealth generation, which allows for a transfer of wealth from people who generate goods and services to people who hoard currency via zero-sum rent-seeking, which is parasitic behavior.


Junk cars have value because they're made out of metal and you can use metal to generate all sorts of wealth. What is bitcoin valuable for if not use as a currency?
It's a circular argument to say its a store of value because its a store of value.People who say gold is valuable because its a "store of value" don't realize the majority of demand for gold comes from jewelers. It's a store of value because its valuable for other reasons.
The goal of economy isn't to profit from scarcity its to reduce scarcity. Gold happens to be expensive because its rare and in high demand. The goal isn't to increase the price of gold (otherwise we'd just launch 99% of gold into the sun). The goal is to make gold as freely available as possible. Gold increasing in price is only useful because of a market mechanism that allows more gold to be mined when price increases.


Bitcoin being a bad currency doesn't mean it makes a bad speculative investment, what makes it a bad currency (fixed supply) guarantees it will be a good speculative investment in the short term (although worthless in the long term without fundamental changes to the protocol).
It's perfectly possible to speculate on the value of bitcoin knowing that it is a speculative bubble. Housing was in a speculative bubble in the late 2000s, as was gold, a lot of people made lots of money in those bubbles but it should have been done with eyes open knowing that the increase in price was down to speculation not underlying value.
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:36:32


There are various estimates since you can't precisely account each address to one person. I've seen estimates range from 20-40% depending on various calculations of whether you count lost coins or not, and what estimate you use of what the ratio between addresses and actual people is.
Since the blockchain data is public though we do know a huge amount of bitcoin are under the control of a very small number of people:
The bottom 64% of addresses only have 0.27% of all bitcoins. The top 0.01% have nearly 40% and the top 0.53% of addresses have over 80% of all bitcoins in them. 


Both of these things can't be true unless by "a bunch" you mean not very many.
You only need to earn $34,000 a year to be in the global top 1%. If you have "a bunch" of bitcoins you've either made significantly more than $34,000 this year in gains, or you had enough money to buy hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:43:55


If I say I've invented a new drug that cures cancer, and I start selling it to people, without providing any proof that it works, do you think that you have to prove it doesn't work before calling it a scam to be selling it as a cancer drug?
How could you know for sure it doesn't work? Maybe it only works on some cancers. Are you going to conduct 10+ years of clinical trials on every form of cancer at the cost of billions of dollars before you feel comfortable saying that I'm scamming people by selling them something I have no proof is actually what I say it is?
The burden of proof is on Tether if they're the ones making a positive claim about Tether being backed by USD.
@_date: 2018-01-05 20:31:36
except you're not buying it with bitcoin, you're buying it with dollars (or other local fiat), which is why you need a VISA card.
You're just getting a company to sell your bitcoins and transfer dollars on your behalf, most likely at a worse rate than you could get if you just sold bitcoins yourself.
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:24:10
If I think I know everything why am I here asking questions? I'm here to see if there are good answers to the problems I've noticed, not to tell people how "delisional" they are and stroke my own ego.
You're the only person I've talked to on here who seem to have a problem with the very idea that someone might disagree with you. you seem to prefer to attack people rather than discuss ideas.
 I've had plenty of other interesting discussions with people I disagreed with, where I actually learned things instead of just got told how wrong I am.
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:23:12
Lightning devs don't even want anyone using mainnet yet, they're complaining about it actively hampering development. It's not indicative of any kind of success:


@_date: 2018-01-31 23:24:02


I don't see how this is meant to happen without organic growth as a useful currency.
Less than .1% of the population has any significant holdings in bitcoin, and 80% of bitcoins have already been distributed.
if bitcoin is at $10,000 when .1% of people are competing for 16,800,000 bitcoins with spare investment money, how are the remaining 99.9% of the population supposed to buy in as their main currency without the price rising so high that their entire wealth is only worth a tiny fraction of a bitcoin.
It's a crazy level of hubris to think that a completely open source and replaceable currency is somehow going to entitle Joe Q Bitcoin holder who got 1,000 coins when they were cheap, to billions of dollars of wealth.
Exactly what value does Joe think he's creating that would be worth such a ridiculous premium when there are a limitless supply of alternative currencies?
"network effects" are nonsense when there isn't any network of currency, just speculators and hoarders.
Course none of this is going to happen because hyper-deflation kills the utility of a currency for obvious reasons.
@_date: 2018-01-24 17:33:23


Not true, Populous has gone up significantly in the last few months. Dozens of coins that have seen better returns in the last year than Bitcoin has.


Or you know, Bitcoin losing out to a competitor. Which can never happen of course.
There is no financial risk to not diversifying. No one says "oh no I can't own gold, oil and shares in google, its too risky, I need to put it all in one investment".
@_date: 2018-01-26 14:13:10
Price is not set by efficiency.
Do you think 42coin is 7x more efficient than Bitcoin because its price is 7x higher?
Do you think Ethereum is 10x less efficient than Bitcoin because its price is 10x lower?


It doesn't matter, if supply matched demand price would not increase regardless of any other factor. Supply inelasticity is the only reason price of bitcoin goes up, it doesn't matter whether demand comes from speculators, people using the currency or people who "trust those who see the increased efficiency".
If you doubled the number of bitcoin would that somehow half its efficiency? If you destroyed half of all bitcoins would it somehow double in efficiency? 
Fixed supply guarantees price increases when demand (regardless of source, although its overwhelmingly from speculators not users) exceeds supply, it is not in any way some metric of efficiency.


Unless those people are still up 1000% and are expecting it to go up another 1000% in future, which is clear from the relentless talk about HODLING TO THEM OOO!N!!N!! even after apparently all the people just ~~hodling~~ speculating have gone.
@_date: 2018-01-31 18:54:08


you could also say the same about thousands of software projects that never turned a profit
survivor bias.


Lightning isn't unique to bitcoin. Lightning is open source and has already been used to trade other coins. Lightning is not a reason to invest in bitcoin.
you can't "invest" in lightning, its open source and isn't on the stock market, and even if it was its not built on a model that would make itself any profit.
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:41:47


What has that got to do with renewable energy?
You said renewables will have a massive impact on decentralization.


How is it decentralized if only owners of hydroelectric dams and wind farms can compete?
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:10:20
That has nothing to do with anything I'm talking about.
Someone said venmo is more useful than bitcoin, someone else said thats not true because lightning, which isn't true because lightning is even less usable than bitcoin.
Venmo could be ran by satanic organ harvesters and it wouldn't change the logic here
@_date: 2018-01-23 23:30:20


Tether has already been effectively banned from trading in the US, Wells Fargo cut ties with them last year, no one else in the US will do business with them. as have the Taiwanese banks that it was relying on to do international transfers. no one knows where they're banking now, if they even are.
you can't make yourself immune from prosecution just by not doing an audit.
Plenty of private currencies have been shut down without ever getting a proper audit. In fact not getting an audit is a good way of getting the SEC to suspect you're up to no good and investigate you.
Tether have been promising an audit for years. Why would they promise something that was going to shut them down?


Bitgold is a fully audited payment service backed by gold (also insures their gold reserves against theft/fraud), not an inflationary fiat currency.
Turns out its pretty easy to get an audit if you actually have the reserves you claim you do.


So they want something that is exactly the same value as a dollar, except is backed by un-audited fiat reserves held by by Tether, who make no promise to ever give you a dollar for a Tether? 
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:30:33
Yeah, who says bitcoin isn't a stable store of value!
All those people who bought at $19,000 are really up 30%, they just need to build a time machine to go back and buy when it was only $9,664
@_date: 2018-01-31 17:25:53


It doesn't have to, but they did disclose their relationships with the Taiwanese banks they were dealing with, which suggests they A) no longer have banking or B) have a very shady banking relationship that would probably put them in trouble if anyone found out about it.


This is too conspiratorial when they previously released this kind of information.
The simplest answer, after several banks refusing to do business with them, is that no bank wants to do business with them because no one trusts a company that claims to have 2 billion in reserve but can't get an audit done to actually prove it.
@_date: 2018-01-15 16:34:35


Pick any crypto that doesn't have a centrally planned supply mechanism then. As far as I know none exist because it would take a super advanced algorithm that is basically a superhuman AI to be able to process all the relevant economic data and adjust the supply rate without central planning. 
They're just worse versions of central planning from central banks. instead of an entire team of economists building detailed computer models to adjust the supply rate, you just have someone setting the supply rate forever based on the data from one moment in time, which is impossible not to over or under supply unless economic growth stays exactly the same rate as the supply rate across all economies, which has never happened in human history.


Why would you build another currency on top of a useless currency? We already have gold, and at least gold has some level of market mechanism that adjust supply to meet demand, but no one is using gold as a currency or a base for a currency, because its still too deflationary even with a non-fixed supply and deflation is terrible for currencies. 
No one is using the gold standard for the same reason no one would use the bitcoin standard. A more deflationary version of the gold standard based on something that has no other value if people stop using it as currency is not an improvement on gold. Frangibility is a non-issue since we started trading mainly digitally and with paper.


Runs on bitcoin banks can and have happened. People store their coins in exchanges and sometimes everyone loses their confidence and tries to pull their coins out of exchanges at the same time and the exchange can't cope with the demand and becomes insolvent. Sometimes exchanges lose peoples coins, other times they lie about how much they're actually keeping in reserve for people.
You can say "don't put your crypto in exchanges then" but you can also say "don't put your money in a bank". You can't have a bank run without a bank and exchanges are the main provider of bitcoin banking. Nothing in the blockchain makes them immune from runs.


It's lost half of its market share in the last year.
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:00:28
First off thanks for a quality response. Its refreshing to be able to discuss the ideas behind currency and not just get accused of being a shitcoin shill for disagreeing:


If a huge rise in price is necessary then yes speculation is helpful to that goal. But you've started with the assumption that the goal either is or requires the price to go higher. There's no way correct answer to that question if that assumption is wrong.
Why is a price rise necessary to get bitcoin adopted as a currency? (granted, its necessary if you fix supply)
If you wanted to increase the market cap of bitcoin, you could do it by keeping the quantity of bitcoin the same but increasing the price, or keeping the price the same and increasing the quantity.
How is a stable price but increasing quantity worse for the utility and stability of a currency than a stable quantity but increasing price?
Dollars are the most widely used currency in the world, it wasn't necessary for dollars to see an exponential increase in value in order for that to happen, in fact the opposite has happened, the dollar has become more widely adopted the more the money supply has been inflated (not that one caused the other but it definitely proves its possible for a currency to become used all over the world even if it decreases (or stays the same) in value).


Gold has elastic supply (not as elastic as other metals which helped allow for a speculative bubble recently). When the price of gold goes up the amount of gold mined increases, when the cost of gold goes down mining decreases. This is what collapsed the speculative bubble in gold. Gold price got so high that gold mining increased significantly, higher than ever before, to the point where supply exceeded the demand even from frenzied speculators.


How would decreasing supply rate when demand dropped over-extend supply? When lots of people are selling their bitcoins the last thing you would want to do is to keep flooding the market with new bitcoins, that's just going to further depress the price. Price drops are a sign that there are already too many bitcoins for existing demand.


The options aren't either have fixed supply currency or trust one company with a private currency pegged to the dollar, which seems to defeat the point of using something other than dollars.
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:31:24
If you wait for fees to go low to commit, and then fees go up, isn't that going to cripple the liquidity of the network?
Lots of channels won't be able to be closed because either the fee will be too high for someone to want to close it, or the transaction gets stuck in mempool because the fee is too low.
This seems like a major flaw in the "lightning will fix bitcoin fees" idea. Fees need to be at a reasonable rate before you can see wide adoption, which is a chicken and egg problem.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:02:54
What do they use when they want to buy something online?
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:25:28
Sunk cost fallacy
@_date: 2018-01-30 22:41:59


They've changed the terms and conditions since they said they have no obligation to redeem Tether (because even they realized it looked pretty bad). Now they say they will redeem them but there's a long list of exceptions that basically means they could refuse to redeem
They're still promising regular audits and a 1:1 reserve. It still stretches credibility to say that the value of Tether doesn't require any of these things yet somehow they want to open themselves to accusations of fraud by promising things they repeatedly don't deliver.


That explains if every time the price goes up they print more to bring it back down again. It doesn't explain how they stop the price going down below 1 dollar, because they're not withdrawing any tether from circulation.
It's clearly based on dysfunctional markets treating Tether as if it can be redeemed for a dollar, even if no one really believes that its profitable for all involved to pretend it does and worry about the consequences later.
@_date: 2018-01-14 15:04:42
Unless the savers are smart enough to not just keep $100,000 in cash under a mattress for 50 years and actually invest it in something that generates wealth, or even just convert it into assets that appreciate over time.
@_date: 2018-01-05 23:45:02
I'm no expert in economics but I'm pretty sure hyper-deflation means everyone just gets richer forever with no downsides, and anyone who disagrees is a shill who's just jealous they can't afford a lambo.
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:27:31
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:54:59


What value does bitcoin have besides on an exchange?
You didn't say it was going to be valuable because it has values other than being exchanged, you said its because of Lightning. Except Lightning can work with other coins so whatever it can do for Bitcoin it can do for others.
Lightning is open source so any hope of having a proprietary Bitcoin solution is gone if Lightning is your best hope.


Why is it transactions per block that matters and not just overall transactions? What does that have to do with how other coins can't benefit just as much from 2nd layer solutions as bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:08:16
He's not printing his own private currency pegged to the USD and claiming he has 2 billion dollars in reserve to back it up. 
If you claim you have a currency reserve you actually need to prove you have it not just expect people to take your word for it. Whether he is a shill or insane does not change this.
There are companies a fraction of this size that manage to get audits done, it is simply not credible that a company with this amount of money could not get an audit done despite repeated promises to do so unless A) they're deliberately hiding something or B) their business practices are so sketchy that no legitimate auditor wants to touch them.
That Friedman have just dropped them after doing the audit that wasn't an audit only further reinforces the idea that something is seriously up.
@_date: 2018-01-31 17:41:34
Crypto isn't wealth, its a token that can be used to trade wealth. 
You could copy the bitcoin code exactly but just make it so that it produce 50 trillion bitcoins for every block processed. You wouldn't be creating any more wealth than copying the exact code and make it have only 1 bitcoin ever.
Currency only generates wealth by facilitating wealth generating trade, and a currency that everyone would rather hoard than use doesn't generate much wealth at all, in fact it draws away investment from things that do create wealth.
Artificial scarcity is not the same thing as wealth.
@_date: 2018-01-06 14:41:59
Gold is naturally scarce, cryptos aren't.
If someone could write a line of computer code that made infinite gold available then gold would become worthless overnight. It so happens it takes nuclear fusion to make new gold so its not likely to happen any time soon.
There's huge demand for gold jewelry all around the world. The majority of gold demand comes from jewelry and gold jewelry is a 6,000 year old human tradition with no sign of going away.
You're banking on a fixed supply somehow having an unbeatable competitive advantage, which there's no reason it would have because it just makes it unusable as a currency (although it makes it an attractive speculative asset in the short term).
For a currency to be usable supply needs to scale with demand, otherwise people just start hoarding it. And of course if supply scales with demand then it ceases to be something you can speculate on because price only goes up when demand exceeds supply.
The vast majority of people buying bitcoin (and other deflationary cryptos) are speculating on its increasing value through artificial scarcity, as soon as they run out of people to keep putting the price up then anyone who bought it just because its going to go up in price is going to sell.
No one knows exactly when this point is going to be which is why you keep seeing practice runs where a bunch of people sell at ATHs, and then buy back in when they realize there's still higher to climb. So far every crash triggered by people cashing out has been remedied by even more money flowing in, but the larger the market grows the more and more money you need to keep it growing and its not based on any underlying wealth generation so its inherently unsustainable.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:59:19
Bitcoin was created to destroy money printing, not to allow it.
Do you really think people who were investing in a decentralized store of value would be willing to give it up for some private currency that people can just print millions of with no accountability?
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:08:25
Inflation decreases the value of debt over time.
Deflation increases the value of debts over time.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:33:11
Why don't you do the same graph highlight on a 7 year period so we can see if there's any long term trends that aren't apparent only looking a year and a bit back?
@_date: 2018-01-14 18:33:46
I honestly can't tell if this is sarcasm or not.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:10:34
This is next level economics right here. HODL on for dear life my friedn!
You have my vote for president of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-18 13:46:21


Gold is not fixed supply, it has never been fixed supply. Gold supply reacts to the price mechanism. When price increases the supply rate of gold increases, when price decreases gold mining decreases (as less profitable mines become economically infeasible)
We produce far more gold today than we did 50 or even 20 years ago.
Gold is deflationary only because the growth at which demand for gold increases tends to increase faster than growth of supply.
This is what makes it a poor currency because people prefer to hoard gold than to spend it because supply cannot keep up with demand. 
As much as deflationists love to confuse the two, something being a "store of value" doesn't make it a currency. 
Even though gold supply rate has grown for the past 100 years, it still makes it too deflationary to be used as currency. Not a country on earth still uses gold coins in regular currency because mints figured out long ago that if you issued gold coins people would just end up hoarding them (or melting them down) in favor of spending other coins that weren't deflationary. Less deflationary coin metals like copper, zinc and brass have seen consistent use for over 2000 years.
When you stop and think about what currency is actually for it becomes apparent why a currency who's supply cannot match demand (in either direction, over or under supplying) is not a useful currency 
@_date: 2018-01-14 21:52:46


I believe you're reffering to the S&amp;P 500 (the top 500 companies listed on NASDAQ or NYSE). Most other companies perform even worse than this on average.
So it means on average investing in any of the most profitable companies in the world will be worse than just sitting on your money if there's 10% deflation. 
Do you not see a problem if everyone just stops investing in businesses (that produce wealth) in favor of just sitting on money (which creates no wealth)?
Making it so its more profitable to do nothing than to produce wealth is not good for an economy. It happened during the Great Depression and caused mass unemployment. Just because money becomes more valuable does not mean more value is being produced.
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:54:25


You're thinking of deflation only from the side of people who have money and can now buy more with their money without thinking of how you can get more without someone else now getting less.
Even if you assume all spending above deflation is frivolous and bad for the economy (and people still gambled and smoked and drank during the Depression), 
you're ignoring the supply side effects that deflation has. A marginally productive farm still produces more food than it consumes, its a net contributor to the wealth of society. However with a strong enough deflation rate (30%), a farm that would only produce 5% returns is now a worse investment than simply sitting on your cash, especially since farms can fail due to outside forces even if you do everything right.
A third of all farms closed during the Great Depression (and this was happening before the dustbowl hit). These people became unemployed and produced no wealth, even while purchasing power of the dollar was increasing. Increased purchasing power is not a net benefit when it comes at the expense of wealth production.
Deflation caused the price of crops to drop below the cost of production for many farmers. It also significantly increased the debt burden for farmers who had borrowed money to buy farms and farm machinery.
Farms take lots of money to set up, and have risks, so why spend all that money if its more profitable to do nothing? 
Deflation actively transfers value from assets and production to holders of currency, incentivizing zero-sum rent-seeking over production. Giving up money means giving up on receiving those transfers, so unless spending money brings in more money than keeping it, there's no reason to do it. And this is why its a spiral. At first small levels of deflation only discourage investments in the most marginal production, but the more people start hoarding currency instead of using it, the greater the deflation rate, the more profitable hoarding is.
Pretty soon everyone is more interested in getting currency than using currency to produce anything of value. Currency becomes the ends, not the means. The more people do this the more the productive economy collapses, and the worse any kind of investment in production performs. This is what makes it a spiral. 


Their dollars purchasing power increase by 30%, that doesn't mean they became 30% richer, unless all their wealth and income was in the form of owning dollars.
Dollars being worth relatively more means everything else becomes worth relatively less. If you owned a house, and $1000, 30% deflation means your house loses 30% of its value relative to dollars. Your $1000 being worth 30% doesn't make you richer unless your house is worth less than $1000.


hyperdeflation occurs when either the supply of money drops significantly and the amount of wealth being traded stays the same, or the supply of money stays the same and the amount of wealth significantly increases.
Limited supply of gold doesn't cause hyper-deflation by itself.
Limited supply of gold causes hyper-deflation when your currency is based on gold, and you have a 30% contraction in the money supply as happened in the 1930s, and its not possible to replace any of that lost money because you already have all the gold you can get your hands on and you're not allowed to create currency without gold to back it up with.
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:48:39


government currencies have the advantage of being monopolies, cryptocurrencies don't. That's a pretty simple, non "retarded" proposition that your argument didn't do anything to dispute. You know you can't start your own government, but you can start your own cryptocurrency, that's why its not a valid argument. "declaring" yourself a government doesn't mean anything. If you try to perform any functions of a monopoly government, the real monopoly government will put you in prison.
If the government couldn't mandate taxes and debt be payable in fiat, and didn't aggressively prosecute anyone who attempts to forge their currency, then it would become worthless almost overnight.


That's exactly what it means.
anything can potentially be used as a currency. That doesn't make everything currency.
You can't have a currency without at least 2 people using it as a medium of exchange. You can't exchange things with yourself, you can't have a currency that only one person uses.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:17:22
"dollar cost averaging" is just a reverse martingale. 
There is no way to improve your odds by changing betting strategy you just slightly alter the way you spread risk.
you are no more likely to gain or lose money by dollar cost averaging than just randomly buying.
Given the fees incurred from makings lots of smaller purchases its just a waste of money.
@_date: 2018-01-06 14:59:11
Bitcoin has gone from $0.01 to $20,000
It can't go from $20,000 to $40,000,000,000
Most of the money there is to be made has already been made. At least on paper. there's no even 20% of people could cash out at current prices without crashing the market.
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:56:50
We've had periods of high monetary deflation before, where the purchasing power of the dollar increased significantly.
It did do what deflationists claim, which is to highly incentivize saving and significantly reduce spending.
You should have a look at what the results of that were if you genuinely think that deflation just makes people richer with no downsides.
Not even Austrian school economists like Hayek advocated for a deflationist monetary policy:






If you understand how money generates wealth is its clear why you don't want any level of monetary deflation. You either want 0% inflation if you believe in austrian school economics of non-interventionism or a small rate of inflation if you believe that government can stimulate the economy to be more productive than it would be if left to its own devices.
Gold standard makes it impossible to properly adjust the money supply. If the production of gold outpaces the growth of the economy you will have inflation, if the production of gold falls behind the growth of the economy you will have deflation.
There is nothing magic about the production of gold that means it will somehow always match the demand for currency.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:42:26
That would spoil the fun.
I like to see the limits on what crazy ass rationalizations will work.
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:23:55


See this post for a prime example of the breed:
People literally believe that they can just never have to work again by buying up a currency and then doing nothing with it.
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:05:13


Bitcoin saw 1000% returns this year. Is that not also proof of a scam, especially since so much of bitcoins value is reliant on tether which is also a scam?
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:25:20


I can see 3 nodes that if they went offline would take down the connectivity of over 50% of the network.
@_date: 2018-01-31 21:18:08


You can invest in Tesla shares.
You can't invest in Lightning, anymore than you can invest in "Linux". 
If other coins can use Lightning, or something like it, then it gives no unique competitive edge to Bitcoin. Bitcoin still has to be better than other coins.


Then bitcoins in a lot of trouble if it needs something that its developers say no one should be using.
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:13:25
I guess it depends where and how you're doing it.
There are certain fixed fees (like bitcoin transaction fee, or wire transfer fee) that are flat and so are a bigger percentage of a smaller transaction.
If you have to pay $25 per transaction thats 10% of $250 but only 1% of $2,500.
I don't know all the exchanges so I'm guessing there might be some that have flat % and no fixed fees but I'm guessing that also involves trusting an exchange to hold your bitcoin for you.
Some also have % fees capped at certain amounts, i.e. its 4% up to a certain dollar amount so anything above that is a saving.
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:47:05
What percentage of those transactions are speculating on fiat rather than using it to buy goods and services?
In those cases "one bitcoin equals one bitcoin" is irrelevant. It's how much fiat its equal to.
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:31:02


you don't think anyone has been manipulating the price of bitcoin? Just because the rules are set in stone doesn't mean it can't be abused, in fact the inability to react and change rules to thwart malicious actors makes it extremely vulnerable to people manipulating the price.
Has the value of the euro swung by 50-80% in the last 10 years?
Anyway none of this is relevant to the point I was making, which is that the euro didn't collapse in Greece or anywhere else. Greece's economy collapsed because they had huge amounts of debt and poor fundamentals, as well as they conspired with Goldman Sachs to lie about the extent of their debts.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:51:28
forget what your high school drama teacher taught you about economics grandpops, this is the NEW economics and it doesn't play by your dinosaur rules. Bitcoin is the meteor that will lead your kind to extinction.
in the end only the true hodlers will emerge from the ruins ant take their rightful place along side Satoshi as the god-emperors of this brave new world.
@_date: 2018-01-06 23:24:39


Keeping your money in a publicly accessible blockchain does not make it unhackable.
Google how the 51% attack works, and how quantum computing can break the cryptography that bitcoin is based on.
also assuming you ever get or put your bitcoin on an internet connected computer then its hackable.
If you want something unhackable bury gold somewhere no one knows.


Look at how many of the top 500 US retailers accepted bitcoin in 2014, now look to day, and tell me adoption is increasing, not decreasing.
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:34:13




These are the words of someone looking to make a profit off bitcoin, not to use it as a currency. Highs and lows of what? of price in fiat obviously.
No one talks about currencies they're actually using like this.
It's just a stupid meme from people who never heard of the sunk cost fallacy. "you only lose money if you sell". fucking genius.
This mentality is as old as the stock market. "oh no my shares have lost 50% of their value, if I sell now I've definitely lost money, but if I wait they'll go back up! oh wait now they're worth nothing, guess I didn't HODL hard enough"
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:54:15
People have confused an individual dollar being worth less with dollars overall being worth less.
there's lots more dollars now than there were in 1910, so even though an individual dollar is worth less the overall value of dollars is much higher. 
If someone had a IOU for 1 DVD player, no one would be outraged that if you waited 20 years that 1 DVD player is not worth the same 20 years later.
If you want to save money over decades then you should use money to buy something that retains its value over decades (or better yet, and invest it into something that produces wealth instead of just hoarding wealth).
Money is for trading, not hoarding. Complaining that it won't hold its value over decades is like complaining you can't buy a cup of coffee with your amazon shares. You're just using it wrong. Why wouldn't you want to redeem your IOUs for decades? you're not getting any benefit from them just sitting under a mattress, neither is anyone else.
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:05:02


Why did every single country in the world that was on it abandon it then?
governments get their money from taxing the economy. If gold standard is better for the economy than fiat then why don't they just keep the gold standard and increase taxes rather than trying to tax by printing money?
@_date: 2018-01-06 13:41:16
A 2nd layer solution is something like Lightning where Bitcoins are actually being transacted through the 2nd layer.
Using a completely different currency is not a second layer solution, its selling bitcoin as an asset and then using a separate currency. there is no way that 2nd layer "solution" encourages anyone to accept bitcoin as currency because no one is accepting bitcoin through it. All it does is make dollars more useful by adding yet another asset that dollars are useful for trading.


Which is why when you buy and sell goods and services with that currency, it doesn't make those other things currencies being traded on a "2nd layer solution".
There is a difference between a medium of exchange and goods and services being exchanged.
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:53:29
It's not a pyramid scheme its just going to make me a millionaire out of a $1000 investment as new entrants pay exponentially more for this thing.
@_date: 2018-01-18 16:15:05
If you're paying more for a bitcoin than the person selling it paid for it, you're the new sheep, whether you already have bitcoin or not.
The pyramid only works if new bitcoins are bought at a higher price than they were originally bought at.
If you bought 100,000 bitcoins when they were $1 a piece, and then you bought 10 when they were $10,000 a piece, how exactly have you benefited by paying another $100,000 for another 10 bitcoins? You don't get any more money unless someone is willing to pay more than $10,000 a bitcoin. 
If you buy more at $10,000 and then it drops to $5,000 you haven't gained in any way. You still need someone else to pay you more for your bitcoin than you paid.
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:15:51
If I was the government, those tumbling services would be a good vector to try and find a bunch of illegal activity people were trying to hide.
@_date: 2018-01-31 16:03:33
So their reserves are backed with bitcoin, but they don't have any incentive to pump bitcoin with tether?
What happens if there's a crash in the value of bitcoin and its not longer worth enough to back Tether?
Print more tether, buy lots of bitcoin with it and hope the price goes back up?
@_date: 2018-01-09 13:20:56
It means relating to money/currency. It's a pretty pedantic difference.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:53:11
How much is Roger Ver paying you to spread this FUD?
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:54:00


How can it level off when the vast majority of people involved are speculators? As soon as it does level off then everyone who bought it because they wanted to "hodl" and make money off increases in price will finally decide to sell, at which point you now have a market where 95%+ people are just hoarding something to 95% of people all trying to sell it at once.
Supposedly the Winkelvoss twins are such a pair of speculators, who have enough bitcoin alone to crash the market if they tried to sell all at once.
you can't have price rises due to speculative demand and somehow hope to keep them when all the speculative demand leaves the market, unless you're planning an indiana jones style switch where exactly the same number and value of people who want to start using bitcoin as a currency are willing to buy all the bitcoins off the speculators for exactly the price it was worth when it was delivering 1000% gains.
if you say something like "no everyone would just start using it as currency", its no different than everyone trying to sell at once, they're just trying to trade for other goods and services instead of fiat, it would still crash the value
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:56:30
This guy gets it.
the ONLY reason anyone could criticize anything to do with bitcoin is because they're a bcash shill, likely in the pay of he who must not be named himself.
NO CRITICISM ALLOWED.
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:38:53
What might be is not the same as what is. We were talking about the state of bitcoin now, not some hypothetical future. Anyone could claim anything about the future, it doesn't make it true.
Why are people talking with certainty about what might happen as if its already happening.
How many other Bitcoin projects have failed since 2012?
Lightning Devs don't even want anyone using the mainnet yet, they've specifically said its just distracting them from development and slowing things down. Mainnet use is indicative of nothing but people who think Lightning is the second coming yet won't listen to what the devs say is the best way to develop it.
@_date: 2018-01-30 22:12:34


If Tether becomes worthless because people realize its not backed by anything, who is going to sell crypto for worthless tokens?
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:28:26
dont be mad because you forgot how the gold standard worked
@_date: 2018-01-21 13:51:43
FUD by Roger Ver and his minions.
Bitcoin requires no centralization to operate. Why would people free themselves from the tyranny of central banks only to enslave themselves to one unaccountable corporation? It defeats the whole point.
@_date: 2018-01-31 14:59:56


It's also suspect where this money is meant to being deposited since every bank publicly mentioned by Tether has now cut ties (for obvious reasons), and I can't think of many other banks that would be happy processing half a billion dollars in a week from a company no other bank wants to deal with.
Tether themselves stated that they don't expect to issue any more Tether until they resolve their banking situation, yet they have made no announcement on resolving their banking before this most recent expansion.
The amount of times they contradict themselves without proper explanation alone would be enough to raise eyebrows. 


@_date: 2018-01-17 19:51:21
It was a joke, not a fallacy. I didn't actually do any of that shit I was just pointing out an example of a time when selling at a loss was still a good idea.
"don't spend more than you can afford to lose" doesn't mean realizing a loss is always a  bad idea. It's a great idea if the alternative is making an even bigger loss.
@_date: 2018-01-19 19:22:50


How does people having to pay higher and higher prices for bitcoin facilitate "transferring value and joining the global economy", better than if bitcoin just kept a consistent value?
Why is it better for the transferring value if people have to worry about if they use bitcoin to buy a pizza, that bitcoin won't be worth 1000x more in a few years? That just encourages people to hoard it and try to profit on scarcity rather than using it to produce value.
@_date: 2018-01-10 18:39:37


Frangibility is not the same thing as supply. 
you can't increase the supply of something just by infinitely dividing something. If you have 1 of something and divide it into trillions, all those trillions still only add up to 1. 
If demand increases faster than supply, dividing the supply up does not stop the price from rising. Frangibility does nothing to prevent the perverse incentives caused by supply inelasticity.


I talked of supply failing to increase to meet demand, leading to rent-seeking and speculative bubbles, I said nothing about it "running out". Something doesn't need to "run out" in order for supply to fail to meet demand.
 Gold never "ran out", gold production increased every year during the most recent bubble, it just couldn't increase fast enough to meet rising demand from speculators. Thankfully the gold bubble was self-limiting because the higher speculators pushed the price, the more gold was mined, until supply exceeded demand. This backfired on all the people who thought they could get rich just hoarding gold, because the price crashed back down to what gold is worth when people don't think it will indefinitely increase in value.
Even if I thought that its not relative supply/demand but absolute supply that matters, 99% of bitcoins will have been mined long before 2140 (90% will have been mined in just 4 years), and the supply rate will become so low that bitcoins will be being lost faster than they are made long before 2140. It's estimated that 4 million bitcoins (19% of potential bitcoins) have already been lost, so we are already very close to the peak number of bitcoins there will ever be in circulation. After that absolute supply is going to start decreasing. There will never even be close to 21m coins in circulation.
But "running out" is not the problem. The problem is absolutely no mechanism to adjust supply to meet demand, either up or down, which allows rent seeking, which is causing a huge speculative bubble and wild swings in price.
The bubble in bitcoin is going to be much worse than the bubble in gold, because the gold bubble was self limiting since higher prices constantly increased supply. The less elastic supply is the more profitable speculation is, the worse the re-alignment will be between speculative value and actual value. 


The only way bitcoins value could stabilize is if supply and demand hit equilibrium. Since supply fixed and ever decreasing in rate, the only way that can happens if demand decreases at the same rate supply does, which is obviously not a viable strategy for a currency you want to see increase in adoption rate.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:58:07
What does that matter?
It's not a crash if the price went up a lot beforehand?
The higher a price is the greater amount a 40% crash is off its value
40% loss of 1000 is only $400, off $10,000 its $4,000
@_date: 2018-01-21 20:19:07
deflation isn't free money, it comes at the expensive of everything else being worth less currency.
If you own $1,000 in dollars and a $100,000 house, 3% monetary deflation will give your dollars an additional $30 in purchasing power and knock $3,000 off your house.
It's amazing how many people think inflation is theft but think deflation just makes people richer at no cost.
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:59:13
I don't know why people think its a good idea to have a fixed amount of something used to trade goods and services when the amount of goods and services being traded isn't fixed.
If you treat currency as an IOU for exchanged goods and services it makes no sense why you would expect people to keep using lesser and lesser amounts as an IOU.
If you have a chicken and I have a bag of grain, and instead of swapping the grain for the chicken I write you an IOU entitling you to a bag of grain, and you came back a month later saying "this IOU is now worth two bags of grain", why the fuck would I give you two bags of grain for something that was only worth 1 bag of grain a week ago?
If we license out the printing of IOUs to a third person and they start printing less and less so each IOU now redeems more stuff, I am not benefitting in any way.
People see inflation as "stealing" but apparently deflation is just free money.
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:18:00
Except the people who bought in at $19,000
@_date: 2018-01-29 21:29:20
If I make a new crypto, and I mined 1,000 coins, 999 I sell for $1, and the last one I sell for $2, then the market cap is "$2,000", even though only $1,001 dollars went into it.
Not even close to $200bn has actually gone into bitcoin. The majority of coins were already distributed when bitcoin was less than $100.
Not to mention price x number of coins doesn't work because millions of coins have already been lost.
@_date: 2018-01-15 23:51:56


If you think deflation is a bad thing, I'm not sure how you can think bitcoins protocol can be a good thing.
You can't see exponential growth of demand for a currency whilst exponentially decreasing supply and not see hyper deflation. If you kept doubling the amount of currency produced while halving the amount of demand for it, would you not expect hyper-inflation? Why would the reverse not cause hyper-deflation?
The idea "well it will level off once everyone has bitcoins" is never going to happen because it requires completely unsustainable levels of deflation for decades for that to ever happen.
1,000 people own 20-40% of bitcoins, 0.00001% of the earths population. 99.8-99.9% of people don't have any bitcoins and most of the ones who do don't have enough to be worth the cost of moving it. To go from 0.01-0.02% of people having a small amount of bitcoins, to even 1% of people using it as an every day currency, demand would need to double several times. 1,900% deflation is nothing compared to what you would see if demand kept doubling and supply kept halving. Course demand can't keep doubling because you quickly run out of speculators willing or able to pay 10x more, and when speculation dries up, demand drops, and price crashes.


I'm confused at why you think fixed supply would help volatility or utility of a currency. The fact people would rather speculate on bitcoin than use it as currency is a direct result of supply inelasticity. high fees which decrease utility are also a result of supply inelasticity. If you buy bitcoin, demand goes up, but supply can't increase, so price goes up. This creates a self-fulfilling prophecy where people buy because they think bitcoin will go up in value, which makes it go up in value, which causes more people to buy thinking it will go up in value
@_date: 2018-01-19 15:15:44
So you haven't spend $100 on the network then?


Your defense of lightning is that you can pay anyone else on the network (so long as everyone remains connected to everyone else and no one closes their channel)?
How do you think other payment networks work?
@_date: 2018-01-21 16:29:06
You missed out the first part of that quote:


Even if you ignored that context, I don't know how what you quoted is meant to be a defense of deflation, its clear Hayek is saying he used to believe that deflation might help break the trend of inflation but that he no longer believes that.
He explicitly says that deflation itself is not desirable. He explicitly says he opposes both inflation and deflation. There is no ambiguity there. All he said at one point (which he no longer believed) was that a period of deflation might be necessary to break the trend of inflation, which he no longer believes because we've had periods of deflation and it hasn't prevented future inflation.


You can't just keep defending deflation by saying inflation is bad. It's like trying to defend malnutrition by saying obesity is bad for you. Both over supply and under supply of currency can be bad things. Oversupply being bad doesn't automatically make undersupply good, or vice versa. 
Do you think the distribution of new bitcoin is equal? Less than .1% of the worlds population owns most of the bitcoins there will ever be, as a result of supply dropping and dropping no matter how many people want to adopt the currency. Such a supply curve can only ever lead to a pyramid scheme where later users of a currency have to pay for the profits of those who used it first. A currency should not punish people for being born later or reward them for being born earlier.
Well, you might think so, but good luck getting any numbers of people to adopt that currency when you think it means you should make 10,000% profit on the simple act of buying up currency, that they will have to pay for. 10,000% hyper-deflation would kill any currency that was actually being used to run an economy, the only reason it hasn't killed bitcoin is because people are just speculating on it and there's always been new speculators to keep pushing the price higher.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:27:22


A network of people all just holding bitcoin and buying and selling it for fiat? What network effect does that provide? That I can easily buy and sell bitcoin? I could already do that much more easily when the network was much smaller. There appears to be an anti-network-effect as far as utility goes.
Most people on bitcoin are just speculating on it. You see it in this thread, "HODL!", not "CONTINUE USING AS CURRENCY". Unlike currency, speculation doesn't need any network effect.
Myspace had a network with actual network effects (the more people using social media the more useful it is), and a huge headstart on facebook and it still lost a huge market share simply by being slightly worse designed and marketed than facebook.
how are network effects going to protect bitcoin when its already dropped from 85% market share to 33%?


not for actually using it as currency. Bitcoin is one of the least reliable cryptos to use for making transactions at the moment. If you make a transaction you don't know how long it might be stuck in mem pool, or how much extra fees you might have to pay to get someone to process it.
@_date: 2018-01-25 15:58:13


It's mostly what is happening, which you can tell by how almost everyone involved in bitcoin talks about "HODLing" instead of how useful it is to trade goods and services.
There's a collective delusion that some day once every has bitcoin then everyone will start using it as currency, as if that is how the adoption of currency has ever worked.


Look at the transaction times and fees over the last year and tell me all the processing power being thrown at bitcoin is making it more efficient to trade.


Currency is just a token for trading wealth, not the wealth itself. If you destroyed every bitcoin in the world bar one you would not have destroyed any wealth in the world that one bitcoin would just increase in value proportionally to the reduction in the supply of bitcoin.
If you burn a billion dollars you haven't destroyed any wealth you have simply increased the relative value of other dollars.
Currency only generates wealth via facilitating wealth generating/optimizing trades. A currency that no one uses to trade isn't generating any wealth and can barely be called a currency. Bitcoin is just a speculative asset for the most part outside of the black market, and in the black market its being replaced by other currencies that are faster, cheaper and more private.
@_date: 2018-01-31 21:07:09


It is true:


Either that or there was going to be a much larger crash that was only partially averted by injecting .85 billion into the market.
Let's say that .85 billion isn't backed by anything, what would the market have looked like if .85 billion wasn't injected during january?
It's not that it didn't affect the price, how could .85 billion not affect the market, especially as trade volumes dropped significantly? It's that it didn't cause the price to skyrocket, which shows the underlying demand is low enough that even when someone is putting half a billion dollars in a space of a week it wasn't enough to get prices to rise.
If you're saying .85 billion being injected in a month can't shift the markets and it would have been the same without that money, how much money do you think it takes to move the market?
I've heard an argument that the reason why so many Tethers were printed was because during the price drop, lots of people wanted to move out from Bitcoin, which is why there was such an increase in Tether even when every other coin was tanking. Even if we park the reservations about how Tether is getting money to print Tether without banking, I'm not sure this idea holds up. People have lost confidence in ALL crypto, besides one that is designed to never be worth more than a dollar, that has never been audited? Why would you have more confidence in Tether than USD? 
We've gone from there being a market for 10 million tether to 2.2 billion tether in a year, despite that being the year that they lost US and Taiwanese banking, despite the fact that there has been no skyrocketing in the amount of bitcoin being traded to somehow explain demand. In fact the largest increase in Tether has happened since bitcoin trading volumes started dropping dramatically.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:30:42


None of those things are in dispute. What is in dispute is that they're keeping a 2.2 billion dollar reserve of USD to back tethers, which they've provided no evidence for despite years of promising to get an audit. They haven't even explained how they could possibly have amassed so much in bank deposits when they've had their banking cut off since last year.
Even by their own admission they said they don't expect to create any more tethers until the banking restrictions have been lifted. Here we are a year later with no word on banking restrictions being lifted yet they've produced 2 billion in tether since then, several times more than existed when they actually had banking.
Its equivocating to say "well, you can't prove they don't have it" as if the burden of proof is equal.
They are the only ones who could provide the evidence it exists, they are the ones who refuse to produce that evidence despite much smaller organizations producing external audits in a much smaller amount of time.
It has long since passed the point that it is reasonable to assume that they actually have it. No auditor will touch them and neither will any bank by the looks of it. The amount of tethers they have printed in the last week is ridiculous. Who are all these people confidently depositing hundreds of millions of dollars  (using what bank?) with a company that says they're under no obligation to give you anything for a tether, who can't get an audit and who can't seem to sustain a relationship with a bank for more than 5 minutes.
It's simply not reasonable to hide behind "well you can't prove they don't have it" in the face of such apparent financial misconduct.
If you say you have a dragon in your garage, and you have years to show me it and never do then I'm just going to assume you don't have one and no other reasonable person should either. I'm not lying or engaging in "truthiness" to tell people that the guy saying he has a dragon in his garage but refuses to show it is full of shit and shouldn't be trusted.
@_date: 2018-01-16 15:15:36
That "prediction" is said bitcoin would be $1,000 in 04-24-2015. it was $216, off by 80%.
It would be nearly 2 years before it hit $1,000 again.
This is the same kind of "prediction" as the OP. i.e. completely inaccurate but if you just ignore all the times its wrong and focus on when its right then its a great prediction.
As a graph that will tell you what bitcoin is worth plus/minus 80% and 2 years then its a fantastic prediction algorithm
@_date: 2018-01-28 23:16:29
I can see hubs on that 3D visualization, although just looking at it can't tell you much.
The bigger question isn't whether its currently centralized or not, but how this behavior is likely to change when the network shifts from a few hundred hobbyists to tens of thousands trying to use it for actual commerce.
I cannot think of a reason why people would be willing to take the time, effort and cost to properly decentralize the network when it would be so much easier, faster and cheaper to just centralize it.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:12:52
how ironic
@_date: 2018-01-29 13:50:51


The barrier to making your own Facebook is incredibly low. You could start it in a half hour downloading some off the shelf open source platform and cheap web hosting and a domain. 
The trouble is no one would join it. So if you have a problem with social media being heavily centralized, low barrier to entry doesn't help you. Hell the government could pay $100 for every facebook competitor set up and it wouldn't help.
Facebook can still do deals with the government to hand over data on billions of people or block certain content, if those are your concerns.
"well if you don't like it you can just set up your own alternative" doesn't help, because there are incentives to centralize that barriers to entry don't affect.
You can say "well you don't need to use social media to get in touch with people, you could just email them, or even phone them", which is true. But neither of those alternatives can perform the same functions as social media.
Opening your own channel won't help you if everyone else is just connected to centralized hubs. Lightning is useless on a one use basis and that's all most P2P transactions are. How often do you sell something on ebay to the same person twice? Or have that person then buy something off you? The opportunity cost of tying up money and the cost of having to open and close a channel isn't worth it.
@_date: 2018-01-30 13:44:39


So why is there any need to create more than 16 million bitcoin? What is adding another 5 million bitcoin going to achieve? Why do we need another 4 million bitcoin in the next 10 years but no more for the rest of forever?
Saying hyper-deflation isn't a problem because you can just keep using smaller and smaller denominations is like saying hyper-inflation isn't a problem because you can just use bigger and bigger denomination. No big deal if you have 10,000% inflation right? Just start using million dollar notes. Except if you start using million dollars notes, 1 dollar notes are now worthless. And if people started using smaller and smaller notes, a .5 dollar note, a .001 dollar note, a 0.000001 cent coin, then anyone who kept hold of a 100 dollar note during that time would become incredibly rich at others expense (if hyper-deflation didn't destroy the economy that is).
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:55:58
You haven't made a single point against one of his points yet, you're just making character arguments.
Even if he's completely obsessed/insane and motivated purely by selfish intentions what he's saying can still be right.
If you think a company printing its own private currency claiming to have over 2 billion dollars in reserve but refusing or unable to get an audit done despite repeated promises, is not an indicator of serious financial misconduct I don't know what to tell you.
There are private currencies a fraction of the size that have managed to get audits from one of the Big Four. It really isn't hard to get an audit if you have the money for it and your business is on the up and up.
@_date: 2018-01-30 22:36:16


This is what a lot of people hypothesize has been happening.
Tether recently printed half a billion in a week, the most rapid expansion of the amount of Tether in the shortest amount of time in its history. All the while prices have been in a slump, which indicates they're hitting a limit on how much they can keep inflating the market, and even 500m is not enough to fuel further speculation.
@_date: 2018-01-23 14:47:49
Source for the recent pump? Or something else?
Here's the blockchain records:
Course, we can't prove that Tether don't have the reserves they claim they do, because that information is private, but the lack of a proper external audit is highly suspicious, along with the fact that Taiwan froze all their banking last year and they haven't said where they're now doing their banking and why those banks are happy to accept hundreds of millions in deposits in a matter of days when apparently no other banks will touch them.
As is the consistency and high volume of new tethers created during a crypto-wide downswing, both in price and trading volume.
People are worried about crypto losing value so they cash out all their money into a crypto pegged to dollars rather than just actual dollars? 
Where is this massive confidence in the value of Tether (which is pegged to the dollar) coming from, especially when Tether themselves say they are under no obligation to give you anything for them:


At that point does it even matter if they have the reserves they claim or not? Apparently they can just keep all those reserves and refuse to give you anything for Tether.
@_date: 2018-01-06 14:53:47
The majority of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry.
People keep pretending that gold was arbitrarily chosen to be valuable because its rare, in order to justify the circular reasoning of "its a store of value because its a store of value".
Platinum is much rarer than gold, but its less valuable because there's far more demand for gold jewelry than platinum jewelry, partly because gold looks better and has a wider variety of uses, and partly because it has thousands of years of tradition as the jewelry metal of choice for royalty and nobles.
If for some reason everyone decided gold jewelry was uncool the price of gold would plummet. 
@_date: 2018-01-19 16:36:44


That's completely dependent on the how the network grows. If everyone joining just sets up 1 channel to an existing hub (which is the most useful and cost efficient way of connecting to the network) then it won't become any more resilient.
 It could become even more centralized (which is the most efficient way of organizating the network) so that the vast majority of users are connected to only one node.
In order to have a truly robust meshnet you need as many connections as possible between nodes, which isn't possible when it costs money to open channels and people don't have infinite money. 
@_date: 2018-01-22 15:26:32




Are you tired of predictions or not? is it just other peoples predictions you don't like?
right now the network is heavily centralized and I expect that to continue, because its obvious that centralization is cheaper, faster and more efficient, especially when people actually try to start using it as a payment service.
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:52:50


you said it was being traded by major investment banks as if it somehow proved it was stable and immune to crashing.
CDSs were one of the most profitable investment vehicles for years, banks were making hundreds of billions of dollars off them. they also helped collapse the global economy because an unsustainable amount of money was being poured into them and there was large scale fraud going on, and they were in a bubble based on a bubble in the housing market.
The fact banks are willing to through hundreds of billions of dollars at something doesn't mean its immune to crashing.


Tethers are being used to buy bitcoin. 
If $400,000,000 of Tether are printed in a week, and that Tether is used to buy bitcoin, and bitcoins price still goes down, what does that tell you about what would be happening to the price of bitcoin if they weren't flooding the market with hundreds of millions of dollars?
@_date: 2018-01-24 18:07:48
I mean despite the claims of revolutionizing finance there aren't really many 'new' business opportunities at the moment.
As you've pointed out, during a gold rush its more reliable to sell pick axes than to try and mine gold. Unless you already make something like pick axes (i.e. hardware manufacturers that have built dedicated mining gear), you aren't going to be able to spin up a pick axe factory in time.
You can try to profit off anything vaguely related to crypto by just putting crypto in front of it, as some people are trying to do, crypto-gambling, crypto-dating, crypto-hookers, but they're really just trying to profit from all the loose money flowing around rather than fulfill a real need in the economy.
regardless of whether you're accepting crypto or fiat you're still just running a business at the end of the day.
The most consistently profitable crypto related businesses are boring old currency exchanges, particular ones running scams like ponzis on top of them.
There's coin tumbling but its not exactly a profitable business. People who write malware that mines coins on other peoples computers is probably as close to something innovative but thats just monetizing peoples CPU cycles in a new way, the malware business has been around for a long time.
Most of the crazy money is just being made by people taking advantage of the lax regulatory environment. Traditional finance companies are a lot more wary about taking on any liability that might effect their core business so there are a lot of cowboys setting up exchanges with little to no oversight. Because of the difficulty with integrating with the legacy banking system (banks are wary of facilitating huge volumes of trade that might later get seized in fraud/money laundering investigations), there's a very erratic growth rate. Exchanges often get flooded with more traffic than they can handle which leaves open more room for upstarts to take advantage of the liquidity crisis.
@_date: 2018-01-31 23:06:08
Gold makes a terrible currency for this reason.
Have you tried to buy anything with a gold coin lately?
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:01:12


This is a terrible argument.
If they're only making that money because they're printing money from nowhere without backing it with reserves then they're not risking anything.
That's like saying "why would Bernie Madoff risk his legitimate investment company by starting a Ponzi scheme, it doesn't make any sense!"


Who needs a external audit when you can just show your bank account to someone on twitter? 
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:38:56


The cost of creating a bitcoin is much less than the price you can sell one for.
I guess privately profiting off printing money is okay as long as you're burning terawatts of energy to do it.
@_date: 2018-01-22 14:18:33
This only works if absolutely everybody in the economy is using lightning for everything, including paying rents and salaries. It is not a realistic use case. This would only work if Lightning overtook banks as the primary banking network, at which point Lightning banks would have to be regulated like regular banks are.
Think of how big PayPal has become as a payment network and then think of how easily you could use PayPal if the only funds you can use on PayPal are funds you've already been given on PayPal.
maybe a small percentage of eBay sellers probably sell as much as they buy on PayPal but for everyone else if they want to use PayPal they need to enter money into the system, unless they happen to work at those companies.
Trade flows are highly asymmetric. The vast majority of people send a ton of money to large retailers like Walmart, Amazon, Subway etc and receive almost nothing back, unless they happen to work for those companies.
@_date: 2018-01-28 17:16:10


Not really no.
Lightning Network is routed over a centralized internet infrastructure. Whatever data gets propagated through the network has to go over a centralized network first. Within the Lightning Network nodes might be directly connected to each other but in reality they are passing through hubs on a centralized network.
How can the Lightning network have a higher capacity than the centralized network its running on? I could only see that being the case if there was some kind of limit on how much data you could process in a centralized way, but as far as my limited understanding goes it takes more work to process data decentrally since you have to make sure all nodes are in agreement.
If Lightning Network actually ran on a meshnet then I could see how it could exceed the capacity of the centralized telecoms network.
@_date: 2018-01-31 17:43:25


If by "doing well", you mean "has a few hundred enthusiasts experimenting with it but isn't actually useful for anything yet", then yeah.
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:38:18


Assuming we're using value and price interchangeably, price does not come from utility.
Dollars are significantly more useful than they were 100 years ago, but the price is much lower because there are a lot more dollars now than there were then. 
However, as a percentage (say 1% of all dollars in existence), dollars are much more valuable as a whole than they were.
Price comes from relative supply and demand, not utility. If supply outpaced demand then price will go down even if utility goes up. If demand outpaces supply, price will go up, even if utility goes down (which is what we've seen with bitcoin).
This is the fatal flaw in assuming price = utility, when in fact a deflationary price for a currency significantly reduces its utility because people stop using it to trade and start hoarding it itself.
Currency is just a token for exchanging wealth, so in order to keep a constant value the amount of currency needs to keep pace with the amount of wealth.
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:28:43


So if the dollar equivalent in BTC facilitates less wealth generation than the same amount of currency in dollars (due to the volatility and incentives to hoard instead of spend), then its not generating any extra wealth, in fact its causing less wealth to be generated because its encouraging rent-seeking over actual wealth generation.
People who otherwise would have put their money into wealth generating investments are instead just sitting on thousands of dollars of bitcoin and not using them to facilitate any trade because they're just waiting for the price to go up.
Opportunity cost matters, and an irrational market that rewards a small number of people at the expense of wider economic productivity is not a good thing.
How has more wealth been generated by putting billions into bitcoin instead of putting billions into lithium battery factories or electric car companies?
Bitcoins cost thousands of dollars of electricity to produce, and if they're worse for wealth generation than fiat then they're only profiting individuals at the expense of the wider economy via perverse economic incentives.
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:24:00
who's ultimately going to pay for the 1,000 people who own 20-40% of all bitcoins to become the richest people in the world? 
@_date: 2018-01-14 15:34:47


That's using those things as an investment, not a currency. What makes a good investment necessarily makes a bad currency.
If its the kind of thing that rewards you for not spending it then its the kind of thing that no one is going to spend if they have other options, which is why hardly anyone used gold coins even when they were in circulation. No one wanted to spend a gold coin if they had other coins to spend when gold coins rose in value faster than copper, zinc and nickel coins, which is why every country on earth has stopped making gold coins for circulation.


Why do you think money could or should be inherently less risky than any other part of the economy?
Money relies on other people continually valuing it to have any use, other things don't. A solar panel is still going to be useful for heating and lighting your home regardless of whether anyone else exists that you can trade it for.
What you need to live is wealth, not money. Money is just a means of trading wealth. If you're not trading it you're not getting any use from it, and you can't expect something that you're getting no use from to continue to be useful indefinitely.


There's two options here:
A) Zero inflation/zero deflation, at which point it will still be better to invest money in something that makes money than just to sit on it.
B) deflation, at which point no one will want to spend a deflationary currency if there are currencies available that don't deflate.
@_date: 2018-01-28 13:48:38


Price is a measure of the relative value of wealth. It's not perfect, since pricing is sometimes irrational and based on imperfect information, but its the best objective measure of wealth we have.
Hash rate does not tell you how much wealth there is or how much is being generated. If the hash rate was increased 100x, how much would the wealth being generated increase by? What about 10,000,000,000x?
It's impossible to work out because hash rate in itself is not wealth, its just something that could be used to generate wealth.
If you automatically assume hash rate = wealth then of course bitcoin is generating wealth because its encouraging people to put lots of resources into hashing but thats a circular argument. you first have to demonstrate what wealth is generated by that hash rate in terms of measurable wealth, not just hypothetical potential. 
The goal of a currency is to facilitate trade as efficiently as possible, not to have the highest hashing rate. you can say "but high hash rate makes trade more efficient" but in that case you can just directly talk about the measurements that let you know trade is being conducted more efficiently, because if you could facilitate the same amount of trade without spending any money on hashing then that would be even more efficient. 
It's a flawed theory of value, the same that Marx came up with: that if you put more resources into something it must be more valuable, except with capital instead of labor. Plenty of things had millions spent on R&amp;D and failed completely. It's not the wealth being funneled in that matters, its the results. If less wealth is generated than is used up then total wealth has been destroyed, not created.
Using a diesel engine to power a light to grow corn is not producing wealth because you will destroy far more wealth in the form of diesel than you will gain in the form of corn. 
A functioning market discourages this by causing a massive loss for anyone who tries to grow corn by burning diesel. Dysfunctional markets can reward wealth destruction with profit which is why you can't simply go by "bitcoin is worth a lot so it must have generated lots of wealth".


The world is full of unfinished and worthless buildings that were the result of millions in investment, that began construction during speculative bubbles where it was assumed demand from speculators and high prices was a signal of real demand and would result in real wealth.
Those houses don't represent wealth, because no one has any use for them. In fact some of those buildings represent anti-wealth, since they will never be used and only cost resources to demolish. Their entire lifespan involves using thousands of man hours and tens of thousands of dollars of materials that could have been better used elsewhere, providing no use to anyone before then costing lots of wealth to destroy.


Insufficient to maintain a steady price which is necessary for a functional currency. If supply and demand go up and down by the same amount price will remain constant. Price rises only decreases the utility of a currency by discouraging trade and encouraging rent-seeking, as well as adding to volatility which decreases confidence in the currency maintaining a steady value.
There is no benefit from distorting the purchasing power of a currency by restricting  supply so that price goes up when you can just have an elastic supply which means price stays the same, and if demand goes up then supply will go up and if demand goes down demand will go down.
@_date: 2018-01-10 22:49:40
Lightning has already been made to work using other cryptos, there's nothing stopping it from being used in conjunction with other coins. The most effective Lightning networks will have cross-compatibility.
So "we need 2nd layer solutions in the long run" doesn't answer the question of :
"Can anyone explain to me why I should keep using Bitcoin as a currency without going through this entire lightning payment channel hassle?"
Any benefit Lightning can provide to bitcoin it can provide to other coins, but those other coins won't have to wait 5-30 years before they can be feasibly used for sub-$100 transactions.
Bitcoin relying on a technology that can work on any other coin, that will only hit scale 5-30 years from now is not any kind of solution.
Bitcoins market share dropped from over 80% to 33% in a year. 5 years is too long to wait for a solution.
@_date: 2018-01-01 19:29:48
It also hit $1000 a little over 4 years ago.
@_date: 2018-01-12 12:59:37


Why would you spend bitcoin and then immediately rebuy the same amount of bitcoin in fiat rather than just spend fiat directly given fiat is quicker and cheaper and you wouldn't have to pay fees to an exchange to keep the same amount of bitcoin?
It's just wasting space on the blockchain for you to end up with exactly the same amount of bitcoin but less fiat from what you lost in fees.
 
Such behavior proves you're not treating it as a currency but as an investment.
Imagine the same person you paid in bitcoin was the same person you bought bitcoin back off to see how nonsensical it is:
"I'd like to buy a car please", "that'll be 1 bitcoin", "here you go. can I buy that bitcoin back please?" "that'll be $15,000"
@_date: 2018-01-16 22:35:17
This is why we need bitcoin for real.
What's the point of selling my bitcoin for dollars if banks are just going to stop me from spending it?
What we really need is some kind of decentralized currency that doesn't rely on central banks, then there'd be no need to put money in banks!
@_date: 2018-01-28 17:04:40
"mesh nets can't be centralized so no criticism of LN being prone to centralization is valid"
You've just defined the question in a way that you can't possibly be wrong.
The whole point of people arguing against Lightning Network is that they think it will heavily encourage centralization. You actually have to address the points they bring up and not just say "mesh nets aren't centralized so there's no problem with centralization, if some node tries to block you then you can just use another one".
The whole point is you won't just be able to go through other nodes if everyone on the network is just connected to a few big hubs. If everyone else in the network is only connected to a few big hubs then there's no way you connect with everyone else on the network without going through those hubs, or without opening a channel for every new person you want to trade with.
The way Lightning works heavily encourages centralization because it costs to open and close channels, and the capacity of the network is limited by the liquidity.
Therefore everyone connected to a few big hubs that have a huge amount of liquidity will be much much more efficient than trying to convince everyone to open 10+ channels, and enough money in each of those channels for the channel to be useful.
It's like saying auctions sites aren't centralized because if you want to you can just set your own version of ebay up. In theory its true but in practice its not possible because of network effects. A tiny number of auction sites are handling the vast majority of auctions.
@_date: 2018-01-31 19:00:03
I don't know much about Venmo, I wasn't the one who brought it up as example.
However I don't need to know anything about Venmo to know that if someone makes a point saying that bitcoin is not more practical than venmo, then bringing up lightning, which is even less practical than bitcoin is not a valid rebuttal.
When someone says bitcoin is useful they can't then provide as evidence something that is barely out of testing and whose devs are actively discouraging anyone from using, and that is less useful than bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:37:26
Bitcoin is one particular piece of software.
If isn't "cryptocurrency" anymore than yahoo was "search engines" or myspace was "social media".
You can't invest in cryptocurrency, you can only invest in particular cryptocurrencies. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 19:56:35


The vast majority of bitcoin trades are not using it as currency to buy and sell goods and services, they're using fiat as a currency to buy and sell bitcoin as a speculative asset. 
If a bunch of people trade metals on a metal exchange that doesn't mean metal is a more efficient currency than fiat because people are willing to pay the fees to move value around on exchanges. Gold is not a more efficient version of money just because people buy and sell it on exchanges.
It's a circular argument to say the fact people are paying high fees proves its more efficient than whatever they were doing before. Efficiency has nothing to do with it, it's all about speculative gains which is why people are willing to spend $40 on a transaction because if you buying and selling hundreds of thousands of dollars of crypto $40 is nothing, and why merchants have been dropping bitcoin because its too volatile and expensive to move be a useful currency.


There are plenty of assets that don't lose 50% of their value in a month, or 80% of their value for a year. It has nothing to do with "protection of assets", its speculation.
@_date: 2018-01-09 14:56:23
Isn't one of the defining characteristics of a store of value meant to be stability/reliability?
How can you reliably store value if you don't know what something is going to be worth 6 weeks or 6 months from now?
If you bought bitcoin at $19,000, good luck storing that value. Sure maybe it will be $40,000 2 weeks from now but it could also be $5,000 2 years from now. When bitcoin went over $1,000 for the first time it lost 80% of its value for nearly an entire year, and took nearly 4 years before it hit $1,000 again.
People say "store of value" when what they really seem to mean is "speculative investment". 
Something that gains and loses double digit percentages of its value in the span of weeks is not a store of value. 
@_date: 2018-01-24 16:00:26


Paper dollars are close to perfectly anonymous once they're mixed into circulation.
There is no way to know where that dollar has been before you got it (excluding when banks have tracked numbers)
Blockchains keep a perfect record of every transaction ever made. They're only as anonymous as you can keep your identity from the transaction.
@_date: 2018-01-14 17:09:37
China has inflation, but high rates of savings.
Debt is down to more than just inflation. Debt in the US is more down to political incentives than economic ones. Elections run on 4 year cycles so there's generally a higher incentive to increase debt rather than increase taxes or reduce savings. Everyone just keeps passing the buck to the next administration and hoping they're not the ones in charge when it comes time to pay the bill.
The incentive to borrow from a couple of percent inflation is actually pretty mild. 
Student debt is a much more specific trend than simply inflation, its a result of government subsidizing ever increasing loans for people regardless of what kind of value for money the government is getting, and a lot of that is cultural and political. 
These loans are not the result of 3% inflation, they're the result of a government which is caught in a short term cycle of fueling college education with debt it personally backs.
It's not private banks fueling college debt. If you asked a regular bank to borrow $100,000 to study liberal arts, and maybe some day 30 years from now you'll pay them back, they'd tell you to go fuck yourself.
@_date: 2019-07-02 18:41:44
People will be bidding thousands for a single satoshi, but all the weak hands will have been driven from the market at that point and the wisest hodlers will refuse to sell.
@_date: 2018-01-20 23:52:30


How many people sell just as much as they buy online?
I would assume trade his highly asymmetric (lots of money going from nodes to hubs, almost no money going from hubs to nodes).
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:13:57


Tether is marketed as a private currency with a 1:1 reserve in USD. They need to be able to prove it.
If they can't the SEC is going to come down on them like a ton of bricks.
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:56:40


They've never destroyed any Tethers according to records. Are you saying Tether is the one cryptocurrency in the history of currencies that hasn't seen ANY decrease in demand at ANY time since it was created? It's always either been steady or gone up?
"demand is expanding" according to the idea that they create Tethers when someone deposits money with them. If they're just lying and printing Tethers from nothing then demand isn't expanding, they're creating demand by printing a currency and lying to people saying its backed up by dollars.


Tether only stands in for dollars as long as people think its worth a dollar. It's simply not realistic to believe that Tether has stayed almost exactly 1 dollar despite huge fluctuations in the market and no Tether ever being destroyed, without it being because a dysfunctional market has emerged where people pretend its backed by dollars for short term gain and are hoping to play hot-potato and make sure they don't have any tethers when it finally crashes.
If that were true it is the most stable crypto in history and all they had to do was say "this is worth a dollar" and apparently there's no need to have a reserve. 
Counterfeit gold also stands in for real gold until someone realizes its not real gold. Then its worthless
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:12:28


the graph on that tshirt is not showing the BTC to Toyota Prius exchange rate. be real


How do you work out the price of a Toyota Prius in bitcoin without measuring it in fiat? Is 5 bitcoin a good price? What about 50? is that too much?
People care about how much fiat you can get for a bitcoin because the primary value of bitcoin is how much fiat you can get for it. This is because people are just using bitcoin as a speculative asset and an intermediary for fiat, not a currency.
When prisoners trade goods and services with cigarettes and coffee they don't price things in dollars. They don't say "that'll be $6.50 of cigarettes", they say that'll be 2 bags of coffee or 10 cigarettes.
When people are willing to sell goods denominated in bitcoin then you can say fiat doesn't matter, but you can't do that because its way too volatile, and if you price something at 10 bitcoin you could lose 20-40% in fiat if you don't pay close attention and constantly change the price in bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:56:19
Most countries aren't in a war.
If all countries in the world were at war we could assume that governments are getting something out of being at war.
Some governments benefit from being at war. In the US it happens that the military-industrial lobby has a lot of political influence, so there's an incentive for politicians to keep voting for higher military budgets, and once you have high military budgets there's an incentive for the military to use them in order to justify them.
There is huge variance in government policy all over the world because there is a huge variance in incentives for governments. Some micro-states have 0% taxes, some places have 50% taxes, some places have a king, some places have a one party state, some places have a huge deficit, some places have a huge surplus.
That not a single one of these governments thinks there's anything to be gained from either staying on or going back to the gold standard means something.
It might not necessarily mean that the gold standard is worse than fiat, but you need a better explanation for why that is than simply "if peace is better than war, why does our government keep going into wars".
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:51:00
If it's not a stable store of value, and its not a currency, what is it then? A speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-01-12 14:59:33
you might want to look at how many bitcoins the top 1% of bitcoin holders have.
@_date: 2018-01-14 15:41:52


Because the currency was based on gold and gold hoarding was contributing to catastrophic hyper-deflation, which was collapsing the economy, which is one of the reasons we and the rest of the world went off the gold standard.


Generally things that are naturally scarce and have underlying factors of supply and demand which make them very unlikely to ever be replaced by anything else.
Land is one of the most hoardable assets because at its core its just usable space in a gravity well. As long as A) humans take up space and B) it costs something to leave the gravity well C) costs something to make places livable outside the gravity well and D) land is easier to build and live on than water, then land is going to have some value.
At the point any of those things stop being true we will be so technologically advanced that almost nothing else you could think of would still have value.
Of course there are still short term speculative bubbles in land that can make it a bad investment even on the scale of a human lifetime, and it can exist in a regulatory environment that makes it unprofitable to hold (i.e. property tax is higher than the rent you could make on it), but as an underlying source of value almost everything else in the human economy at some point needs some land somewhere to be valuable.
People should keep in mind that the ideal should be that nothing is scarce rather than the ideal being that things are scarce and you are the one to profit on its scarcity. Many things become worthless because we have eliminated scarcity, not because we have lost anything of value.
@_date: 2018-01-25 23:05:27
It's generated perhaps a small amount of wealth in black markets by allowing some trades to happen that otherwise couldn't happen.
I've seen nowhere else its actually seen a real use case, any seeming business use cases are just spill over from all the loose money brought in by speculators.
Something like "bitpay" is not generating any wealth, in fact its probably destroying some wealth since its less efficient than legacy banking. It still requires the legacy banking system to facilitate trade so by definition it can't be more efficient than it. It's just legacy banking with more steps. It's simply a way of encouraging speculators to convert some of their assets into fiat to spend.
If someone has dollars and converts it into bitcoin and then converts it back into dollars and then spends it nothing of wealth has been produced, only some has been bled off to help facilitate that conversion and back again. Any profit made or lost is simply a zero sum transfer from one pocket to another.
@_date: 2018-01-19 19:11:18
It has to get to the point where its widely accepted first.
High fees are a direct impediment to scaling to the point where high fees wouldn't matter any more. You have to commit to spending $50-100, or be making frequent transactions with the same person before it makes economic sense to join the network. That limits the initial use cases tremendously, especially for something that is marketed towards allowing micro-transactions. 
At one point Paypal were just giving people free money to get them to use Paypal. Scaling a payment network is not as easy as some people seem to think.


It would be as frequent as any time you deposited/withdrew money from a checking account. Money on the network has to be backed by an onchain transaction. Otherwise whats to stop people from just lying about how much bitcoin they have to transact?
And this would only be if it gets highly centralized and popular to the point where you can basically use it as a bank account. 
American Express has 100,000,000 cards in circulation, but you can still regularly find places that don't accept it. Getting to the point where you can just put all your money into LN and not worry about needing any other payment method is a long long way away, and it will never be reached if people don't have better answers to technical problems than "when millions of people are using lightning it won't be a problem.
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:54:37


Even if its not directly under SEC jurisdiction (not sure on the particular scope of their jurisdiction, or the scope of Tethers operations), then they can still be under the jurisdiction of the Federal government. The Patriot act gives incredibly broad scope to investigations.
Liberty Reserve operated from Costa Rica. Arrests were made in the US, Costa Rica and Spain. 


This is as pointless a semantic argument as whether you don't believe in god or believe there isn't a god.
There is not a meaningful difference between a universe where god doesn't exist or a universe where god does exist but its impossible in any way to prove that it does.
There's no evidence its backed by anything. If you want to be "agnostic" to whether its backed then fine, but it doesn't change that until they can prove its backed people should just assume it isn't, just like people assume they don't have cancer until they can prove they do rather than thinking "well I don't know for sure, maybe I do have cancer".
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:35:28
How exactly could you invest in "COLOR TV"?
you can't invest in "blockchain". bitcoin is not "blockchain" anymore than "myspace" was social media or Blockbuster was "COLOR TV"
@_date: 2018-01-11 15:50:40
Why do you think scarcity is a good thing?
If we launched 90% of the gold on earth into a black hole, would that be a good thing because the remaining 10% would be more valuable?
Should we shut down all the gold mines in the world so that gold becomes more deflationary?
If the less you have of a crypto the better, why is 21,000,000 total coins good? Why not 19,000,000? If the supply rate decreasing no matter what is happening with demand is good, why half it every 210,000 blocks? Why not half it every 105,000 blocks?
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:28:45
Increased money going into mining doesn't increase supply because the mining difficulty just increases to match the extra power thrown at mining.
@_date: 2018-01-16 14:27:57


The exact same thing applies to bitcoin as you yourself pointed out: when someone sells a bitcoin for $19,000, it doesn't suddenly make all bitcoins worth $19,000, only a tiny number of people with bitcoin paid that much and there's no way most people could sell at that price.
If all market caps are inflated in the same way then the relative change in those inflated numbers is still an indicator of Bitcoins decrease in dominance.
You can go by trading volume instead and you see a similar drop.
What other way is there to measure it? Merchant acceptance? Daily transactions? Course then people just say all the other coins with higher volumes are just spam and its not a sign of value (even though almost none of these coins are being used for anything other than speculation)
@_date: 2018-01-27 23:56:35


No, the people did. There are plenty of currencies in use around the world that are not government fiat.
It's perfectly legal to use gold coins (or gold certificates) as currency now, and there are hundreds of countries its never been illegal to. 
There are people around the world using everything from cigarettes to phone credit as currency. To my knowledge there are no examples of anyone still using gold as currency for the reasons I've already stated. It's too profitable to hoard so its become an asset, not a currency. Gold is now measured in other currencies rather than being a currency other things are measured in.


They did that because during the Great Depression hyper-deflation was destroying the economy and causing millions of people to become unemployed and malnurished. 
Executive Order 6102 was in 1933, Bretton woods wasn't until 1944, the the gold standard wasn't fully abandoned until 1971. 
If it was some plot to get rid of the gold standard why would they still be pegging the dollar to gold? Why would they care who was hoarding gold? You can hoard as much gold as you want now and the US dollar is completely free floating.
Executive Order 6102 wasn't an attempt to destroy the gold standard it was an attempt to save it. The Fed required gold to print new dollars, and the hoarding of gold made it impossible to print more money even though there was a 35% monetary contraction during the Great Depression. Banning private gold ownership was an attempt to make more gold available as currency.
There are plenty of other countries that never banned private gold ownership that still abandoned gold currency.


And thousands of tons of gold are mined every year. There are many more tons of gold mined per year than there were 100 years ago. Is gold inflationary? Why do people keep talking about the gold standard like its some kind of antidote to inflation if we keep producing more and more gold?
I'm talking about relative inflation and deflation. The supply of a currency can increase but if the demand increases even more, you will have relative deflation. The purchasing power of bitcoin went up 1000% last year, that's well in the realms of hyper-deflation, and its because demand rate is going up while supply rate is going down.
USD is deflationary in Zimbabwe but inflationary in the US, because supply of USD in Zimbabwe can't keep up with demand because they don't print their own and have to rely on arbitragers to bring in more currency.
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:38:49


the fact that "three" in english only has one commonly accepted definition does not means words have objective indisputable definitions, it means that particular word only has one commonly used definition. 
You could have picked "zero" instead, which would show how words don't have an indisputable objective definition. Zero can refer to concepts in linguistics, mathematics and meteorology, it can be a noun, adjective or verb depending on its context and how its used.
It's impossible to tell what the word "zero" refers to in isolation, because it has no objective meaning, it subjectively means different things depending on how its used. Its possible to be used in a sentence in such a way that the meaning is ambiguous and could refer to several different things that is impossible to infer simply from context.


It shows fees going up as price goes down and vice versa. Do you need me to provide links to the graphs? Do you want me to 
 photoshop the graphs over one another so you can see that the dates and numbers actually line up? Should I convert the graphs into just a list of dates and values for you?
What would you constitute as actually showing that the graphs demonstrate what I say they demonstrate?


I'm using price and value interchangeable, price being a measure of value, but apparently language isn't ambiguous and its not possible that I was using them interchangeably and must have meant some other measure of value other than price. 
So you tell me what measurement i was referring to and we can compare those measurements to fees and see if its true that if fees increase value must also increase.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:24:34
Lighting could be made to work on basically any crypto, it already been used to trade other coins.
How is Lightning a reason why Bitcoin will skyrocket in value?
$50 cost to open and close a channel is going to be a significant deterrent to adopting Lightning compared to other coins that have more reasonable fees.
@_date: 2018-01-19 15:52:14


Why would you think I was saying the problem is you can't pay someone who has a closed account?
you said that you only need to have one channel open and never close it because you can connect to anyone through anyone else. the problem is if anyone closes a channel between you and the person you're trying to transact with you need to open a new channel. thats going to happen a lot when the network is small and people aren't regularly using it as a main payment method. that creates a clear scaling problem when fees are high.


I never said it would be a problem when millions of people are using the network, I'm saying its a problem now that will impede scaling to the point where millions of people are using it.
Let me know when you spend your first $100 on lightning.
@_date: 2018-01-18 14:30:09
Average bitcoin fees are $22 at the moment, and it costs to both open and close a lightning channel, so you'd have to spend more than $20 if you wanted to be able to facilitate movement of funds on the network.
Paying $20-40 to move $20 doesn't seem like a great deal.
@_date: 2018-01-28 17:30:11
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:18:10


They weren't arguing against needing Lightning Network in isolation though. It was in the context of a response to people saying "bitcoin will work for microtransactions when we have lightning", when there are coins that already work for microtransactions now and will work even better if/when Lightning Network is established.
you can't just say "well all coins would need something like Lightning at a certain scale, so needing Lightning isn't a reason to abandon bitcoin" because it ignores Lightning would only be required for coins at orders of magnitude greater scale than bitcoin, and that relative scalability actually matters.
More scalable coins could have enough runway so that they smoothly transition between handling microtransactions on-chain to handling them off chain without transactions fees ever climbing above a dollar. 
We know Bitcoin doesn't have that runway, its already hit a wall and that can limit adoption of 2nd layer solutions because no one wants to pay $20 to open a channel, and if no one is opening channels no one else will be interested in doing it either.
Just because something can theoretically operate at scale doesn't mean it ever will if the incentives for people to help adopt it aren't there. You need to hit a critical mass before opening and closing channels is actually more efficient than just making direct payments, and the worse a coin scales the higher that critical mass needs to be.
@_date: 2018-01-31 18:52:13
Better than dollars?
What do you think the velocity of bitcoin is compared to dollars?
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:41:00


you realize those things transfer dollars to people right? 
you'd pay less in fees if you just cashed out bitcoin into dollars yourself and then spent them directly instead of getting Bitpay to do it for you.


Paper what? Paper bitcoins?
@_date: 2018-01-18 17:41:48
So how does this help the idea of having a fixed supply currency?
People say "bitcoin is like gold", which it is, but thats not a good thing when gold had to be abandoned as a currency because it was too scarce in supply. Something with an exponentially decreasing supply rate (and eventually will decrease in total supply) is not going to fare better than something which has been consistently increasing in supply (but not fast enough).
People still want gold for other stuff even if its not useful currency, which is why its still valuable even though no one uses it as a currency anymore.
People seem to have this naive idea that value comes purely from scarcity, which you can tell is not true when you look at platinum, which is much rarer than gold but less valuable because there's much less demand for platinum jewelry than gold jewelry.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:35:02


It's estimated 4 million have already been lost.
What do you count as a "significant portion"?
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:18:54


That's referring to one company, Global Payments (GPN).
VISA interchange alone has a capacity of 24,000 tx/second and handles 150 million transactions a day, 54 billion a year.


How do you think a mesh net will have a higher capacity than a centralized system?
@_date: 2018-01-15 13:34:47


Overvalued compared to what? How could central banks cause absolutely every asset to be over-priced except for bitcoin?


Are you saying bitcoin (or other crypto) is the only asset in the economy that is not over-valued? How can everything else be over-valued, yet something that only has value because you can trade it for other things in the economy isn't? If bitcoins value comes from things it can be traded for, and all those things are over-valued, then bitcoin must be over-valued as well.
Bitcoin has halved in value several times in the last 9 years, its lost 80% of its value for nearly a year before. It is in no way a stable or risk free investment, nor will it ever be because its value comes almost entirely from speculators who are buying it because they think it will be worth more later. This is only because of artificial scarcity. If the supply of bitcoin could increase to meet demand then it would be far more useful as a currency (since its price would be far more stable). The fact that supply can't increase or decrease no matter how many or how few people are buying bitcoin guarantees its price will be unstable and prone to speculative bubbles since there is no price mechanism to adjust supply to meet demand.
As soon as anyone buys any amount of bitcoin, demand goes up and supply stays the same (and actually exponentially decreases in the long term). If demand goes up and supply doesn't, price rises, which enables a self-reinforcing cycle where buying causes price rises which entices speculators to buy which causes more price rises.
@_date: 2018-01-24 14:03:58
How about actually making an argument instead of just doing a character attack. The guy could be insane/a shill/lying and it still doesn't prove Tether are legit.
Why is it taking them so long to get an audit? Why have so many banks cut ties with them? Who  are they doing their banking with since Taiwan cut them off?
These are serious red flags that require a serious response, not just trying to discredit anyone who brings them up.
@_date: 2018-01-24 23:15:48


Now you're thinking with cryptos.


And what was that demand for? certainly not a usable currency, otherwise demand would have dropped as usability dropped.
It was for a stable, decentralized *store of value*. The more people hoard bitcoin, the higher the price goes, the higher the price goes, the better it stores value.
@_date: 2018-01-14 17:19:09


This could be a valid argument if the kind of countries that had high taxes and low debt were looking at adopting the gold standard, but they're not, which suggests thats not the reason, or else other countries have other reasons that need explaining.
There are plenty of countries that aren't democracies, where central planners are focusing on 10-20-50 year timelines and not just on winning the next election. These countries still go with fiat.
There's many things you can say about the Chinese government, but focusing on short term people pleasing over long term strategy is not one of them. This is a government that once spent 20 years to build a hydroelectric dam that displaced 1.3 million people


Gold standard also stops you from printing as much money as you need if you can't get enough gold in your reserves, which is what happened during the Great Depression and it completely fucked the economy even though purchasing power was skyrocketing.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:40:58
Why bother having such a high cap of bitcoins then?
If 1 bitcoin is enough then 16 million is certainly enough. no need for 21 million.
Dividing currency does not get you any more currency. During the great depression, when the money supply contracted by 35%, there was nothing stopping the Fed from just replacing every dollar note with 100 0.01 dollar notes.
It wouldn't have stopped banks running out of money because instead of asking for all their money in $1 notes they'd ask for it in $0.01 notes, you still wouldn't have had enough money to meet demand for money at the time.
@_date: 2018-01-24 22:40:57
How does sitting on 1 bitcoin increase the efficiency of trade and increase wealth?
@_date: 2018-01-07 21:01:58


Where do you think people store things in cities? Warehouses, storage units, garages.
If you think everything but food is going to be worthless why would you want to even live in a city? Cities don't grow enough food to feed themselves, and if nothing else is worth trading then everyone in cities will starve to death and kill each other for the last remaining food pretty quickly. 


Metals have been more valuable than food since the Copper Age, yet somehow breaking cryptography will make all metals worthless? So we'll be back in the stone age?


you're the one claiming quantum computing is going to destroy almost the entire economy. I just said it will make things reliant on crypto worthless.
Mainstream internet use is only 20-30 years old. Ending crypto is not going to send us back to the stoneage.
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:35:18
In which case that money can be seized by the government.
@_date: 2018-01-28 21:12:21
Any bitcoin you trade for something is a bitcoin you can't hodl.
what's the difference between trading bitcoin for a laptop and selling bitcoin for dollars and then buying a laptop with dollars? 
other than if you buy with dollars there's a million more places you can buy from, and you can benefit for chargeback protections if someone sells you a broken laptop and refuses to refund it.
@_date: 2018-01-18 14:13:01
We need bitcoin because its decentralized and can't be regulated by governments. Except for insider trading regulations, lets keep them somehow.
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:23:12


Price is not based on how much wealth something generates. Price is set by supply and demand. Dollars are used to generate trillions of dollars of wealth worldwide but the price of dollars goes down because the supply of dollars increases faster than the demand does. The amount of wealth being generated by dollars is much higher than 100 years ago despite the price of a dollar being much lower.
Whether Bitcoin will ever become a functional currency again, or be forever abandoned replaced by competitors, has nothing to do with present price rises. people buy with the expectation that the price will go up, which causes the price to go up. 
Did people speculating on house prices in 2006 think that somehow buying a house and then waiting for it to go up in value was generating wealth? It was merely profiting from a limited supply of housing. Government regulations restrict the construction of houses which stops supply from meeting demand.
If supply of houses outpaces demand for houses then the price of houses will go down. Generating more wealth causes prices to fall by reducing relative scarcity.
New construction decreased significantly during the last bubble, the opposite of what you should see in a functional market. High prices should signal that there is profit in supplying more houses, but since supply was artificially restricted, those increased prices couldn't be used to build new houses, instead they were funneled into speculation which further decreased the available supply of housing which further exacerbated the speculative bubble, and helped reinforced a cycle where it was more profitable to hoard housing than to construct it.
Bitcoin is experiencing this exact same rent-seeking speculation because supply is completely unresponsive to the price mechanism. Supply exponentially decreases regardless of how much demand there is, which makes it impossible for supply to match demand unless demand happens to shrink at the same rate as supply (which is not a sustainable supply model).
@_date: 2018-01-14 13:29:55
Frangibility is not the same thing as supply. Dividing up a dollar doesn't give you any more than one dollar. A guy with 2 dollars still has twice as much as a guy with 100 cents, or 1000 microcents. If you continually deflate the money supply so that the relative value keeps increasing (1 cent becomes worth what a dollar was, 1 dollar becomes worth what 100 dollars was), then you create a perverse incentive to just to hoard money because there's no way you can make more money by spending/investing it than you can by just keeping hold of it.
If you have 10% deflation you automatically make it so that no one will invest or loan money that provides less than 10% returns. This creates a vicious cycle where hoarding becomes more profitable as investment becomes less. The more people hoarding money, the more currency gets held out of circulation, the higher the deflation rate becomes, the less profitable it is to use money, the more people start hoarding it.
Before people say "people wouldn't stop spending money, people still need to pay food", look up A) how much of the economy is actually the bare minimum people need to survive, and how much is for-profit investments and trades B) the Great Depression, where the purchasing power of the dollar skyrocketed and consumer demand plummeted because everyone just started hoarding cash instead of spending it.
@_date: 2018-01-30 22:33:34
"The HMS Titanic has hit plenty of pieces of ice already and its never sank. All this talk of an iceberg is FUD. I cannot imagine any condition which would cause a ship to founder. I cannot conceive of any vital disaster happening to this vessel. Modern shipbuilding has gone beyond that."
@_date: 2018-01-23 16:13:34
I'm not invested in anything, I'm just interested in economics and currencies. obviously crypto is one of the most interesting new developments in those fields.
No one can say exactly when this thing is going to blow up or how much of the market it will take down with it. It could maybe go on for another couple of years, or it might be over in 2 months. It depends how long it takes the SEC to get involved. Tether are rapidly running out of legit banks to deal with which will bring problems to a head sooner rather than later.
[Inflation has rapidly accelerated since their banking got cut off]( which is the opposite of what should be happening. Lack of ability to bank with Tether should be causing a lack of confidence and a significant drop in Tether as Tether is redeemed for dollars while people still can.
Tether no longer being directly redeemable shows all the hallmarks of insolvency we've seen in similar collapses where "sorry we can't process transactions right now, it'll be back up soon!" is used to hide an inability to meet liabilities.
There were only 10 million tethers at the start of last year, now there's 2.2 billion. It will be hard for them to keep inflating at the current rate before people start asking serious questions about the lack of audit and inability to directly redeem.
Few people hold Tether for very long, and it's generally much easier to trade Tether for another crypto and then sell that for dollars rather than to try to directly exchange Tether for dollars. This keeps Tether from ever needing to have a significant percentage in reserve. The whole thing is running on blind faith that all Tether in existence could be redeemed for dollars if you had to.
@_date: 2018-01-28 16:44:26


Explain how. It's all going over a centralized infrastructure. You can't transmit more data than you can push through the telecoms network. A meshnet requiring several connections instead of one is just going to take up more capacity, not less.
@_date: 2018-01-24 20:58:58


I haven't seen all of Bitfinexed writings but I've seen several times him acknowledge the possibility that he could be proven wrong if Tether got a proper audit done.
Of course we can't know for sure that Tether don't have the reserves they claim, but we can assume based on the balance of probabilities with the available evidence that they don't have it until they show any meaningful evidence that they do, just like I can assume I don't have cancer until I see any evidence that I do have cancer.
If I say "I don't have cancer", do you think its not a bullshit semantic argument to say "well actually you don't know if you do or not, even if you saw a doctor last week you might have developed it since, or maybe it didn't show up on a test, so really you can't say whether you do or don't have cancer". All that is already reasonably implied when I say "I don't have cancer", no reasonable person infers that to mean "I know 100% for sure I don't have cancer and its literally impossible for me to have cancer", they already understand that to be the case. "I don't have cancer" is a linguistic shorthand for all that and more. You are not being any more honest or accurate by refusing to accept shorthand, you're just bogging the conversation down in pedantic semantics.
It's not honest to pretend like the burden of proof is shared equally between someone saying they have 2 billion dollars but can't prove it and someone saying if they can't prove it they probably don't have it and they're probably lying based on all this other shady shit they've been doing.
See: [Carl Sagans Dragon in my Garage](
In this case the Dragon is Tethers reserves, and you're saying that you can't really say there's no dragon because it might just be hiding. Well yes it might just be hiding, but until I see it I'm going to assume it doesn't exist, especially when every explanation for why I can't see the dragon has been incredibly suspect and it would be trivially easy to show me the dragon if it did exist.
@_date: 2018-01-05 20:33:01
This is FUD.
Bitcoin is decentralized and so no company like VISA can stop you from making bitcoin transactions.
I wouldn't be surprised if Roger Ver was behind this fake news.
HODL on tight folks, these shitcoin attacks are going to keep coming.
@_date: 2018-01-21 23:59:19


That completely undermines the case being put forward in the OP that centralized exchanges are the key to getting lightning mass adopted.
You can't simultaneously say that centralized lightning hub are the key and then say don't worry you can just not use the hubs.
@_date: 2019-07-02 14:02:59
Just because Bitcoin hodlers know its better to hodl than to use, doesn't mean no one will want to buy bitcoin, they just won't be able to because no one will be selling. The more that is hodled, the higher the demand to supply ratio, the higher the value, the more demand there will be as a store of value.
The hodlers wont need market volume because eventually you won't need to sell bitcoin.
Bitcoin is infinitely divisible. Even if volume was 1 satoshi per 100 years that 1 satoshi could be infinitely divided into 100 quadrillion separate parts, meeting the needs of any size market.
@_date: 2018-01-09 21:40:00
You're correct. Not everything that is accepted by a store as payment is money. Money is defined as a medium of exchange.
That would matter if I was trying to say that amazon vouchers are accepted by amazon so amazon vouchers are money/currency, but that's not what I'm saying. Vouchers are scrip, not currency, although scrips can become currency in certain economies just like commodities can become currency (like cigarattes in prison).
I'm not making the inverse logical fallacy you seem to be implying, which would be that if something isn't accepted by a store then it can't be currency (for example a store in China wouldn't accept a Euro but a euro is still currency in most european countries).
What I was saying is that gold is actually no longer accepted as currency basically anywhere in the country, or in fact the planet, outside of maybe a very few small niches that I have never encountered (like prisoners using cigarettes as currency).
The fact you can't find any store anywhere in the world to accept a gold coin as currency is a prime piece of evidence that they are no longer accepted as a medium of exchange. Anywhere you could actually use them you'd be using it only as barter, or a commodity.
@_date: 2019-07-15 14:19:03


they can manipulate the price so that they can sell at a high price, drop the price and then buy even more with the same amount of money.
they can also do things like short and then manipulate the price to profit from that short then use the profits to buy more.
@_date: 2018-01-30 22:13:38
If I have 10,000 bitcoin and you have 100,000 eth and we trade them back and forth 1000 times, that's billion of dollars of "daily volume" despite the fact no dollars have entered the market.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:29:55
Why do you think buying a currency that you don't intend to use for years is a good use of limited funds?
Because it will go up in value? The last time bitcoin entered a prolonged downswing it took 3 years for it to recover its value.
Tether has pumped 400,000,000USDT into the market in the last week, 100,000,000 a day for 4 days straight growing the total from 1.6 billion to 2 billion, and yet still prices fall. What does that tell you?
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:52:07
Replace it with what?
@_date: 2018-01-21 21:17:01
you wouldn't have to transport power anywhere if you were just using the power for mining, you just move the mining equipment to where electricity is cheapest, which is what already happens.
heavy industry is often located close to large sources of renewables, because renewables tend to over-supply energy (rivers and wind still flow at night when most people don't need electricity), which allows energy to be cheaply purchased, which is why china has so many bitcoin mines because it has some of the cheapest electricity, in part thanks to its many hydro electric dams, and also its many cheap coal power plants, which don't have to abide by the same expensive regulations as coal plants in other parts of the world.
You can transport 200 trillion dollars of crypto using a satellite uplink, its not like mining iron ore where you actually have to worry about physically transporting it.
there would be absolutely no economic incentive not to centralize bitcoin mining wherever electricity was cheapest.
Not to mention we're much further than 2 years away from solar matching the output of hydroelectric, which requires giant centralized dams.
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:28:17


the dollar was pegged to gold by the federal reserve.
what organization is going to peg the value of bitcoin to anything? If the price of gold went up in fiat why would someone still accept the same amount of bitcoin for it?


They don't. It's a free floating currency, so its what people use to measure the price of goods and services.
You don't need an intermediary to work out the price of something in dollars.
@_date: 2018-01-18 23:51:34


Key word being eventually, another being if. If everyone was accepting LN as payment then it would matter little how high the fees because you would never need to worry about closing a channel and the cost of the fees would be amortized over many thousands of transactions.
In the early days, when there will be very few use cases, not being able to confirm a transaction on chain under a certain amount will be a strong disincentive to use. The utility of payment "hubs" increases exponentially with network size so at the beginning they won't be very useful at all.
If I use LN to accept a low level payment and then can't close the channel then that money is effectively locked unless I can find somewhere else on the LN to spend it, which in the early days will be less likely because there will be very few places accepting it. People will also be scared to keep any significant amount of money on it while its in early days and there might yet be security vulnerabilities.
Utility doesn't scale linearly with transaction fee. At 10 cents to open a channel and 10 cents to close it there would be lots of microtransactions it would be instantly useful for regardless of the size of the network. At $10 to open and $10 to close theres a huge field of ecommerce that it would be useless for for a given network size.
LN being big enough to work as a bank account overnight is not an option. It needs a realistic growth strategy.
@_date: 2018-01-31 11:32:04


They've promised regular audits for years, and have never produced one, and they've severed the relationship with the company they paid to do an audit after they were "too thorough".
They've apparently had $600,000,000 in bank deposits in the last month despite the fact every bank they've had dealings with has severed their relationship and they can't explain where that money comes from.
You really shouldn't be gambling money in the markets if you can't spot such obvious financial irregularities.


This logic makes no sense if they're only so profitable because they're engaging in widespread fraud. Bitfinex and Tether are owned by the same people. They have a direct financial interest in convincing other exchanges to accept Tether.
Bernie Madoff had one of the most profitable investment schemes in the world for years. What you're saying is the equivalent of "why would Madoff risk such a successful investment scheme by running a ponzi? it makes no sense"
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:18:46
I'm sick of people who keep bringing up technical problems with bitcoin.
Can't we just stick to making memes about price and hodling?
What kind of community is this supposed to be?
@_date: 2018-01-24 13:47:19
That's like saying if I'm selling a new drug to people that I say cures cancer, you need to prove it doesn't cure cancer just as much as I need to prove it does.
How could you possibly prove that my drug doesn't cure cancer? Are you going to run 10+ year clinical trials on every form of cancer?
If I'm the one making claims about something I'm selling the burden is on me to prove it is what I say it is.
am I allowed to say "just because I haven't done any trials yet doesn't prove I'm scamming yet, you need to prove it doesn't cure cancer before you can say I'm misleading people"?
@_date: 2019-07-16 14:51:09


Bitcoin has no independent purchasing power, its only worth what someone is willing to pay in dollars (or other fiat). If people want to buy something in Bitcoin they first find out the price of bitcoin in fiat and then work out how much bitcoin it takes to match that fiat price.
If the euro drops 20% against the dollar, people across europe don't instantly increase prices by 20% resulting in 20% overnight inflation because a euro has independent purchasing power and people care about what its worth outside of how many dollars it can buy you. Changes in the value of the dollar only indirectly effect prices by changing the relative value of imports/exports.
People paying in Euros aren't constantly adjusting prices based on dollar exchange rate because they don't care if something buys less dollars if it still buys the same amount of goods in europe.
It's impossible to work out the price of anything directly in Bitcoin without first converting to fiat because Bitcoin lacks one of the 4 core functions of money which is being able to be used as a unit of account, which requires a critical mass of people using it as currency and stability in value in order for people to be able to work out the equivalent value of something in currency. It's an asset, not a currency. 
You can no more directly calculate prices in Bitcoin than you can in gold or any other asset.
@_date: 2018-01-29 20:51:50


How do you use Tether to buy anything if its revealed that Tether don't have their reserves and so no one wants to give you anything for Tether anymore?
Tethers value is based on the idea that Tether have 1 USD in reserve for every Tether in existence. 
If it turns out they were lying all that value disappears. Tether will be worthless.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:13:25


I never argued that money in the bank was safer, I argued that burying gold is safer.


Do you think the only options are keep large amounts of money in a bank or in bitcoin?
It's dumb to keep large amounts of money in cash whether its in bank or under your mattress. Cash is for buying and selling things. If you have lots of cash and want to have something that keeps its value well, you use cash to buy it with.


Steel, copper, lithium, solar panels, farms, mines are all still going to be worth something.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:40:08


I specifically mentioned speculators being attracted by fixed supply because it causes price to rise when demand does (which creates a self-fulfilling speculative cycle where buying increases price which encourages other people to buy and increase price further).
I'm not saying what you think I appear to be saying.
"meteoric" price rises (and the crashes that go along with them) does not equal a "stable market level", its the exact opposite.


This is exactly what I was saying, I think you misread what I was saying. Bitcoins price cannot "level off" or "stabilize" so long as demand grows while supply doesn't. No one will want to use it as currency while its price still rises, and its price won't stop rising while demand still keeps rising. It's a broken model for adoption of a currency. It requires people to dump ever increasing amounts of wealth into bitcoin for decades before it ever becomes useful, which is why it will never hit mass adoption, because there's not enough wealth in the world to sustain such an unproductive model for so many years.


By not having a fixed supply rate and actually using a market mechanism to adjust supply to meet demand?
Supply inelasticity leads to completely broken markets. The price mechanism leads to economic equilibrium in functional markets because if demand increases beyond supply, prices go up, which create a profit incentive to increase supply to match. If demand decreases beyond supply, prices go down, which creates an incentive to reduce supply.
No matter how much money miners put into mining bitcoin supply will not increase, so while higher price correctly signals miners to invest more it cannot balance supply and demand, which leads to perverse incentives where miners compete spending greater and greater amounts of energy trying to mine the same finite number of coins, even though it does nothing to increase supply overall.
@_date: 2018-01-11 13:53:12
Clearly I misunderstood what you meant when you talked about 5-10/5-30 year time scales, you don't have to automatically assume bad faith that I did understand what you meant and deliberately misrepresented it because I somehow think scoring meaningless points arguing against things other people didn't say is somehow a good use of time.


You didn't address the question of why anyone should keep using bitcoin specifically (not just any crypto/lightning) so I incorrectly assumed that your points regarding the necessity of a 2nd layer solution were somehow aimed at addressing that question of why someone would still use bitcoin.
Sorry for the misunderstanding.
With respect I don't think your post did answer the *full* question, especially not these parts:


Even if lightning is the future, it will still mean other coins would be preferable, because the growth of the lightning network would be heavily constrained by having to pay $10-20 to open a channel during the early stages when there are not many centralized hubs to connect to and users will be opening a relatively high number of channels while the network is small.
@_date: 2018-01-28 15:12:52
How is a payment system which requires lots of computing power to run a blockchain database that is transmitted on centralized telecoms infrastructure going to be cheaper than just transmitting data on  centralized telecoms infrastructure using private databases that don't require lots of computing power?
@_date: 2018-01-17 23:09:35


You said other coins have lower fees just because less people are using them. ETH proves that's not true, what does it matter what its being used for? What is Bitcoin being used for apart from money laundering and speculation?


Lightning allows trading coin for coin, why would people feel locked in to using bitcoin instead of whatever coin happened to be most useful?
Bitcoin is not the fastest, the cheapest, nor does it have the highest transaction capacity. Which is to be expected from the very first of its kind. The first web browsers weren't very good either, compared to the ones that came  after.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:27:34


And here I thought it was supposed to be a currency.
@_date: 2019-07-26 15:04:55
Loopholes are legal by definition, just refusing to pay taxes isn't.
not paying taxes you owe isn't exploting a loophole its just being a dumbass.
@_date: 2018-01-31 18:10:01
The post that was replied to with "lightning is doing well" was saying that Bitcoin has to be more practical than Venmo.
Lightning isn't even more practical than bitcoin, let alone Venmo. It's a small experiment that might at some point be useful or might not be.
Lightning devs don't even want people to be using it yet, those main-netters who are "doing well" are actively holding back the development of Lightning:








People need to stop treating Lightning like its the second coming, and stop hyping every minor development in a project that has been in development for years as if mainstream adoption is round the corner.
@_date: 2018-01-12 20:22:41
People being willing to pay high fees is a sign of how much value they're getting from bitcoin.
The higher the fees, the more valuable bitcoin must be. High fees are a good thing.
Bitcoin is a store of value. High fees help encourage hodling and discourage wasting precious blockspace on buying dumb stuff like cups of coffee.
We WANT bitcoin fees to go higher. $20 a transaction is nothing compared to what is coming. We should be hoping for $200 a transaction, or $2,000 a transaction. Think how much a single bitcoin will be worth when people are willing to pay $2,000 for a transaction?
@_date: 2019-07-09 12:21:14


You're comparing a hypothetical future where cryptos problems are all solved with technologies that have already successfully solved all its problems.
We don't know which technologies are going to have their problems "ironed out" or not in advance. 
Are hydrogen cars going to be competitive with electric and combustion once they have all their problems ironed out? Anyone can say a technology will be successful once all its problems are fixed.
Stirling engines are theoretically more efficient than internal combustion engines but no one has made a successful mass market stirling automobile in over 200 years. Lots of people were saying Stirling engines were the future for all that time, they just needed to be made smaller, cheaper, and easier to maintain, and that mass adoption of stirling engines is only around the corner. It never happened, and stirling engines still only have very few niche applications.


Why do you think this rhetorical technique is effective when you're picking technologies you know weren't a failure over ones that people thought would be successful at the time but turned out never to be competitive. It's about as convincing as me picking something we know was a fad and saying "that was a fad so that means bitcoin is a fad aswell".


Merchant adoption is worse now than it was 5 years ago. If that's moving fast its in the wrong direction. Even if all you care about is number go up, price is 40% lower than the all time high. It still regularly loses 10% or more in a day, which makes it worthless for any kind of medium or long term business planning which regularly operates on margins of less than 5%.
Oh I know, zoom out. or zoom in, depending on which time window looks best for the particular metric in hand.


No where in that entire article does it say what a blockchain database can do for supply chain management that you can't do with a regular public database, especially since that article is talking about permissioned blockchains, which means there's already a central authority so you can just use a fast regular centralized database instead.
None of the companies cited as adopting blockchain are doing anything other than small experiments, there is no mainstream industry adoption of blockchain for supply chain management, because there's no reason to.
@_date: 2019-07-09 10:51:44


you've just compared crypto to successful technologies instead of failed/obsolete technologies and implied it will have the same trajectory as the successful ones and not the failed ones. Crypto is just as likely to be like CDs, hydrogen cars or Project Xanadu than it is the internet.
It's been 10 years and its no where close to mass adoption in any nation on earth, not even ones which have a collapsed national currency like Venezuela or Zimbabwe. Merchant adoption in the top 500 US retailers is down since 2014. Even if all you care about is price/market cap then even that peaked nearly 2 years ago now. 


I thought it was meant to be a currency?
Instead now its an "asset" you "invest" in. What exactly are you investing in? Artificially scarce numbers on a database? Why would I want those? So I can try to sell them to someone for more money? If I want to buy something just because its rare, I can buy something naturally scarce like gold or land that at least can still be used for electronics/jewelry after the speculative bubble bursts. You know, things there aren't an infinite supply of like arbitrarily rare database numbers. But don't tell me, *these* rare numbers are super rare and valuable and irreplaceable, unlike the infinite number of copies anyone else could produce which are worthless shitnumbers. that's definitely a useful thing to have other people believe.


Why would they need to "invest assets" to track products? You think they don't already have tracking systems? I have QR codes on my products right now that I can use to see exactly when and what factory they came from, what do you think blockchain offers that doesn't already exist? Except for being slower and less efficient than a regular database. A centralized company has no need for a decentralized database.
@_date: 2019-07-11 22:06:14
It is wrong.
People who think gold is valuable just because its scarce and is a "store of value" don't know what they're talking about. Platinum is 3x rarer than gold but gold is worth more than platinum per ounce because there is far more demand for gold jewelry and gold electronics than any platinum products.
Gold price would plummet below platinum if gold jewelry suddenly went out of fashion (admittedly unlikely due to the long running cultural popularity of gold)
 A store of value is only a store of value if it has strong underlying demand. Something that is valuable just because of speculation is a speculative bubble, not a store of value. Although gold is currently over-valued by speculators the majority of demand still comes for practical uses, and more than half of current demand would still remain even if every speculator abandoned it.
@_date: 2018-01-10 16:01:56
The value of dollars and euros are stable because the central banks that issue them increase/decrease the supply of currency and credit to ensure a stable and small rate of inflation. Only an unstable government that doesn't give a shit about destroying its own currency will either issue far too much currency (hyper-inflation) or far too little (hyper-deflation).
Supply of bitcoin being unresponsive to demand guarantees speculative bubbles and wild swings in value.
Gold saw a recent speculative bubble, even though supply was responsive to demand, it was just not responsive enough. Demand outpaced supply for years, and it took years for gold supply to increase enough to match demand, because you can't invest in a new goldmine overnight. When supply finally caught up with demand, the speculative bubble burst as people realized gold wasn't going to just indefinitely increase in value because the more valuable it got the higher the gold supply increased. All the people who bought gold just to try and profit from price increases sold, so the price dropped to what people believed gold is worth right now, not what it might be worth in a years time.
With bitcoin no matter how high or low demand gets supply will keep decreasing because its hard coded. If supply can't increase to meet demand this means as soon as anyone buys bitcoin, the price will increase since demand will increase and supply won't be able to increase. This initiates a self-fulfilling speculative cycle where people buy, which makes the price go up, so people buy wanting to profit off the increasing price, which makes the price go up further. This can quickly accelerate to unsustainable rates, at which point you run out of people willing/able to pay more and more, then the price crashes because people think the thing that they bought to profit off increases in value will no longer increase.
@_date: 2018-01-06 15:02:12
Gold isn't useless.
Most demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry. It's the most popular jewelry metal in the world. There's also about 10% of demand that comes from the electronics, food and medical industry.
Gold has many uses. It's not valuable just because its rare. Platinum is far rarer than gold but gold is more valuable because demand for gold is higher.
This is why "bitcoin is just like gold!" is not a good argument. It's based on a misconception that gold was just arbitrarily chosen to be a "store of value". It's a store of value because its rare and there's a lot of consistent demand for it, although it gets less consistent during times of manic speculation.
People want to pretend gold is a store of value because people speculate on it and then transfer that reasoning to bitcoin is a store of value because people speculate on it, even if it has no other uses.
Speculation only makes sense if there's some value you're trying to exploit. Speculating on other people speculating is just gambling on who's going to be left holding the bag.
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:20:32


Not if no matter how high demand gets supply keeps decreasing, no.
you can't grow a currency without increasing demand, you can't increased demand without increasing supply without increasing price, you can't have a continually increasing price without attracting speculators which makes the price even more volatile.
@_date: 2018-01-24 21:01:27


You don't need to open a bank account, you still need a bank to process those debit cards. pre-paid debit cards are issued by banks or by companies who have relationships with banks who issue them on their behalf.
Cards don't contain any money themselves, they simply send signals to banks through the interchange network to move credit from one bank account to another. There is still a bank account you're using even if it doesn't have your name on it.
@_date: 2019-07-09 15:41:43
If you don't care about my opinion then you've wasted your time with all the text you wrote and are still wasting it now by bothering to reply.
@_date: 2018-01-23 16:28:34


So a bubble in Tether precipitates a bubble in the wider crypto market.
Given that Tether has been massively inflated in the last week, and prices have still dropped, then we can assume when the Tether bubble pops its going to take a big chunk of the crypto market with it, because its being used to prop up what would otherwise be a much larger crash.


A widespread (alleged) fraud that could cause lots of people to lose 50-90% of their savings is not something to be shrugged off with LOL ITS A CRYPTO SALE!!! MORE COINS FOR ME!
Crypto is never going to be taken seriously if you keep treating it like gambling, where 50% gains are always justified and 50% crashes are always temporary "adjustments".
Was the housing crash no big deal, just a discount on houses? Just buy the dip right? Houses will be worth more than they were in 2007 sooner or later (so long as the current constriction on new supply continues). Over the long term housing is still a great investment! Just not if you happened to buy 10 years ago.
People can't keep saying "store of value" as a defense for the lack of utility bitcoin has as a currency and then ignore how hugely vulnerable it is to speculation and price manipulation. It's not a good store of value if a single company can (allegedly) engage in a massive fraud that knocks 50% off this "store of value".
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:53:18


How much have average transaction times, overall transaction capacity, average transaction fee and average transaction speed been upgraded in the last 10 years?
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:38:04
If you're fine with a third party handling your funds there's no reason to use bitcoin, it was designed to be a trustless P2P payment network.
If its not P2P and you're trusting a third party with your money they you can just take advantage of all the advantages of centralized payment networks like high transaction capacity, low fees, fast transactions and chargebacks.
@_date: 2018-01-13 14:59:37
It's a logical fallacy that deliberately confuses correlation with causation. It only has the appearance of making any sense because the logical form is correct (i.e. if A causes B and B is good then A is also good).
Except, the premise is false, A doesn't cause B. B doesn't even cause A, there is a 3rd variable that causes both A and B which is what produces the correlation and illusion of causation.
High fees are not a cause of bitcoins value, they are a symptom of it and of a protocol that makes it impossible for miners to increase the number of blocks they process no matter how much computing power they throw at it, and so creates a perverse incentive for miners and users to push fees up through competition for limited space on blocks, despite those fees having no ability to increase the number of transactions processed (at least beyond the window of difficulty change).
The correlation between price and fees is due to a confounding causative variable of supply constriction (since the supply of bitcoins and blocks are tied). Constricting supply increases price of bitcoin and it also increases fees with all things being equal except greater demand for transactions. If supply was not constrained and could increase to meet demand neither fees nor price would increase.
The only reason higher fees haven't already tanked the value of bitcoin is because the demand for bitcoin is coming from speculators, not people who want to use it as currency, so the fact bitcoin is completely unusable for any transaction that needs to take less than a couple of hours or cost less than $20 is irrelevant.
In the short term it actually probably helps the speculative bubble because it further constricts the supply of bitcoin from people who have quantities of bitcoin that cost more to move than they are worth. In the long term it will completely destroy the value as demand becomes utterly dependent on increasing levels of speculation and any use of bitcoin as a functional currency is abandoned and substituted by alternatives.
@_date: 2018-01-23 17:49:05
This is only a brief overview, there's a lot more detailed investigations you can look into on Medium.
Although much of that evidence is circumstantial. The biggest points are simply not doing an audit after years of promising (and passing off internal audits as proper external audits), and lack of transparency when it comes to their banking arrangements.
It's possible Tether do have every dollar they claim to, but its just incredibly suspicious that they would not do a proper audit and expect people to have faith in them when it looks so obviously suspicious not to.
@_date: 2019-07-26 15:04:02
If you paid your taxes you have nothing to worry about.
You only have something to worry about if you don't know what taxes you were supposed to pay and then refuse to pay when you're told what to pay.
@_date: 2019-07-15 21:10:28


There is no "us" unless you're running an exchange or are in one of the private whale discussion groups.
Any time there's a serious movement in price exchanges always have "unexpected maintenance" so themselves and preferred customers can clear their trades first.
If you've been "accumulating" all this time that means you've given someone money when it was at $19,000 and you still haven't made that money back in nearly 2 years.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:44:33


Where are AOL and Yahoo now?
Lots of promising technology turned out to be a fad or never got widely adopted, or got widely adopted and then was quickly made obsolete.
"people thought the internet was a fad" is not a valid rebuttal to any specific point, its just attempting to borrow the legitimacy of the internet by comparison. It's no more a valid argument than comparing Bitcoin to something people thought was a fad and 100% was a fad.
@_date: 2019-07-11 21:56:03
Currently you can move the price 10% on any exchange with only 2000 bitcoin, roughly 22 million usd.
@_date: 2019-07-16 15:55:12
You said it's a mistake to think of bitcoin as an asset valued in dollars instead of it being a currency in its own right.
except you can't price things in it which is one of the 4 basic functions of currency, and it has no independent purchasing power, its worth only what its worth in fiat. its primarily a speculative asset with niche applications of being used as a proxy for fiat. neither of those things make it a currency, both apply to any number of assets.
I don't see how you don't see how those two things relate. It's a direct response to the claim its a mistake to view it as an asset and not currency.
@_date: 2018-01-17 11:45:30
In the future, people will have stopped using currency for trading goods and services and will instead be a form of recreational bankruptcy.
Sorry fiat dinosaurs like yourself don't understand the crypto meteor that is headed your way.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:52:06


There's a reason this sub says "Submit link NOT about price".
It's a speculative asset. No one gives a shit how useful it is they just care about how much money they can make from "hodl"ing. If people didn't expect to make money from speculation to HODL. People only want to HODL while the price is going up, only then do they plan on actually using them. The very fact you're measuring bitcoins success in price:


and not how widely accepted it is, shows that you are one of these people who see's it as a free money machine.
you should not want bitcoin to increase in value when increasing in value deters people from spending it and leads to price surges and crash that ruin any confidence that it will hold a consistent value.
course then you have to start asking difficult questions about how bitcoin could simultaneously become more useful without rising in price, and you won't like the conclusion to that if you still want to make money off it.
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:36:01
you can say the same thing about gold, except there's no risk of quantum computing breaking gold, there's no 51% attack for gold, gold doesn't rely on the governments power and telecoms infrastructure to operate.
How is bitcoin less controllable than gold again?
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:54:01


The property of tulips that was in demand during tulip mania was exponential increases in price.
People weren't paying the price of a house for a single bulb because it made a pretty flower.
Of course when people realized it wasn't going to exponentially increase in price for ever, people stopped demanding it for that reason, and the demand was set by tulips underlying property of being a pretty flower, which turned out to be much less valuable than a speculative asset that could provide you with 1000% returns on investment.
What do you think the property of bitcoin that is most in demand?
It's funny people will deny that the primary demand for bitcoin is in speculation. People love to talk about how it will be a revolutionary new currency, a store of value, it will democratize the economy and return power to the people, yet the front page is always full of memes about how much money people are making off it.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:56:22


Did a serious bug or major regulation destroy Myspace?
Facebook beat Myspace just by being slightly better designed and marketed, even when Myspace already had a huge network advantage.
The gap between Facebook and Myspace was much bigger than the gap between Bitcoin and its top 3 competitors.
Bitcoin is a currency that is significantly slower and more expensive than regular currency. There's not just room for a coin to be slightly better than Bitcoin, there's room for it to be significantly better than Bitcoin, and Bitcoin takes far longer to make adjustments to than a centrally controlled site like Myspace. 


There are no network switching costs. Its just being traded as a commodity, the actual network using bitcoin as a currency is negligible.
People already hold multiple different coins at one time. The idea that they couldn't switch doesn't make sense, they already have multiple coins. All they have to do is sell more of one and buy more of the other.
Everyone can shift from bitcoin to altcoin as easily as stock brokers can go from trading shares in AOL to shares in Google.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:29:40
I'd suggest asking a better question if you want to understand why a currency with a fixed cap, a gradual loss rate and no recovery mechanism can't stabilize long term. 


It's artificially scarce. There's a cap put on the number of bitcoins there can ever be. That's an artificial cap. That cap could have been set at 20 trillion or no cap at all. It's literally the definition of artificial scarcity.
The supply rate is also artificially scarce. A bitcoin is not the product of work, a block is, and the amount of bitcoins awarded by the block is dictated by the protocol. They could have decided to award 21,000,000 coins for the first block, or 0 coins, or double the amount of coins rewarded every block.
It's no more naturally scarce than any fiat currency, there will be as much or as little of it as we decide there will be, the cost of creating it is basically 0, its the cost of typing numbers into a computer.
It's a classic error by deflationists to think scarcity is actually desirable because it makes things more (relatively) valuable. We want as many valuable things as possible, we want asteroid mining to make gold as cheap as possible (everyone but gold hoarders that is). Currency is not wealth, its just a token for wealth, and the only people who benefit from insufficient supply of currency is people attempting to rent seek via hoarding access to a medium of exchange.
Currency is a means of trading wealth which means you need to increase the amount of currency as the amount of wealth increases otherwise it allows people to rent-seek wealth without producing anything of value.


And yet the utility of bitcoin is going down as those returns are going up. Almost as if the people trying to tell you those two things are related are on to something.
@_date: 2019-07-11 22:27:17


Its most of it. if you took away all demand for gold jewelry (or added equivalent demand for platinum jewelry), platinum would be significantly more expensive.
There's other differences but gold is still primarily valuable because it makes shiny trinkets. It's value as a speculative asset comes almost entirely secondary to that now its no longer used as currency. If speculators couldn't rely on a vast and growing pool of gold jewelry consumers the speculative bubbles in gold would be much shorter lived.
It's a myth there's something uniquely valuable about gold, or that it is even a particular good store of value (compared to an index tracker or inflation adjusted bonds) although that myth has helped increase speculation
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:23:48


The Euro never started as a commodity, it didn't become a store of value and then become a currency.
It was a currency from day one.
Everyone hoarding euros until some point in the future where euros were worth a ridiculous amount wouldn't have helped anything, it would have just discouraged use of the currency. Euros being a useful currency is what made them currency, not people speculating on them til they hit an arbitrary price-point.
Hyper-deflation does not encourage people to spend currency, it does the exact opposite, which is why we're seeing use of bitcoin as a currency decrease as its price skyrockets.
"a currency has to be a commodity and a store of value first" is just something people made up to justify why bitcoin is worth more and more even as its becoming a worse and worse currency.
There are/were commodity currencies (like coffee in prison) that never became a store of value. No one thinks buying a bag coffee is going to be worth more in 6 months time. Coffee becomes worthless over time because it starts to taste like shit.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:30:20


Just like gold right?
Oh wait everyone stopped spending gold coins because they kept going up in value and it was better to just hoard your gold coins and spend coins that weren't going up in value so fast.
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:04:43


Explain how the last paragraph isn't asking if the internet exhibited exactly the behavior I described in the first paragraph.
Do it without saying that "this kind of adoption behavior" refers to something other than the behavior I just mentioned in the previous paragraph, which is what the word "this" means in that sentence. 
Or you know you can just admit that you misunderstood what I wrote or didn't say what you meant to say instead of insisting that I was lying.












Are you still confused about what the word "this" means?
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:43:43
It's a store of value.
The less people are selling their bitcoin, the lower the supply, the higher the price, the better it stores value.
Of course we will never hit the ideal of 100% of bitcoins being dormant because there will always be 1 or 2 satoshi being moved about by bots but hopefully we can go parabolic and hit 99.999% dormancy in the next 10 years, and break through the $1,000,000 a coin barrier.
@_date: 2019-07-02 11:36:12
That less wrong article is about known probability, i.e. 70% of the cards are blue so there's a 70% chance of pulling a blue card, or 47.4% of roulette wheel spaces are black so there's a 47.4% chance of hitting black.
It doesn't tell you anything about unknown probability, such as, what is the chance that a piece of software that was launched 10 years ago and is used by less than 0.01% of the population will ever become a global currency.


That's not how markets work.
You can't just look at everything that's gone up more than its gone down and go "this pattern is absolutely immutable and will continue forever, so on average you'll always be better off"


Go have a look how many deflationary shitcoins are at or near 0. Nothing is valuable just because its scarce.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:21:20
It also reminds me of that time in the tech industry where software that was first to market but didn't see any major upgrades for 8 years managed to stay relevant and not get replaced by any faster innovating competition.
@_date: 2018-01-07 16:25:48


Do you think people are just going to starve to death because you can't trade securely on computers any more?
If you think all precious metals are going to be worthless then what is still going to have value if not useful metals like steel?
If you need food, you need to farm, and if you want to farm well you need a useful metal like steel to build things like plows and harvesters.
If you think all other economic activity would disappear then the relative value of basic industry like farming and mining would skyrocket.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:32:45
I call 'em fuel units.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:11:26
If 99% of people are buying because they think the price will go up and they want to get rich quick, what happens to that 99% of people when the price stops going up?
The options are either A) infinite growth or B) crash
The idea that somehow bitcoin will "stabilize" when all of the current growth is coming from speculators makes no sense. People want bitcoin because it keeps going up in value, not because it retains a stable value. If they wanted something of stable value there are far more reliable things to put your money into.
For the people who want big returns, as soon as bitcoin stops delivering those returns they will cash out and put their money into the next big thing, and that will cause bitcoins value to crash.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:40:55


The network is secured by the amount of money it takes to secure it. If fees go down that means its cheaper for one entity to produce 51% of the hash power.
You can't simultaneously say that spending millions of dollars a day on PoW is necessary to secure the blockchain and that's why bitcoin is valuable and also that we can just make mining cheaper and it won't cause any problems.
Either PoW is a waste of money or its necessary security, and if its necessary security then it needs to increase in cost with the value of bitcoin otherwise the value of committing a 51% attack will increase beyond the cost, making it profitable.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:47:44
That only works if most of the demand for bitcoin comes from people who want a payment system, which it isn't.
Most of the demand comes from speculators as is evidenced by the overwhelming focus on increasing price rather than increasing utility.
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:23:02


Why do you think gold coins were abandoned as a currency if this is true?
"people still need to buy stuff so deflation/volatility won't discourage spending" and "people will want a currency that goes up in value more than they want to accept one that goes down in value" both apply to gold coins.
But every country in the world that previously used gold coins as currency stopped because gold became to valuable and people would just hoard them and spend coins of less valuable metal. There is nothing to force people to spend gold coins because they can just spend other coins (or paper notes) instead.
 
@_date: 2017-12-26 21:15:09
It costs energy to do proof of work. It takes proof of work to process transactions. How could you think these things are uncorrelated? They're directly correlated: the more proof of work you have to do the more energy you need.
You think they're just burning terawatts of energy for fun?
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:20:01


The majority of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry, not because its a failed currency.
Gold has no value as a currency, but that doesn't make gold worthless because its valuable for other things.
One of the reasons gold was abandoned as a currency was because people kept hoarding and melting down coins because it was far more valuable as a metal than as a currency.
It becoming deflationary was a sign that it was a waste to use a very rare metal like gold for currency when more common metals like copper and steel worked just as well.
You won't want to follow this logic through when it says that bitcoin will be abandoned for a less deflationary currency.
When bitcoin becomes too deflationary to have any use as a currency (which it already nearly is even when supply is as high as it will ever be), what will it be valuable for? "It's a store of value", why? "there's only a limited number". Okay so why would I store my value in bitcoin which is valuable for nothing else except being a store of value when I could buy land, which there's also only a limited amount of but that has a million different practical uses if I can't sell it to anyone.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:01:35
Advertising a currency doesn't even make sense. Currency is what you use to buy and sell. "hey, buy my currency" "why?" "It's good for buying and selling things" "okay what do you want for it?"
If it was a currency you'd want to be trading goods and services for it, not buying it with currency.
If 99% of bitcoin trade is just people buying and selling it in various currencies then its just an asset, and its obvious why someone wants to advertise an asset that they hold and stand to profit from people buying.
@_date: 2019-07-01 12:31:56
If that's true why did "buy bitcoin" peak in December 7 2017 and the price peaked on the 17th?
@_date: 2019-07-02 11:37:41
Some people don't get it. Bitcoin isn't about buying and selling things, its about HOLDING. The more people hold the more valuable it gets. over 50% of bitcoins haven't moved in a year. God willing we will get that number up to 99.9% soon.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:53:21


No one who unironically uses the word "hodl" is an independent thinker.
@_date: 2019-07-02 16:41:50


payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a financial institution
That sound like Bitcoin to you?
How many peer to peer transactions are happening without going through a financial institution.
Bitcoin has EVOLVED past being a petty medium of exchange, it is a STORE OF VALUE.
There are thousands of currencies you can use if you want to trade, but there is only ONE Bitcoin, the most cryptographically secure store of value in human history.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:38:27


No, the point they were getting at is that when you buy shares in a company, you now own a part of that company and the company gets money they can invest into their businesses.
Shares entitle you to dividends on profits.
If the company goes out of business your shares entitle you to a percentage of whatever assets it has left after paying its debts.
Shares value is based on how valuable the company is, not just the rarity of the shares. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:10:39


Even if they were directly buying bitcoin it wouldn't help the adoption of bitcoin as a currency unless they were using it as a tool for buying and selling goods and services.
I feel like I'm taking crazy pills when people talk about increasing the adoption of bitcoin when 99% of all discussion is about making fiat money from speculation. If you're interested in bitcoin because you want to make money in fiat, you are not somehow divesting from fiat, you're just adding one more thing that fiat is useful for trading.
@_date: 2017-12-26 14:49:16


Why? Bitcoin goes up in value, USD goes down.
If you have both USD and Bitcoin there is no benefit to spending Bitcoin before instead of USD.
This is why almost no one spends bitcoin, its also why no one spends gold coins anymore. It doesn't matter if you want to spend them if no one else does.


Bought with USD by any chance?
What's the point of incurring fees on the blockchain by spending bitcoin and then immediately buying some more with USD when you could just keep the bitcoin you already have and spend the USD, given that USD are accepted everywhere and are quicker and cheaper to use.
If you have to use USD to use Bitcoin that's a sign Bitcoin is doing a bad job as a currency.
People don't have to use another currency to buy their dollars, dollars is what they get paid in, its what people buy and sell things in.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:57:18
Miners don't want to make a decision that will cause mass abandonment of bitcoin because it would lose them money. That's not the same thing as them putting other peoples interests over their own. That's an example of them guarding their own interests.
If miners can vote for something that will benefit themselves without losing any money then there's no reason they wouldn't.
In order to prove decisions are based on "consensus" you need an example of where miners voted for something that cost them a lot of money because of the consensus.
As it happens, the interests of Miners and bitcoin users are mostly aligned, because they're both using it as an investment, not a currency, which means they both want to see the price go as high as possible regardless of how useful it is as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:59:10
Think of all the value you must have created to get rewarded for that risk taking!
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:17:50
I don't know why you're being downvoted, this is exactly what they say in the article just linked to.
Apparently we should only predictions that say bitcoin will go up matter.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:33:18


There were far more people using Myspace than are using Bitcoin, it didn't stop Facebook from winning.
There were far more people using Yahoo than are using bitcoin, didn't stop Google from winning.
@_date: 2017-12-26 20:49:09


He showed that if bitcoin handled the level of transactions that VISA did at its current efficiency it would require 50% of all energy consumption on earth.
All of banking requires an even higher number of transactions so it would require even more energy for bitcoin to process them.


If people responding to you on an open forum annoys you I suggest not posting on one. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:45:58


You can't respond directly to that phrase without directly responding to what the phrase was referring to. 
The word "this" in a sentence means "referring to a specific thing just mentioned". 
"this kind of adoption behavior" referred to the behavior I just described in the previous sentence. What else would it be referring to with the phrase "this kind of adoption behavior"?
You don't get to decide what I mean by "this kind of adoption behavior", and then say I'm a liar because you meant something different than what I just referred to. If someone says "this never happened", you don't get to say "sure it did" and then say "actually when I said yes I was referring to something other than this, so you're a liar for saying that I said that thing happened".


I was specifically referring to its use as a currency. I already acknowledged people were saving it, that was my whole point that no other network technology was adopted by millions of people saving it and then at some point transition to start using it.


You keep calling me an idiot, pathetic liar rather than accept that you either didn't say what you meant to say or don't understand what the word "this" means in a sentence. 
But I'm the overly emotional one.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:45:47
Liberty Reserve got shut down because they were operating without a license and were facilitating money laundering.
There are plenty of legal alternatives to dollars, BitGold and GoldMoney, or literally any other commodity you want to use as money. Most people don't use them because they're not very useful.
There is absolutely nothing stopping you from using anything you want as currency as long as you pay your taxes in dollars and don't break other laws. There's no law against paying for goods and services in things other than dollars. You could use sea-shells or guitar strings if you wanted to.
Plenty of countries use phone minutes as a decentralized currency. No one does it in the US because dollars are more useful.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:34:38
People who bought 500 bitcoins for $10 years ago aren't going through any right of passage.
It's in their interest to tell people to put huge amounts of bitcoin and never sell them to keep the price going up. The worst they can lose is their original $10
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:28:50


I don't see any relation between this and buying into an asset at its all time highest peak after incredible rates of growth which are definitely sustainable.




Was your firm seeing greater than 1000% annual returns on investment? In which case how could you not have any money to invest in bitcoin. And if it wasn't seeing those kind of returns, why would you invest in your firm instead of bitcoin when you *knew* bitcoin would have parabolic growth?
@_date: 2019-07-11 22:11:02
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:23:43


It's also how I know I'm immortal. Every time I've been in an accident I've always survived. If I was going to die I would have died already.
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:46:42


Whereas bitcoin hoarders only want to benefit others?
The motivation of hoarders is plainly stated. They think bitcoin will be the main currency in the future, and they believe that if they buy up as much as possible before that point, then people will have to pay them far more than what they paid to be able to use the currency.
They don't believe their hoarding will make bitcoins available to more people, they couldn't, because the number of bitcoins and the production rate is fixed. Hoarding bitcoin doesn't make it more available to others, it makes it less. All they're doing is increasing their slice of a finite pie, which mean they gain at others expense. They're not getting rich from creating value they're getting rich from trying to gain control over a fixed resource. this is zero-sum rent-seeking, aka parasitic economic behavior.
thankfully there's plenty of other, better currencies available and no one will be forced to use it, so its just speculators eating each other.
Speculating only helps people when higher prices signal producers to increase supply. When golds price shot up due to speculation, gold mining also increased and an equilibrium was reached and the price has been relatively stable for the past 4 years. Bitcoin can't hit such an equilibrium because its not responsive to the price mechanism.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:10:43
I used this exact strategy with my Theranos shares.
You would not believe the amount of FUD from the mainstream media about this revolutionary new company. After a while I just stopped paying attention. It's been a couple of years since I've even checked the price, I know my grandchildren will thank me for having the courage and the foresight to HODL when all those around me were losing their heads.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:55:46


The majority of demand for gold comes from the jewelry. It's naturally scarce and there is no other metal that can be used as a perfect substitute.
It's a myth created by speculators that there are economic goods the exist that are valuable purely because they're valuable. Gold is primarily a jewelry metal, not a "store of value". It happens to be valuable because there's lots of demand for gold and a limited amount produced every year so people will pay a lot of money for it so you can use it to store your value in.
If someone figures out a cheap way of extracting gold from seawater it will become worthless as a "store of value"
Bitcoin is not naturally scarce and there are perfect substitutes. You can fork a perfect clone of bitcoin if you want so long as you can get people to agree to it.
People aren't going to value it just because its scarce if it can't be used for anything just like they won't value a fork of bitcoin that has only 1 coin ever in existence.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:01:27


It was also caused by irresponsible and greedy speculators who were happy to take advantage of cheap mortgages to try and buy up as many houses as possible and sell them on for a profit.
It's a two way street, you can't blame it all on bankers, no one was forced to try and become a property-tycoon.


And if you had shares in Pets.com when it was at its highest then you'd have nothing now. 
Betting on horses is a good way to make money as long as you bet on the right horse.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:06:43


How is this inconsistent with a speculative bubble? Speculative bubbles require confidence in future value to operate. They burst when confidence is lost, which can be lost for many reasons.
If a major gold mine collapsed or a nations gold reserves got stolen it wouldn't cause gold to lose 80% of its value because most of golds demand comes from the jewelry industry and they're going to demand gold regardless of how valuable people think it is going to be. In fact obstructions to the supply of gold would only cause its price to increase, because people wouldn't be sure when they could next get some gold.
The fact that the price was depressed for so long after exchanges were back online says it wasn't due to the fact that the coin had lost any utility but that people just weren't as sure it would be worth more in future than it was today.
Now speculation has picked back up and confidence has returned that bitcoin is going to keep being worth more and more instead of less and less. If that confidence goes again expect the price to plummet again. There's lots of things that could collapse that confidence at this point. Government crackdowns, being overtaken by a competing coin, another hacking/fraud scandal, increasing technical/scaling issues, failure of a hopeful technical solution like Lightning, fragmentation of the community through forks
@_date: 2017-12-07 11:46:56
Bitcoin has already gone from $0.01 to $10,000, it can't go from $10,000 to $10,000,000,000.
Even if you think demand is insatiable, wealth to buy it with is not, and in order for bitcoin to hit $10,000,000,000 we would need several times more wealth than all the wealth on earth combined. At the current growth rate of the world economy there won't be that much wealth on earth for hundreds of years, and that growth rate is trending down, not up.
Its people such as yourself who think the real money has yet to be made who are keeping the speculative bubble going. We're already on the tail end.
Going from $1,000 to $10,000 seems impressive because those are big numbers but its no better than when it went from $0.1 to $1. Except the guy who bought 1000 bitcoins for $0.1 exposed himself to very little risk for massive gains. Buying 1000 bitcoins at $10,000 exposes you to massive risk for very little comparative gains.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:52:46


It would be fucking incredible if Bitcoin was still relevant in 20 years time, just as incredible as if we were still using MS-DOS or Netscape Navigator today.
Some cryptocurrency may come out on top but it would be unprecedented if it was the very first one to market. Tech is highly innovative which is why market leaders get dethroned so often. Once a software/company gets huge it becomes much less responsive. We can already see this with bitcoin. It's taking years to get consensus on even the most simplest revisions to the protocol, whilst smaller cryptos are innovating rapidly.
All this is to say I'm very skeptical of the idea that bitcoin is valuable not because of rampant price speculation (of which the evidence is overwhelming), but because its definitely going to be the currency of the future that replaces all other currency.
There's a very good chance bitcoin is worthless 20 years from now, which destroys the idea that current value is based on future utility.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:49:01
Bitcoin can NEVER be replaced. What don't FUDers understand that? No shitcoin or shillfork will ever be able to improve or replace bitcoin.
The first to market and the market leader ALWAYS wins out in tech. I will eat my own head if anyone can dare to suggest an example where the first technological solution to a problem ever got replaced by a competing technology.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:24:45
I mean people could get together and decide to peg the supply of bitcoin to the growth of the world economy, but that would require A) a huge revision in the protocol which would be difficult to get everyone to agree on and B) everyone involved in bitcoin would have to vote against their own financial interests for the good of other people.
If you own bitcoin your financial interest is to increase the price of bitcoin as much as possible. There's no reason you would care if its a viable currency or not when your reason for getting in was making money (hence the popularity of the "bitcoin was never meant to be a currency, its a store of value, other coins will be currency" meme).
It's much more likely innovation will come from a separate coin/technology which doesn't have vested interest in increasing price at all costs.
Satoshi was smart enough to realize that currency needed a network effect, and so you needed some sort of incentive for people to give a fuck about bitcoin before you could use it as currency. Unfortunately he did not have a good plan for what would happen after people started adopting bitcoin. All the incentives are focused on growing bitcoin as fast as possible rather than on ensuring it becomes a useful widely accepted currency. Capping bitcoins was a great way of making sure people would think its valuable in the short term but guaranteed that it would become worthless in the long term.
There's also the underlying problem of how you decentrally revise protocol without allowing perverse incentives to take over. Any government not run by incompetent dictators have a reason not to abuse their currency, because government gets its money from tax, and if you destroy the currency you destroy the economy, and the economy is where you get taxes from.
Bitcoin really needed a system where people would be rewarded by increasing the use of the currency, not just increasing the price. Miners make far more from bitcoin increasing in price than they do off fees, or could ever realistically make off fees, so they have no incentive to reform.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:33:29


If you have everyone on the network connected to one hub then you can reach anyone else on the network in 2 steps.
that's the most optimal arrangement. it's optimal in terms of routing and its optimal in terms of balancing payments.
it is not feasible to have a network were you have to go through 200 different nodes to reach someone, especially when you are limited by how much money people have in their accounts.
It is not feasible to have a network where each person has to have open channels with millions of different people.
centralization is the only viable solution.
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:50:44


Do you use your bitcoins to pay rent, pay employees, buy goods and services?
Because if you don't I don't know how you expect to remove reliance on central banks if you just hold bitcoins and use regular currency for everything else.
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:25:29


this is a separate point, I already addressed the savings issue in another comment. I still don't see what I was meant to have the wrong way round and what the right way round looks like. I'm not trying to be difficult I'm just honestly confused as to what I was meant to have wrong when we were both saying the same thing, but you seemed to think the way I said it implied some other meaning.


I didn't say the answer was to put money in a savings account, I said the answer is to use money to buy something that holds value, or better yet generates value.
Having money in savings account is still holding on to the money, you're just hoping that the banks interest rate will be higher than inflation, which as you pointed out it often isn't.
Money only generates value through facilitating trade. You should not be rewarded for holding money when holding money generates no value. The only reason savings accounts provide any returns is because banks can use that money to provide loans to people who then use that money to generate value and then pay back the bank with a portion of that value. 
Bitcoin advocates are arguing for a system where by money appreciates in value regardless of what you do with it. You don't even need to have it in a bank facilitating trade by giving loans to businesses. Just have bitcoins under your bed and they will indefinitely increase in value. I've not yet heard a good explanation for where this value is supposed to come from and why it wouldn't be disastrous for the velocity of the currency.


Bank notes are no longer that store of value.
I've never argued inflationary currency is a store of value, I've argued the exact opposite, that not only do currencies not need to be a store of value, but that being a store of value is a negative thing for a currency because it discourages trade which is the only utility of money.
Money doesn't need to be a store of value because money can be used to buy other stores of value. Just like gold doesn't need to be a good currency because you can sell gold for currency.
@_date: 2017-12-05 22:00:03


Insurance allows you to do things that might bankrupt you otherwise by pooling risk. If you have 100 taxi drivers, all paying $1,000 insurance a year, they can all afford to pay $2 a day insurance more than they can afford to pay $100,000 if they crash the car and have to pay someones medical bills. Paying a small amount of insurance doesn't cripple your ability to earn, but getting hit with a $100,000 lawsuit does. If you have to sell your car to pay out then you're no longer making any money, so less value is being generated in total by spreading the risk out.


No value has been generated in this scenario. If there was no middle man there would still be exactly the same number of bitcoins in in the world. The 'middle man' is actively increasing the price you have to pay for bitcoin by increasing demand for an asset of fixed supply. If there were no middle men buying up bitcoins then the people with bitcoins would be willing to sell at a lower price because there would be less demand.
Speculation only serves a valuable purpose when supply is responsive to price. When prices rise that encourages suppliers to increase supply, such as with gold mining where the increased price of gold allowed miners to open mines which previously would not have been profitable at a lower price, thereby increasing the supply of gold.
Speculating on a fixed resource is just rent seeking. Currency only generates value by facilitating trade, which is one of many reasons why fixed-supply currencies are a bad idea because they encourage rent seeking over wealth generation.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:50:25


This would hold true if the quantity of wealth stayed static and so did bitcoin. In which case it wouldn't be possible to rent seek. Currency is a means of trading wealth, so the amount of currency needs to scale with the amount of wealth/trades. It's when it doesn't scale that artificial scarcity is induced and rent seeking can occur.
To super simplify it, if you add/destroy 1 currency for every 1 wealth you add/destroy, then currency will always be worth 1 wealth. You can't hope to gain wealth by hoarding currency because 1 currency is always worth 1 wealth.
The only use currency has in such a situation is to allow wealth generating and pareto optimizing trades (i.e. a trade allows more wealth to be generated, like selling seeds to a farmer, or it optimizes the existing distribution of wealth, i.e. I have more steel than I need but want corn, you have more corn than you need but want steel, we don't increase the amount of wealth but distribute existing wealth more efficiently).
When you limit the supply of currency (you add 1 wealth without adding 1 currency), then you induce scarcity and increase the relative value of currency. This means you can just hold currency whilst other people generate wealth and now buy more stuff because there is greater demand for currency. In fact the more currency you hoard, the more wealth you will gain, by dual effects of having more units of currency appreciating, whilst hoarding decreases supply and increases price.
This hoarding of scarce currency is the rent seeking. Rather than use the currency to generate wealth, you merely withhold it from supply, and then sell it on at an increased price. So you withhold currency from its wealth generating use to profit from its rent seeking use. This is how deflationary spirals happen, as the more currency is hoarded, the more profitable currency hoarding becomes relative to using it to generate wealth, until even the currency hoarders are worse off because there's so little wealth being generated and you can only redeem currency for existing wealth.


The medium of exchange. It's not a perfect analogy because unlike a river toll, there's nothing to stop you from using a different medium of exchange which is why I don't believe a deflationary currency will ever develop past being a speculative asset. It's why even though BTC is meant to be a currency, the number 1 thing its traded for is dollars.
In practice deflationary currencies are abandoned via greshams law. Its why gold coins are no longer currency but copper and iron are still being used for over 2,000 years. If a currency gets so scarce that it becomes more valuable as an asset than as currency it just ceases to be used as currency.
The problem for bitcoin is that unlike gold it doesn't have any other underlying uses than currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:19:00
This is an inevitable consequence of people unquestioningly supporting deflationist monetary policy.
Even Austrian school economists like Hayek agreed that deflation was a bad thing. Their ideal was 0% inflation or deflation, that the supply of money would scale perfectly with demand, and so neither encourage hoarding or over-spending.
Even if you thought slight deflation was a positive thing, the level of deflation hard-coded into coins like bitcoin is ridiculous and guarantees speculative bubbles. The supply is completely unresponsive to demand. You can have a 10,000% increase in demand and supply will keep halving every 210,000 blocks no matter what.
It's baffling that people accept "well just keep using smaller increments of bitcoin then" as a viable solution. Using smaller and smaller increments of money isn't a solution to hyper-deflation anymore than using bigger and bigger increments of money is a solution to hyper-inflation.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:14:29


if you weren't saying that inflation caused overspending then then why did you reply to a post about hyper-deflation by talking about overspending that led to the financial crash which we both agree was not caused by inflation but by debt.
I agree that it was a bad thing to allow such cheap credit to people who are relying on a speculative bubble to pay back their debts. These problems are not caused by inflation as evidenced by the countries that had inflation but didn't have these problems. 
China had plenty of inflation around the time of the financial crash, but it had no financial crash because it wasn't allowing its central bank to funnel huge amounts of debt into a speculative bubble, and then allowing its financial service industry to overleverage on gambling on that debt.
You still haven't explained how having less bitcoin somehow generates wealth just because it increases the individual price of bitcoins.


Propping up the economy is a good thing. Austrian theory that allowing the economy to collapse is a positive "correction" was followed during the financial crash in the late 1920s, and it caused the Great Depression because the economy couldn't operate properly without a functional banking and money system.
A "correction" that leads to less wealth being generated means it takes more time to rebuild what was lost. 
Propping up the economy or not would not cause or fix the underlying conditions that caused the housing bubble. The problem with the current economy is that they have not fixed the underlying problems that caused the crash in the first place.
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:01:07


Euros are currency in most of Europe, which is why you don't have to sell euros in europe to buy stuff with them, which is what makes them currency, they can be directly traded for goods and services. 
If you couldn't spend euros anywhere and all you could exchange them for is dollars, then yes they wouldn't be a medium of exchange, because you couldn't exchange anything with them without a currency, they'd just be an asset. A medium of exchange is what you use to exchange things that can't directly be exchanged. If you can't directly exchange it then its not the medium, its what is being exchanged.
An international business converting national currencies to a reserve currency doesn't stop it being a currency. But you're right, not every currency is accepted everywhere, you can't buy something from America with euros, unless someone has a bank account that can accept euros, which is why you need a 3rd party to exchange euros for dollars when buying from america. That doesn't mean euros are accepted as currency in america, even if the exchange is hidden from you.
 
Bitcoin does actually see use as a currency, but only really on blackmarkets. Just like cigarettes in prison blackmarkets, where regular currency can't be used. It doesn't mean you can use cigarettes as currency on the outside even if you get someone to immediately give you cash for cigarettes and you immediately use that cash to buy something else.


It's not "money like" if it can only be bought and sold for currency, its just an asset.


you're still pretending there's no 2nd exchange going on here just because it happens quickly and is done by someone else. 
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:21:17
Price is set by supply and demand.
If you have a million people all hoarding an asset, then there's much less supply than if those million people all try to start trading it.
this is the essence of a speculative bubble. the price keeps going up, so everyone wants to buy it, no one wants to sell it, which decreases supply and increases demand which makes the price go up even further.
you're assuming people will want to trade it in addition to wanting to speculate on it, but they're mutually exclusive. You can't both HODL bitcoin and spend it. any bitcoin you spend is bitcoin you didn't hodl
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:57:39


Just like in the great depression where they had 35% deflation and everyone got 35% richer?
you're still thinking of bitcoin like an asset, so the more you have the richer you are. That's an individual way of looking at it.
currency doesn't work like that. If you double the amount of dollars in the country, is everyone twice as rich and can buy twice as much? No, because then evil inflation would mean each dollar buys less.
Okay then, lets deflate instead. lets halve the amount of dollars in the world, the value of the dollar would double! Does that mean everyone in the US could now buy twice as much stuff? No, because there are half as many dollars.
Currency is just a token for wealth. If you double or halve the amount of tokens you haven't doubled or halved the amount of wealth just because the value of the token doubles or halves. It's only a medium of exchange, it has no intrinsic value.
1000% deflation would mean every single loan in the nation would increase 1000% in value and monthly repayments. Everyone with a mortgage would default. Every industry that relied on debt (which is all of them) would crash. Millions of people would lose their job and become homeless.
No one would buy anything but the bare essentials for survival because they could buy twice as much if they just waited a couple of months. So demand for goods and services plummet, so companies go out of business, so people lose their job, so people no longer get paid money to buy stuff, so even more companies go out of business.
Hyper-deflation is just as devastating for an economy as hyper-inflation.


I was being sarcastic, I hoped it was obvious that it can't go up 1000% a year forever. I was pointing out how bitcoins growth is unsustainable and destined to crash because its fueled by speculation and artificial scarcity.
@_date: 2019-07-08 12:51:53


Venezuela has a population of 31 million people.
What percentage of the population are paying each other for goods and services with BTC?
Also the average wage in Venezuela is less than $10 a month. How do they afford to pay each other in bitcoin when one transaction can cost multiple days wages?
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:00:12
You're confusing inflation rate for the supply rate. 
Inflation and deflation are relative to the amount of money relative to the amount of tradeable wealth in that currency. It's not just the amount of money. It's amount of money / amount of stuff traded with money.
You can increase the supply of money and still have deflation if the demand for money (in the form of tradeable goods and services) outpaces the supply.
You can also decrease the supply of money and still have inflation if the amount of wealth decreases faster.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:14:12
Going from $15,000 to $1,000,000 is only a 66x increase, compared to going from $0.30 to $15,000 which is a 50,000x increase.
"you could still be a bitcoin millionaire!" is massively downplaying the fact that the risk reward ratio has shifted by orders of magnitude.
It's impossible for bitcoin to see the same level of rise it already has, and its potential to drop in value is far higher than before.
You're risking far more putting $50,000 in bitcoin now than putting in $500 6 years ago, and you stand to gain a lot less.
@_date: 2019-07-11 22:11:19
This circular "its valuable because its a store of value" idea (which basically comes down to "because its rare") needs to end.
Platinum is 3x rarer than gold but gold is worth more because there's huge demand for gold jewelry. if people stopped buying gold jewelry platinum would be more valuable than gold.
there has to be underlying demand for something to be a store of value. if the demand is just from speculators then its not a SOV its a speculative bubble.
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:29:46


It's a payment processor. Payment processors are regulated. Regulations specifically mention things like "e-money" to close the loophole you think Lightning can exploit. Just because a payment processor isn't processing fiat doesn't mean it can bypass regulations. It doesn't matter if you call it "peer to peer", if you have an individual or group processing millions of transactions the government will expect it to conform to regulations or they'll shut it down.
Sending bitcoin to someone isn't regulated the same way sending cash in the mail to someone isn't regulated. It doesn't mean you can start a cash-by-mail payment processor without abiding by regulations by saying its peer to peer and you're just a hub for p2p transactions so you're not actually processing any payments.


There's a difference between an asset and a payment processor. The regulations that apply to gold are not the same as the regulations that apply to payment processors of gold currency. Every gold processor that tried to avoid regulations got shut down.


That's not what trustless means. You're still thinking seizing bitcoin means somehow you have to intercept transactions mid-flight or break the underlying blockchain security.
Thousands of bitcoins have already been seized because they were obtained illegally. Bitcoin can be seized if you can't prove you got them legally. It's called civil forfeiture, it doesn't just apply to currency it applies to assets as well.
Bitcoin is no more hidable than cash is, in fact its harder to hide than cash because the blockchain keeps a perfect record of on-chain transactions and the government can do traffic analysis to see where coins are moving around, meaning they can easily detect a hub that is processing large amounts of bitcoin.
Unless Amazon engage in large scale tax evasion they can't hide the fact they're accepting a Lightning channel as payment. If they accept an illegal payment service anything they receive through it is liable to seizure.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:23:48
I'm just repeating things I've heard on this sub, I don't actually believe them.
I'm assuming you've seen the same sorts of things about bitcoin being freedom from the tyranny of government and an end to central banks and wall street.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:41:33
frangibility is not the same thing as supply.
I'm shocked at how popular this meme is around here.
No matter how many times you divide 1, adding up all those divisions will never get you more than 1.
If one person owned 20,999,999 bitcoins and I owned 1, I couldn't somehow increase the relative value of my bitcoin by dividing it.
Frangibility hasn't been a problem since we went digital. On a computer you can have infinite divisions of any currency. you could have 0.00000000000000000000000000001 dollars, or gold pieces, or anything, even beyond the point where something can be physically divided. We could have a gold standard based on a single gold atom, and issue coins representing 1 billionth of an atom even though its physically impossible to divide an atom that many times.
Deflation is a problem because it transfers wealth to currency holders which rewards hoarding currency and discourages trade, and the only way currency generates wealth is by facilitating trade. You don't fix that with frangibility.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:23:34


If you bought in when bitcoin hit $1,100 for the first time it took nearly 4 years before it hit $1,100 again.
So you would have saw absolutely no growth in your investment, and if for some reason you needed to sell during the year when it was down to mid $200s, you would have lost 75% of your investment.
Lots of people will have bought in near that peak but you wouldn't hear from them because gamblers don't brag about their losses.
@_date: 2017-12-03 19:26:11
How could the rate of supply decreasing to absolute 0 cause the price to stabilize?
Supply needs to increase to meet demand in order for prices to stabilize. Supply decreasing whilst demand increasing will cause the exact opposite to happen.
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:34:19


I shouldn't need to bring up any of the 100 examples of this not mattering, especially in a fast paced industry like tech.
Anyone can think of at least 5 tech entities that were both first to market and market leader that are now either a minority or dead.
Bitcoins market share dropped from over 80% to just over 40% this year. there are techs that had a much bigger market share than that, for far longer, and they still got replaced. Name and market dominance is not enough to save you, especially if that's what you're relying on to save you.
The only thing bitcoin currently has to offer besides "we're the biggest" is "you might make lots of money!", which is an offer that gets worse as the chances of making huge fortunes goes down and the chances of losing huge fortunes goes up.
"bitcoin might be the currency of the future if X protocol change happens and Y secondary solution is implemented" isn't a value proposition anyone gives a fuck about. Alta Vista might have stayed the number 1 search engine if they made the right changes quick enough, Netscape Navigator might have stayed the number 1 web browser, Nokia might have stayed the number 1 phone company, but they didn't so no one gives a shit.
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:30:12
Like I said, if your answer is that you don't have to keep money in an exchange, well you don't have to keep it in a bank either. Banks are far more secure than exchanges, and exchanges are the only easy way of buying and selling bitcoin at the moment. "bitcoins are more secure than banks" isn't an equivalent argument. You don't need a bank to use cash. You *do* need an exchange if you want to easily buy and sell bitcoin.
If you keep your bitcoin buried in your backyard then its not any safer than just keeping gold buried in your backyard. Except you can't forget the password to gold and make it unusable. If you keep your bitcoin on an internet connected computer then it can be hacked.
 There's no way of getting stolen bitcoin back, unlike with central banking where its fairly easy to get your money back if someone steals your card details.
Regular banking is already more than secure so its not really an "advantage" that matters. What about the other points I brought up?
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:45:49
This post just hit 1500 upvotes! TO MOON THE MY HODLERS! DON'T LET THOSE FUDers SCARCE YOU INTO PANIC DOWNVOTING!
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:27:28
At least you made some profit for the guys who bought in earlier. Keep HODLing friend
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:36:14
You can sit at a roulette wheel all day and think to yourself "damn I should have bet the house on 32 Red, I'd be a millionaire now"
Or you can think that you didn't actually know what was going to happen so its stupid to beat yourself up for not taking a risk you had no idea would pay off.
When Bitcoin hit $1200 for the first time it later dropped down to the mid 200s for nearly an entire year. If at some point you needed to spend those bitcoins you would have lost over 80% of what you put in.
you don't hear the stories of people who lost huge amounts of money on bitcoin because people don't tend to brag about their failures.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:19:40


you could also have ended up losing 90% of what you put in. You just said nobody can predict the future. I'm assuming all the people who bought in bitcoin when it hit $1200 didn't predict it would take nearly 4 years to hit that price again, and that if they waited a year they could buy 4x as many bitcoins as they did for the same money.


This is terrible investing advice, you could apply it to literally anything.
You could have said it about gold in 2010. What if gold goes up 10x in the next few months!? Well yeah what if drops significantly and takes decades to recover. Then its not a good idea.
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:00:39


When it demonstrates underlying value/demand.
The vast majority of demand for bitcoin is coming from speculators who believe it will be worth more in future, so buy today, which makes it worth more in future.
Bitcoin is unquestionably a less functional currency today than it was a year ago, so there's no question of whether this demand is coming from actual utility or from anticipated gains.
People can rationalize this away by saying things like "lightning will fix everything" and "its not meant to be a currency, its a store of value", but it doesn't change the fact that people are buying based on what they think bitcoin will be worth in the future rather than what they think it will be worth today.
This is why it can be described as a bubble, because if it never becomes worth what people think it will be worth then there will be a *drastic* re-alignment from what its worth when people think it will be worth far more in the future, to what its worth when people think its only as valuable as it is today.
There's been such rapid gains in price, that there's still lots of people who anticipate futher gains despite short term set backs. When people see 1000% gains in a year, that puts peoples risk tolerance up a lot, so they're willing to ignore dire indicators like bitcoins market share halving in a year, or losing 30% of its value in a day even when its supposed to be "stabilizing" as the market cap gets bigger.
This is all dependent on having more people who think bitcoin will be worth more in future than people who think it will be worth less. If only 20% of people lose confidence and sell, this might cause a short term dip but its not enough to deflate the bubble. As more and more speculators get involved, the total supply of potential speculators gets less and less, and then eventually you can hit a crash where more speculators leave than can be replaced be newcomers. We're probably not at that point yet but we're not far off.
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:32:43


If this demand was in addition to the existent demand for speculation, then yes, additional demand would only increase the price.
However as I said, you can't use a bitcoin as a currency whilst still holding onto it and not spending it. They're mutually exclusive. In order to have a situation where demand from speculators stays constant in addition to a significant increase in demand for use as currency, you have to assume a situation where the vast majority of bitcoins are still held by speculators, but for some reason millions of new people come in not to speculate but use bitcoin as a currency even when most bitcoins are still being held for speculative gains.
There's no reason these new people would somehow be immune from the incentive to speculate. The same reason current bitcoin hodlers would rather hold a bitcoin than spend it is the same reason newcomers will also rather hold it than spend it. And the same reason newcomers would decide to use bitcoin as a currency rather than speculate on it is the same reason current speculators would decide to stop speculating and start spending. The only way you could see lots of people start using bitcoin as a currency is if the incentive to use as currency becomes greater than the incentive to speculate, at which point millions of people who were previously holding bitcoin out of supply will now start trying to use it, which will start flooding the market with supply.
Someone who both accepts bitcoin and spends it is going to contribute more supply than someone who only buys up bitcoins and never spends them.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:30:03


Have a look at top posts on here from the last couple of months, see how many posts are about "oh no this rate of growth is clearly unsustainable and will lead to a crash which will damage confidence in bitcoins stability", and how many are about "OMG OVA 19000!!! TO THE MOOOOOOOOON! NEXT STOP 20000000000!"
Any mention of it being a bubble was jumped on with the usual "People have been saying its a bubble for years and they're always wrong, you fiat/altcoin shill!"
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:33:40




Platinum is far scarcer than gold, and about as durable (slightly more or less reactive than gold depending on the environment). Why isn't it worth more than gold?


It creates something identical to bitcoin in every way, it can also be used to create something better than bitcoin.
If your only argument for why bitcoin is going to last is because it was first, then bitcoin is going the way of myspace and netscape navigator.
@_date: 2019-07-02 13:00:01
I agree, having 50% of bitcoins stay dormant for over a year contributes more to the network than regularly trading them back and forth ever could.
If only 100% of bitcoins could remain dormant for years at a time, then the network value would really start to sky rocket
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:45:33
yeah you should sell
sell your dads heart medication to *buy more bitcoin* that is
bitcoins growth is PARABOLIC. do you even understand what that means? it means GUARANTEED
when bitcoin hits $1,000,000 you'll be able to buy your dad a new heart anyway, tell him to chill the fuck out and hodl until the EMTs get there, that tingling in his left arm is probably because of all the FUD from shitcoiners anyway. you're trying to secure this families financial future, you're not going to slave away in the rat race like he did and go nowhere, you're going to the fucking MOON
@_date: 2017-12-08 13:19:54
200k is just the beginning!!!! People who sell at 200k are going to be full of regret once BTC hits 1000k! TO THE MOON MY HODLERS!!!!
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:38:50


Phone lines are still being used and they're 100+ years old. Letters and stamps still exist and they're hundreds of years old. That's basic infrastructure level shit. 
No email client that was dominant 20 years ago is still dominant today. Tech moves too fast.


Bitcoin could be surpassed by a coin that kept average transaction fees under a dollar at peak times, could handle more than 10 transactions a second and had an average peak time transfer time measured in minutes instead of hours. The bar really isn't that high. yes i know lightning is going to solve everything.


Why would you think google is here to stay? It's only been around 19 years.
Microsoft had a much longer reign of terror but its obvious that they're on their way out, they're just so big it will take a long time for them to die.
Google will fall prey to exactly the same thing that kills all tech giants, once they reach a certain size their inertia becomes too great to quickly adapt to new innovations.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:21:13
I'm trying my best to stick to one point at a time to avoid moving from point to point without settling anything.  I don't see the point in addressing 20 points in one post if we can't find common ground on one of the most simple points which is whether I'm lying or not.
We still have not resolved the very first point you accused me of lying about. Accusation of lying is so fundamental to the good faith required to have an honest discussion that I don't think there's any point in moving on to the other thing you accused me of lying about.
I presented the evidence that I believe shows that I'm not lying with a brief description of why I think it shows I'm not lying. 
I also don't appreciate the condescension that you are interested in a mature and sincere dialogue and I am not, when I have not accused you of bad faith or lying, I have not called you pathetic or an idiot, I have not dedicated paragraphs to how I am right and you are wrong, because that doesn't add anything to the discussion, its obvious we both think ourselves are right if we disagree, it doesn't need to be said.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:56:07


Satoshi Nakamoto, and a bunch of people who bought up thousands of bitcoins when they were $0.06 a piece convincing people to now pay $1000 for a fraction of one.
A guy who paid $10 for 500 bitcoins 8 years ago has nothing to lose by telling you all to KEEP HODLING, and to BUY LOW, BUY HIGH, and that whatever price bitcoin is now will seem trivial to what it will be worth years from now so don't worry if you lose money in the short term.
The majority of bitcoins are owned by a small minority of bitcoin holders.
Putting an artificial limit on supply guarantees pyramid scheme levels of return. Everyone has to keep paying 10x more than the last guy in order to keep it going.
There is no reason supply should be exponentially decreasing while demand is increasing except to profit those who already bought in.
@_date: 2017-12-28 11:55:07
And if on another coin it costs $1 to open and close a channel, but you've made 2000 transactions, its only $0.0005 a transaction.
Lightning doesn't change the relative costs between coins. If it makes bitcoin 100x cheaper it also makes other coins 100x cheaper.
If its intended for microtransactions then the initial cost to open a channel is still a significant barrier to adoption even if it gets amortized over time. People are focused on short term benefits more than long term. People don't like to spend a lot of money on upfront costs even if it saves them money in the long run. It's a lot cheaper to buy a years supply of toothpaste than to buy one tube at a time, but people prefer to pay less in the short term even if it means paying more in the long term.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:02:02


Everyone in the world is a potential adopter.
5% of 7.6 billion is 380 million.
Even if its just the US population its still high at 15 million. It's impossible to get precise numbers on how many people have bitcoin but estimates I've seen put it around 5-15 million.
So either everyone who owns bitcoin is in the US or the chart is bullshit. I'll go with bullshit because there's no soruce.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:04:59


Because the demand for bitcoin is outpacing supply. It doesn't matter whether the demand outpaces supply because supply drops or because demand increases. It's all deflation caused by not having sufficient supply of money to meet demand.
too much money for demand leads to inflation
not enough money for demand leads to deflation
relative supply and demand is what matters. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:35:02
Yeah, its like saying "if betting on roulette is such a bad idea, why don't you bet that this guy will lose his next spin"
Just because you can predict that someone will lose money playing roulette over the long term, doesn't mean you can predict what the next number will come up.
If you have infinite money then over the long term you could profit but in the short term you could easily lose all your money.
If you bet against 32-red coming up and it comes up you just lost a fuck ton of money. It's as unpredictable betting against roulette as it is betting on it. The only way the house wins is because they cream a % off the top with the 0 so over the long term they win no matter what (which is the equivalent of people profiting off stock broker commissions or bitcoin exchange fees, regardless of what the market does they're going to profit)
@_date: 2019-07-02 18:41:24
The strongest hands never let go.
Bitcoin needs people who are in for the long haul, not weak hands who are looking to cash out into fiat at the first sign of trouble.
Plot the rate of dormancy against the price of bitcoin and you will see a clear correlation between the value of bitcoin and how little it moves. the less bitcoin moves the more valuable it becomes, unlike worthless hyperinflated government fiat which moves several times a day and becomes worth less each time.
@_date: 2017-12-24 18:30:47
Which is why you need supply to meet demand to have a stable price.
There's no mechanism for bitcoin to adjust supply to meet demand.
If demand doubles or halves overnight the supply rate per block won't change.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:08:23
So you preferred to put your money into your business, rather than bitcoin, because you wanted the security of a stable ROI rather than a high-risk high-reward return?
Why would you then recommend your dad put his money into bitcoin at its all time high after a year of growth rates that are clearly not sustainable?
The risk now is greater than ever and the potential gains are lower than ever.
Bitcoin has gone from $0.06 to $19,000. It can't go from $19,000 to $6,000,000,000, which is the equivalent price rise.
It can go from $19,000 back down to $0.06 though. 
For someone concerned about losing all their money, and having previously invested in two fields that have both suffered from large speculative bubbles, I can't think of a worse investment option than bitcoin at the present moment.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:25:33


When bitcoin hit $1200 for the first time it lost 80% of its value for nearly a year, and it took nearly 4 years for it to hit that price again.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:34:05


I described a behavior, and then said no network technology ever exhibited that behavior, and then you said sure they did, and said the internet did, and then I asked you whether the internet exhibited the exact behavior I described and you said you never said that, and that I was straw manning.
Maybe you didn't express yourself how you wanted to, or didn't properly read what I said, but you definitely said the internet was an example of the behavior I described and then immediately said you never said that and that I was lying/strawmanning by saying you did.
Here's exact quotes of how that conversation unfolded:














This would work better if you hadn't called me pathetic and an idiot, and I had actually insulted you first or in fact used any personal attacks. And also if I had devoted several paragraphs dedicated to saying how you don't understand anything and I'm smarter than you, instead actually making points.
Also, just in case you're going to say "I didn't call you an idiot, I said you sounded like an idiot", then to avoid that pedantry you said I seem pathetic, and sound like an idiot. cuz that's totally not a personal insult if you just qualify your insults.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:03:16


This isn't true.
Trade is highly asymmetric. 
you have some people taking lots of payments and giving very little back (merchants) and other people sending lots of payments and taking very little back (customers). If someone is trying to send a payment to Amazon, they are not going to receive as many payments from amazon as they pay to amazon
None of this is relevant though, because you still need every node to be connected to every other node in order to reach everyone on the network. If you try to achieve this by everyone being connected to only 1 other user, not only does this mean you would have massive lag and difficulty balancing payments, but if any user between you and the node you were trying to access dropped offline then it would freeze payment.
you cannot get around the efficiency of centralization. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:05:04


Software developers have never over-run on such a cast iron promise.


In other words, not "within a couple months", not even within a year
@_date: 2017-12-11 20:38:42


The rate being the same doesn't mean everyone is affected equally.
If you had 10% annual deflation, that means someone who has 0 dollars left over at the end of the month after paying for rent and food, makes $0. someone with $1,000,000 gets the equivalent of $100,000 a year and would never have to work again. even if they didn't keep that money in the bank, even if they earned no interest on it, they could still take 10% of that money every year and spend it. In fact they could spend $90,000 a year, and grow their fortune at the same time.
Or lets say someone invests $1,000,000 in a business that grows 5% a year. But deflation is 10% a year, so why would they both spending money on a business if it makes less money than simply doing nothing? They could make an extra 5% a year by doing nothing.
Where is that value coming from? From the genius wealth producing innovation of keeping money buried under your mattress? It's coming from people who are generating wealth and so are increasing the demand for money to trade that wealth. It's parasitic economic behavior. You are rewarded for doing nothing and punished for actually trying to spend money to create wealth if you can't create wealth faster than deflation. Deflation itself creates no wealth, it simply concentrates wealth in the hands of those who hold money at the expense of those who hold wealth in other forms. This is how deflationary spirals happen. Once people start to realize that holding money is more profitable than trying to use money to make money, then they stop spending it, and when they stop spending it companies start to go out of business, and then people lose their jobs, and then less people are getting paid and even less people are buying anything.
You need to increase the supply of money as the supply of wealth increases to avoid this happening.


Try to spend a gold coin in a store and you'll see what's wrong with it. You can say "its still currency, just because not many people spend it doesn't mean its not", you can say "but gold goes up in value! why would you want dollars when they just depreciate!", the cashier is still going to tell you to go fuck yourself. Something being valuable doesn't make it a currency.
The difference is, gold is valuable because of massive demand for gold jewelry and natural scarcity. Bitcoin is only supposedly valuable because its useful as a currency. Except no one is using it as a currency. Even the people who think they're using it as a currency by using stuff like bitcoin aren't using it as a currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:12:59
4 years ago it was also at 1000USD
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:39:34
That is not how debit cards work.
You don't need to commit any money to make transfers on the network. You could have 0 dollars or negative dollars and still be able to use the network.
You seem to be confusing the concept of an account balance with the concept of needing to commit funds in order to open channels on a decentralized network (which means either you need funds in lots of different channels, or else to highly centralize the network so that one channel connects directly to everyone you want to trade with, or else deal with the connectivity problems of having to go through lots of nodes to transfer to the person you want to)
Debit cards operate on a centralized interchange, they don't require precommitment of funds to open channels, there is no equivalent of peer to peer "channels", its a centralized network.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:21:32


You actually need to show an example of this to dispute my point, not just say "sure they did".


"its different so you can't compare them" is not an argument.
Are you one of the people who says the Metcalfes law is predictive of bitcoins value? Because that was a formula designed to predict the value of telecoms networks like fax machines and phones. So apparently some of you do think you can compare the growth of bitcoin to the growth of fax machines.
@_date: 2017-12-27 13:56:01
Bitcoin debit cards aren't transferring bitcoin they're transferring fiat.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:25:49
So the more deflationary something is the more valuable it will be?
Or is there some limit where it becomes too deflationary to be valuable?
What is that limit, how was bitcoins deflation rate calculated to be optimal to that limit?
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:34:20


So again, how does lightning fix scaling problems with bitcoin if it will lead to more transactions when it already struggles to handle the current level of transactions?
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:53:32
It should be clear from context I'm talking about speculating on its long term value, as is done with "HODLing" bitcoin. No one buys dollars thinking they're going to be worth more in 5 years. 
Daytrading currency is profiting from the trade of currency not the long term value. It's not speculating on what you think the currency will be worth 5 years from now, its helping balance supply and demand for various currencies.
"HODLing" is not day trading. "HODLing" discourages the trade of currency for anything, even other currencies.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:17:46
Everyone who owns bitcoin is a "shareholder", especially the 1,000 people who own 20% of bitcoins.
Their interest is to see bitcoins price go as high as possible, not to see bitcoin become a functional currency.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:37:51


If you couldn't predict what would happen in the next 6 months, why do you think you can predict what will happen in the next 6 years?
Bitcoin has lost half its market share in the last year. It could easily lose it all, especially if it continues to rely on speculators, promising everything will be fixed in the future and being market leader rather than actually fixing its protocol.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:54:23


Bitcoins market share has halved in the last year.
Why are people so convinced that bitcoin will ALWAYS become more valuable when tech is a incredibly competitive industry and there are over 1000 competitors to bitcoin based on the same open-source code.
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:41:27
Priority on the blockchain is given to those who pay the highest fees.
Someone who trades $1,000,000 of bitcoin can afford to pay a 0.1% fee and still jump the line ahead of someone trying to transfer $1,000 who pays 10% fees.
When there are big movements in price, either up or down, the richest always get the first move. That's not equal terms.
If there is a big rise or fall in the value of bitcoin, everyone with lots of money to play with can get their trades in first.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:29:10
If the price goes up, that's a sign that bitcoin is becoming worth more and more so buy.
If the price goes down, its weak hands and FUD from shitcoin shills, so buy the dip.
There is LITERALLY never a wrong time to buy bitcoin. So called "economists" and financial "experts" would try to tell you this is nonsense but they don't understand that bitcoin is revolutionary new technology. they didn't even predict the financial crash, how could they predict what will happen to bitcoin?  they are fiat dinosaurs trying to understand the crypto-meteor that is going to make them extinct. they just look up at the sky with their puny reptile brains failing to comprehend their own impending irrelevance.


Double? When bitcoin hits $1,000,000 a coin are you going to tell your family that the reason you can't afford to buy them their own private island is because you gave into FUD and only doubled down your hodlings? You should be QUADRUPLING down. Every last available cent should be going into bitcoin. Bitcoin will never be this cheap again in the long term.
@_date: 2017-12-24 18:26:45


Which is not the same thing as a currency.
I'm asking why people stopped trading gold coins when they didn't stop trading coins made from iron and copper and other metals.
"people still use gold as an asset" is not an answer to that question. 


Why is it any less feasible than paying with zinc or steel or copper or any of the other metals still used as currency after thousands of years?


The average person has to prove their ID and pay with a credit card to get bitcoin from an exchange. How is this any different?
You can buy gold in person in cash if you want, or trade it for goods and services.




Why do Coinbase and Bitpay exist then?
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:05:44


There's nothing wrong with it, its just proving that fiat is much more useful as a currency and that you can't actually get anyone to accept bitcoin, you have to get someone to sell bitcoin and then transfer fiat.
That the best way to trade bitcoin is with fiat, when bitcoin is supposed to replace fiat, should be a big warning sign about the utility of bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:00:37


Deflation is hard-coded.
supply rate arbitrarily halves every 210,000 blocks, regardless of what is happening to demand. Unless demand rate also halves every 210,000 blocks there is no way to avoid deflation.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:58:13
All this demand is coming from speculators, not people who actually use bitcoin as a currency.
Once it stops being something you can speculate on, all that demand dries up.
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:11:39


If you believe this then you've chosen a definition of "spend" and "currency" that make no distinction between a medium of exchange and something you sell for a medium of exchange.
You can sell anything and then use the money you get from spending it as currency, it doesn't mean everything in the world is currency.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:01:55
Holdings isn't the same as demand.
It clearly lists where the demand per sector comes from and jewelry is more than every other sector combined.
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:00:07
All miners combined only make about 18 million dollars a day, most of that in coin rewards not fees.
You're saying fees are going to go down in future when electricity costs go down, and the money miners make from coin reward will also drop.
If you can keep the network secure for a fraction of the current fees and coin rewards, why are we wasting millions of dollars on unnecessary security, when we could sufficient security at a fraction of the cost?
These are diametrically opposed concepts, either the current level of fees help secure the network and are necessary or else they're not necessary and its unnecessarily expensive. you can't say that mining isn't a waste of money because it helps secure the network and that also we can reduce the cost of mining and not affect the security of the network.
@_date: 2017-12-04 14:06:18


I'm going to keep hammering this point so forgive me, but I don't think its been acknowledged yet that a fixed currency can't ever stop increasing in value unless the amount of wealth in the economy also stops increasing. In fact because bitcoins are gradually lost over time and will stop being replaced, the world economy would have to shrink at the same rate that bitcoins are lost in order to avoid infinite deflation.
Demand isn't just the number of people who want a thing. It's relative to the amount of wealth competing for that thing. 
Currency is a token for wealth, the more wealth you have for each token the higher the value of each token because it now represents a greater amount of wealth. 
The quantity of currency needs to keep pace with the quantity of wealth, otherwise people realize that they can increase their share of wealth just by hoarding currency, instead of doing something productive with currency. 
The only way currency generates wealth is by facilitating trade. Currency shortage creates a perverse incentive where its more profitable to hoard currency (which creates no wealth) instead of using it to generate wealth via trade. In the short term currency hoarders might profit but everyone ends up worse off overall because there's less wealth being produced. Owning a bigger slice of a smaller pie only makes you relatively richer, not absolutely.
@_date: 2017-12-09 14:09:57


This comment chain is about whether bitcoin is in a speculative bubble or not. Things can be subjectively valued because they're in a speculative bubble so "value is subjective" is completely irrelevant to the point. The whole discussion is about *why* its valued, not whether it is or not.
"value is subjective" is a truism. The entire field of economics is dedicated to studying what people subjectively value. There's a difference between something that is subjectively valued for many different economic uses and natural scarcity and something that is valued primarily because its artificially scarce and rapidly rising in price.
It's ironic that you complain about standard lines, because "value is subjective" and "nothing has intrinsic value" are both very common lines to try and dismiss any discussion of what makes bitcoin valuable/whether its in a speculative bubble.
You should be either welcoming the chance to correct what you believe are faulty ideas about bitcoin, or ignoring me if you don't believe its possible to correct me. Just dismissing me and saying I don't know what I'm talking about isn't persuasive, its a waste of time, because I've heard a much better quality of argument on these points before.




Which is why I said its value came from speculation, not utility. you just said it didn't need to have utility to be valuable so you should have no problem with me saying bitcoins value is coming from speculation not utility.


Who said anything about loathing? I'm criticizing what I think are faulty ideas, I didn't attack anyone.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:30:01


owning multiple coins holds less financial risk than putting all your eggs in one basket.
if you're just using bitcoin as a speculative asset, which is what you're talking about if you're talking about speculating on it like gold, then there is nothing stopping you from speculating on multiple things at once, or to cash out and invest in something else.
many people own multiple coins at once. there's nothing stopping them from selling any one of those coins if it starts to crash.


No its not. There's 165,000 tons of gold that have been mined, less than half of that is in vaults. Most of it is in jewelry.
you seem adamant not to want to acknowledge when you're wrong about something though so I guess there's no point continuing the conversation.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:59:48
How many competitors to CDs were there?
DVDs? Minidisk? Tape?
How many competitors to Bitcoin are there?
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:33:55


You've correctly deduced that bitcoin needs to scale with demand in order for it to be functional. Which is exactly why arbitrary supply schedules are a bad thing for a currency. 
When only a few hundred people in the world were using bitcoin, more bitcoin were being produced every day than today when millions of people are trying to use it. That inevitably leads to price rises as supply goes down as demand goes up.
Currency is means of exchange, each unit of currency represents a certain amount of wealth.
If you want the value of a currency to remain stable then the amount of currency needs to scale with the amount of wealth it represents. 
your example assumes that the number of bitcoins is static from day one, which it wasn't. At the start they were producing far too many bitcoins for the number of people who wanted them (which is why the price stayed so low for so long), and now they're producing far too few bitcoins for the number of people who want them (which is why prices are skyrocketing).
Having a finite cap on currency makes no sense unless you also put a finite cap on the amount of wealth in the world. 


There wasn't anything in the white paper about bitcoin never being intended to be a peer to peer currency and that it would be a "store of value" or a "settlement layer", but apparently whether something was in the white paper or not doesn't matter. Whether something Satoshi said is either a vital necessity for bitcoin to work, or else something he obviously intended to change and be replaced seems to depend on how well it furthers the desires of speculators.
@_date: 2017-12-26 20:03:25
I mean you can google payment processing regulations if you don't believe me, "e-money" is included among the regulations, of which bitcoin would definitely count as.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:41:49
To diversify risk?
Bitcoin lost half its market share in the last year.
Do you think keeping all of your wealth in one highly volatile asset is smart financial planning?
@_date: 2017-12-19 17:50:39


I was specifically saying 1000% returns aren't sustainable. I was using the S&amp;P as an example of what the best rates of returns look like on a sustainable investment.
you're arguing against something I'm not saying so this is pointless.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:27:27


And 1 USD is still 1 USD.
If its not BTC that has increased in value, but USD that has lost 75% of its value in the last 6 months, then why does my dollar still buy roughly the same amount of stuff as it did 6 months ago? Has everything else in the world apart from Bitcoin reduced in value by the same amount? Or is it Bitcoin that has quadrupled in value instead of everything else in the world reducing in value.
Honestly I don't know how these ideas that take 5 seconds of thinking to disprove become so widely accepted in the Bitcoin community.
There is a meaningful and demonstrable difference between one thing quadrupling in value and another thing losing 75% of its value.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:46:57


There's a lot of things Satoshi never accounted for.
People need to stop treating him like some kind of prophet and his whitepaper as a stone tablet dictated by god.
Bitcoin was a software release that has seen very little revision in nearly 10 years.
I'm astounded that people who consider themselves tech geniuses for knowing about bitcoin also think software can be written in such a way that 1 man can predict and account for every possible problem 10 years away.
Handicap of the headstart is a real thing, and the huge vested interests in bitcoin give it a huge inertia and make it very resistant to any changes that might threaten those vested interests.
Other coins are going to be able to innovate much faster and solve these kinds of problems long before bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:17:30
You didn't answer a single point, you just condescended about how I don't understand how revolutionary bitcoin is and how I need to learn more which is a really common tactic for dismissing challenges to bitcoin that I've seen many times before.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:57:46


This also means that there's no way of increasing the supply of bitcoin to meet demand for currency.
It's funny how people seem to think the less you have of a currency the more valuable it is, but then fail to take this thought through to its logical conclusion.


If inflation is such a flaw for a currency, ask yourself why gold coins (which are incredibly deflationary, although nowhere near as much as bitcoin) have been abandoned as currency in every country on earth, while iron and copper based coins are still going strong after 2000 years.
Every argument about people preferring deflationary currency because its a "store of value" applies to gold coins, none of it makes gold coins usable as currency because no one wants to spend them because they keep going up in value and don't keep a steady value so even if people wanted to spend them, people would never be sure exactly how much one was worth.
Gold supply has increased for centuries but not fast enough to stop it from being abandoned as a currency. The idea that a currency could have a totally fixed quantity and not become hyperdeflationary is ridiculous. Bitcoin supply is as high as it will ever be, yet is set to halve in a few years at the same time demand is meant to be growing.
Supply of currency needs to match demand for currency. Frangibility is not the same thing as supply.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:14:54
My fault, I incorrectly said monetary inflation when I meant monetarist inflation.
I was trying to distinguish from the keynsian definition of inflation which counts all price changes rather than just the ones that are a result of monetary inflation/deflation. You can still have price rises in an economy due to underlying factors of supply and demand even when money supply is meeting demand, so its important to distinguish between price rises as a result of underlying factors of production and price rises as a result of increasing the supply of money.
I think my other points are solid.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:12:31


It still can't use less energy than centralized interchange per transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:44:17
Currency is not wealth itself. Currency is a token for wealth.
Wealth doesn't decrease in value just because currency does.
If you own some steel, that steel is worth the same in dollars as it is in bitcoin, regardless of what dollars and bitcoin are worth. If dollars or bitcoin become worthless then the steel is still worth whatever the equivalent medium of exchange was.
When you trade steel for dollars, its not the dollars you want, but the equivalent in steel of other goods and services that can be bought with dollars. You can't always find someone who will trade steel for whatever you want so you trade a medium of exchange instead.
It is a risk to put all your wealth into any currency, especially cryptocurrency that is incredibly volatile, hyper-deflationary and doesn't actually work properly as a currency and is based on the hope that in the future it will work and by that point no other currency will have surpassed it.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:34:28
If your father was looking to gamble on a high risk asset, why would he need years of convincing and then decide to get in at the all time high? 
Sorry to be skeptical but whenever there is a big boom in bitcoin price you seem to get a rash of unverifiable stories like this from suspiciously new accounts that seem to exist solely to increase FOMO and encourage people to buy in.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:57:25
What percentage of Chinese people do you think are using bitcoin on a daily basis?
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:50:25
What can I currently buy with 1 BTC without exchanging it for currency first?
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:13:30
100m x 17m is still several times more than all the wealth on earth... so.... there's that
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:00:30


Surely that applies to increases in price then, not just decreases?
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:03:23
Money is just a token for wealth.
You don't need a deflationary currency to save money because you can just use inflationary money to buy deflationary forms of wealth. What's the point of having a currency that rewards you for not spending it? That's just an asset, and there are already plenty of assets that do exactly the same thing, but they have other uses.
Those assets are forms of wealth and buying them can help generate wealth (i.e. if you buy gold, gold miners get money they can use to mine more gold). Once all 21,000,000 bitcoins are mined, buying a bitcoin won't generate any wealth (because its not wealth), it just transfers it.
Currency only generates wealth by facilitating trading. Too much inflation might push trading past an optimal point, but any amount of deflation necessarily rewards economic inactivity.
The arguments about discouraging savings only applies to actual use of money. Savings only produce value when banks use savings to loan money to people to do productive things. "savings" in terms of just burying money in your yard and hoping it increases in value only works by zero-sum transfers from other people. It's not something that should be rewarded.
In fact its much better if you use money to invest in wealth generation rather than just bury your money under a mattress and then reduce the relative money supply to increase the relative value of your money.
I can see an argument for having a 0% inflationary currency (although it would be hard to constantly adjust supply to meet demand without having a central authority), but deflation of a currency just means rewarding people who already have currency at the expense of those who don't.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:31:34
I was being sarcastic. There is nothing stopping bitcoin from being replaced by another coin.
It has nowhere near the lead or network effects that things like Myspace, Napster, Yahoo, Netscape navigator had on its competition, and all those lost out to competitors.
Facebook beat Myspace by just being slightly better than Myspace. The room for improvement ahead of Bitcoin is massive and they've had years to close the distance.
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:51:20


Market cap for bitcoin is 300 billion dollars.
The market cap of the S&amp;P500 is 22.6 trillion dollars. And thats just the top 500 companies in the NYSE and NASDAQ. Total equities market in the US is 66 trillion dollars.
300 billion divided across the entire world economy is nothing. There would be no financial crisis.  


Why would dollars lose 90% of their value?
The market cap of dollars is higher than ever before. An individual dollar is worth less but people have more dollars than before. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:25:25


that doesn't seem to stop people saying "bitcoin is a store of value like gold, its digital gold!" every 5 minutes.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:19:51
It can, any cryptocurrency could, and most likely one will. Hence the sarcasm.
I was making fun of the attitude some people have that bitcoin is DEFINITELY going to be worth a $1,000,000+ a coin because there's no way its ever not going to become the dominant currency on planet earth.
The chance of the very first cryptocurrency remaining dominant for decades is about as likely as the first social media network or first search engine to remain dominant for decades.
Bitcoin has already hit development hell, there are far too many competing interests and the process is too decentralized for them to have a streamlined development process. It's hard enough to develop software when everyone is on the same team working in the same direction. Bitcoin is struggling to get consensus on even the simplest changes to the protocol.
It's classic handicap of the headstart.
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:18:00


The difference is things like gold respond to supply and demand. Gold is never sold for less than it costs to dig out of the ground. Meaning when you buy a ton of gold this provides money for miners to mine another ton of gold. Supply is not fixed. We have more gold now than ever before.
You buying gold does not deprive other people of gold, it increases the total available amount of gold by increasing supply. Wealth is generated.
Buying up fixed assets does not increase supply, supply is fixed. [This leads to rent seeking.]( Rent seeking is parasitic behavior that either creates no wealth or actively destroys wealth. It only makes one person as rich as it makes another person poor, unlike wealth creation which can make both people richer.
A classic example of this is a river toll. A man sets up a chain across a river and charges passing trading ships for permission to pass. While it makes the toll collector rich, it makes everyone else worse off. It slows ships so trade is less efficient, traders have to spend money on the toll which they could instead be using to buy more goods and services that create wealth, the toll operator himself is wasting time and resources collecting tolls instead of using those time and resources to create wealth.
Now the toll collector could say that they spent a lot of time and money on building the chain, researching which river would be the best to collect tolls on, so its only fair that he gets some compensation. They were the first person to come up with the idea to start a river toll so its only right their risk-taking innovation be rewarded.
They could also say that trading on the river is very profitable, the fee he charges is only small compared to the money they make from trading on the river, so the traders are making money by paying the toll.
All of this ignores than the toll collector is not actually providing anything of value, and that they're only making money by withholding access to a valuable resource.
Most rent seeking isn't this obvious, and its usually mixed with some level of wealth creation to disguise it, but any time you have a fixed resource you will have rent-seeking if its legally allowed and physically possible.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:07:45


Government can seize your bitcoin (they've already seized hundreds of millions in bitcoin), so this can't be the core point either.
"not if I hide it", well you can hide gold as well. That doesn't make it any more useful. If you want to interface with legal markets you have to report your income and holdings. As you should for both practical, moral and legal reasons.
This is also straying from the "store of value" arguments. if you want an anonymous currency then there is nothing better than cash. A blockchain that keeps a perfect record of every transaction which will one day be decrypted, that requires interface with exchanges which keep records and has to ask for identification, is not.
The government is a lot more likely to try and seize something like bitcoin than gold. Gold is firmly established and regulated all over the world. Governments still hold a lot of their wealth in gold, they do not want to disrupt the gold market. Bitcoin is new and its use cases are mainly illegal, there is no underlying economy based on bitcoin that the government has to worry about disrupting. Without exchanges the current bitcoin economy would collapse and it would be trivially easy for them to shut down exchanges if they wanted to.
If you're worried about government then there are multiple other failure points that exist in bitcoin:
During times of crisis government often suspends internet use (including satellite internet). This will make bitcoin unusable.
Even if your government doesn't ban or crack down on bitcoin, a foreign government might, and due to the centralization of bitcoin mining, if China shuts down every bitcoin mine in its territory could easily cause a crisis in confidence which tanks the value of bitcoin.
Government can legally hack your computer and monitor your internet use. They have already compromised things like Tor.
If there's a societal collapse, the power grid will fail and so will the telecoms network, there'll be no way to operate the blockchain and bitcoin becomes no different to any other encrypted number. Even if we got blown back to the stone age gold would still be valuable (since gold was valuable in the stone age).
@_date: 2017-12-26 17:49:05


If this is true then you should have no problem showing me one place where the price charged in bitcoin is actually lower than USD once you account for the bitcoin fee and the fees you have to pay to rebuy bitcoin from an exchange.
Otherwise you're just wasting your money and transaction capacity of the blockchain.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:28:18


It matters if you're trying to use volume as a metric for users.
1 person making a million dollar trade is not the same as a million people making 1 dollar trades.
Millions of dead wallets with a few cents in from one someone tipped them 100 satoshi 3 years ago and haven't been touched since don't count as active users
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:53:17


It won't be a hyper-deflationary one that's for sure. Even mild deflation (3% a month) causes chaos in economies. No economy could function on a currency that had 1000%+ deflation, anymore than it could function with 1000% inflation. 


You said its simply an asset class at the moment, so it isn't based on its value as currency. its based on its value as an "asset class".
And what is that based on? 1000%+ annual deflation, which is not sustainable. It requires a constant stream of people being willing to pay 10x more for a bitcoin than the last purchaser did. You will very quickly run out of people willing to pay you 10x what you paid, and then what do you have? A hyper-deflationary currency that can handle less than 1% the transactions per second of any major credit card company, with 100x longer waiting times and 100x greater energy costs. 
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:31:07


This is the first time you've said the "either you're lying or you don't understand the point I'm making" part. you just flat out said I was lying before.
"now you're just lying"
"Please stop lying."
Sorry I'm so stupid and pathetic, when you repeatedly said I was lying I thought you were calling me a liar and not that either I'm lying or don't understand the point you're trying to make.


I specifically mentioned bitcoin was being saved in my first analogy, so its clear I wasn't trying to say no one was using it for savings. 
Currency can be saved. Things that aren't used as currency (speculative assets, like gold) can also be saved.  Saving something doesn't automatically make it a currency, using it as a currency does. That's why I specifically referred to use as currency, currency being defined as medium of exchange not just something you can save.
I'm not sure why this is such a contentious issue when one of the most common talking points is that bitcoin is not currently a currency, its a store of value and will later become a currency when lightning fixes everything and the "price discovery" phase is over. There's some people who say in fact it will never be a currency, and that other coins will be currency while bitcoin will remain an asset like gold that other currencies are pegged to.
 you've now decided that when I said "no one is using it as a currency" I really meant "no one is using it, not even for savings", even though that directly contradicts what I've just said, and doesn't make any sense. Which does in fact make me a liar, so long as you get to decide what I mean by words and ignore I was talking about a specific use.


Your entire premise for saying I'm lying was based on not understanding how the word "this" works in a sentence.
If I can't get you to agree on what the word "this" means, why would I try to move on to anything more complicated than that.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:05:48


Why do people think this guy is some kind of prohpet when this is patently false?
Even if computers get 100 times faster in 10 years it will still be cheaper to handle transactions on a centralized network than it is to do proof of work or proof of stake.
It's basic physics. 
Even if you're just talking about upfront financial cost, then interchange networks would just bring their costs down to 1% less than whatever the cheapest coin could do.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:59:14


This sounds like a reasonable statement, but I never said I don't have a choice, and it doesn't address any of the issues I brought up with bitcoin. I mean its true but its also not relevant to the questions being posed.


It's literally impossible for it to stabilize unless the world economy stops growing.
Demand for a currency isn't just the number of people who want the currency, its the amount of goods and services in the economy competing for currency. When you increase the amount of wealth without increasing the amount of currency the relative value of currency increases, i.e. deflation.
a currency that needs all economic growth to end to become functional is not a good currency.


Hoarding is a symptom of an underlying fault with the currency. That was the whole point of the gold/base metal analogy, which i believe has over 2,000 of real world evidence to back up.
 A currency that people want to hoard is one they don't want to spend. It's not a problem if gold coins cease to be a currency because gold is still valuable even if its not currency. Bitcoins entire premise is that its valuable because it can be used as currency. If its not a useful currency then its just artificially scarce numbers that only has value for as long as people believe they can speculate on it. i.e. its the speculative bubble everyone said it was.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:50:20
How widely were fax machines held before people started using them?
This is not how any technology network has evolved before. People don't just accumulate it and then when it hits a critical mass everyone starts using it.
People start using it gradually and it becomes more useful as the network grows. Bitcoin is becoming less usable as people keep speculating on it because they're not using the currency they're just increasing fees and transaction times by clogging the transaction capacity on spec trade.
You have to start using bitcoin for buying and selling goods and services in order to contribute to the network effects.
100 people using it as a currency does more good than 10,000 people who just buy it and keep it on a usb stick for decades waiting for it to go up in value.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:31:36
you could say that about anything.
1BTC being worth 1BTC is irrelveant if all I can really do with 1BTC is exchange it for another currency and then spend that instead. then it only matters how much 1btc is worth in that currency.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:50:51


It's not the same for everyone unless everyone owns exactly the same amount of money and wealth.
If I use a bitcoin to buy some steel to build a factory with, and next week week the value of bitcoin goes up 10x, then someone who waited a week to buy their steel could have either got 10x more or paid 10x less.
if I buy that steel, and the price of bitcoin goes up 10x, and then I try to sell that steel, I will get 10x less than what I paid for it.
The value of the steel hasn't changed, its the relative value of currency. In effect there is a net transfer of value from people who hold wealth to people who hold money.
With this degree of hyper-inflation, value is constantly being transferred from people who have assets to people who just have money. This can make it more profitable just to buy up money rather than to try and do anything productive with it.
It becomes unprofitable to do anything with money unless the returns from using the money are higher than the returns of keeping hold of it. There are very few investments that you can actually get 2x your return in a week. This is what happens in a deflationary spiral, where no one wants to trade because its more profitable not to.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:10:06


Only if you don't increase the supply to match the demand. If you increased supply to meet increased demand the price wouldn't go up at all. 
Supply of bitcoin is completely unresponsive to demand. The supply rate was 4x higher when there were only a few hundred people in the entire world using it. Now there are millions of people who want to trade bitcoin and the supply rate is 1/4 of what it was. In a few years it will be 1/8th of what it was. To keep pace with demand the supply rate would have had to have increased significantly. It hasn't which is why we're seeing skyrocketing prices.
Bitcoin is already at 1000%+ deflation a year. If any country was actually relying on bitcoin to function it would have collapsed already from such a ridiculously high level of deflation, and the level of deflation is a fraction of what will happen if you expect the supply rate to halve again while the demand rate doubles repeatedly in the years to come.
Thankfully no country is actually relying on bitcoin as a currency, its just a relatively low cap speculative investment.


What if it keeps going up 1000% a year forever? How could something increasing in value that fast not attract speculators? If its attracted speculators then its attracted people who bought in only to profit and will cash out the second it looks like they've made all the profit they're likely to. When those people cash out for good, the bubble will burst. Whatever you're left with will tell you the value of bitcoin without speculation. So far 95%+ of the demand seems to be coming from speculators.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:21:17


May not be?
How long do you think 1500% a year can be sustained for?
@_date: 2017-12-16 15:47:20


This is what people would do if they were interested in making as much money off bitcoin as possible and aren't interested in having a standard of living based on anything other than the bare necessities.
That doesn't mean it makes sense to spend bitcoins, anymore than saying "if you know Amazon shares are going to go up, why don't you put all your money in Amazon shares". Because people don't spend all their money on investments? That doesn't mean it somehow makes sense to try and buy things with Amazon shares.
you're ignoring that the whole reason you're buying the thing in the first place is profit on increases in value over time, not to use it as currency.
Even in your hypothetical you're still treating bitcoin as something to buy and profit off, not something to use as a currency, which is  the whole point I'm making. It makes no sense to try and spend bitcoin for the same reason it makes no sense to try and spend gold. Speculative assets are what you sell when you want money to spend.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:57:46
Bitcoin is the equivalent of a "product", cryptocurrency/blockchain is the technology.
The first cryptocurrency network being the market leader forever is about as likely as the first social media network being market leader forever.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:51:53


You think the internet grew by everyone buying up internet connected devices, and then not using them, until millions and millions of people had the internet and then when it hit some critical mass, or some upgrade happened, then everyone started using it?
The internet organically grew from a few hundred users, to a few thousand, to tens of thousands to millions.
It became more useful as the number of users grew, not less. It didn't keep growing despite becoming less and less useful until eventually someone made an upgrade that suddenly made it useful. 


So you agree Metcalfes law is a bullshit comparison for bitcoin because you can't compare fax machines to currency?
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:46:00
Cashing out at the right time means someone else cashed in at the wrong time.
It's not a bad thing for the individual but making money off a bubble means profiting off someone else's loss.
There's other ways to make money that don't involve relying on someone else losing out.
Course its also risky if you get the timing wrong. A lot of people got into the housing bubble around 2007 and lost big.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:23:38
5% of what? There's no source on that graph.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:51:40
I'm still holding onto my shares in Blockbuster. You only lose once you sell.
This 'Netflix' thing is total FUD.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:44:58


something getting more valuable doesn't mean its generating any wealth.
If you double or halved the number of bitcoins in the world you are not changing the amount of wealth in the world, you are just changing the relative value of each bitcoin. Increasing or decreasing the money supply doesn't increase or decrease the amount of wealth, it just changes what proportion of wealth is represented by each unit of currency.
If you destroyed half the bitcoins in the world it would make the remaining bitcoins more valuable, what wealth is being generated by destroying bitcoins?


That was a result of cheap credit and implicit bailout guarantees, and poor regulation of financial companies that were engaging in widespread fraud to hide the true value of their assets. There are plenty of countries with inflation that didn't have this problem because they didn't create the conditions for two giant speculative bubbles. Saying it was caused by inflation is just inaccurate.
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:30:18
Yeah its funny people dismiss how disruptive deflation is to the use of currency whilst exhibiting exactly the behaviors that make deflation terrible for a currency
"bitcoin will never become a widely used currency because its too deflationary, no one is going to want to spend it if it keeps going up in value"
"that's nonsense, just because a currency keeps going up in value doesn't mean people will refuse to spend it, people still need to buy things"
"so are you going to spend your bitcoin then"
"what are you crazy? I'm going to be a millionaire soon, HODL TO THE MOON!"
The "people still need to buy things" only works as an explanation if there's no other currency they can use.
Gold coins used to be commonly accepted currency. Supply of gold failed to keep track with demand for currency till eventually it was far more profitable to hoard gold than to use it, and people just used other metals and paper for currency.
People weren't forced to keep using gold as currency because there were less deflationary metals they could still use as coins.
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:37:54


You don't need to buy currency years in advance in order for it to be usable.
If everyone starts using bitcoin then you'll get paid in bitcoin, anything you sell you will get paid for in bitcoin, you will have no problem getting bitcoin to use for currency. If you believe that anyone who didn't buy bitcoin when less than 1% of the population was using it will struggle to be able to use it when it is a mainstream currency, I'm not sure how you think it could ever be a mainstream currency.
If you honestly believed that bitcoin would be worth the same 5 years from now as it is today, why would you bother buying any to then not use for 5 years?
The only reason to buy in advance is because you believe you can rent seek on artificial scarcity.
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:20:03
If you can trust a centralized payment processor, why not just trade a decentralized asset like gold on a centralized processor (like bitgold)?
If its the centralization of the underlying currency that concerns you, and not the payment processing, then gold mining is much more decentralized than bitcoin mining, and its underlying value is much harder to destroy. 
That would also have the benefit that there's no 51% attack for gold mines, and that if all the gold mines in the world shut down to go mine a more profitable metal, it wouldn't make gold worthless overnight.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:05:39


If the price drops below one of the leading competitors that is still rising in value, what happens to all the people who were only buying bitcoin because they expected it to go up in value?
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:44:06
It's a "store of value" not a currency, its just not a very good one.
If bitcoin gets replaced by another cryptocoin then it will be a terrible "store of value".
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:39:33


So you buy it because you think it will be worth more in the future. The act of buying it increases the demand and so increases the price since supply is limited.
That's called a speculative bubble.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:32:06
I asked how many months you thought it would take and you gave me a vague "soon" from one of the team, with you saying you "hope they take their time".
This OP says "within a couple of months", so its safe to say you don't agree otherwise you would have just said "within a couple of months".
If a developer says "soon", what they really mean is "not soon at all, at least a year off"
When its actually soon they have a release date.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:48:03


centralized payment networks aren't a bad thing, they're incredibly fast, efficient and reliable compared to decentralized networks.
Which raises the question of what the point of bitcoin is if it will work through centralized networks.
There are already centralized payment networks that use gold if "its a store of value" is the reason.
@_date: 2017-12-26 20:01:20


None of that is relevant to the point bzxzp just made. 
Do you think VISA is using more than half the worlds energy?
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:34:37


People invest because they think it will be worth more next month than this month. If it was based on long term value then people wouldn't sell it off during crashes, and they wouldn't buy more during surges.


That doesn't mean anything.
Bitcoin is only valuable if you can persuade someone to swap you something of value for it. There's nothing you can do with it by itself.
If no one uses it as currency and everyone stops speculating on it what value would it have?
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:04:03
It's not illegal to trade assets, or run a payment processor.
It is illegal to try and avoid regulations on payment processing, which is why e-gold got shut down but Bitgold didn't.
Even if the government couldn't target Lightning hubs (which they could), they could just ban anyone from dealing with them. No company would want to accept a Lightning hub channel if the government said they could seize any assets traded through that channel, because that channel was being used to facilitate illegal transactions, which any hub would if they didn't agree to abide by regulations.
Meaning the main benefit of Lightning would disappear because you would have to open a new channel for every transaction, which is not much different than just trading on blockchain.
This is the madness of thinking the solution to bitcoins problems can involve centralization without any of the problems centralization brings.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:11:59
And yet the majority of bitcoin purchases are through exchanges which are legally obligated to identify their users and report transactions to national governments.
Odd thing for anti-establishmentarians to do.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:44:42
Those services aren't transferring bitcoin (which is why you don't have to wait 6 hours or pay $10 to make a payment).
They're 3rd party services that are selling bitcoin on exchanges and then transferring fiat.
This is not decreasing the value of fiat it is in fact increasing it by adding yet another good/service that is traded in fiat.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:33:41
I think this person is referring to economic substitution.
People often compare bitcoin to gold because they're both scarce. But gold is naturally scarce. There's only so much on earth and its costly to extract so its supply is constrained, so it tends to go up in value over time, because even though we keep mining thousands of tons of gold, the number of people who want gold tends to increase faster.
there is no real economic substitute for gold. there's no threat that if someone makes a bunch of iron or aluminum, that people will stop wanting gold because people want gold and iron for different reasons.
gold is pretty unique as far as elements go, and even the metals that share some properties tend to be pretty rare as well.
bitcoin is not naturally scarce, its artificially scarce. 21 million coins is an arbitrary cap, it could be set to 1 trillion coins or no cap at all.
bitcoin also has perfect economic substitutions. You can copy the bitcoin protocol exactly because its open source.
So whatever economic function bitcoin serves is vulnerable to substitution. Currently its main function is to provide speculative returns, however eventually it has to hit a limit on how much money people can keep pumping into it.
If one person owned all the gold in the world, it would still be worth paying him for some because there'd be no other way to get gold. If one person owned all the bitcoin in the world, there'd be no reason to pay him anything for a bitcoin because you could just start your own bitcoin of which you owned all the worlds supply. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:29:46


bitcoin has lost considerable market share in the last year. it went from over 80% to 40%, although its recovered somewhat since then its still much lower than it was. the idea it couldn't lose even more isn't based on anything.
loss of faith in the speculative bubble could come from many sources, technical problems, too much fragmentation from forks, government crackdown, hyper-deflation, better competition


That's not an argument. Your evidence that gold is mainly held in vaults come from a link that I provided that showed 8,000 of the 165,000 tons of mined gold is held by the US. that is showing the exact opposite of "most gold is held in vaults"
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:10:23


Those willing to pay higher fees are prioritized for transfers, are they not?
That means someone who's transferring $1,000,000 of bitcoin can afford to pay $1,000 fee and it only be 0.1% of their transaction. Whereas someone trying to transfer $1,000 can offer 10% of their transaction as a fee and that would only be $100
This means people moving the largest volumes can make the most profit with less being wasted in fees, and they also get to be the first to move because they can afford to be first in line.


So bitcoin won't be valuable because its a useful currency, it will be valuable because it keeps going up in value?
@_date: 2017-12-29 11:44:04
@_date: 2017-12-17 20:02:45
I've had much more in depth discussions than this about the economics of bitcoin.
I really wish people would stop with the condescending "you need to go away and read more about bitcoin if you don't immediately agree with me", rather than actually engaging in discussion, as if the only possible way someone could disagree with you is if they have never been exposed to these arguments before. As if the possibility that you might be wrong is so laughably remote you don't even have to consider it any more, or put your ideas to the test in an open forum. If someone doesn't agree with you just link them to a post you made months ago and they'll clearly see the light.
The people who do that instead of actually debating are always the ones with the least ability to defend their beliefs and the most unwavering belief in their own infallibility.
These are also the kind of people who belt out "there's no such thing as intrinsic value" and "all value is subjective" as if they're mind blowing realizations no one has thought of before instead of obvious truisms that do nothing to further the conversation.
If you're either unable or unwilling to debate any of the points I brought up you should just not reply, instead wasting time replying just to say how you're right and anyone who doesn't agree with you is just ignorant.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:17:15
Most peoples information about the Zimbabwean currency crisis is out of date.
Zimbabwe hasn't had hyper-inflation since they abandoned the Zimbabwean dollar.
For the last few years they've actually had significant deflation, which has caused serious problems in the economy, because when the Zimbabwean dollar was abandoned, people started using other fiats like the US dollar, UK pound, Australian Dollar, Japanese Yen etc.
The supply of these new currencies into the country was insufficient to meet demand, so the value of those currencies rose fast compared to the value of goods and services, which encouraged people to focus on hoarding currency rather than using it to run their businesses.
At one point deflation hit 3% a month, which discouraged huge amounts of investment because there's very few investments in Zimbabwe that can provide 3% monthly returns.
Only recently has Zimbabwe seen inflation with the announcement of a new currency pegged to the value of the US dollar. Unfortunately the Zimbabwean authorities have not learned their lesson and are yet again massively over-supplying this new currency. There is much political uncertainty in Zimbabwe with Mugabe stepping down so people are reluctant to trust the new currency which exacerbates its inflationary properties since people try to hand it off as quickly as possible.
So the Zimbabwean currency system is now made up of two broken parts. It's own native currency is too inflationary, and foreign currency is too deflationary.
@_date: 2017-12-07 12:01:54
That doesn't address the points I brought up.
The market cap for bitcoin can increase.
The market cap for bitcoin can't become hundreds of times more than all the wealth on earth combined.
Early adopters have already made most of the money there is to be made.
@_date: 2017-12-12 19:59:56


It already did, and that's without the supply of gold being fixed.
During the great depression there was sharp monetary contraction, a 35% decrease, which caused 33% price deflation.
This completely fucked the economy. The Federal reserve could not print any more money because they had already hit the limit allowed by the gold standard and they didn't have any more gold.
All the problems of rapid monetary deflation I warned about in this thread already happened during the Great Depression. Demand for goods and services dropped significantly since it was more profitable to keep hold of money than to spend it. investment in business dropped for similar reasons, along with the increased difficulty of borrowing money. currency hoarding further exacerbated the monetary contraction. there was a huge number of loan defaults and banks stopped lending money which exacerbated the drop in consumer demand and reduced investment in business. A lot of the money supply existed as debt so widespread defaults exacerbated the monetary contraction.Employers went out of business, so people lost their jobs, which meant there was even less demand for goods and services because people weren't getting paid. Banks started going out of business because they lost so much revenue from loan defaults, people started pulling money out of banks because they were worried about losing it which put even more banks out of business. 1/3rd of all banks at the time went out of business. People lost faith in the gold standard and started cashing in paper certificates for gold, which made the monetary deflation even worse since for each dollar of gold they lost they had to pull multiple paper dollars out of circulation.
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:46:48
Bitcoin is accepted in less of the top 500 US retailers than it was 3 years ago.
It's only a success story if you think the aim of bitcoin was to have a hyper-deflationary asset rather than a functional currency. It's success as a currency is going in reverse, and it wasn't that good to begin with.
Nowhere in the white paper does it say anything about bitcoin will be a great "store of value" that no one wants to use as a currency because its too deflationary.
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:15:07


So does every other cryptocurrency, so does completely new technology that hasn't been invented yet.
Bitcoin lost half of its market share in the last year.
I don't understand the unwavering belief people have that Lightning will fix everything and that Bitcoin will be a "store of value" forever when its clearly in a very volatile and precarious position.
It dismantles the whole idea that bitcoin is a "secure store of value" when its value depends on market dominance in a field renowned for established market leaders being displaced by innovative new start ups.
Lightning can work with any cryptocurrency, so even if it was the perfect solution people seem to think it will be (hint: it won't be), it would do nothing to fix the underlying flaws with bitcoin like hyper-deflation being hardcoded into the protocol.
@_date: 2017-12-16 16:03:33
"if you know bitcoin is going to go up, why don't you just put all your money in bitcoin"
is not an answer to the question "why would you spend bitcoins as currency if the whole reason you bought bitcoins was to profit from holding them over time, and you have other money to use as currency which doesn't increase in value over time"
It's clear as day that people would prefer to hold bitcoins rather than spend them as currency.
Holding a speculative asset for profit and using something as currency are not the same thing, you can't get around that with irrelevant hypotheticals like "what if you run out of money and have to sell your speculative asset" or "if you know the speculative asset is going up in value why don't you put all your money into it."
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:44:54
I liked how you ignored the link that showed most demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry instead of acknowledging you were wrong and didn't bother to do basic research when you said that was "not true at all".


So gold isn't valuable because its scarce, its valuable because its not too scarce and not too common?
Good job bitcoin will never be too scarce then in the face of ever decreasing supply and ever increasing demand. We all know frangibility and supply are the same thing. Bitcoin supply is in perfect equilibrium with demand, which just so happens to involve halving every 210,000 blocks regardless of how high or low demand is. That is the genius of the system.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:48:49
I'm not dismissing bitcoin I'm making reasoned arguments as to why hyper-deflationary currencies don't work. If Bitcoin wasn't hyper-deflationary I wouldn't be making the same argument. There are coins that aren't hyper-deflationary and I don't make that argument about those.
You're the one dismissing any criticism of Bitcoin by saying that any criticism is just from people who don't understand bitcoin and therefore there's no need to seriously respond to criticisms because all criticism is inherently invalid.
you've set up a circular reasoning loop where any criticism of bitcoin is proof the person doesn't understand bitcoin which is proof that the criticism is invalid. How do you know the criticism is invalid? Because they don't understand bitcoin. How do you know they don't understand bitcoin? Well because the criticism is invalid.
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:40:36
I've haven't died yet despite having several close calls. I'm pretty sure that makes me immortal.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:03:27
I still dispute the idea that you can just multiply the number of coinbase accounts by the ratio of volume of total trade, because distribution of bitcoin is not evenly distributed.
If Coinbase trades $10,000,000 of bitcoin, and has 14 million users, you can't assume that $100,000,000 of trade means there's 140 million users because there are millions of users with only a few cents in their wallet, and there are a handful of users who own tens of millions.
You have to assume that every dollar of trade is evenly distributed between all users, and that no users have accounts on other exchanges, and that there are no duplicate or dead accounts.
Going by daily transactions is a much less gameable figure, and the growth in daily transactions is nowhere near the amount of growth implied by the growth of wallets/accounts on exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:34:41


I said there's no example of a network technology being adopted by millions of people buying it and then not using it and then suddenly all start to use it once it hits a point of critical mass or upgrade.
You said "sure there is".
I said give me an example.
You said the internet.
Now you're saying its a strawman to say that the thing you said there was an example of, is an example of the thing you said it was an example of.


It was made for fax machines and phones, and you've already said that 
A) you can't "draw absurd lines between unrelated technologies", (we were specifically talking about faxes, which is one of the technologies metcalfe law attempts to describe). Those were your words, "unrelated technologies".
B) old ways of thinking can't be applied to bitcoin because its too new and different - "trying to shoehorn new innovations under old umbrellas", "If you tried to describe the potential of the Internet in terms of how poorly it performed the function of a fax machine, you'd wind up sounding just as silly"
Metcalfes law is 37 years old. Apparently some new innovations can be shoehorned under old umbrellas used to describe unrelated technologies, apparently you can describe the potential of the internet in terms of the potential of the fax machine (which is exactly what you say metcalfes law does), but only when it backs up what you want to be true.
If someone else does it then they can be immediately dismissed because they don't realize how bitcoin is like nothing that came before and so can't be compared or even conceptualized using any old terminology.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:54:41


They're buying because they believe it will be worth more next month/year than it is this month/year.
Speculators don't care why that is, whether its because bitcoin is useful or will be useful, or whether its just valuable because of a speculative bubble.
If it was based on the potential long term success of bitcoin then you wouldn't see wild swings because that potential is the same now as it has always been.


And one day it might be worthless. 
It's a mistake to confuse the price of a speculative asset for its future usefulness/success. There are no underlying indicators beyond price to indicate that bitcoin is improving. Market share is down. Transaction times are down. Merchant adoption in the top 500 US retailers is down. Fees are up. Volatility is up.
If it was simply as easy as picking the most valuable/rapidly appreciating assets then everyone would be rich.
It doesn't matter what happens to bitcoins price. Hyper-deflationary currencies don't work and no amount of speculation will change that.


This is circular logic. "people will use bitcoin if people use bitcoin".
Why would they ever abandon fiat? "because its a store of value"
Okay so buy the store of value with fiat and then continue using fiat as a currency.
No one will try to spend a currency that appreciates when they have access to a currency that depreciates.
This is why gold coins are no longer used as currency but iron and copper based coins are still in use after thousands of years. It's not because Iron or copper are any more frangibile or portable than gold coins. It's because gold appreciates in value too rapidly to be useful as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-18 21:13:19


It sees almost no use as a currency. Lets be real, bitcoins increase in value has nothing to do with its usefulness as a currency. In 2014 only 5 out of the top 500 US retailers were accepting some bitcoin related payment method, today its 3 out of the top 500. 
You can say "ah but its based on how useful it will be in the future, not on how useful it is today", but thats only "how useful people *think* it will be in the future", and most of that thinking is assuming first to market and network effects (for something mainly used as a commodity) will conquer all for an artificially scarce good with fiercely innovative competition, high institutional inertia and perfect economic substitutes, and assuming that price rises from artificial scarcity and speculation must be based on future value, and refusing to address the existence or consequences of indefinite hyper-deflation. 
The valuation for Pets.com was also based on how much people thought Pets.com would be worth in the future. The problem is they were wrong, and didn't understand the fact that people were willing to pay a lot of money for it didn't automatically validate that valuation.
Speculators want to be in denial about the effect rampant hyper-deflation has on the utility of a currency, so it all gets handwaved with "lightning will fix everything" and "the price will stabilize once it hits mass adoption", even though the current trends show exactly what monetarists warned would happen, and those trends are only going to get worse.


this is also indistinguishable from the universe where its worth nothing in the future and people are speculating based on artificial scarcity and short term speculative returns.
every speculative bubble thrives on the idea that current price rises will be justified by future value. you can't prove something isn't a speculative bubble by saying "yeah but this really will be worth something in the future"


this is a false dichotomy. It's not either talk about holding bitcoin or talking about selling it. the third option is actually talking about using it as a currency.
this very forum says "post a link NOT about price", yet every other post is about price. its obtuse to pretend what is obviously happening isn't really happening when even the moderators are willing to admit there is manic price obsessed speculation and try to discourage it.


this is circular logic. just because a good store of value is valuable doesn't mean everything that is valuable is automatically a good store of value. a speculative bubble is also valuable right up until it isn't.
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:39:13
Not if you bought in at the peak, which is what the OP is suggesting people do.
When bitcoin hit $1200 for the first time it took nearly 4 years to hit that level again. It lost 80% of its value for a year after that initial peak.
You can't only look at the long term while ignoring short term opportunity costs.
If you bought a house at the peak of the housing bubble, there's a good chance that eventually that house will be worth more than it was during the peak, it didn't mean the guy telling you to buy a house at the peak of the bubble was giving you good financial advice.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:53:50
I love it when people who have been redditor for 3 months try to pull rank.
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:00:57
I never said it takes a specific amount of energy, you're quoting yourself. The amount of energy required is variable.
Just because the energy required is variable doesn't mean transaction rate is independent from energy use.
In order to process more transactions (of a given size) per second you either need to increase the blocksize or increase the rate at which blocks are processed. Both of these choices have drawbacks.
With bitcoins current protocol, the faster blocks are processed the more difficult it gets to process blocks. That increases the energy required for proof-of-work, which increases amount of energy needed to process transactions. This is why even modest increases in daily transactions have caused a significant increase in energy use by miners. Difficulty is increasing much faster than efficiency of miners so its costing more and more energy as miners compete to mine blocks faster and faster and so increase the difficulty.
Course, you could radically reform bitcoins protocol so it didn't work like this but then you're not talking about bitcoin anymore, but some filthy scam shitcoin, which apparently people here hate. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 19:58:44
Bitcoin lost 80% of its value for close to a year after it hit $1200 for the first time. It took several years to get back to $1200. That's a terrible return on investment during those years. You could have sold at $1200, burned half the money, bought back in at $250 and still have made a profit compared to "hodling" during that time.
Saying there's never a bad time to buy bitcoin because it tends to go up over time is like saying there's never a bad time to buy a house because house prices have been going up on average for over 100 years.
there was a bad time to buy a house, immediately before the last housing crash. Depending on where you bought your house it might still not have recovered in value, nearly 10 years later.
The fact that eventually the house will probably be worth more than it was in 2006 doesn't mean it was a wise time to buy. Same goes for buying gold right at the peak of the gold bubble. Everyone who bought in at the peak of those bubbles thought it was a sure thing that price was never coming down again, both of them are still down significantly.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:46:28


Or like a software project with high institutional inertia failing to innovate fast enough to solve problems as they arise in a highly competitive marketplace?
Bitcoin has been out for 8 years. Thats a long time in tech. Myspace went from nothing, to the most popular social network, to being eclipsed by Facebook during that time.


It's price grew. Acceptance among the top 500 US retailers went down. Transaction times and fees got much worse.
"it takes time" is not a serious address to these problems.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:14:04
High fees are a sign that highly valuable transaction are taking place. The higher the fees that means the more value bitcoin transactions are creating. 
High fees also discourage people from spending and encouraging hodling, which is far more valuable than spending. At this point spending bitcoin is a waste and should be discouraged. 
You only need to see how much bitcoins value increases as fees increase to see that this is true. The higher the fees, the greater the value of bitcoin. Bitcoin fees and price hit an ATH in the same week. This is no coincidence.
Fiatcucks, bank shills, and so called "economists" will try to tell you that high fees are a sign bitcoins value is not based on its utility as a currency but on speculation, but they don't understand the revolutionary potential of bitcoin. They are trying to fit their old ways of thinking to a completely new technology.
$20 average transaction fees are only the start. We will hit $100 by the end of next year, and $1000 the year after that. Bitcoins value is growing exponentially, that means its fees must grow exponentially as well. HODL on tight my friend, it will get scary, there may be wild swings and attacks by banks and shitcoins attempting to FUD the hell out of us, but it will all be worth it in the end.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:23:04
Well is investing in bitcoin risky or not?
You can't say you didn't invest in it because its risky compared to investing in your own business, and then recommend your dad invest in it if the whole reason he was worried in investing in it was risk.
@_date: 2017-12-24 21:54:40


Global GDP growth has actually been slowing for some time. It was over 5% in the 60s, its only 2.4% now. 
If you take China and India out of the equation, global GDP growth has been slowing down even more.
It's mainly developing nations like China and India that have kept the rate as high as it has been.
Getting 2 billion people from illiterate subsistence peasants to educated urban workers gets you a huge increase in GDP.
People who were previously producing maybe a few hundred dollars of rice a year are now producing tens of thousands of dollars of electronic goods and services a year. It's much harder to take someone who is producing tens of thousands of dollars a year and get them to start producing hundreds of thousands of dollars a year.
Once you industrialize it becomes a lot more difficult and complicated to see economic gains.
Other costs start increasing (social security, increasing rates of illness and people living longer into old age, natural resources start running out).
If you look at a nation like Japan, their GDP output is actually lower than it was 23 years ago.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:15:32
It's worked brilliantly for the last 50-60 years. Not a single nation on earth remained on the gold standard, every prosperous nation on earth has inflationary currency now.
Inflation in the US is less than 1% this year. The great thing with controlling the money supply is you can always print less if you need to and print more when you need to.
How sustainable do you think 1500% annual deflation is?
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:20:32
None of those stories are representative of currency use in Zimbabwe, if they in fact ever happened.
People latched on to the idea because it sounded cool "Zimbabwean currency collapses, people use bitcoin instead", but it ignored the reality that its other fiats that became the predominant currency in Zimbabwe after the Zimbabwean dollar was abandoned.
Zimbabweans putting some of their money into bitcoin as a store of value doesn't mean they're adopting it as a currency any more than they're adopting gold as a currency.
The currencies being used in Zimbabwe are 1) a new issued zimbabwean bond note pegged to the value of the USD 2) a large number of foreign currencies, predominantly the USD but also AUD, GBP, JPY and others to lesser amounts.
There is significant deflation of foreign fiats inside Zimbabwe because they can't get it into the country fast enough to meet demand for reliable fiat currency, which is causing problems in the economy.
This is actually a good example of how A) you can't supply a currency globally and have supply be exactly the right amount for lots of different national economies all with varying demand for currency and B) deflation is not a good thing for something actually used as currency.
Deflation in Zimbabwe hit 3% a month not long ago, which was killing its economy because no one wanted to make any investment with hard currency that made less than 3% a month. Only recently has Zimbabwe entered inflation again, thanks to its government massively oversupplying the new USD pegged currency, which is now causing problems. There is not enough of stable foreign fiats and there is too much unstable native fiat which the government mandates people accept as legal tender.
Hopefully with Mugabe gone they will be able to purge the corruption that led to the government deciding to destroy the national currency for short term gain.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:16:49
I thought bitcoin was supposed to replace the need for banks. "banking the unbanked"
@_date: 2017-12-01 15:24:19


There's a capped amount of bitcoin which means it can't ever stabilize unless the amount of wealth on earth also stabilizes.
The very simplified calculation (which doesn't factor many edge cases) is that total amount of wealth / total amount of currency = unit value of currency. 
You very quickly get hyper-deflation if you keep increasing the amount of wealth without increasing the money supply, just like you quickly get hyper-inflation if you keep increasing the amount of money without increasing the amount of wealth.
The level of deflation we're currently seeing in bitcoin is nothing compared to what will happen though since A) bitcoins are still being produced (although at an ever decreasing rate) and B) only a tiny percentage of the worlds population is currently demanding bitcoin. 


There's no need to physically transport gold any more. Gold can be traded digitally as quickly and cheaply bitcoin via exchanges.
But it still has the same problems that caused gold to be abandoned as currency regardless of how easy and quick transfers are. Which is that no one wants to use gold as a currency if it keeps increasing in value. Aristophanes writes over 2,000 years ago that everyone ended up hoarding gold coin, and that only brass coins ended up being used as currency. Gold kept some value as currency just because it was too difficult to transport large amounts of base metal, but the invention of fiat currency destroyed that and it eventually became completely obsolete as a currency.
The difference with gold is that gold is naturally scarce, and is mainly in demand for its use as jewelry and little from industry. So when it became so deflationary it ceased to be useful currency, it still retained value. Bitcoin is predicated on the idea that its only so valuable because you will be able to buy things with it. When it becomes so deflationary it ceases to be a useful currency it will lose all its value because there's no other use for it, and because there are many competitors based on exactly the same tech people could switch to.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:21:49
But you don't need to save money over long periods of time because if you want something thats going to be valuable for a long time you can just buy it with money.
Money only needs to facilitate trade, it doesn't need to be an investment.
Money can buy investments but investments can't be used as money. Gold holds its value much better than dollars but try to get anyone to accept a gold coin as payment. The value fluctuates too wildly, no one wants to have to check every time they spend a coin to see how much its worth, and it goes up in value over time so people would rather save it and spend currency that they know won't be worth more in future.
2% inflation is much more tolerable in a currency than 1000% deflation with wild swings where occasionally it drops double digit percentage of its value.
Money that people want to save and not spend ceases to be a currency. Which is okay for things like gold because it has other uses and other values. The whole point of bitcoin is that its meant to be valuable because you can use it to buy stuff. If it ceases to be useful to buy stuff with then where's the value coming from? Artificial scarcity is not enough to be valuable. you could copy the bitcoin protocol exactly and just make it have 1 coin ever, but it wouldn't make you a billionaire because no one would believe it was valuable just because it was rare.
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:54:32


Metals are already a censorship resistant store of value. Except they also have a million different valuable uses even if for some reason everyone in the world decided not to trade you anything for them. You can use metal to cut wood, build a house, build a car, build a ship, cook food, plant crops, perform heart surgery. In order for metal to have no value almost everything else in the world would have to have no value since there is some use for metal in nearly every area of human activity.
If no one is willing to give you anything for bitcoin it has no other use, no other value.
As a result bitcoin is far more vulnerable to becoming worthless than metals. 
There is no 51% attack that could shatter confidence in the value of metal, quantum computing doesn't threaten to make metal useless. If all the metal mines in the world closed, metal wouldn't stop working. Metal doesn't require centralized government telecoms infrastructure to work, it doesn't require centralized government power infrastructure to work.
Buying metal also generates wealth. When you buy metal, metal miners and manufacturers use the money to make more metal, which increases the availability of metal, which means there can be more metal tools, which can be used to make even more wealth.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:37:50
It's an inevitable result of hard-coded deflation.
It's completely rational not to spend bitcoin if you believe it will be worth significantly more 6 months from now, especially when there are plenty of alternatives you can use to buy things in the meantime.
If demand outpaces supply then price will increase. If supply outpaces demand then price will decrease. 
The soon as you set a limit on supply, then any demand creates a self-fulfilling prophecy for speculators. Demand goes up when anyone buys, but supply can't respond, so price goes up, so people who are buying because the price goes up goes up even more.
Supply of currency needs to scale with demand for currency to avoid creating perverse incentives (like the perverse incentives to squat on domains and block their use rather than actually use them to do something productive).
For a currency to avoid hyper-deflation or hyper-inflation it needs to have some mechanism to adjust the supply of money relative to demand.
Coins like bitcoin just arbitrarily decrease supply over time, no matter how much demand for bitcoin increases. Even if demand for bitcoin goes up 10,000% the supply rate will stay the same. This means that pretty soon nearly all the demand is coming from speculators, because its too deflationary for use as currency, which makes the underlying demand very volatile.
@_date: 2017-12-19 21:58:59


Sure there is, you just can't tell ahead of time.
If you pay $20,000 this week and it drops to $10,000 next week then it was an unreasonable price to pay, you just didn't know it. The only reason most people will pay $20,000 is because they think that it will be worth even more than that in the future. you're gambling on being able to sell it for more than you bought it for. no one wants to only be able to sell it for the same price they bought it because with fees thats just making a loss, and there are more reliable places to put money if you want to make 0% returns.
The very fact its not tied to anything makes it much more prone to wild swings from speculations than other goods. It's value is based almost entirely on how much people think it will be worth in the future rather than an underlying economic demand. At least when people speculate on things like gold there are underlying economic demands that put some floor on the value. If every gold speculator got out of the business tomorrow gold still wouldn't be worthless because most of demand for gold comes from jewelry which isn't going anywhere so long as people like to flaunt their wealth with shiny bits of rare metal, which is a 6000+ year old human tradition.
Flash crashes are trial runs for when people think bitcoin has hit as high as it will go and want to get all their money out before anyone else does. Each time people realize that its not going to kill off speculation entirely, and there's still yet more speculative gains to be made, more people buy in with renewed confidence that every time it looked like it was going to crash it recovered. 
With all the speculative mania people have been happy to abandon the idea that bitcoin was meant to be a functional currency and just switch to circular "its valuable because its a store of value because its valuable" reasoning. Which helps to propel the speculative bubble but gives nothing to fall back on once it hits a limit on how much it can inflate.
@_date: 2017-12-19 22:27:31


Sure. No one says you can't make money off a speculative bubble, although its generally people who get in earliest who make the most money due to the diminishing returns you get as the bubble gets bigger. You can't see 10x returns for very long before its literally impossible to get 10x what you paid for because its more than all the available wealth on earth. Course you hit limits on how many people can put money into the bubble long before then. 


USD is the most useful currency in more than one country, not just the US, and its also a highly in demand reserve currency in lots of other countries.
That's were demand comes from. As soon as that stops being true then you will be right to worry about the value of the dollar. 
No one buys USD in order to make money from the increasing value of the USD, because the USD doesn't go up in value, it goes down. That's why we don't have to worry about a speculative bubble in USD. It's valuable because its useful. As soon as it stops being useful it will be worthless.
If Bitcoin was threatening to replace USD then I might be worried, but no one is even talking about bitcoin replacing currency any more, its all about "bitcoin is digital gold!", said by people who don't realize gold is mainly a jewelry metal, not a "store of value". Platinum is much rarer than gold, but gold is worth more because no one gives a fuck about platinum jewelry. No one is going to give a fuck about bitcoin jewelry in 50 years time either.
Money is for facilitating trade. the "store of value" argument is stupid because no one needs currency to be a store of value. gold is a much better "store of value" than paper dollars, but look how many people are still using gold coins as currency versus paper dollars. gold going up in value is what stops it from being a useful currency. No one will spend a gold coin when they can spend a coin that won't go up in value.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:14:32
I don't need to point to a coin that has a better solution in order to point out bitcoin hasn't got a working solution for its current problems. Even if every other coin was worse bitcoin would still have a problem.
Since that's a pretty short conversation though I will entertain the question, even though other coins having worse problems wouldn't somehow mean bitcoin has no problems.
If it works then its a solution. Multiple other coins have significantly better transaction times and fees than bitcoin, even accounting for scaling. You can say that that comes at the expense of other things, but its still a solution. If consumers don't care about those other things then it doesn't matter.
You can't look at bitcoins market share dropping from 80 to 40 and then be in denial about how bitcoins failure to sort out aren't being capitalized on by competitors. I mean you can but it just means you've blasted fully into a world of fantasy.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:15:28


Plenty of people were flipping houses as an investment. Some folks might have been leveraged to the eyeballs but there were plenty of people who were investing with money they could afford to lose.
Everyone who bought a house and then sold it on for even more did great, except for the guys at the very peak of the wave, who couldn't find anyone to pay more than what they paid.
You can never exactly predict when the peak will be, but the higher it goes the more likely it is that you will be the one holding the bag when the market craps out.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:43:41


There was a huge future in smart phones, it didn't mean you could buy $15,000 of iPhone 1s and expect them to be worth anything 5 years later.
People who think currency is a long term investment haven't thought properly about how currency works and why they can't increase in value indefinitely and still be functional.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:20:56
So its a future card that can allow tens of thousands of transactions a second and chargebacks but is somehow still transferring bitcoins?
credit and debit cards require a centralized infrastructure in order to cheaply handle such a large volume of transactions and to facilitate things like credit and chargebacks.
If you're securely trading bitcoin on a centralized 3rd party network faster and cheaper than you can trade it on blockchain then you've just made the blockchain completely irrelevant.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:36:52
The fact you can't do high-frequency trading doesn't mean there's still not a huge advantage for large trading corporations.
With the volume of transactions they can afford, they can be both first in the transaction line (which is important during rapid shifts in the market, since they can be the first to cash out during a crash and the first to buy in during a spike), and they pay a much smaller percentage at the same time.
That's ignoring its also possible to trade bitcoins on the secondary market without directly transferring bitcoins, so they can still do high frequency trading on that. All the new bitcoin futures coming in will be subject to HFT
@_date: 2017-12-12 18:41:48


If this was true Japan should be significantly richer than it was 20 years ago, since the yen is worth significantly more dollars and euros than it was 20 years ago. Now they can trade valuable Yen to other nations right?
Except Japan is poorer than it was 20 years ago even though the Yen is worth more than it was back then.
Because currency isn't wealth, its just a token for wealth, and just because tokens are more valuable doesn't mean you have more wealth. Tokens can increase in value whilst the total amount of wealth decreases and vice versa.
It's very simplistic logic that deflationists are operating on: that since money buys stuff, the more valuable money is the more stuff you will be able to own, so the richer you are. That logic works on the individual level, it doesn't work when you're talking about economies as a whole. That's as simplistic as thinking that having more money makes you richer, so if a country prints a bunch of money it will become richer. Printing a bunch of money might make you individually richer but its coming at the expense of others, no wealth is being created. Deflation might make individuals with money richer but it is not creating wealth.
The fact that your theory on how currency works doesn't match up with real world evidence should cause you to re-evaluate your theory rather than dismiss it as a stupid side issue.


Bitcoin can't stabilize because its has an exponentially decreasing supply and a fixed cap, which means it can never be used for debt which means its useless for one of the main uses of currency in todays economy which is to facilitate debt.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:49:56
You just admitted you were just lucky and had no idea what was going to happen. The people you're taking advice from don't know either.
You have no idea what is going to happen with the price of either Bitcoin or Bcash, both could either increase or decrease from its current price.
You can't work out what is going to happen just by looking at the recent past and assuming that's exactly what will happen in future. You can't work out how to win the lottery just by copying the numbers the last winner played.


The "shills" here have exactly the same agenda, get you to buy into their coin so the price increases and they make money, slander all other coins as worthless to try and discourage competition in the speculation. 
It doesn't sound like you've learned anything from your experience.
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:07:05


Cashing out an investment is not the same thing as spending currency.
You might decide to sell your gold/shares because you need the money, or they hit an all time high, but that doesn't mean you're using those things as currency, you're simply cashing out. It doesn't mean spending gold coins when you have dollars in your pocket to spend instead is a good idea. The fact you could buy more gold coins with the dollars is irrelevant, just spend the dollars in the first place. Every country in the world has abandoned gold coins as currency because gold appreciates too fast to be used for currency, even though you can profit from buying and selling it.
I'm not saying there's no reason you would ever want to cash out of gold/bitcoin/amazon shares, I'm saying the very reason you're holding those things makes it distinct from use as currency, you're using it as an asset.
There is no "cashing out" of dollars. You just spend them because they're a medium of exchange, not an asset. You can argue that bitcoin will one day be a medium of exchange but that doesn't mean that's what people are currently treating it as. 
Currently it makes no sense to use bitcoin as a currency, which is why everyone measures bitcoin in how much its worth in currency, not how much groceries it will buy, and why everyone talks about HODL non-stop.


That wasn't my point. My point was there was no point in spending BTC instead of fiat if you have the money, because the whole point of hodling bitcoin is to profit from holding it.
Wanting to realize returns on investment does not contradict any arguments I've made so far. Neither does running out of money and having to liquidize your assets. It still makes no sense to spend bitcoin if you have dollars to spend. Dollars will only become worth less if you don't spend them.
@_date: 2017-12-24 17:53:10
Bitcoins price is not set by its usability, otherwise it would have decreased significantly in price in the last year.
It has gotten significantly less usable, completely unusable for small enough transfers, and yet its value has significantly increased.
It's price is a function of supply and demand. If supply actually rose to meet demand (instead of arbitrarily halving every 210,000 blocks), then the price would stay the same whilst the market cap crew.
Price is going up because supply isn't rising fast enough to meet demand. That's it.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:48:58
Except 1000 people own 20% of bitcoins, and less than 1% of the worlds population own 89% of all the bitcoins there will ever be.
Even if you genuinely think bitcoin is going to take over from all other fiat currencies, its only making the concentration of wealth worse, because of how much has already been hoarded by people with the most money to buy up the most bitcoins.
Many people heavily invested in bitcoin, like the winklevoss twins, were already in the 1% to begin with. For obvious reasons, people who already have a shitload of money were in the best position to buy up a shitload of bitcoins.
You're not going to become a billionaire with your 0.2BTC
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:02:53


They're all dead or dying. If you bet your lifes savings on the success of any one of those succeeding you were in for a bad time.
Myspace went from being worth half a billion dollars to being worth $35 million.
@_date: 2017-12-24 17:19:25
Funny how Satoshi doesn't mention second layer solutions in the whitepaper since they're so obviously necessary.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:20:01


Of any country which has the interest and ability to regulate financial activity within its borders, which is most of them with the exception of tax havens and failed states.


You can already do that with regular money. Why do you think anyone pays tax if its so easy to avoid by just "use banks in countries they don't have taxes"?
You don't have to use banks/"hubs" at all, its just incredibly inconvenient not to. 


That must be why you're required to provide ID to get bitcoin from an exchange, and why those exchanges report to the IRS, because they exist under no jurisdiction.


The same way they prevent any tax evasion and illegal market activity.
If you never want to buy anything with bitcoin then yes you will be able to hide it. you're also able to hide gold bars in your back yard. It doesn't mean you can buy a house with gold bars and not have the government ask questions about where you got the money.
@_date: 2017-12-08 19:24:33


inflation is at a steady 0-2%. 
I'd notice insane hyperinflation because it would mean the costs of rent, food, electricity etc would all have skyrocketed recently, which they haven't, because inflation is at a stable 0-2%
please don't tell me you're one of the "it's not bitcoin that's going up in value, its the dollar that is plummeting!" people. 


Please do one of those "remind me in 2 years", things because that's ridiculous prediction and I want you to realize how mental this prediction was in 2 years so you can go back and work out how your thinking was wrong at this point in time.


Even if there was hyper-inflation that wouldn't make bitcoin a functional currency.
There was hyper-inflation in Zimbabwe, guess what the most popular currency is in Zimbabwe now? It's not bitcoin (although some people are using bitcoin to get wealth out of the country), its the US dollar.
If there was ever a case to see whether people would choose bitcoin over fiat, that was it, but another fiat currency became the dominant currency because fiat is very good at being currency and bitcoin is not.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:09:03
you didn't actually answer 's question


Zimbabwe has had massive deflation since they hyper-inflated their own currency to death and switched to the US dollar, because they can't get enough US dollars in the country to meet demand. You might want to look at what even a mild rate of deflation is doing to their economy.
@_date: 2017-12-27 14:11:08


This should be obvious to everyone when the price has skyrocketed when its functionality has significantly decreased.
If the value was based on its utility then its price shouldn't have been decreasing as its fees and times increased, big merchants started dropping bitcoin related payment processors and its market share decreased.
Course people say "but its useful as a store of value, its not meant to be a currency yet", but they're only using the term "store of value" to mean "something you can profit off speculating on". In terms of a "store of value" that can be depended on to keep its value its terrible. It's price is highly unpredictable, if you bought a couple of weeks ago you just lost a significant % of your value, and it could be years before it ever recovers, if it does ever recover.
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:58:26


If the deflation rate is 5%, how are less resources being generated/allocated less efficiently if I use a million dollars to build a factory that generates 4% returns on its investment for 50 years than if I just sit on that million dollars for 50 years?
What has sitting on that million dollars generated?
It's zero sum because it assumes that doing nothing with money is somehow more productive than producing wealth if deflation is high enough. The only way that could be true is if it was a zero sum system where spending money on one thing meant less available wealth for another, but using money on wealth generating trades increases the total amount of wealth.
you acknowledged yourself that money is just a means of allocating resources. If you're not using it to allocate any resources what are you being rewarded for? It's just rent seeking. The value comes from other people generating wealth, not your hoarding. Your hoarding is just a means of extracting from the productive economy.
if you increased the money supply at the same rate new wealth was being generated you would see no increase in purchasing power, which would make it obvious that other people generating wealth doesn't mean you're doing something productive just because it increases your purchasing power in a system with a fixed supply of currency.
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:38:32
Inflation and deflation isn't just the supply of currency, its the supply of currency relative to demand in the form of goods and services to trade.
Monetary Inflation is an increase in the ratio of money to wealth, whether its because the supply of money has increased or the supply of wealth has decreased. Monetary deflation is a decrease in the ratio of money to wealth, regardless of whether its a decrease in the supply of money or an increase in the supply of wealth.
In order for moneys value to be stable then the supply of money needs to scale with the demand for money. 
Thousands of tons of gold are produced every year. This doesn't make gold currency inflationary because the demand for gold is much higher than the supply.
Bitcoins supply has been halving at regular intervals even though the demand has been going up and up. This makes bitcoin highly deflationary which is why we're seeing 1000% increases in price. It will hit a ridiculous level of hyper-deflation the next time the supply halves unless there is an exponential reduction in demand.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:23:50
What was going on in the early 1930s that created such a surge in the purchasing power of the dollar?
Surely that must have been a time of untold wealth generation and prosperity for the purchasing power of the dollar to increase so rapidly.
@_date: 2017-12-27 18:08:50
By your definition you can spend anything because you can sell it for fiat and spend that.
That's not what 99.9% of people are referring to when they talk about spending currency. Currency is a medium of exchange. Whatever you're using as the medium of exchange is the currency.
In your situation its still fiat. You trade fiat for bitcoin, then bitcoin for fiat, then fiat for other goods and services. At no point are you using bitcoin as a medium of exchange. Selling something for money doesn't make it a medium of exchange.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:02:01


Economics is highly polarized along political lines but one of the few things there is close to a consensus on in economics is that monetary deflation triggered the Great Depression as a result of the Fed not being able to issue more currency because of the limits of the gold standard, more specifically it turned an ordinary recession into the Great Depression.
If I point you to an economist who backs up what I say you can accuse me of cherry picking and bias so just google "causes of the great depression" and then read a variety of sources and you can validate this for yourself.


That was because of the industrial revolution, not because of the gold standard. If the gold standard was responsible for that level of economic growth then we would have seen every country that went off the gold standard take a significant hit in economic growth, which isn't what happened.
Economic growth increased after we got off the gold standard which is if not evidence it was holding us back is at least evidence that fiat isn't any worse.


You can just stop replying instead of trying to get the last word then.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:04:25
That must be why every other post here is excitedly measuring bitcoin in fiat. cuz of how obsolete bitcoin makes fiat.
@_date: 2017-12-02 17:26:45
Why would you waste time replying to me only to say that you're going to reply to me because other commenters already have?
I'm not sure what "bizarre reverse logic" you're referring to, its very simple logic, doubling one thing is not the same as halving another thing even if the relative difference is the same.
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:04:22


Well you can say the rate of deflation can stabilize but that will mean the price itself will not stabilize, which is what I assume people are referring to when they defend deflation by saying at some point the price of bitcoin will level off and thats when people will start using it as currency.
This is why I try to point out to people that the price can literally never stop increasing.
The incentive to hoard bitcoin will never disappear so long as it keeps deflating, and it will start deflating exponentially more as supply rate continues to halve. The only thing that could save it from hyper-deflation is if economic growth ground to a halt and started slowly reversing, which would not be a good thing.


 
I mean this is true but I don't see how it negates any of the points I made about artificial scarcity.
The most useful currency is the one that generates the most wealth. Currency only generates wealth by facilitating trade, money that never exchanges hands provides no value at all. Artificial scarcity of currency actively discourages trade, and facilitates rent-seeking. 
Supply of currency needs to scale with demand for currency to avoid this.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:58:53


Lightning can work on any cryptocurrency, there's nothing particular to bitcoin about it.
hyper-deflation is still going to prevent anyone from wanting to use it as a currency even if it fixed every other problem.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:44:58
Using bitcoin the way you do only ever trades bitcoin for dollars and back again. Bitcoin is never being traded for a good or service, its always being traded for a medium of exchange first. That makes it an asset being traded with currency, not something used as currency.
The fact you're using a service which sells it for dollars for you really quickly on your behalf does not mean its ever getting used for anything other than being bought and sold for dollars. It does not matter how fast you can sell something for money or if someone else does it for you, it does not make it a medium of exchange because its only ever being bought and sold for money, its not being used as money. the medium of exchange is what you're using as money.
a medium of exchange can be directly traded for any good or service in the economy. you can buy a massage with dollars, sell a hotdog for dollars, rent a car with dollars.
You cannot buy a massage with 20 hotdogs. you cannot rent a car with a massage. It doesn't matter if you can instantly sell 20 hot dogs, or get someone else to instantly sell them and get the money to buy a massage, it does not make hot dogs money. the fact you have to sell it first proves it can't be used as money in that context, otherwise you could just spend it without selling it.
the ease or speed at which you can sell something for money doesn't make it money. the liqudity of an asset doesn't make it money. whether it is being used as a medium of exchange is what makes it money.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:19:35
It can't be about speculation. If it was then you'd see people obsessing over the price and talking about how rich bitcoin is going to make them.
Bitcoin is about the FUTURE OF CURRENCY which is why all the posts around here are about how much better and more convenient bitcoin is than regular currency.
@_date: 2017-12-05 16:01:31
It doesn't just hold value, it rapidly increases in value. It's quadrupled in value in the last 6 months.
What value has been produced by your act of holding the bitcoin in that time?
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:44:14


Because no one wants to pump up the price of Bitcoin?
I don't get why people with bitcoin complain about the exact same behaviors from people with other coins.
You all want the price to go as high as possible so you can get rich quick
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:04:47


That's the opposite of how deflation works. Deflation is a decrease in prices relative to the value of money.
Really its hard to take bitcoin seriously when its advocates make this kind of mistake.


The supply of bitcoin is hard-coded to decrease over time until it hits 0, except even before supply rate hits 0, the total number of available bitcoins will start decreasing because they will be lost faster than they are produced.
This makes equilibrium impossible to achieve. In order for the value of a currency to stay constant it needs to scale with the amount of wealth in the economy.


uhhh... no its not the same.
In one system, if you wait 5 years you need to spend twice as much currency to get the same amount of goods. In the other, if you wait 5 years you need to spend half as much.
This is the key problem with deflation is that it discourages trade and encourages hoarding, but money is only useful if it is used to facilitate trade. It generates no value when it is hoarded. 
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:20:08
The 1930s?
Yeah those were such great times for America.
The dollar surging in purchasing power definitely helped everyone get richer and the economy to become more productive.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:45:02


This is not true.
How could it even work as a payment method if you couldn't choose who you opened a channel with?
Instead of opening a channel for every transaction you wanted to make it would be much easier (and cheaper) to connect to one central channel that all the retailers you want to use have open channels with.
The same reason its easy to have one debit card that works with multiple different retailers rather than having to have as separate card for each retailer.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:58:59
2% inflation is a tiny percentage of the amount government take in tax. Over the last 20 years they have increased direct taxation far more than 2% of GDP and yet there has been no revolution.
@_date: 2017-12-06 20:59:24
Sure, zero-sum wealth transfers happen. Playing poker can be a good way of making money for the individual but its not producing wealth, you can only get as rich as you make someone else poor. Poker chips aren't worth anything unless someone has made something valuable they're willing to trade for one.
To extend the metaphor, 79% of the bitcoin "chips" there will ever be have already been made and are already in the hands of a tiny number of people. Why would I try and win this game when there are people who managed to buy thousands of chips for a few hundred bucks, yet it will cost me $13,000 to buy one chip?
I can see why the guy who bought a bitcoin for $100 wants me to pay $10,000 for one, why would I want to pay $10,000 for one unless I can find someone who is willing to pay $1,000,000 for one? At some point this cycle of selling a bitcoin for 100x what you paid for it has to end, and at that point whoever was last to buy ends up with a shit sandwich.
Most of the money to be made has already been made by people who could afford to buy up huge numbers of bitcoins when they were cheap. We can't see the same level of returns that have already happened without bitcoins being several times more than all the wealth on earth combined, which is impossible.
@_date: 2019-07-08 13:28:02
If electricity becomes cheaper you have to buy more electricity to compete with other miners, who can now also afford to buy more electricity, else you will lose relative share of hash power and now be less likely to win the coin reward and so will lose money.
If miners agreed not to spend as much on electricity as a result of decrease in the cost of electricity, then any miner who defected and continued to spend just as much as before would now be taking a greater share of rewards. The whole point is that the network is secured by competition, meaning there's a constant arms race in trying to get more hash power than anyone else.
If the current blockchain was funded only by fees, then all miners in total would only be getting paid $545,054 a day, meaning you could afford to 51% attack the network for $272,528 a day, assuming all else being equal.
Unless you want anyone with $273,000 a day to be able to own the Bitcoin network which is supposedly worth over a hundred billion dollars, then you need fees to increase significantly as coin rewards drop.
@_date: 2017-12-03 22:40:53


Why would it ever stop rising?
79% of all bitcoins that will ever be mined have already been mined. Supply rate is exponentially decreasing to nothing, and even before that happens the rate at which bitcoins are lost will surpass the rate at which they're produced. Supply can't keep dropping while demand keeps rising without the price rising. Of course if you follow that line of thought you reach a nasty conclusion about where this is all headed.


Base metal coins have been useful for over 2,000 years and are still useful today. Coins need to be worth more as a coin than as an asset otherwise people don't want to use them as a coin. The confidence that they will be worth more as something other than a coin is exactly the confidence you want to lose for a functional currency.
This is a natural market response to scarcity. You don't want people wasting gold for currency if it has more valuable uses and base metal coins (or paper) do a better job of facilitating trade. 
 Precious coins were plagued with problems: people would hoard them, clip them, melt them down, all as a result of being more valuable as an asset than a coin. They only had value as a coin because it was easier to carry 1 gold coin than 1000 brass coins, but paper notes made them useless for that too.  Precious metal coins are now all useless as currency.
 
when gold stopped being a useful currency it still retained value because there's huge demand for gold jewelry and gold is naturally scarce, and has no identical substitutes.
Bitcoin doesn't have any other value to fall back on once it ceases to be a currency and a speculative asset.
Bitcoin is not naturally scarce, its artificially scarce, has perfect substitutes and supposedly its valuable because its going to be the currency of the future. So when it gets so deflationary it ceases to be a currency why would someone value it over a substitute cryptocurrency that was actually a functional currency?
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:21:17
When Bitcoin hit $1200 for the first time it lost 80% of its value for a year and took 4 years to reach $1200 again.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:33:36
Out of the top 500 US retailers, only 3 accept bitcoin, that's down from 5 last year.
Japan recognizing bitcoin as a currency doesn't force anyone to accept it, its part of a wider set of regulations that allow bitcoin exchanges to be taxed and regulated like other currency exchanges. It says nothing other than there's a lot of money being traded on exchanges and the Japanese government wants to make sure it can control and tax it.


Why would you? The fees on bitcoin are fire higher than almost any other fiat payment method, and there's no consumer protections so if someone takes your money and doesn't deliver then you're fucked.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:37:16
People speculate on short term shifts in the value of currency and the relative value between currencies.
If you need me to be specific, then what I meant was that no one speculates on the long term value of currency like people speculate on bitcoin, although you could probably infer that's what I meant from context.
No investment fund just buys a bunch of dollars and then sits on them waiting for them to go up, because they don't go up. They might diversify risk by holding some amount of wealth in a broad variety of currencies, and they might try to profit from the short term variations in the value of currency but none have the strategy of "buy currency, wait a few years, sell currency", because that's a strategy that is guaranteed to lose money. Even if dollars have gone up relative to euros during that time, they will both be worth less than they were at the start.
Your link is only talking about these two forms of speculation, either profiting from short term fluctuations or arbitrage between different currencies. Currency is not a long term investment nor should it be treated as such.
Day trading cryptos is completely different from just buying a bunch of bitcoin and hoping they indefinitely increase in value faster than the market.
Useful currencies either stay the same or go down in value, because if a currency goes up in value for any significant amount of time it becomes more profitable to not use as currency than to use as currency, i.e. deflationary spiral
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:17:19


Do you actually use bitcoin or do you use a 3rd party platform like Coinbase or Bitpay? Because bitpay uses fiat as an intermediary. It just sells bitcoin and then transfers fiat.
Only 3 out of the top 500 US retailers accept any intermediary of bitcoin, and none of them accept bitcoin directly they only accept fiat through bitcoin services like bitpay.
Maybe in other countries its different but in the US it is not realistic to use bitcoin as a day to day currency, there is basically nowhere that accepts it directly. 
I've often seen people confuse being able to sell bitcoin to buy things with being able to use bitcoin directly as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-08 18:33:11


How does bitcoin become the currency if everyone is "hodl"ing and everyone is using fiat for day to day purchases?
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:30:17




Apparently its having an emotional melt down to point out the the use of bitcoin as a currency has decreased significantly over the last 3 years, but putting **FACT** in bold, followed by extremely basic descriptions of what bitcoin is, followed by insults, without addressing the actual point that bitcoin is getting less usable as speculation increases, is a calm unemotional analysis.




Wait so are you against trying to predict the future or aren't you?
Do you actually have an argument of why cryptocurrency is inevitably going to replace fiat? Or just more insults.
Ignoring that I was talking about bitcoin, not cryptocurrency. I've actually presented evidence to support my theory that hyper-deflation cripples the functionality of a currency. Whats your counter-evidence?
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:05:09
Reset to what?
If the input costs drop as much as the prices then nothing has changed, the relative difference is still the same you're just measuring it differently.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:18:38


The mining groups with the most hashpower get the most say in votes over protocol changes. These people have a direct financial interest to make sure bitcoin keeps increasing in value no matter what, regardless of how functional it is.
They're not going to make a decision that costs them millions of dollars but is better for everyone else.
@_date: 2017-12-31 19:27:51
Except there's only 1 tree for bitcoin that halves the amount of apples it produces every 210,000 apples, even though there's an infinite possible number of other crypto "trees" in the orchard.
Definitely not artificial scarcity though. The more scarce something is the more valuable is, which is why 42coin is such a great currency.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:06:48


But there's a reason why we haven't returned to gold now we've solved those problems of using gold as a currency.
It's the same reason bitcoin isn't being used as a currency which is its too scarce to match demand for currency. 
If you don't increase supply of currency to match demand then it starts being profitable to hoard currency instead of to spend it. When no one spends it, no one is interested in accepting it, so it stops being a useful currency. Iron and copper are still used in coins after over 2,000 years. No one uses gold coins as currency because they're too valuable as gold to use as a coin.
When gold stopped being a currency it didn't become worthless because its still valuable for other reasons, mainly jewelry, and the fact it has no true substitutes. Currently bitcoin is only really valuable as a speculative asset. For all the talk of how it will be the currency of the future and lightning will fix everything, if someone replaced all your fiat money with bitcoin and didn't allow you to use fiat as an intermediary, you would struggle to do anything you needed to use money for. Most bitcoin users are buying to hold, not to use.
When bitcoin stops being a speculative asset, unlike gold it isn't useful for anything other than being valuable. The hope that when the speculative bubble ends bitcoin will somehow have transformed into a useful currency is a huge gamble given the underlying problems with both the technology and the economic utility of deflationary currency.
@_date: 2017-12-22 23:25:11
Very caring, when a guy who got given a bitcoin for free 8 years ago tells a guy today to spend $5000 on a fraction of a coin and then to never sell (and bring the price down) no matter how much money they lose.
the very definition of altruism
@_date: 2017-12-26 14:03:18


If you can't spend it anywhere its not money. It's just wealth. Gold has been abandoned as a currency specifically because its too deflationary. No one will spend gold coins because they increase in value too fast, no one spends them so they're not useful for trading goods and services. 
 Gold isn't money any more than platinum is. The majority of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry. If people stopped buying gold jewelry the value of gold would plummet. But gold jewelry is an 8,000+ year human tradition so its not likely to go out of style any time soon.


The supply of gold isn't fixed. Thousands of tons of gold are produced every year. The supply of gold is at historical highs. It's just demand is even higher than supply.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:50:21


why do we need bitcoin then, if we can trust lightning network to run securely without a blockchain?
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:45:15


Literally not a single one of my arguments amounts to that. This is very lazy straw manning, up there with "they hate us for our freedom". 
I'd rather have a decentralized currency that worked better and cheaper than fiat currency. That's not what you're offering. You're offering a speculative asset that can't practically be used as currency for 99% of things I currently use currency for.
I'm not interested in a currency I can't use as currency, I'm not interested in an asset that is primarily just something people try to profit on by speculating on its price, especially when people don't admit that's what they're doing.


Banks don't run on gold they run on fiat. How do you think bitcoin is going to replace central banking by being like gold? 


It's a lot easier to get a credit card than it is to find somewhere that accepts bitcoin. Anyway I thought you said it wasn't meant to be a currency?


You already said bitcoin is an asset. How is buying one asset with fiat any more of a "hassle" than buying another?


you love bitcoin for its speed?
@_date: 2017-12-13 23:24:42
I'm not the same person you were talking to. 
Thanks for telling me the thread was over though, usually I just check back every couple of days until I'm pretty sure the person is done.
@_date: 2017-12-11 23:37:37


$10+ transaction fees and the vast majority of bitcoins that will ever exist already being hoarded by less than 1% of the population would say otherwise.
I'm sure billions of poor people funneling their money to less than 1% of the population so they can pay 10,000x more than its current owner did is good for poor people somehow. Why, if those early adopters hadn't have bought up all those bitcoins and made huge profits off hoarding them, then there would be exactly as many bitcoins available as there are today because the supply of bitcoins is fixed.


The only price bitcoin can stabilize at is 0. It's hard-coded for hyper-deflation. Supply halves at regular intervals, eventually supply will reverse since bitcoins will be lost faster than they're made. The only way it could stabilize above 0 is if the amount of wealth on earth happened to decrease at the same rate as the amount of bitcoin, and even then eventually there would be 0 wealth so bitcoin would also be worth 0


Gold isn't a currency, most demand comes from the jewelry industry.
It goes up in value because lots of people want it and its naturally scarce and expensive to get out of the ground.
 Eventually asteroid mining will be able to flood the market with gold and everyone will have as much gold as they like.
This is why "bitcoin is just like gold!" is a terrible analogy.


That's far better than bitcoin losing 80% of its value in a year.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:11:52


How rich you would become has nothing to do with how hard you worked.
you could have bought $100 of bitcoins 8 years ago, sit on your ass for 8 years and be a millionaire now.
or you could buy $50,000 of bitcoins 3 days ago and be down  from where you started.
@_date: 2017-12-24 15:45:35




If something can be too deflationary then it doesn't follow that the more deflationary the is the more valuable it is. It can be that the less deflationary something the is the more valuable it is depending on what the rate of deflation is. 
42coin is much more deflationary than bitcoin. It was $10,000 a coin a couple of months ago, now its $50,000 a coin.
By the logic that more deflation = better, then 42 coin is much better than bitcoin. Of course there are much fewer 42coins than bitcoins, so people point out that the market cap is a lot lower (while ignoring that the market cap for dollars is far bigger than that of bitcoin)
So when bitcoin needs to be defended against the dollar, price of the coin and being more deflationary is what matters, but when bitcoin needs to be defended against 42coin, then being too deflationary is a bad thing and market cap is what matters. 
These kind of contradictions are necessary to justify contradictory logic of deflationists.
Incidentally, austrian school economists (who are often cited as an inspiration for deflation because its seen as an antidote to inflation) didn't support deflationary currency. They opposed deflation as much as inflation.


How could Satoshi have set the deflation rate to be optimal without knowing in advance what the demand curve would look like and what the loss rate would be?
Economies are variable. How can you have a fixed supply rate that somehow adjusts to changes in the economy? If demand for bitcoin doubles or halves the supply rate stays the same. This clearly can't lead to an optimal supply rate. Even if it was optimal now, any change in demand would cause it to become unoptimal.
I think you need to consider more fundamentally what currency is useful for and why supply needs to meet demand.
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:32:32
It's interesting to see what hoops people will go through to justify how bitcoin isn't in a speculative bubble when the actual answer is so much simpler.
It's going up in value because supply keeps going down as more people keep buying it, and people keep buying it because it keeps going up in value.
Everything else could be exactly the same, in fact bitcoin be 10x faster and have 10x lower fees, but if the supply rate of bitcoin doubled every 210,000 blocks instead of halving, then all that "risk taking early adopter innovation" wouldn't be making anyone rich.
It's like saying the DeBeers corporation were radical innovators because they came up with the idea of buying up all the diamond mines in the world and then constricting supply so the price of diamonds would go up.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:49:44
That doesn't mean holding bitcoins at present is doing anything to help replace fiat currency.
You said you won't sell bitcoins because you want bitcoin to replace fiat and don't care about making money, but you also won't buy things with bitcoin while bitcoin is rising significantly in price (no reasonable person would).
If you really don't care about making profit then you should be spending them regardless of what the price does. But of course everyone cares about making profit, and people would rather make profit off bitcoin than use it as a currency.
This is not a trend that is going to change when hyper-deflation is hardcoded into the protocol. Bitcoins supply rate is as high as its ever going to be, its going to halve in a couple of years while demand keeps increasing. Do you think the price is going to stop increasing during that time?
People hoarding bitcoins without spending them because of price increases is exactly the kind of speculative behavior that leads price increases which encourages more speculation and discourages anyone from spending them. you are contributing to the problem you say you want to solve.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:29:55
bitcoin isn't a get rich quick scheme, its just a way of accumulating a lot wealth in a short amount of time with a minimal investment
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:22:51
So more value was lost when Mt Gox looked shakey than when it actually collapsed and went bankrupt?
Why did the price rebound months after Mt Gox collapsed and then gradually decline to a fraction of the peak?
Why was bitcoin price slowly declining for months after then if it was based solely on the back of one exchange collapsing?
Why did it take years to recover? It didn't take years to get functional exchanges back up and running
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:09:38


You don't have to hide transactions made in cash. Unless you're writing down all your transactions there's no way for the government to know what transactions have happened "without surveying every small or big business". It's still illegal to not obey the taxes and financial regulations of the jurisdiction.
All you're describing is tax/regulatory evasion through a pseudonymous online payment method with a permanent record, instead of through a completely anonymous payment method like cash.
If a business wanted to, they could say its not paying any employees and pay them in cash off the books and avoid all taxes and obligations on employing people.
There's a reason why every cash business doesn't evade all taxes because you actually need to pay taxes if you want to do things like buy a house. You can't just buy a house in cash without the government knowing. In order to get your property rights recognized by the government, you have to get the government to acknowledge a transfer of ownership. If the government acknowledges that you have bought a house then they're going to ask you to prove how you got the money to pay for it, and if you can't prove you got it without paying taxes they can take your house. 




"payment hubs" are financially regulated regardless of what currency they're operating on. Bitgold is heavily regulated. Every payment service that tried to operate without regulation has been outlawed.
"you can't outlaw a decentralized payment method" doesn't work if you're talking about a 2nd layer solution that basically requires "hubs", aka centralized 
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:28:20


If you believe this shouldn't you sell all your bitcoin now so you can afford to buy more when it drops?
@_date: 2017-12-25 14:56:17
Less than 1% of the worlds population were trading in tulips during tulip mania so this obviously isn't the case.
@_date: 2017-12-23 15:37:44
Doesn't quantum computing have the potential to break that?
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:05:16
First off, thanks for the polite and thoughtful reply addressing the concepts involved, it makes a refreshing change to being called a paid shill and being told to read Satoshis whitepaper. You raise some interesting points.


Zero inflation doesn't mean you need to have deflation. 0% inflation is also 0% deflation. Deflation distorts the value of money as much as inflation does, just in the opposite direction. 
I don't understand people who are bothered by inflation transferring wealth away from holders of money, but don't seem to mind that deflation is just reversing the direction of transfer. 
It seems people don't mind zero-sum transfers of wealth via the money supply, they're just bothered that they're not benefiting from it, and people can't print their own money but they can hoard a deflationary currency.


This is broadly true except:
1. Bitcoins are lost over time and there's no recovery mechanism, so its rate of economic growth + rate of lost coins. More coins will be being lost than made before we ever hit 21,000,000. If the rate of loss remains steady then it will accelerate over time as a relative percentage of coin loss (i.e. if 100 coins are lost a day, thats 0.01% of 1,000,000 but 1% of 10,000). It's also likely that the more people start using bitcoins the higher the rate of coin loss will become. 
2. Economies are still highly localized. USD are deflationary in Zimbabwe, but inflationary in the US, because the supply and demand of dollars is not uniform across economies. It's impossible to have a global supply rate for a currency that is optimum for every economy in the world unless the demand and supply in every economy is exactly the same. This is very unlikely to happen in our lifetimes. 
This would cause huge problems for economies if they tried to rely on something like Bitcoin. If 3.5% deflation is the perfect rate for one country then its either too much or not enough for countries with higher and lower demands for currency. National central banks are useful because they allow you to adjust the money supply to the national economy. If a country is going through a huge economic crash it has much different demand than one that is seeing 7% growth a year.


I don't know how it can leave the adoption phase when it would require decades of hyper-deflation at its current rate of adoption before it ever got there. Less than 1% of the earths population is using bitcoin. The demand for bitcoin will have to double many times before it sees even 50% adoption rate, by which time the supply rate will have halved several times.
you can't have an exponential increase in demand at the same time as an exponential decrease in supply without ever worsening hyper-deflation. It would take more wealth than all the wealth on earth to continue to fuel the current rates of demand for much longer. If any country was actually relying on bitcoin as a currency, 1000% deflation would have already collapsed its economy, and 1000% deflation is nothing compared to what would happen if demand keeps doubling and supply keeps halving. 
There's this hope that bitcoin will somehow get more stable as it gets bigger but it will only push deflation to more unsustainable levels. Next time supply rate halves is going to be brutal.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:50:52
It's being downvoted by people who know frangibility and deflation aren't the same things.
No matter how many times you divide 1, you cannot get more than 1 simply by adding up divisions of 1.
If you have 100 dollars, you can add as many decimal places as you like you still have 100 dollars. 
People who think frangibility is the answer to deflation haven't understood why deflation can be a problem.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:14:04
There are 1.3 billion people in China.
There are only about 400,000 bitcoin transactions per day.
Even if every single one of them was a chinese person, using bitcoin only once per day, that would be 0.03% of Chinas population using bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-13 21:29:21


I agree that saving bitcoin is using bitcoin. I disagree that automatically means you're using it as a currency.
You can save currency but that doesn't mean anything you can save is being used as a currency. You can keep your savings in gold, or shares, it doesn't make those things currency, or that you are using them as currency.
When I use the term currency it's a short hand for its primary definition of "medium of exchange".
Since its a common trope here that bitcoin will be a store of value first, and a currency later (or in fact just a settlement layer for other currencies), I'm not sure why its controversial to say its not being used as a currency. I never said it wasn't being used at all. There are even people here I've talked to, bitcoin enthusiasts, who insist that bitcoin was never meant to be a currency and discourage trying to use it as such, they think its a waste of transaction capacity, although they appear to be in the minority. most people seem to fit somewhere between bitcoin will become a currency once 2nd layer solutions come in and the price levels off, and bitcoin will be a settlement layer for other coins based on protocols better suited to being a mainstream currency.
@_date: 2017-12-29 11:45:09
Some coins might have protocols incompatible with lightning, but lightning can definitely work with coins that are similar to bitcoin:
@_date: 2017-12-06 19:18:37
Speculation can generate wealth in non-zero-sum systems. For example, recent speculation on gold increased the price of gold, which signaled increased demand for gold to gold miners. Higher profits on gold allowed new mines to open on deposits that previously wouldn't be viable. It encouraged people to start recycling gold from electronics which were note previously profitable to recycle. This increased the amount of available gold and so increased the amount of wealth. This hit an equilibrium where supply increased enough to match demand and so the price stabilized.
Speculation on things that are artificially scarce/zero-sum does not generate wealth. Take for example New York Taxi medallions. No matter how high the price of Taxi Medallions got, New York would not increase the supply of medallions. So the only way to get a Medallion was to buy it off someone who already had one. People quickly realized that because the supply is fixed and demand for taxis was growing, that you didn't actually need to drive a taxi to make money off a taxi medallion. You could simply buy up lots of taxi medallions (which made them even scarcer and more expensive), and then sell them on at an inflated price. People started to treat medallions as an "investment" instead of as a way of operating a taxi service.
Not only did speculation not increase supply of taxi medallions, but it actually took some out of supply since now there were medallions not being used by taxi drivers but just hoarded by speculators. These people provided no good, or service, they generated no wealth, they simply extracted wealth from others (taxi drivers and customers), by making it more expensive to get a medallion. This actively profited from reducing the availability of goods and services in the economy. This is rent seeking.
A lot of people made money from speculating on taxi medallions, until Uber came along and shattered the artificial scarcity by exploiting legal loopholes. Then a lot of people lost huge amounts of money when their $1,000,000 medallions lost 80% of their value in a couple of years.
Speculating on artificial scarcity of a currency is no different. Currency is simply a medium of exchange, the more people exchanging things the more currency you need. If the demand for currency increases and supply doesn't, then people will realize that you can profit simply by buying up lots of currency rather than actually using currency for its intended purpose. Then people who need currency to run their business have to pay you an inflated price, just like taxi drivers had to pay inflated prices for medallions. Artificial scarcity causes a feedback loop where when people buy, it gets scarcer so the price goes up, so people buy even more because they want to profit from the price going up.
Currency only generates wealth by facilitating trade. No wealth is generated by someone making it more expensive to get currency to trade with.
@_date: 2017-12-07 18:30:28


How does bitcoin "get rid of banks" without people using bitcoin for buying and selling goods and services?
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:27:50
what's the peak transaction volume that the test net has handled?
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:42:57


Flying cars have also happened. nuclear fusion has already happened
Are we months away from those things being viable for mass use?
nearly being in beta is not the same thing as being months from release. things have been in beta for years and have never been released. being close to beta means you're a long time off releasing.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:12:41
It's also why people warn against buying in at an all time and "hodling" no matter what as if its impossible for it to ever go down.
Opportunity costs go both ways.
@_date: 2017-12-09 16:17:20
How is the gap between rich and poor going in bitcoin?
A tiny percentage of the earths population own the vast majority of bitcoins.
hyper-deflation rewards those with the most money available to buy up bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:19:48
There have been bubbles in the stock market, housing, gold, typically things that have an unsustainable rate of growth. The entire stockmarket isn't a bubble because it grows proportionately to the economy. The total of the stockmarket can't be worth more than the total of the world economy.
The economy is not growing 1000% a year. If it was then bitcoins growth could be sustainable, but its not, so it isn't.


you think everything else in the world is in a speculative bubble and bitcoin is going to burst them all?
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:11:11


I never said it wasn't.
I said most demand for gold came from the jewelry industry, you said that's not true at all.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:14:33
You don't need advertising to get people to accept bags of coffee and cigarettes as currency in prison either, people just do it because its the most useful currency in there.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:49:37


Like using a centralized secure telecoms network instead of burning terawatts of energy in order to have a much slower and more expensive decentralized payment network?
Wait, not that kind of efficient use of shared resources, only the kind that makes me rich.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:11:50
If you saw some other cryptocoin start getting 100% gains per week, is there anything stopping you from selling all your bitcoin and buying as much of that coin as possible?
If you're just using bitcoin to speculate on then there's no network effects you need to worry about.
It's not like a social media where you need to get all your friends to move if you want to move. If all you are interested in speculating then you can switch what you're speculating on as fast as you can get your money out.
The only bottleneck is exchanges, which might crash if everyone tries to pull their money out at once, but that won't stop everyone from trying. That just means those who get their money out first will make the most money and those who get it out last will see the heaviest losses.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:41:42
That isn't answering the question.
Mt Gox didn't go down until February 2014.
bitcoins price already crashed from $1100 to $561, in less than a month, from November 30th 2013 to December 19th 2013.. this was a crash based on the psychological significance of going over $1000 to people who were speculating on price. It wasn't until 2 months later that Mt Gox went down and stopped facilitating transactions, at which point it had already lost most of the price it had at its peak.
Since I've now shown the price crash wasn't triggered by Mt Gox, I take it you'll now change your mind given that was the evidence you brought up to prove that it wasn't a bubble?
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:54:32




You would not believe how often this condescending "you obviously don't understand bitcoin, go read up on it and then come back to me when you agree with me" gets trotted out, and how poorly that would persuade you on anything if someone used it on you.
How about actually making an argument, and if you can't do that, why not just say nothing?


Brilliant points. I clearly see how I was wrong now.




any custodian can fuck you with bitcoin, as has happened repeatedly with exchanges getting hacked or robbing people.
the difference is there's no way to make all gold on earth worthless even if you've kept it secure 
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:14:22
However cheap it gets, opening 1000 channels will always be 1000x more expensive than opening 1. There'll also be much less need to close and re-open channels with a hub vs individuals
Even if it cost nothing, the time and convenience factor alone is enough to incentivize hubs.
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:26:22
Bitcoin is going to be worth TRILLIONS because its going to be a revolutionary new currency.
What's revolutionary about it?
It's a store of value that doesn't actually need to be used as a currency.
Why is it a store of value? Because its a revolutionary new currency that's going to be worth trillions.
Some people might call this circular logic, but its actually parabolic logic. Fiat dinosaurs just don't understand... SMH
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:23:05
The simplest form of the argument, which ignores many edge cases is this:
Currency is a means of trading wealth. For every unit of currency you have, there is a corresponding amount of wealth it can be used to trade. 
You do not directly increase or decrease the amount of wealth in the world by increasing/decreasing the amount of currency (ignoring commodity value a currency might have, like metal coin). If the government printed trillions more dollars, or destroyed trillions of dollars, it would not directly increase or decrease the amount of wealth it would just alter its distribution as held in dollars.
Currency only generates wealth by facilitating wealth generating trade or pareto optimizing distribution of existing wealth. Currency that never moves hands never generates wealth.
If you create one unit of currency for every unit of wealth you create then the value of the currency will remain constant (this gets complicated when you have hundreds of currencies and millions of economic goods that all affect each other).
If you increase the supply of wealth without increasing the supply of money, then the demand for currency relative to the supply of wealth will increase, and so does the price of currency. each unit of currency now represents a larger amount of wealth, despite the holder of the currency not having done anything. 
this allows for zero-sum rent seeking and creates an opportunity cost for using currency as a medium of exchange to generate wealth. If other people are generating wealth and the currency supply doesn't increase, then your currency will now buy more wealth. If you have 5% deflation then any investment that makes less than 5% returns isn't worth bothering with. This is what leads to deflationary spirals where initially currency holders make lots of money, but overall wealth generation goes down and eventually everyone is worse off.
The supply curve for bitcoin was (intentionally or not) designed almost entirely focused on incentivizing adoption rather than meeting demand for currency. bitcoin was massively over-supplied at the start (to encourage the very first adopters when bitcoin was worthless), and has exponentially decreased in supply to attract speculators and build confidence in early adopters that bitcoin would be worth something. If there was a planned 3rd phase where gradually bitcoin supply rose to meet demand then this might actually be a workable strategy for gaining mass adoption. but there isn't and as such bitcoin is destined to become hyper-deflationary and unusable as a currency for this reason.
some people conflate frangibility with overall supply and believe that simply dividing bitcoin into smaller fractions will compensate for deflation but it doesn't affect the relative change in the value of money which is the main problem with deflation, not frangibility.
Any functional cryptocurrency is going to need to scale somewhat with demand to remain functional and to avoid hyperdeflationary spirals. you can't exponentially decrease supply and have exponentially increasing demand at the same time without hitting a wall. people cannot continue to pay 10,000x more for a bitcoin than the previous owner for long before you quickly need more wealth than all wealth on earth to do so
gold coins struggled for thousands of years to still be used as a currency without people hoarding them, melting them down, clipping/shaving them, and we've been mining more and more gold all that time. gold only saw half the use it did as coinage because it was easier to carry 1 gold coin than 1,000 brass coins (paper/digital currency eliminated this advantage). gold supply is at historical highs its just nowhere near enough to meet the demand for coinage so people hoard gold coins and use plentiful copper, steel, zinc coins instead. when people say "bitcoin is like gold", they don't realize how much of a problem that is, especially when most of golds value comes from jewelry, not being a "store of value", and that gold is naturally scarce and impossible to substitute perfectly. we don't want gold to be scarce, and people are working on ways to get more and more gold (seawater extraction, asteroid mining) all the time.
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:43:22
Yeah, bitcoin is great for people who bought in when the cost (and risk) was almost nothing. Unless you have a time machine that's not particularly useful information.
It's a classic gamblers fallacy to think that you can predict the future just by looking at the past. If you're going to prove you can make accurate predictions you have to make them before the thing happens.
If you bought $15,000 worth of bitcoin 5 days ago you would have lost 30% in a matter of days. Only counting the wins and not the losses is another gambling fallacy.
There was a reason people were paying 10,000 BTC for a pizza, its because it was impossible to know how how much they would be worth in future.
@_date: 2017-12-27 13:58:39
Newegg actually never accepted bitcoin, they only accepted BitPay, which transfers fiat, not bitcoin.
Services like Bitpay are just selling bitcoin and then transfering fiat. It's not different than just selling your own bitcoin and transferring fiat although its slightly more convenient and expensive to get a company like Bitpay to do it for you.
It's funny how people though they were somehow transferring bitcoin when it took seconds to process a transaction and they didn't have to pay $6 for a transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:37:02
Bitcoin has already seen most of the growth its possible to see. It's gone from a few cents a coin to $10,000 a coin.
It can't see the same level of growth in the same amount of time without becoming worth several times more than all the wealth on earth combined. Unless you've been drinking deep from the crazy cup hopefully you realize why that isn't possible.
If you want to live the dream of turning $1,000 into $1,000,000, you need to find the next thing thats going to go from a few cents to $10,000.
Course no one can actually predict this, not even the self-proclaimed financial geniuses here. If it was possible to predict people wouldn't have been buying pizzas for 500 BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:30:04


How does holding bitcoin produce any value?
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:05:19


One of those isn't even past the tech demo stage yet, and the other has not yet been widely adopted.
That's not a lot to show for 8 years.
neither have actually fixed the problems that are getting worse
@_date: 2017-12-26 20:25:26
Visa only handles a portion of all the transactions that all "legacy banking" does. If you expand it to all the transactions handled by all banks then it does not help your case.
Do you think legacy banking uses 50% of all energy consumption on earth?
@_date: 2017-12-28 11:33:09


only two of those things are accepted as currency in multiple nations, one isn't.
Do you think there's no difference between a scenario where euros could only be used to buy and sell dollars and one where they can be used to buy and sell any goods and services in dozens of countries?
If you could only use euros to buy and sell dollars it wouldn't be currency, it would be an asset.
Why do you think some stuff you can directly exchange for goods and services and other stuff you can't, if the answer isn't "one is currency the other isn't"? if you think anything you can sell to buy goods and services is money then there's no difference between euros, bitcoin, gold, and amazon vouchers.


I mean, not if you're gambling thousands of dollars on bitcoin being valuable because its being used as money.
Bitcoins are only used as money in black markets. Everywhere else its used as a speculative asset, not as money.
If you thought cigarettes were money because they're used as money in prison you're going to run into a lot of difficulties betting on the future value of cigarettes. 99% of the value of cigarettes is not coming from use as prison currency.
@_date: 2017-12-24 14:27:51
Your response to my point that deflationary currencies like gold stop getting used because the incentive is to hoard them not spend them was to say "let me know if you need me to explain how bitcoin and lightning work".
Except neither actually work as a currency, so it doesn't dispute my point. Even bitcoins most ardent supporters have given up saying bitcoin is a usable currency and now say "its a store of value" that will one day maybe be a currency (or maybe not, some people say bitcoin is meant to be an asset and other coins will be currencies). Some people say that Lightning will solve everything and make bitcoin usable, except Lightning doesn't work as anything more than a tech demo so you can't say it "works".
It works in theory, bitcoin was meant to work as a P2P currency in theory. 
There are lots of software projects that took years to develop and had tech demos that failed completely. The fact its taken a long time is not proof it will work. Even if it does work it doesn't stop bitcoin being hyper-deflationary, so it doesn't change the incentive to hoard instead of spend.
Gold has been infinitely frangible and digitally transferable for decades now, there are already gold payment networks like bitgold that work better and faster than bitcoin, which disputes the idea that bitcoin is different than gold because gold isn't frangible or digitally transferrable.
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:24:41


So the ideal bitcoin is one that is used as little as possible? The less bitcoin transactions the better?
Doesn't it defeat the purpose of having a decentralized currency if all you ever do is trade it on centralized exchanges? Sounds a lot like a centralized banking system to me. The security of blockchain doesn't matter if you're trusting a centralized exchange to trade/store it for you. 
Also transaction fees are a result of price competition, not just volume. If someone is trading millions in bitcoin they can afford to pay a huge fee and have it only be a tiny percentage of the transaction. 100 people trading 1 dollars worth of bitcoin are not going to be willing to pay more than 1 dollar for a transaction.
@_date: 2017-12-18 23:54:02


Much fairer, no insults and an acknowledgment of miscommunication on both sides.
I'm happy to admit that I didn't understand the points you were trying to make, and that what I thought you were saying is not what you were actually saying so many of my comments were only relevant to what I thought you meant rather than what you actually meant, and that only contributed to the miscommunication. I just didn't like the idea that it must be down to stupidity or malice, rather than a joint failure to properly clarify terms and priors before debating them. 
In fact there was probably a bad faith assumption on my part which is where when you said something that i thought was obviously untrue (other techs seeing the adoption behavior of bitcoin), I was more interested in catching you out for saying something untrue rather assuming that you probably meant something else, and so went much further down that dead end than I needed to.


I agree that you can compare and contrast similar technologies or even unrelated technology, this was more of a sarcastic repetition of what I felt was an unfair dismissal of previous statements I'd made, not based on the underlying merit of the argument, but simply on face value of "this analogue is not similar to that analogue so it must be wrong", which I felt didn't properly address the substance of the argument. Although that in turn was based on a previous misunderstanding.
Bad analogies can lead to bad arguments but I always think its better to say why the argument is wrong rather than just focus on the analogy being wrong. If you explain why the argument is wrong it will be obvious why the analogy doesn't work.
I don't believe Metcalfe's Law doesn't apply to Bitcoin because "you can't compare bitcoin to faxes", which is a poor argument by analogy, but rather that 
1) bitcoins market cap has both significantly outperformed and underperformed metcalfes law, so doesn't show predictive power for real world evidence
2) the evidence that it does fit metcalfes law seems to involve fitting evidence to theory rather than theory to evidence : it redundantly squares daily transactions - the number of nodes is squared in metcalfes law because the number connections is a square of number of nodes (or n x log n) - transactions are already a result of these exponential connections - there's no need to square transactions even if you're using them as a substitute for nodes, using daily transactions rather than estimates for overall nodes (given the number of estimated bitcoin holders is much higher than those daily transacting is not a good substitute), y-axis fudging, generous use of line smoothing, selecting time periods when the correlation looks strongest. 
3) there's a clear confunding variable if you're comparing daily transactions to market cap: when there's lots of demand, there's likely to be lots of transactions, and when there's lots of demand there's likely to be an increase in price. Any formula that relies on such a confounding variable is going to see some level of correlation because that variable is going to see some level of correlation.
4) I don't think the network effects of currency apply to something primarily used as a commodity, which explains why bitcoin often doesn't follow metcalfes law. 


First off I'll say there's an inherent gray area involved in talking about something that can act as both a commodity and a currency. So the following involves some simplifications of talking about bitcoin as either a commodity or a currency when it can be both:
has bitcoin gotten better at storing value as the network increases?
It's certainly gotten more valuable, but I don't think price alone can work as metric for utility. Many things can skyrocket in price at the same time as being fairly poor stores of value.
IMO network effects of money come through use as currency. If you go from 100 to 1000 people accepting a currency, then the number of different trades that can happen increases exponentially. If you go from 100 to 1000 people storing an asset like gold, I don't believe there's an exponential increase in utility. You still only ever buy and sell gold for money, so how many people you can sell it to doesn't matter as much as who you can sell it to, as long as there is enough liquidity in the market that you can sell when you need it.
I don't think you can explain the recent increases in bitcoins value by increased liquidity, it's already been fairly liquid for years since reliable exchanges got established, and bitcoin still becomes illiquid during high trading volumes where exchanges tend to crash and unconfirmed transactions start to pile up.
Even if you define store of value as "how profitable is it to hold this asset", then 1000 people bidding $10 an ounce isn't more profitable than 100 people bidding $1000 an ounce. Network effect is only tangentially related to asset price. It's better to own an asset a few rich people want than lots of poor people want (i.e. rice versus platinum)
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:17:08
TIL its not doxxing if you can find it on google.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:20:10


Currency doesn't generate wealth unless it facilitates wealth generating trade. Currency generates no wealth if its just kept under a mattress.
Deflation doesn't encourage investment it encourages not using currency.
If the deflation rate is 5%, and investing in a company or loaning money to a start up will only get you 4% then you are rewarded for not investing and punished for investing. This is why people warn about deflationary spirals, because it discourages people from actually investing in business and encourages people just sitting on huge stockpiles of currency that aren't helping anyone. The less people are investing and buying goods and services the less profitable it is to try to generate wealth and the more profitable it is to just sit on currency.


The financial crisis was caused by over-leveraging in credit default swaps that was based on a speculative bubble in the housing market. It was caused by banks lending too much money to people to buy houses because houses were offering a high rate of speculative returns. It wasn't caused by too much inflation. It was a speculative bubble in two very specific assets, housing, and credit default swaps based on mortgages for houses.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:42:22
How does this not cause a deflationary spiral?
Bitcoin value goes up, so employee gets less to keep the value of their wage constant. The employee has less coin to spend, so the price of goods and services is lowered to keep pace with demand. Companies get a lower amount of coin for their goods and services, so they have less coin to pay their employees.
During all this time, the relative value of doing things like paying wages and buying goods decreases compared to the value of just keeping hold of the currency. If wages and prices are constantly going down then the longer you can avoid spending any currency the better off you are.
If you have a high enough rate of deflation (say 10%), then if you have a large amount of money there's no better investment for your money than just sitting on it. Any business you might invest in is not going to see that kind of return, and this becomes a self-reinforcing pattern, as the less people are investing money and buying goods and services the less money there is to make in starting a business and selling goods and services.
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:56:52


You don't mention deflation or artificial scarcity once, which are the only core irreconcilable problems I have with bitcoin.
So none of it could change my mind because none of it addresses the core problems I have with bitcoin. Most of it has already assumed that deflation and a finite cap are positive things, and then are trying to justify why the current status quo of bitcoin speculation is a positive.
If the premise an argument is based on is flawed, then it doesn't matter how logically correct the argument is it will still lead to a false conclusion.
This is why you can't just copy and paste previous statements into new arguments. Not everyone thinks the same things for the same reasons. Just because you've encountered bad arguments against your position doesn't mean that there are no good arguments.
Speculation and hoarding are a symptom of bitcoins problems, not a cause.


You can't just dismiss an argument because you've heard it before. I hear lots of the same arguments before but I realize that every new person hasn't been party to all those conversations before and doesn't deserve to be dismissed just because I think I've addressed those points in previous conversations with other people.
If you're not interested in doing the work of trying to prove your case you really shouldn't say anything, because then it just looks like the kind of people who support your cause lazily dismiss any criticism rather than taking it seriously. then any reasonable people watching will see one person making an argument and the other lazily dismissing it and assume that there is no good answer to the points raised.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:55:00
Bitcoin is by definition zero-sum. 
You can't increase or decrease the amount of wealth in the world by increasing or decreasing the amount of bitcoins.
If you could, then why didn't satoshi make it so as many bitcoins as possible would be produced?
Satoshi could have made it so every block found created 100 quadrillion bitcoins, or he could have set it so there would only ever be 1 bitcoin.
Neither decision would increase the amount of wealth because bitcoin isn't wealth, its a token for wealth. Increasing or decreasing the amount of tokens doesn't increase or decrease the amount of wealth it just increases or decreases the relative value of tokens.
@_date: 2017-12-24 20:55:24


People are already doing this with bitcoin.
The vast majority of trade of bitcoins is on exchanges and through payment services like Bitpay. Those are all regulated and use dollars (or local fiat) as an intermediary.
Which says its not at all about any of the things people say its about, people just want to make money off speculation.


You can send gold by mail quicker and cheaper than you can send anything on the blockchain during peak times. you can also get it insured which deflates the "but the mail isn't secure" argument.
It will be a lot more practical to trade gold after all the gold mines shut down or start mining another metal than it would be to trade bitcoin if all the bitcoin mines shut down or start mining another coin.
A tiny number of people are in charge of processing the blockchain. It is not decentralized at all. If they decide to move on to something else, or get shut down, bitcoin just becomes encrypted numbers that don't do anything. It's impossible to run bitcoin without heavily centralized computing which is trivially easy for the government to locate and shut down, and which requires government power grid and telecoms to keep running.
Gold stays gold regardless of what goldmines do.


I don't know a single retailer in the top 500 that actually accepts bitcoin, they only accept things like bitpay or coinbase which allow people to sell their bitcoin and transfer fiat, although the services make it look like you're paying in bitcoin because they hide the part where they sell bitcoin and transfer fiat.
No retailer wants to accept a payment in a currency that could lose 30% of its value in a day.
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:51:10
People buy diamonds for jewelry, anyone buying them as an investment is an idiot given they lose a huge amount of their value as soon as they're bought.
DeBeers had a total monopoly over the supply of natural diamonds and still owns a huge share so the price is artificially inflated via constricted supply, but so long as people prefer "real" diamonds to synthetic ones they have control over a highly in demand product.
The primary interest in bitcoin is making money off speculation. No one gives a shit about having a "real" bitcoin that goes down in value if they could have a "fake" bitcoin (altcoin) that went up in value.
Current prices are completely dependent on future increases in value which are unsustainable, especially at current growth rates.
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:43:10


If this was true, why would you want bitcoin to go "to the moon", given that speculation and price instability is heavily discouraging anyone from using bitcoin as currency and heavily incentivizing hoarding.
You should want the price to stabilize as quickly as possible so the vast majority of bitcoin users start spending them instead of just hoarding them.
Of course the price can never stabilize because there's a cap on the number of bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:26:51
Once you're emotionally invested in bitcoin going up forever no matter what, any critical analysis is seen as a threat.
You can't actually base your confidence in bitcoin on objective criteria like market share, volatility, transaction times etc without having to acknowledge that pretty much all of those indicators are much worse now than they were a couple of years ago, so all you are left is memes and blind faith.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:08:12


Millions of people around the world would die if GDP plummeted. 
GDP isn't just an arbitrary number, its a measurement of all the wealth produced in a nation. If the amount of wealth being supplied drastically decreases, then the amount of wealth available to do things like build factories, grow corn, produce power, run hospitals will drastically decrease.
You can't have any more wealth than what you generate.
The price of goods and services would skyrocket relative to peoples wages, as people can only be paid in wealth that has been generated.
Its the poorest who will suffer because they can least afford necessities of life like food.


How is food monopolized? Anyone can grow food, anyone can buy or sell food outside of some very basic regulations to avoid people selling harmful food.
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:54:38
Nah, once the remaining 20% buy in, then its only going to go higher from there. We can start to see 200, maybe 2000% of people buying in. 
Exponential growth.
the first 100% is the hardest.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:37:42
you haven't explained how its "very expensive in terms of freedom and human suffering"
Government is going to tax people regardless of what currency they use, and the only time you need to use government currency is to pay taxes, which makes the inflation rate irrelevant since you can just convert to that currency and instantly pay taxes losing nothing in inflation.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:08:05


Who says other coins can't build just as robust networks as bitcoin but quicker? Just because something is taking a long time doesn't mean its time well spent. All these networks are still a tiny size of their potential.
I don't see any measurable benefit that bitcoins "integrity" has compared to other coins that are based on largely the same technology.
Interfacing with offchain solutions is a much bigger security risk and it doesn't seem to stop anyone. 
Even if bitcoin has better "integrity", how much more integrity does it need to outcompete other coins on things like transaction time? At a certain point getting more "integrity" isn't going to get you any more users.


I guess since Bitcoin is perfect then it can never be replaced.
Facebook stole Myspaces crown not by being 10x faster or 10x cheaper (all of which are possible to beat bitcoin at), but just by being slightly better designed. Myspace had a MUCH lead over Facebook than Bitcoin has over competing coins, but still managed to squander it.
So long as people are peddling the "bitcoin isn't meant to be a currency yet, its an asset, its the new gold", then network effects are irrelevant, because commodities don't rely on network effects. Hardly anyone actually uses gold but it doesn't matter because you don't need lots of people using gold for gold to valuable.
The gap between Bitcoin and the 3 closest coins is much smaller than. It's unreal to pretend that somehow there's some huge gulf between them that can never be crossed.
@_date: 2017-12-05 23:58:43
Why would you only look at the last year? Was it impossible to buy bitcoins 4 years ago?
If for some reason you want to narrow it to this year then there were still times you could have bought in and sold at a lower price than you bought in.
Regardless of the price you bought in this year it could be lower next year.
You can't say its impossible to lose on bitcoin just by narrowing your view only to the times where bitcoin has risen in value.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:46:25


Adoption isn't increasing. Daily transactions are no higher than they were 6 months ago. More money is pouring in because the bubble is continuing to grow but its use as a currency has not grown.
More speculators just increases the risk and volatility because the more people you have who only bought in to make money, the more people you have who will sell when it stops making them money. These people are also wasting very limited transaction capacity on speculation which discourages anyone else from using it for trade.


There are a dozen other coins based on exactly the same technology. There are coins that are both quicker and cheaper to transfer. But none of them are as profitable to speculate on and that's the primary interest in cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:43:27


3,100 tons of gold are mined every year. Gold production is at historical highs.
Gold price still increases even when supply is higher than ever because demand is also higher than ever.
The value of a currency is relative to the amount of wealth divided by the quantity of currency.
If you increase the quantity of wealth without increasing the quantity of currency, then the relative value of currency increases.
Currency only generates wealth by facilitating trade, and a currency that is more profitable to hoard than to use for trade generates no wealth, which is why deflationary currencies don't work, because they reward not using the currency over using it.


The point isn't that no one would be able to trade bitcoins the point is that the price would become hyper-deflationary and so useless as a currency. And since bitcoins value is not backed by anything other than its use as a currency it would become worthless as an asset.
When gold became useless as a currency, gold was still valuable because there's still huge demand for gold jewelry, and because gold is naturally scarce. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:27:27


BitGold is already deflationary and far better than bitcoin in terms of speed, fees and transaction capacity, though its still not quite as cheap as fiat (as bitcoin will never be so long as it requires terawatts of energy and energy continues to be scarce).
If what people really wanted was a deflationary currency that was roughly as functional as fiat then they already have it.
No one gives a shit though because its not better than fiat and if you want gold you can just buy it with fiat, you don't need to use gold as a currency just because it appreciates over time.
Bitcoin is popular because it offers speculators 1000% annual returns, not because its a useful currency or will be a good currency, not because its a good "store of value".
Money is for facilitating trade, not saving. If you have a bunch of money that you don't need then trade it for something you do need. Most people spend their entire paycheck the month they get it. The rate of inflation that happens during that time is barely noticeable.
Deflationary currencies don't work. Walk into a store with a gold coin and fiat coin and try to spend it. Try persuading the merchant that the gold coin is a much better store of value so they should want to accept it more than the fiat coin.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:26:10


This is an important point. The hyper-deflation of bitcoin makes it unusable for loans and future agreements, which are required for any kind of long term economic planning.
You cannot agree to pay someone 500 bitcoin for a project that takes a year to complete, because the value of bitcoin could be radically different by then. You might have to pay 10x as much value, or half, no businesses can operate with that kind of uncertainty.
i can't agree to pay someone enough to buy a car, and then when payment comes I have to pay them enough to buy a house.
This is why everyone still denominates bitcoin in dollars, because whilst 100 bitcoin might be worth radically more or less 6 months from now, $10,000 is going to be worth roughly the same amount minus 0-2% annual inflation.
People seem to take a naive view of deflation. They see inflation only as theft, yet somehow the gains from deflation are just free money and aren't coming at anyone elses expense.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:03:29


I'm not sure what made you think I was referring to something different.
Supply of money needs to scale with demand to avoid monetary inflation or deflation. If supply outpaces demand you get inflation, if demand outpaces supply you get deflation, regardless of whether its because demand rose or supply fell or vice versa.
If you have a fixed money supply you're guaranteeing deflation unless economic growth grinds to a halt. I thought it was already clear that our main disagreement was whether deflation was a good thing or not, not what causes it.


You're going to need to describe that in more detail. If you're referring to what I think you're referring to, this is a zero-sum fallacy, that somehow not spending money frees up resources. 
Most resources are not zero sum in the economy. Wealth is generated, not just redistributed. If you buy a ton of steel, the cost of production was factored into the price, which means the steel producer gets money to create more than a ton of steel.
In this way buying resources can increase the availability of resources, not decrease it.
The only resources this doesn't apply to are ones like real estate, radio-frequency space, etc, which need to be regulated as commons to avoid monopolistic rent-seeking.
Hoarding money does not generate any wealth. The "frees up resources" argument is a zero sum fallacy. Burning the money would also "free up resources" by this definition, but it is not generating any wealth, its simply redistributing wealth to other people with money. The act of hoarding money is simple rent-seeking on artificial scarcity of an economic utility. Other people need money for trade so they'll give you more for it if you artificially restrict the availability of money than if you don't, even if you yourself are not doing anything of value.
Thankfully there's no laws forcing people to use deflationary currency which is why deflationary currencies get abandoned, even when the supply isn't fixed (like gold coins).
 
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:19:48
How does bitcoins price going up over time help anyone in Venezuela?
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:11:38
If you assume there are no duplicate/dead accounts and those are all american accounts and there are only 1 million other bitcoin users then that's an accurate number of how many bitcoin users there are in the US
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:22:26
"If you send me a dollar, I'll teach you how to be rich"
"okay, here's a dollar, how do I become rich?"
"You tell people you can teach them how to be rich if you send them a dollar"
This is what 99% of "motivational speakers" amount to, except they're usually not as honest. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:38:44
The first line was sarcastic. It's not a wise investment. There are plenty of things you can use money to invest in that will actually be worth more in 20 years. Money is a medium of exchange, you're not meant to keep hold of it you're meant to use it to exchange things you want for things other people want. If you want a store of value you can use money to buy it. Money doesn't need to be a long term investment, it needs to facilitate trade.
The 2nd line was a genuine question.
money only generates wealth by facilitating trade. If you bury money for 20 years it hasn't facilitated any trade and so it hasn't generated any wealth.
why should you be rewarded with greater purchasing power? If you want a functional currency you need to reward people for using money, not reward them for hoarding it.
If you have a currency that rewards people for hoarding it ceases to be used as currency, which is what happened to gold and is what is happening with bitcoin.
Complaining that you buried money for 20 years and it was worthless when you dug it up is like complaining you buried a sandwich for 20 years and it was worthless when you dug it up. Food is for eating and money is for trading.
If you want something that will still be valuable in 20 years then use money to buy something that will still be valuable in 20 years.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:33:24


How do you figure that?
Inflation is at 2%, which results in no noticeable decrease in purchasing power between getting paid and spending it, especially because prices lag at staggered rate.
If  monetary inflation was 0% government would just raise taxes by the equivalent amount to make up the short fall.
@_date: 2017-12-25 15:08:31


Hubs will be financially regulated just like exchanges are now if they are handling any significant amount of traffic.
The government isn't going to let people conduct billions or even millions of dollars of transactions in an unregulated system.
@_date: 2017-12-24 17:58:39
If deflationary currencies are a good thing, why did people stop using gold coins as currency. Surely gold becoming more valuable would only increase peoples desire to use gold as a currency, no?
@_date: 2017-12-18 17:38:32


the gold bubble continued to grow for years after the economy had recovered from the financial crash.
Even if this wasn't the case, the reason why something is a bubble doesn't stop something from being a bubble.
Uncertainty is a common cause of speculative bubbles, though there are many other causes (artificial scarcity, liquidity crises, cheap credit, herd behavior, moral hazards, government subsidy etc)
The defining characteristic of a speculative bubble isn't a particular reason for the bubble, but unsustainable growth that later turns out to be far above what underlying demand for an asset would warrant, and so results in a large market correction.
Some bubbles take a long time to inflate and weeks to burst, some come as quickly as they go. duration is not the defining characteristic of a bubble.


It applies to disprove the claim that bubbles can't take place over long time periods. I never claimed the bitcoin bubble is just like the housing bubble, I brought it up as an example of a bubble that took a long time to burst, when it was suggested that something can't be a bubble if it lasts for years.
That the exact reasons behind the housing bubble don't apply to bitcoin doesn't mean there can't be other reasons that apply to bitcoin.


The gap between the price of an asset at its bubble peak and its underlying value is not the defining characteristic of a bubble. Tulips still have some underlying value (not as much as houses or gold obviously) even if no one is trying to speculate on them. people like to buy them for their beauty as a flower. The tulip industry is worth hundreds of millions of dollars a year. tulips didn't become worthless.
If bitcoin ceases to be a currency, and ceases to provide speculative returns, what will it be valued for? "store of value" is not an answer when there are many more less volatile stores of value with more consistent and predictable rates of growth.
gold ceased to be a currency, then it ceased to be what currencies were pegged to, but it still remained valuable because the majority of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry and the demand for gold jewelry outpaces supply. gold is naturally scarce and has no readily accepted substitutes. even rarer metals like platinum are not as in demand as gold for jewelry, which is why even though platinum is several times rarer than gold its not several times more expensive.
bitcoin is as in demand as it is because it is providing insane rates of speculative returns, 1000%+ a year. it's clearly the primary motivator of demand, you only have to look around any bitcoin forum to see how 95%+ of the discussion is about how profitable it is to hold bitcoin, not how reliable it is as a store of value, or how useful it is as a currency. and that is from people who are supposedly more knowledgeable about bitcoin than the average bear. when bitcoin stops providing those returns (which it has to, because they're not sustainable), then all that demand disappears. you're just hoping that by the time that happens, the demand for it as a currency, and as a stable store of value will be the same as the demand for when millions of people believed that every dollar they put into bitcoin would pay 10 back in a year.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:22:03
Now do one for Napster, Myspace, Netscape Navigator, Nokia, Walkman and Minidisc.
@_date: 2017-12-18 14:38:06
You have to pay bitcoin fees every time you load money onto your card.
You also have to pay fees unless you spend over a certain amount a year, which is the same way other cards can afford to give you shit for free (like rewards/cashback) because they make money from having your money.
If its anything like Bitpay, there will also be hidden "network costs" that they don't call transaction fees or commission, which they hope you won't notice. If they don't have these costs now they'll be introduced later so less people notice they're paying them.
I'd also be interested in seeing what the effective exchange rate ends up being.
Currency exchanges often get away with offering "0% commission - no fees", which is true. It's just they give you a bad exchange rate so they still make their money anyway.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:50:33
Well I was wrong to say nation without making it clear that I meant in a hypothetical where bitcoin was the only currency.
However even in the hypothetical where bitcoin was only a currency in one nation it would still heavily disrupt the internal economy.
Most trade happens within national borders.
Currency like the Yen has gone up in value significantly relative to other currencies due to deflation, but it hasn't made Japan any richer, in fact GDP has been stagnant in Japan for nearly 20 years, because even though it makes imports cheaper, it comes at the expense of discouraging trade inside Japan.
Again fundamentally currency is not wealth and increasing the value of currency doesn't increase the amount of wealth it just changes how much wealth you can exchange with each piece of currency.
This can make individuals richer relative to other individuals but it can't make an entire economy richer because you haven't changed the amount of wealth in the economy you've just changed the relative value of the currency to the economy which is often destructive to the economy because it can encourage unproductive economic behavior.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:33:56
the whole idea of a blockchain cryptocurrency was so you didn't need to a centralized network to facilitate transactions (although the claim its truly decentralized is pretty flimsy given how concentrated mining is, and how a high enough concentration of mining can be used to break the underlying security)
if you're saying a centralized network can be trusted to facilitate transactions without those transactions occuring on the blockchain, then there's no reason you need the blockchain if you're only using it to settle transactions. you could just use a regular centralized gold payment network which already exists. they're already well regulated enough by the government to make sure they can't just steal peoples gold.
gold would be much more reliable, there's no 51% attack for gold, it doesn't require all the gold mines to keep mining gold to be valuable, gold can't be replaced by any other metal, quantum computing doesn't have the possibility of breaking the underlying technology that gold is based on
course there's a reason there's no big hype over bitgold and other gold based digital currencies, even though the transaction times and costs are far superior to bitcoin. it's because gold makes a shitty currency because its too deflationary.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:14:01
I thought bitcoin was going to collapse the corrupt financial system and all their restrictive government regulations?
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:57:48


Don't think about that.
Lightning is going to fix everything. It's going to pay off my mortgage and resurrect my dog. Go shill for Bcash somewhere else.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:48:52


Facilitating debt is a crucial use of currency in the modern economy. It's extremely sub-optimal not to let business to borrow money to invest.
If a company needs $10,000,000 to build a factory that will produce $2,000,000 of wealth per year, its a huge opportunity cost for them to have to save for 10 years to build that factory, when that factory could pay for itself in that time if you loaned the money up front.
It's hard to argue that bitcoin is the currency of the future when you're saying it won't be able to facilitate debt for "a very, very long time". That means no country will be able to adopt it as a mainstream currency for a "very, very long time", because basically every country of any size relies on debt to function.


Well you didn't address the main point of that argument which is that currency isn't wealth, and just because currency you increase or decrease the amount of currency it doesn't increase or decrease the amount of wealth.
Deflation allows people to accumulate wealth by hoarding currency which discourages trade and collapses the economy. Currency only generates wealth via facilitating trade, 1000% deflation guarantees as little trade as possible will happen, and since currency is only valuable relative to the quantity of wealth it represents this is ultimately self destructive.
It's a category error to think that because if you as an individual own bitcoin and it goes up in value that makes you richer, than if all of society owns bitcoins and it goes up in value then everyone is richer.
Currency going up or down in value doesn't increase or decrease the amount of wealth in the world, it just changes the relative value of currency to that wealth. And if you make currency far more valuable than all other forms of wealth then people stop trying to produce those forms of wealth and just focus on getting as much currency as possible.
30% annual deflation is enough to seriously cripple an economy if its not resolved quickly. 1000% would destroy any economy on earth. Whatever currency was deflating that hard would be abandoned almost immediately because no one would be able to use it.
@_date: 2017-12-12 16:24:22
I meant to say if you were forced to use only bitcoin now, without using fiat as an intermediary, you would find it basically impossible to use as currency.
Which is what my argument is. The fact it is valuable doesn't make it currency. It's valuable because its artificially scarce and provides speculative gains.
It's popular here to say that the reason its valuable is because it will be such a useful currency but they're actually separate. Bitcoin can still be valuable to speculate on even if it never becomes a useful currency.
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:17:52


Why would it have been a bad idea to sell at 500 and then buy back in around the 200s?
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:21:54
How does shouldering that risk produce any value?
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:14:44
Most of the things you listed are examples of technologies being replaced by another technology or a different version of the same technology. There are almost no examples of the original version just being updated over time. People aren't using an upgraded Nokia or an upgraded walkman.
The OP is called "why I don't think Bitcoin is a bubble", not "why I don't think cryptocurrency is a bubble".
"the internet" wasn't a bubble, it didn't mean pets.com wasn't a bubble.
@_date: 2017-12-20 22:16:32
A tech demo doesn't prove it can work.
Plenty of vaporware has had tech demos. There's lots of things you can make a usable demo for that you can't scale.
@_date: 2017-12-12 15:23:41


This wasn't some mistake or inherent problem with fiat, it was a deliberate attempt by the Weimar government to hyper-inflate the currency as an attempt to deal with the consequences of the Treaty of Versailles, mainly war reparations and the occupation of the Ruhr. They were running printing presses non-stop printing trillions of marks, they weren't somehow unaware of what this would do to the value of marks.
Germany would arguably have been more fucked if they hadn't hyper-inflated their currency, since collapsing the value of the currency got them out of a lot of debt because no one cared about collecting debt in a currency that wasn't worth anything.
The UK, US, and France eventually realized that destroying the German economy wasn't going to benefit them so they agreed to let a lot of debt go, and the focus changed from trying to punish Germany to trying to help their economy stabilize.


None of those things matter since we started issuing paper certificates, and then digital records for currency. Gold was traded as paper for a long time before gold stopped being currency, before even the gold standard.
You can carry any amount of gold in paper as you want, and you can split it as much as you want. You can trade 0.00000000001 gold atom digitally if you wanted to.


Your english is fine, don't worry.
@_date: 2017-12-13 15:54:10
People aren't being paid in bitcoin, they're paid in fiat and then buy it with bitcoin. The switching fee is the cost of putting that money into another coin instead of bitcoin.
As it happens you are right, that if you only had $5 of bitcoin, the current transaction fees are so high it wouldn't be profitable to try and cash it out. This would be one reason someone with only $5 would not want to save their money in bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-26 23:10:24


If having 90% of market share didn't stop it dropping to 42%, its hard to see how having 42% will stop it from dropping further.
If one of the only advantages of bitcoin is that its the most popular, then it loses one of its only advantages as it loses market share. Name recognition is a double edged sword when crashes in bitcoins price will make the news but crashes in other coins won't.
The same applies to the "network effect" arguments. Network effect wasn't enough to save Myspace, it won't be enough to save Bitcoin especially when its much easier to switch from one coin to another than it is to get all your friends to switch to a new social media network. It needs to be a better coin, not just a more popular one.
Network effects are overstated for something that mainly sees use as a speculative asset. You don't have to worry about your new coin not being accepted by merchants or used by your friends if all you're doing is buying and selling it on an exchange. Most of the exchanges buy and sell multiple coins already, and even let you directly trade one coin for another. You also don't have to completely switch over all at once, you can gradually diversify in other coins.


Which is why you rarely get a market leader in a particular field of tech for more than a couple of decades. Though it rather undermines the "store of value not a currency" arguments when the store of value is dependent on market dominance in an area as innovative and competitive as tech.
Cryptocurrency is especially vulnerable to this because as soon as it becomes well established, no one wants to change the protocol for fear of risking destabilizing the coin or triggering a fork. Innovators can just focus on making the best protocol and can adopt new tech much faster.
@_date: 2017-12-21 13:57:57


Anything in any store in the US, and most stores in Zimbabwe worth $1 or less.


It's not a currency if no one accepts it as currency. Only 3 of the top 500 retailers in the US accept any bitcoin related payment system and all of them involve something like bitpay where it requires selling bitcoin for dollars and then transferring dollars, although this is done behind the scenes so people can believe they're spending bitcoins.
Anyway I thought everyone agreed now that BTC was never meant to be a currency, its a "store of value" and a "settlement layer"
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:42:47


Except exchanges, miners and developers.


Why would exchanges, miners and developers be interested in working for the advantage of everyone rather than the advantage of themselves.
would miners want to push for a change that made bitcoin more useful as a currency but dramatically lowered the amount of money they were making?
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:33:57


If something has always gone up in the past that means it will keep going up forever.
That's basic logic. It's physics. 
Take a look at the stockmarket right now. Pick any share that is at an all time high and that is a share that has always gone up over the long term. Invest in that share and it will NEVER go down again. This is stock trading 101 but its surprising how many people don't have strong enough hands to understand it.
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:31:55


Doesn't sound like a good store of value if you could invest millions into something that becomes worthless because of another competitor becomes more popular.
The deflation of bitcoin is far more disruptive than the inflation of fiat in any developed nation. 2% annual inflation does not stop people from using a currency. 1000% deflation does. Contrary to popular belief, bitcoins deflation is only going to get worse as the supply rate keeps halving. The only way it could stop deflating is if the demand for bitcoin keeps halving at the same rate as supply.


Fiat currency is already as close to instant and free as bitcoin is likely to get considering it has to burn terawatts of energy to process a fraction of transactions that VISA does. The only argument is that "inflation is a like a tax". So everyone switches to bitcoin and the government just takes a hit on tax revenues? No, they just increase the taxes on something else, likely that new currency everyone just started using.
Picking 2 examples of were a government deliberately hyper-inflated a currency to death doesn't mean a hyper-deflationary currency is a good idea.
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:42:30
Less than 1% of the worlds population owns every bitcoin in existence. That's not better.
1,000 people is far less than 0.7% of the earths population.
@_date: 2019-07-11 21:59:39


53% of gold goes to making jewelry. Another 9% goes to making electronincs, 1% to dentistry, 6.5% to other uses. Only a minority of gold is "sat in dark rooms doing absolutely nothing".
If people stopped buying gold jewelry the price of gold would collapse.
But its true, gold isn't a very productive asset which is why its not a good investment except if you like gambling on trying to sell a piece of metal to someone for more than you paid for it:


@_date: 2017-12-13 15:44:07


There were 75 million people using Myspace at its peak, it didn't save it. There's only 10-20 million people with bitcoin in the entire world.
Speculating on bitcoin doesn't have any of the same switching costs or network effects as being on a social network.
If everyone is on facebook and you want to switch to another social network, its useless unless you can persuade all your friends to switch as well.
It's perfectly possible to speculate on multiple cryptocurrencies all at the same time. In fact there are coins now increasing in value faster than bitcoin. All a coin needs to do to attract speculators is increase in value faster, which will inevitably happen because the exponential growth rate of speculative bubbles is inherently unsustainable.
@_date: 2017-12-23 14:29:42


Turn into?
Have you seen the front page of this sub lately?
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:34:54


that's when supply was better matched to demand. Supply rate has halved since then while demand has more than doubled (and most of that demand has gone from people who want a currency to people who want 1000% returns on investment). The worse the gap between supply and demand grows (which is hard coded to the protocol), the more hyper-deflationary and unusable as a currency it will become.


How do you anticipate "gentle" deflation when you're going to keep halving the supply until eventually the supply will reverse (due to lost bitcoins) and yet you expect exponential growth in adoption of the currency (from less than 1% of the earths population to I'm assuming at least 10%, if not 50% or 100%)


Just like how everyone uses gold as currency now because its grown in value but the USD hasn't? don't bring up frangibility or ease of payment as reasons why this hasn't happened because you can use trade gold digitally more easily and more cheaply than you can use trade bitcoin, almost no one does though. because its too deflationary, even when thousands of tons of gold are mined every year.


Or supply of bitcoin could just be increased to meet demand so that market cap could increase without the individual unit price increasing which incentivizes hoarding and rent seeking which is actively harmful to its use as currency.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:57:09
That doesn't even make any sense.
Many commodity goods are sold at just barely above the price it costs to produce them. You think the price of all those goods is going to plummet well below the cost if takes to make them?
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:35:17


The majority of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry, and a little bit from electronics and other industries.
Gold became useless as money because it was too deflationary. Gold kept increasing in value too fast so no one wanted to spend gold coins when they could spend copper, iron, zinc, brass coins instead that wouldn't go up in value that fast.
People would shave gold coins and melt them down because it was more valuable as gold than as currency. 


When you buy gold, the demand for gold goes up, and gold miners make more money, which allows them to mine new deposits of gold. Bitcoin supply is fixed so no matter how many people buy bitcoin there won't be anymore than there was going to be anyway.
Neither is strictly investing, but money spent on gold causes more gold to be produced, money spent on bitcoin doesn't. Speculation on gold is self-regulating because if the price gets high enough it makes it affordable to extract more gold. There's more gold in the oceans than on land, its just too expensive to profitably extract. If demand for gold got high enough we would start extracting gold from seawater, and if it got even higher we'll extract it from asteroids and other planets.
Scarcity isn't a good thing, we want as much gold as possible. Gold being expensive is a product of it being naturally scarce. Bitcoin being expensive is a product of it being artificially scarce.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:30:06
A bunch of those technologies got rapidly superseded.
How many people are still buying CDs?
How many people are still buying film cameras?
How many people are buying Nokia phones?
How many people still use a Myspace account?
Even if you ignore that Bitcoin is not the technology but just one of many cryptocurrencies, plenty of technologies had a quick rise only to disappear just as quick when a new better technology came out.
@_date: 2017-12-11 21:54:50


How are communities that don't have access to banks supposed to be able to exchange bitcoin for local currency? Do you think you can buy building materials with bitcoin in Mozambique?
Even if there wasn't already perfectly good ways for people to donate to build wells in peoples villages, the idea that the massive price rises in bitcoin are down to people who want bitcoin to donate to build wells and school in africa and not rampant speculation is crazy.
1,000 people own 20% of bitcoins. Bitcoin is something a tiny number of people are getting rich from speculating on, its not some tool for the poor man even if that's what you wish it could be.
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:27:50


I agree that this is the crux of the issue, except with the framing that suggests resources are simply allocated, rather than generated. theoretically there might be a fixed amount of matter/energy on earth, but we're nowhere near utilizing all of it so in practical terms we can increase the amount of available resources rather than just redistributing existing resources. its not zero sum.
Buying a good does not increase its price or decrease its availability if the money can be used to generate more of the good at a lower price. Buying up DVD players didn't make DVD players more expensive it made them less expensive because profits from sales were reinvested in better manufacturing methods. If less people bought DVD players it wouldn't have made them cheaper by "freeing up resources", it would have just taken longer to get the money to improve manufacturing.


If you're right that it achieves optimal levels of spending then you're right, but I don't think you've demonstrated the premise that investing in yields below the "natural rate" is a drag on the economy, it assumes a zero sum framing of resource allocation whereby if you invest in something below the deflation rate, that means resources are being diverted from something that has a higher yield.
it also assumes that the "natural rate" must be the result of productive allocation of resources in the economy, and can't be the result of rent-seeking.


prices going lower doesn't necessarily make things more affordable if people have less money. During the great depression the purchasing power of the dollar increased significantly. It didn't make people richer because they just got paid less. because prices kept dropping, a deflationary spiral occurred where people dramatically reduced their spending, which caused businesses to go out of business, which caused people to lose their jobs, which caused those people to not be able to afford goods and services, which caused even more businesses to go under.
In the Great Depression it was much more profitable to just sit on $1000 than to try and invest it in a business that would just go bankrupt because no one was buying anything. Deflation hit 35%, and there are almost no businesses that could provide such a high return so investment plumetted. It was not because any investment that returned less than 35% was "sub-optimal".
@_date: 2017-12-25 22:10:27
That article doesn't deny there was a speculative bubble in the tulip trade, they dispute the idea it was a widespread crisis, which I never said it was, in fact I specifically said it only affected a tiny number of people:




The collapse of bitcoin wouldn't affect all levels of society, and wouldn't cause a collapse of the industry in any country.
That article doesn't disprove that there was a speculative bubble in tulips, its just a clickbait headline for an article that says there were some exaggerated stories about how widespread and ruinous it was.
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:48:07




I can't show any simpler that I did in fact ask what you said I had never said.
This description clearly matches the description of behavior when I talk about buying up cars and not using them. If you want to argue that bitcoins aren't not being used as currency because they're being saved, that's a separate argument to whether I'm lying about asking about that exact same behavior.
Unless you're going to try and say its a lie because I paraphrased rather than directly quoted what I asked (which is obviously pedantic when you've used paraphrasing yourself), then you're left with the only argument being that it was a lie because when I said "this", I wasn't referring to what I had just described before saying the word this, but in fact I was referring to something completely different. And I'm now lying about doing that because I like to misuse the word "this" and waste time making pointless lies on the internet.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:50:49


Plenty of gamblers say they have a winning system. Some even write them into books. If you ask the winning roulette wheel players what their system is you won't get any better answer than if you ask the losers. The fact they won is not proof they had a winning system. It's just survivor bias. 
The white paper is a bad example of a prediction, since Satoshi intended bitcoin to scale properly and to be used as a peer-to-peer currency, not to fail to scale and become a ~~speculative investment~~ "store of value".
The words "store of value" don't appear once in the original white paper, neither do "settlement layer" or "second layer solution". All those things have since come about as explanations for why bitcoin is still valuable and not a speculative bubble even though its failing to do the things Satoshi intended and predicted it would do.
There's plenty of other coins with white papers that all claim it can be the currency of the future. Are all of those right? How do you know which ones are right and which ones aren't? By waiting to see which ones win?
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:35:34
A social media network is only as useful as the number of people using it. Didn't stop Facebook from stomping Myspace even though Myspace had a huge head start and market lead.
No one is actually dependent on bitcoin to use as a currency so there is very little switching inertia. If some other coin started speculating faster than Bitcoin it would cost almost nothing to sell all your bitcoin and put it all into that new coin.
It's not like a social media network where you would have to convince all your friends to come join the same network.
@_date: 2017-12-08 17:46:16
How is increasing the number of onchain transactions going to help scaling problems when there are already too many transactions for bitcoin to handle?
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:22:43


I thought the whole world was meant to benefit from cryptocoins replacing fiat. No matter what coin wins we're all winners right?
@_date: 2017-12-11 19:32:08
Where are you getting that information from?
According to [this source]( average transaction fee has not been under a dollar in over 6 months, it hasn't been below 5 dollars for a month.
48 hours is not a realistic amount of time to wait for currency transactions to go through. 1 hour isn't. Is some Ugandan coffee farmer going to wait 48 hours at a market to see if his transaction goes through, when he can use paper currency instantly and with no transaction cost?
It would cripple the ability of market traders to trade if they had to wait even 30 minutes for each transaction to go through, let alone either pay 30 cents on each transactions or ask their customers to.
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:47:30


The average car driver in the US drives at least 20 miles a day.
If there were millions of people who owned cars but never used them and only bought them because they expected them to be worth more in future then people might rightly have some worries about whether cars are actually useful or whether people are just speculating on them. Especially if the cars didn't work properly but everyone said not to worry because they're working on an after-market attachment that will make it usable.
No other network technology saw this kind of adoption behavior. People didn't start buying up fax machines and waited until everyone had a fax machine before they started using them. People started using fax machines right away, and the more people that had them the more useful they became which is how the network grew.
Not only are bitcoins not becoming more useful as people continue to hoard them but its actually becoming less usable as transaction capacity is overwhelmed by all the speculators. This is going to actively retard the growth of people who want to use it as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-17 19:39:16
So if the price gain isn't from network effects of currency but is in fact due to people speculating on anticipated increases in price, why would you say that its not comparable to tulips, when people were buying tulips for exactly that reason? Sounds pretty comparable to me.
both of them were transformed into speculative assets whose values were separate from their intended purpose due to market behavior and scarcity.


The best way to distribute the token more widely would be to have a mechanism that caused the supply rate of bitcoin to scale with the demand rate, rather than to just have the supply rate exponentially decrease regardless of demand into an arbitrary fixed cap, which is a recipe for exactly the kind of artificial scarcity and speculation which disrupts use of the currency.
The best way to get people to start using a currency is to get as many people trading in that currency as possible, and the ability to speculate on a currency is directly harmful to that.
@_date: 2017-12-14 20:12:06


What about all the predictions made about coins that didn't come true?
This is survivor bias. It's like asking lottery winners how they came up with the winning numbers. 
If you get 1000 people to invest in 1000 random shares, some of them are going to make huge gains, it doesn't mean you can follow their advice and make the same gains.
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:55:32
Bitcoin is designed to be hyper-deflationary, it can never stabilize.
right now bitcoins are being produced at the fastest rate they will ever be, and its still woefully insufficient to meet the demands of less than 1% of the worlds population who are not even using bitcoin on a daily basis but are mainly just irregularly buying and holding and occasionally cashing out.
The supply rate of bitcoin is going to half in the near future, and then half again, until supply drops to absolute 0. In fact supply rate will reverse long before the last bitcoin mined since coins are gradually lost over time with no recovery mechanism.
All the while more and more of the population are supposed to be adopting bitcoin. People who prophesize bitcoin will replace all fiat somehow think demand is supposed to go from less than 1% of the population to 100%, at the same time the supply rate is actually going down, not up, and there not be catastrophic hyper-deflation.
This "everything will work itself out/lightning will solve everything" attitude is not based on any underlying economic theory but wishful thinking that we can make a bubble that will grow forever and never burst.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:11:35


Most people have less than $1,000 in savings but thousands of dollars in debt, often hundreds of thousands in the case of mortgages.
Inflation is beneficial towards people with debt, because it erodes the value of the debt over time.
The kind of deflation bitcoin sees would crush anyone who attempted to borrow money in bitcoin. If you got a $100,000 mortgage in bitcoins last year, with $500 monthly repayments that mortgage would now cost $1,000,000 to pay off and have $5,000 monthly repayments.
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:18:27


Per transaction energy costs are far higher with bitcoin, as you'd expect with something that has to do proof-of-work using huge amounts of processing power to confirm a transaction versus a centralized network where you don't have to do proof-of-work.
The only reason bitcoin uses less energy overall is because there's far less transactions.
@_date: 2017-12-19 19:39:03
1000% return is what bitcoin has seen this year, I didn't say it would continue. I specifically said it was unsustainable for any significant length of time
Someone said it was a get rich quick scheme and i made a joke by saying its not a get rich quick scheme its just a way to accumulate lots of wealth with minimal investment in time and money. the joke is that's just another way of saying get rich quick scheme
Apparently though you're so certain that I'm saying something else it doesn't actually matter what I say, you just want to try to catch me out on what would be a completely pointless lie.
@_date: 2017-12-15 15:24:22
I wasn't being serious, I was just seeing if I could write some absolute nonsense and get it upvoted because it said fees going up was a good thing.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:03:02
Cheers bro, good lookin out.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:02:32


This is not where the value of bitcoin is coming from.
A small percentage of people own the vast majority of bitcoin there currently is and will ever be, and they're not living in 3rd world countries.
It's people in the top 10-20% of wealth buying up lots of bitcoins to speculate on future price increases. These people are driving up demand and reducing supply, they're making bitcoin less affordable, not more.


Bitcoin is completely unusable for peer to peer transactions in the 3rd world. Do you think people who get paid a dollar day can afford to use a currency who's average transaction fee is several times greater than their daily wage?
@_date: 2017-12-12 20:52:38
Dollars aren't good at holding value over the long term but they're the most widely used currency in the world, and one of the hardest because of the strength of the US govenment and the status of USD as a reserve currency.
Gold coins are brilliant at holding value but they're a terrible currency. Try buying anything with a gold coin and see how well "its a great store of value" works on getting them to accept it.
Cigarettes make a better currency than gold coins do.
"currency has to hold value" is a myth invented by speculators. Out of the top 5 most popular currencies in the US not a single one holds value over the long term.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:17:27
Tulips gained far more than that in a month.
BUT YOU CANT COMPARE BITCOIN TO TULIPS BECAUSE BITCOIN IS A REVOLUTIONARY NEW CURRENCY ITS NOT A SPECULATIVE BUBBLE BUT ITS ALSO NOT MEANT TO BE USED AS A CURRENCY ITS A STORE OF VALUE LIKE GOLD
If you want people to believe bitcoin isn't in a speculative bubble you need better answers than "but look how fast the price has increased!"
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:51:54
The conflicts of interest most relevant in the current climate would be whether you have holdings in any particular coins, not just whether you're working on a software project.
If you're going to make an announcement on a big news channel that might have some impact on the price of coins, that is the kind of conflict of interest people would be worried about.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:14:25


The very person I was talking to said it was centralized (or rather will be) but that isn't a problem for LN, so you're disagreeing with both of us and trying to start a different argument entirely.
If LN works by having a few large hubs that everyone connects to then its a highly centralized network. That is the only way you can make LN remotely reliable or efficient. Routing every transaction through hundreds of nodes that all need to be online and have enough funds in, or having each user have hundreds of open channels at a time is not feasible.
Trading a decentralized asset on a centralized network doesn't make it a decentralized network. Bitcoin is also not very decentralized. It's had over 40% of hashing power concentrated in a single mining group before, and you only need 51% to completely break its security.


If you can't actually explain your ideas without resorting to "you don't understand like i do, you need to go read", then you perhaps don't understand them as well as you think you do. 
Unless you're just lazy and can't be bothered with a proper explanation but can be bothered to just assert your own intellectual superiority which is just a pointless ego stroking exercise.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:52:07


Japan has had 20 years of stagnant growth with typically less than 1% annual deflation.
The Great Depression was triggered with 33% deflation.
Bitcoin is currently being supplied as fast as it will ever be supplied. In a couple of years the supply rate will half, while you expect the demand for bitcoin to double and keep doubling until it has hit mass adoption.
How do you think a currency with an exponentially decreasing supply rate, that will eventually be 0, and will start to drop in absolute terms due to lost coins not cause catastrophic hyper deflation?


You think bitcoin will replace fiat and fiat will become worthless right? So its irrelevant what bitcoin does to the price of fiat, we're talking about what it will do to economies that rely on it as a currency.


This is not how currency works. When you buy something with money it doesn't make the money lose value.
People using a currency to trade an asset doesn't make the currency worth less, it makes it worth more. The more goods and services are traded by a currency, the more valuable that currency is. The value of currency is determined by the quantity of currency and how much wealth is traded in it.
If you're buying and selling bitcoin in dollars and not buying or selling anything in bitcoin you're just adding to the value of dollars.
@_date: 2017-12-01 22:02:15


Sounds like a wise investment strategy.
Why do you think there should be a reward for burying money?
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:43:57
Trade school.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:21:50


If you give your friend a watch to go to sell and buy you a pack of cigarettes with the money, that is also one step. It doesn't mean you bought cigarettes with a watch. 
Two completely separate exchanges are happening, a watch for money then money for cigarettes, you're just getting someone else to do it for you. It doesn't make it 1 exchange just because you're getting someone else to do it. It doesn't matter how fast they do it, its still using something else as a medium of exchange.
Money is defined as a medium of exchange, not just something you can get someone to sell for money that you can then use to buy something with. That definition is meaningless, it applies to anything you can sell. If you exchange an apple for money, and then you use that money to buy an orange, it doesn't make apples a medium of exchange. No one would accept an apple as money just because you can sell apples for money and then use the money to buy something else.
Even if you trade the apple directly for something, bartering is not the same thing as currency.
The number of steps doesn't matter. What matters is what people are actually using as a medium of exchange. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:18:13
No one speculates on (**edit for clarity**: the long term value of) an actual functional currency because functional currency doesn't indefinitely go up in value or have wild swings in value that prevent it from being used as currency.
The only way to make money from a functional currency is to use it for trade, which is the entire purpose of currency.
If you have a currency that is more profitable to keep buried in your yard than to use for trading goods and services then it is not a good currency, and no one will use it as currency.
@_date: 2017-12-27 15:22:33
I should have been clearer to say that its hard-coded to deflate for the level of demand we're seeing.
Bitcoin could have inflation if demand wasn't growing, because the number of bitcoins is still growing, but demand isn't going to grind to a halt as long as people continue to use it. The only way for bitcoin to avoid deflation is for the adoption rate to start decreasing which is obviously not a great thing for a currency you want people to adopt.
Almost every other currency in human history has had some mechanism to adjust supply to demand.
When we had shell currencies, people would gather more shells if they were more in demand, less if demand went down. We'd mine more gold when the price of gold went up and less when it went down.
Gold became too deflationary to use as currency just because supply couldn't increase fast enough, not that it was actively decreasing. Gold supply has been increasing for the last 100 years, but its just not fast enough to meet demand, so no one wants to use gold coins as currency when they keep getting more valuable.
@_date: 2017-12-26 22:33:22




Bitcoins market share has halved in the last year. They're not waiting for anything.
Cryptocurrency is in its infancy. The chances of the very first one to market being the market leader for decades is incredibly low. Think of any first to market in tech and see how many are still market leader 10-20 years later.
Other closed-source technologies had much greater head starts and market leads than bitcoin has over its competitors, and even those lost out to innovators, and bitcoin is handicapped by being much harder to make revisions to than software that you don't need consensus on to make changes to.
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:35:13
you started by saying I was lying again, saying I never said something I just directly quoted me saying.
your entire case for saying that I'm lying is based on you thinking the word "this" refers not to something I just wrote in the same paragraph, but to something in your head that you hadn't yet written. Rather than acknowledge you misunderstood what "this" was referring to, you'd rather call me a liar. 
This is such a fundamental error in parsing sentence structure that there's absolutely no way we could discuss anything more complicated until we agree on basic definitions of words like "this".
feel free to insult me some more if you like, I generally find that helpful in getting people to understand your point of view, and furthermore shows everyone else that you are better-informed and simply trying trying to politely educate.
@_date: 2017-12-10 14:26:26
That's 2 less than 3 years ago. Plot that exponential growth if you can.
Also as mentioned they're not really accepting bitcoin, they're accepting things like bitpay, which are impossible to work without fiat currency, so they are in no way replacing fiat currency, bitcoin is simply an asset that is being bought with fiat and then sold for fiat when a transaction needs to occur.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:53:51
Opening a channel is expensive, not running the node.
Centralized is encouraged because its cheaper to open one channel to one hub connected to 1000 people than open 1000 channels connected to 1 person each
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:40:23
You're not worried about that being a sign that actually most of the demand for bitcoin is just from speculators who will move on to something else as soon as it stops providing speculative returns?
Why would employers want to start paying their employees bitcoin if they can pay them something that doesn't increase in value instead?
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:50:41


Bitcoin only hit $100 a little over 4 years ago. The bubble didn't start when bitcoin did.
Even from 2013-2016 the price stayed relatively stable. 
And there was in fact a bubble that burst in 2013. It took 3 years for bitcoin to recovery to the price it hit in 2013.
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:51:29
I had hoped it would be clear from context that when I said no one speculates on the value of currency, I was talking about speculating on its long term value like is done with bitcoin.
People speculate on short term fluctuations on currency value, and on the relative difference between currencies. This is day trading, arbitrage and risk mitigation for people who need to hold wealth in currency. It is not the same thing as thinking "I think dollars are going to be worth more in 5 years time so I'm going to buy a bunch of dollars now". No one thinks that.
No one profits or attempts to profit from just buying up a bunch of currency, sitting on it for a few years and then selling it because its guaranteed to be worth less than when you bought it.
you bring up stocks and shares which is something completely different. Buying shares entitles you to a portion of the business. Some people speculate on the future value of businesses because some businesses increase in value over time. There can be short term scams like Theranos, but in the long run speculation is unsustainable if its not backed by underlying value of the company.


The great depression involved a crippling deflationary spiral which caused a huge drop in economic productivity by encouraging currency hoarding at the expense of spending money on producing and purchasing goods and services. I'm not sure how you think a currency designed to be hyper-deflationary is going to avoid those issues.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:31:10


Isn't this a good thing?
Money being invested in wealth generating projects generates more wealth than money sitting under a mattress.
If it was more profitable to keep money under a mattress than to invest it in something that produced goods, why would anyone invest it?


I mean there's no meaningful minimum purchase on deflationary assets. You could buy a single $100 gold coin if you wanted to, or even cheaper gold jewelry.
Money doesn't need to keep its value for long periods of time because you can just spend it. No one spends deflationary money so its not useful. Gold got abandoned as functional coinage even though we've been increasing the supply rate for the last 100 years, we just can't produce it fast enough to make a coin thats more profitable to spend than to hoard.
@_date: 2017-12-20 23:09:46
I was trying to make an absurdly sarcastic post that no one could possibly take seriously, but given the amount of people who read this as serious, the bitcoin community has some major problems.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:17:56


Out of the top 500 U.S. retailers only 3 accept Bitcoins, down from 5 in 2014. 
Almost all the places people say accept bitcoin aren't accepting bitcoin, they're accepting a 3rd party payment platform like bitpay, which takes peoples bitcoins, sells them for fiat and transfers fiat to merchants.
Merchants don't care what asset you're selling if you still pay them in dollars. You could be selling corn syrup or bottle caps as long as they get paid in usable currency.


That link specifically mentions bitpay, which means the person selling the house didn't accept bitcoins they got paid in dollars.
You'd have to be crazy to buy or sell a house using bitcoin directly. The swings in value are so large you could be up or down $20,000+ from the time of signing the papers to actually transferring the bitcoin. If you're a millionaire who can afford to buy a house, in cash, then you can probably afford to gamble on winning/losing 20k when buying/selling a house, but this is not a realistic example for the average person.
@_date: 2017-12-07 12:41:52
Because people are accepting it now that means they're always accept it no matter what, forever?
People are accepting it now because they believe it will be worth more 6 months from now than it is today, and because its currently the most popular crypto. What happens when people believe it will be worth less 6 months from now than it is today? What happens when its no longer the most popular crypto?
Plenty of coins have seen permanent decreases in their value with no rebound.
There is nothing stopping Bitcoin from being replaced by another cryptocurrencies, or cryptocurrencies in general from being replaced by a new technology. Especially when the majority of people aren't using them they're just speculating on them.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:29:21


That's volume of currency, not volume of transactions though.
You can't assume an even distribution of trades in accounts. Given how less than 1% of people own 20%+ of bitcoins you can bet a small number of accounts are making a disproportionately large number of trades. Millions of addresses only have a few cents worth of bitcoins.
125 million uses is still well below the 380 million which is 5% of the earths population.
@_date: 2017-12-10 22:11:19


I was proving how something doesn't need to be a store of value in order to be a currency. It doesn't need to be comparable in any way other than being an example of a currency that never was a store of value.


There are plenty of other examples of decentralized currencies that didn't follow this pattern. Shell currency for example. People didn't hoard shells for years until everyone had a shell and then decide to start spending them. Use of shell currency grew organically because it was a useful currency. Shells were rare enough to be valuable but common enough to facilitate trade. It didn't matter that people kept finding more and more shells and there was effectively no limit to the amount of shells, because the rate at which new shells were found was fairly steady which made it stable enough to be currency.


If they've been using fiat currency all that time why would they suddenly decide they have to spend something that no one is accepting as currency and that is infinitely going up in value?
Why wouldn't they just continue using fiat as currency and keep bitcoin as an asset? I thought the whole point was that bitcoin is a "store of value" now. If you have both bitcoin and dollars why would you spend bitcoin instead of dollars? Dollars aren't going to go away just because a bunch of people are hoarding bitcoins.
Assets don't become currencies just because they get super valuable. 
@_date: 2017-12-09 22:47:47


1. GDP growth was much higher in the 20th century (during the adoption of fiat) than it was in the 19th century. [SOURCE]( The correlation is opposite to what you suggest.
2. Gold was also money for the preceding 2000 years, it was money during the Dark Ages, which was the longest period of economic decline in recorded history. Even if you were right about the 19th century having more growth than the 20th, you can't just pick the industrial revolution and say gold was responsible for the huge growth in living standards and ignore the thousands of years where we had gold and almost no growth in gdp or living standards.


In order to believe this you have to believe that not a single country in the world, not even micronation tax havens were interested in the massive benefits of remaining on the gold standard, even though getting off the gold standard actually took time and effort.
That no politician is either intelligent or greedy enough to realize that since government money comes from taxing GDP, that if they allow a currency that leads to more GDP growth, their government will become richer and more powerful.
It also involves things like ignoring the fact that the worst economic crisis in US history was caused by hyper-deflation caused by reliance on the gold standard.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:15:03


Which is odd because the vast majority of the demand for bitcoin is coming from people in the 1st world who are looking to get rich off speculation, not poor africans.
Less than 1,000 own nearly 20% of all bitcoins there are.


the mark up on bitcoins is far higher than that, which is a bad argument if you're saying that the problem with US dollars is that they're expensive for people in poor countries to buy.
Deflation in Zimbabwe is a significant problem since they switched to the USD dollar and struggled to get enough supply to meet demand. I'm not sure why you think a hyper-deflationary currency is the answer.
No one in Zimbabwe is using bitcoin as a currency. If everyone was using bitcoin as currency there would be no demand for USD and other currencies. A very small number of people (rich zimbabweans) are using bitcoin as an investment and a way of getting money out of the country.
@_date: 2017-12-22 19:46:22


That technology is open source and is being rapidly innovated on by hundreds of different groups.
Unless you divide your crypto holdings evenly among all coins, then you're not betting on the technology, you're betting on a particular version of the technology, the first version.
You could have bet all your money on Alta Vista being the number 1 search engine, but you wouldn't betting on search engines. The fact Alta Vista was one of the first and most popular search engines doesn't mean it was destined to become a multi billion dollar company
bitcoin is heavily handicapped by its headstart because its extremely difficult to get everyone to agree to changes because there's so much money at stake. everyone already has a strong interest in keeping the protocol the way it is, which is why its taking so long to get very basic changes adopted.
@_date: 2017-12-23 17:59:28
Who holds the numbers matters less than how the value of the numbers is secured.
Having the private keys for your own bitcoin won't matter if a mining group gets 51% hash power, or miners move on to another currency, or quantum computing breaks the encryption that bitcoin relies on. You don't hold what is valuable at any point, which is the network of miners and the security of the technology.
Something like Bitgold has multiple layers of value security, the first one being the value of gold which you can redeem and hold physically, the second being insurance for the gold in its vaults, and the third is the power of law to enforce the contract and regulate their behavior, which will last for as long as the government does.
As long as Bitgold is up and running you can redeem your numbers for actual gold, and since you're only using bitgold to pay/receive then you wouldn't have most of your savings in their system anymore than you would have most of your bitcoin on an exchange.
Closing a "channel" might take more time with gold, but the underlying value is much more secure and the fees are lower, and the payment system is faster and more reliable.
For the record I don't think any deflationary currency is a good idea, I think using gold as currency is a waste of gold, but if centralization of payment is the solution to bitcoins problems, I don't see why we need bitcoin.


@_date: 2017-12-24 22:44:31


the stats im referencing are adjusted for inflation, if they weren't the growth rate would be much higher.
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:03:13
you're only allowed to bring up inflation when it makes fiat look worse.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:04:54




This should really be in the side bar to calm down some of the manic exuberance around here that is going to get gullible people in a lot of trouble.
Far too often you hear insane shit like its impossible for bitcoin to ever become worthless and its always a good time to buy, even when bitcoins market share has dropped below 50%.
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:01:59
Good article, but I think you could probably lose everything up to "the value of cryptocurrencies".
I appreciate the instinct to start at the basics and build up the argument from there, but I think your target audience will just dismiss it as too condescending and simplistic before reading any further, and most of the interesting points are in the 2nd half of the article.
@_date: 2017-12-19 13:21:06


You don't have to buy a whole bitcoin.
1000% returns on $500 is still going to make a lot of money fast if it continues for any length of time.
We might not be seeing 10,000% gains, but 1000% is still well beyond anything a reasonable investment can return for any length of time.
The S&amp;P 500 has returned 9.8% a year for the last 90 years on average, which outperforms the average hedge fund considerably.
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:07:58
Bitcoin being the first doesn't mean its not survivor bias to just look at what coins succeed and which don't and use that as proof of who had the right predictions.
There were lots of first to markets in the dotcom bubble, it doesn't mean you could accurately predict which companies would become Amazon and which would become Pets.com.
Looking at the past to predict the future is a classical gamblers fallacy. You need to be able to predict the future before it happens, not just look back at the past and say "the guys who picked the winner knew what was going to happen".
No one has been able to prove they can accurately predict what will happen with the coins markets ahead of time. You will always be able to look back at the past and find winning predictions because of survivor bias. If you predict bitcoin will go up and I predict it will go down, one of us is going to be right.
If you have 10,000 people predict a coin flip 10 times in a row, at least one of them will get it right every time. It doesn't mean they actually predicted anything.
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:06:03
Getting someone else to sell an asset for fiat and then transferring that fiat to a merchant on your behalf isn't spending that something as currency, its selling something for fiat and then using fiat as currency.
you could get someone to do that with literally any asset tradeable on an exchange, gold, oil, soybean futures.
In fact you can get a debit card that does the same thing with gold. It doesn't mean any merchants are accepting gold.
@_date: 2017-12-13 22:40:41
Do you even hodl bro?
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:58:56


The gold bubble and the housing bubble inflated for longer than that, and neither gold nor housing have returned to the price they were at at their peak. It's been 10 years and house prices in some areas are still lower than they were at the peak.
its a myth that speculative bubbles can only exist for short spans of time.
It's also a myth that there's been mania for 8 years straight. There was a burst of mania 4 years ago when bitcoin hit $1200 for the first time, then it lost 80% of its value and took 4 years to recover.
There's been another burst of mania at the start of this year which is also clearly not sustainable.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:56:21
Isn't it a bad sign for the currency that the only way to consistently measure the salary is in local fiat?
This is not much different than just giving the employees 10,000 yen and telling them to buy bitcoin with it, except its the employer who are paying the fees instead.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:08:04
@_date: 2017-12-09 20:02:08


79% of all the bitcoins there will ever be have already been mined, and they're already in the hands of a tiny number of the worlds population.
There's no opportunity cost of not being able to "buy" up all the dollars. If you bought dollars a year ago they'd be worth less now so you can't profit just off buying up lots of dollars. No one is getting filthy rich because they bought up 79% of the dollars there will ever be in the first few years of the dollars existence and now can sit back and make millions off other peoples work since they're now forced to buy in at a higher price if they want to use dollars to trade.
The only way you can profit from dollars is to use them to facilitate profitable trade.


This isn't a great argument when the number of hacks on exchanges is much greater than the number of hacks on banks. You can say "don't keep your money in an exchange then", but you can also say "don't keep your money in a bank then".


No one should be storing any great amount of wealth in currency. Currency is for spending, not storing. If you have lots of money and you want to store it you should buy something valuable with it and store that.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:08:28
Shouldn't you be comparing it to how much electricity networks like VISA consume?
Christmas lights are also bad for the environment, which would be a good argument not to use christmas lights if there was something that worked better than christmas lights and used far less power, but there isn't.
6TWh/year is based on handling 4 transactions a second.
Major interchange networks like Visa are handling thousands of transactions a second, and are capable of handling tens of thousands a second during peak times.
What kind of power consumption would bitcoin be taking up if it was handling 10,000+ transactions a second?
The US uses 10 TWh a day, so 3,650 TWh a year. Even if you assumed bitcoin scaled super efficiently in terms of power consumption, and could handle 2,000x the volume using only 20x the power it would still be using huge amounts of electricity compared to traditional payment methods.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:31:37


It's not explaining anything because the networks aren't analogous. They operate on completely different mechanisms. There is no equivalent of committing funds to open a channel on a centralized interchange network. The fact you need money in your account to spend it (which isn't true on a centralized interchange network, precisely because it runs on a different mechanism) has nothing to do with the fact that on lightning you have to commit money to channels in order to transact because that's how it transfers money through nodes.
It's a superficial similarity (you need money to spend it) that is not even superficially correct, and doesn't explain the differences and drawbacks in how the networks work.
debit cards network connectivity is not limited by the amount of currency available to each participant on the network. You can have a million accounts with only $1 and they're just as connected to the network as if they all had $10,000. 
This is not true with Lightning Network. If you have a million accounts with only 1000 satoshi to commit they are much more limited in potential connectivity than a million nodes with 100 bitcoin. This is a dynamic which is going to heavily encourage centralization. One of the only ways to avoid requiring huge amounts of money committed to channels is just to have huge centralized nodes that everyone connects to so you don't need to have lots funds committed to lots of different channels.


You can arrange for an overdraft. The point is that you don't need money sitting in millions of peoples accounts to operate the network. People emptying/closing their account doesn't affect other peoples network connectivity.
That is not possible with Lightning Network. That is a major distinction. If you want to ignore it for whatever reason so be it. It puts major limits on decentralized scaling if you need every account to have some money in it at all times in order to function as a node on the network.
@_date: 2017-12-05 19:41:51


In anything.
If no one is willing to accept bitcoin as payment for anything it doesn't matter what its valued in, the value is still 0.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:34:50


Bitcoin isn't a network good if no one is using it as a currency.
Money has network effects because the more people using a currency, you get an exponential increase in the number of possible trades. If you have 1000 people with a currency then there are more than 10x the number of possible trades than if only 100 people have it.
People are confusing increased price from scarcity and speculation with utility as a currency. You only need to look at the daily transactions to see there has been no exponential increase in trades. The price has gone up exponentially because the demand has gone up exponentially while the supply has gone down exponentially. This is a much simpler economic rule than governs network effects of currencies.
The number of people hoarding a commodity does not exponentially increase the value of that commodity. Otherwise the most valuable commodities would be the ones that most people owned, yet often the most valuable commodities are only held by a tiny number of people. It doesn't matter whether you have 1000 poor people hoarding 1 bitcoin or 100 rich people hoarding 10, the impact on scarcity is the same. There is no network effect from hoarding by definition.
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:04:14
Why is this being upvoted?
Lightnings own developer say its in ~~"early alpha"~~ "alpha".
Anyone saying it could be implemented in a couple of months doesn't know what they're talking about and shouldn't be listened to by anybody.
@_date: 2017-12-19 14:14:46


I think you're misreading my comments. I have no idea why you would assume I think that from anything I've said. 
bitcoin is valuable because its in a speculative bubble. it has almost no use as an actual currency. Nearly all of the demand is coming from people who are buying because they expect the price to go up, which becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy.
nothing you said has any relevance to the point that 1000% returns is not sustainable and is well into the "get rich quick scheme" area.
Some people are going to get rich quick (the people who were in first), but a lot of people are going to get poor quick when the bubble burst and they bought a bitcoin for a price that assumes it will be worth 1000% more next year, and when that doesn't happen they'll find no one is willing to pay them what they paid for one.
@_date: 2017-12-16 15:20:02




you've struck on exactly why it makes no sense to buy anything with bitcoin if you're "hodling". 
There's no difference between buying something with bitcoin and immediately buying back the bitcoin with fiat, and just paying directly in fiat, except you'll pay less in fees/comission if you just pay directly in fiat. If you have enough fiat to buy back the bitcoins you spent, why wouldn't you just spend the fiat? It's faster, cheaper, depreciates and is accepted almost everywhere, and bitcoin is accepted almost nowhere (even if you're using a 3rd party service like BitPay which just sells bitcoins and transfers fiat).
You would also miss out on any price increases on bitcoin that might have happened while you were waiting for your new bitcoin to come through, and only be able to afford to buy back fewer bitcoins.


If you're making enough fiat money to buy bitcoin, you're making enough fiat to live without having to sell your bitcoin. If you're not making enough fiat to live on, why did you exchange your remaining fiat for something you can't afford to "hodl"?
The only point of "HODLing" is because people expect to profit over increases in bitcoin over time. It's completely pointless to momentarily cash out your bitcoin (paying fees in the process), and then to rebuy in immediately after. You should have just paid in fiat and kept your bitcoin. You're just wasting money on transaction fees, which is why no one does it.
This is all a confusion by people treating bitcoin as an asset but pretending they're using it like a currency because they believe that's why its increasing in value.
No one is talking about "HODLing" dollars because they're not a speculative asset. People can't talk non-stop about hoarding bitcoins and then get defensive when its suggested that an asset that encourages that behavior might make a poor currency.
@_date: 2017-12-24 18:33:11
Bitcoin is one version of a technology, of which there are over 1000 different versions.
Cryptographic blockchain is the technology, bitcoin is one particular version of it.
Bitcoin is not cryptocurrency anymore than myspace was social media or yahoo was search engines.
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:18:08


You know people stopped using gold for currency because it was too deflationary right?
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:42:16


The economic growth in the last half of the 20th century was higher than the first half. The worst depression in US history happened because of rapid deflation. I don't know what else to tell you.
You asked if the economy could keep expanding under the gold standard and I provided evidence that it couldn't because it limited the money supply and caused an economic collapse from rapid deflation.
It takes a massive conspiracy theory to think that every country in the world that was on the gold standard got off it even though its better for the economy than fiat. Even isolated dictatorships like North Korea don't use the gold standard, and they have no reason to just follow what every other country of doing even if its worse for the economy.


The gold standard is a standard set up by the banking system that says gold will be redeemable with paper certificates. People lost confidence that paper would in fact be able to be redeemed for gold so people tried to redeem as much gold as possible before it was no longer possible and they were left with worthless paper.
I have no idea how else you would describe that other than a loss of confidence in the promise that paper can be redeemed for gold, or why that's the one line in my entire post you're objecting to, when everything else is a detailed description of the results of rapid monetary deflation.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:59:32
I'm saying the protocol is the infrastructure, not the software. That's why I brought up the shit about phone lines still existing.
Bitcoin is not blockchain, its one particular instance of blockchain, just like Windows is not Operating Systems, its one particular instance of operating systems, just like Gmail isn't email its one particular instance of an email client.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:40:25
even if they were the same thing it still wouldn't be true that most gold is held as something other than jewelry.
US holding 8000 tons of gold doesn't mean most gold is in bank vaults. 165,000 tons of gold have been mined so far. 2500 tons of gold are mined every year.
Annual demand for gold is 4,200 tons a year and most of it goes into making jewelry. 
Every few years more gold is turned into jewelry (and electronics) than exist in all of US bank vaults.
I don't know why you're fighting this rather than just appreciating you learned something you previously didn't which is gold is mainly in demand and used as a jewelry metal. the idea it was mainly valuable as a "store of value" is a myth invented by speculators who want people to believe that something can be valuable just for being valuable even if it has no other values.
@_date: 2017-12-24 22:49:10
so how many months until Lightning is released and fixes all bitcoins problems?
Do a RemindMe so you can make me eat my words when it happens
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:43:34
I'm glad you took the time to write this, I don't think I've seen worse pseudo-economics upvoted to the front page before.
One more point to add on the "store of value" argument that often gets brought up, is that currency doesn't need to be a store of value over decades, because you can just use it to buy stores of value.
A currency that is useful for day to day transactions but isn't useful for saving wealth for 20 years is still a useful currency. A currency that is useless for day to day transactions but is useful for saving wealth for 20 years is not a good currency, its just an asset.
People seem to think just because something is valuable then people will want to accept it as currency, but it takes more than being a "store of value" to be a currency. Gold is a much better "store of value" than dollars, but try spending a gold coin anywhere and see how well "but dollars lose their value over time!" helps in getting the cashier to accept it.
The very fact gold appreciates in value over the long term is one of the reasons it can no longer be used for coins. No one wants to spend a coin that's more profitable to hoard than to spend.
Currency only generates wealth via facilitating trade. A currency that rewards you for not spending it is necessarily a bad currency because it means people are discouraged from trading and encouraged to hoard.
@_date: 2017-12-17 17:07:22


That must be why everyone measures its price in dollars.
just like everyone measures dollars by how many bitcoins they're worth.
@_date: 2017-12-19 18:18:36
If I show that this isn't the case will it change your mind about anything or will you just immediately revise what you think to arrive at the same conclusion even with different facts?
@_date: 2017-12-09 23:07:38


Yeah I think I remember all the memes on those issues when it hit $10,000
@_date: 2017-12-12 21:06:02
You said input costs would drop, which means wages.
If wages drop at the same rate as prices then you're not any better off, no bubble has burst. You can't magic wealth from nothing just by switching to a different currency. Currency just measures wealth and allows it to be exchanged.
If prices drop and wages don't that means every single commodity produced using wage labor that is operating on wafer-thin margins would stop being produced.
Which is why its dumb to say the entire economy is a bubble and bitcoin is going to pop it. It doesn't even make sense. I'm guessing you just saw it in a meme somewhere.
@_date: 2017-12-26 14:13:38
If the lottery players are getting in on the action then you know this is going STRAIGHT TO THE MOON! 
@_date: 2017-12-26 13:50:02


If your interest in Bitcoin is using it to buy and sell goods and services and not profit from speculation, how does having a fixed amount of bitcoin help that purpose given the fact that you believe bitcoin will onlyget rarer and rarer is the reason you don't want to spend any now because you believe it will be worth more in the future?
If the amount of bitcoin scaled with demand for bitcoin its value would remain stable and it would actually be usable. There would be no incentive to "hodl" because a bitcoin would be worth the same 10 years from now as it was today.
89% of bitcoins there will ever be have already been made, when less than 1% of the population are using them. If you want people to actually use bitcoin and not just hoard them then you need to increase the supply to meet demand. If you keep increasing demand while decreasing the supply then of course the price will skyrocket and no one will want to spend it.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:37:57


None of that showed there's hyper inflation going on. You can easily factor for things like shrinkflation by only looking at prices of commodities by volume. You can measure inflation however you like if you don't like the official stats. You can't just say "the official stats are fake" as if that explains something. Unless you provide better numbers I can only assume you're writing off the official stats because you don't like what they say, not because you have better stats.
Hyper-inflation is usually defined as inflation exceeding 50% per month. Even if you define it as 5% a month we're nowhere close. 
Unless my dollars only buy half as much next month as they did this month then its not hyper-inflation, and we're not even close to that level of inflation, no matter how you measure it. My food isn't shrinking 50% a month or I'd be dead.


Fiats are still the most popular currency in zimbabwe even though its hard to get enough of it. The main problem is deflation, there isn't enough fiat currency being supplied to the country so people are discouraged from spending things because demand for US dollars is rising faster than supply.
Which is ironic considering bitcoin was supposed to be the answer to zimbabwe's currency problem. Deflation at 50% a month would fucking destroy their economy if they were forced to rely on bitcoins.
No cryptocurrency is even close to mainstream usage as currency in zimbabwe, its only being used as an asset, partly because its easy to transfer across borders, partly because its hyper-deflationary which makes it a relatively good investment in a country with a tanking economy. The fees and transaction time make bitcoin useless for the kind of every day purchase you need to run an economy on, even if you ignore rampant hyper-deflation.
@_date: 2017-12-28 11:51:40
Lightning could be used to transfer any coin, its not like it could only work with bitcoin.
it still costs a fee to open channels.
If the cost of opening a channel in bitcoin is $10 but the cost of opening it in an alt coin is $1, people are still going to prefer to lower fees, especially for microtransactions.
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:27:11
A Japanese student discovered this one weird trick to replacing centralized fiat currency, central bankers HATE him!
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:50:22


I have never made an argument that said value was objective, or relied upon that premise, because its not true. that is what makes it a truism. 
truism doesn't mean something is not true, it means its obviously true and adds nothing to the conversation.
I never get those truisms in response to me saying anything that would dispute those truisms, they're just used as an excuse to lazily dismiss arguments about specific economic details like econommic substitution and artificial scarcity by implying the other person doesn't understand something obviously true, so they must be wrong. 
Even if that is true you still need to do the work and show what they don't understand about it. saying a truism doesn't explain anything, *especially* if what you said applies and the person already agrees and acknowledges that truism is true.


This is more dismissive condescension instead of actually making an argument.
"think more abstractly". Oh great, that solves all my concerns. I was a fool not to realize my problem was not thinking abstractly enough.
you realize that to structure a logical argument you need more than just declarations that you're right and the other person is wrong and needs to learn more/think better?
even if you're right, its just a wasteful ego stroking exercise. "you're wrong because you're ignorant/stupid, i understand and you don't" can be 100% true and it still won't get that person any closer to being less ignorant. Even if they just believed you and copied exactly what you thought they wouldn't have understood why they were wrong, or why what they believe now is right.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:56:20
This is a key point.
Currency isn't wealth, its just a medium of exchange.
People make a zero-sum fallacy that if the individual unit value of a currency increases, then that must mean an increase in wealth.
Money only generates wealth by facilitating trade. In a hyper-deflationary system, it can be more profitable to not generate wealth than it is to generate wealth.
In the short term this might be profitable for the individual who benefits from skyrocketing currency prices, but in the long term everyone is worse off because people cease generating wealth. Eventually even the people who have hoarded the currency are worse off because there's less wealth to go round even if owning all that currency gives them a bigger slice of it.
Of course such level of hyper-deflation will often collapse the use of a currency entirely, in which case it becomes worthless.
@_date: 2017-12-08 23:43:26
Doesn't operating a currency through an exchange defeat the point of trying to be decentralized?
We've already seen that crypto-exchanges are a lot less secure than central banks.
Why not just have a centralized currency where you can make transfers in milliseconds for a tiny cost?
@_date: 2017-12-25 23:42:30


They don't need to block the transaction mid-flight, just like they don't need to catch cash based tax-evaders in the act. All they need to do is intercept it at points it intersects with the regulated economy.
Amazon could not accept Lightning pay if the government made it illegal. Starbucks couldn't, eBay couldn't, Walmart couldn't. All they need to do is put a handful of CEOs in prison to block 95%+ of retail from using a payment method.
"just trade on the black market then" is not an answer, how is that different to just using cash? you can't run a national scale retail chain on the black market. The government does not need "heavy surveillance" to work out who owns Walmart, and that they have thousands of stores but aren't paying any taxes or obeying any regulations.
You can't just set up what is effectively a centralized bank/payment processor without any government oversight just because you start using a decentralized currency. 
@_date: 2017-12-11 18:46:15
In this moment I am an economist, not because of any phony colleges blessing, but because I am enlightened by my own intelligence.
Vires in Numeris!
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:45:34
If bitcoin is the kind of community where people can say things like "Lighting will be coming out within a couple of months!" and for it to get hundreds of upvotes, that doesn't say a lot about the realism of the people who have unwavering confidence that Lightning will solve all of bitcoins problems, let alone actually solve any problems.
People honestly don't seem to be able to tell the difference between a proof of concept tech demo and a working solution. If you're not worried about that you should be, because this is the community you're relying on to save your coin.
@_date: 2018-08-16 15:07:12
42coin is far more scarce than bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-05 21:34:07




If bitcoins never need to move then you don't need the blockchain and you don't need to be burning Terawatts of energy mining them. You could be trading stars in the night sky if you wanted to.


That undermines the whole idea we somehow need a decentralized trustless currency if we're relying on a centralized trusted network trading an entirely different currency that is just pegged to an existing resource. you could peg that networks currency to anything.


I encourage you to just stick to making actual points instead of condescendingly implying that you're already correct and don't need to demonstrate your claims, other people just need to learn enough to realize you're right.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:46:56


I don't see how this is a cost. you can simultaneously have money in several different coins, all through the same exchange.
you can trade coin for coin which doesn't trigger taxes, and its not relevant to any new money, so even if switching is just putting your savings in altcoin instead of bitcoin that's not a cost.
However if you wanted to switch from bitcoin to another coin, chances are its because its stopped being a good speculative investment, so you would want to trigger that "taxable event" because the alternative is not having to pay as much taxes because your gains have disappeared.
current speculation is based entirely on price and network effects only matter as much as they effect price.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:39:35


If that's the case, why is every other post here about how much profit in fiat money bitcoin will make and not how useful it is to be able to use bitcoin and not fiat money and centralized currency?
Exchanges require fiat to operate, so do services like bitpay. there is basically no discussion of any use of bitcoin as an independent currency.


Bitcoin has already seen the greatest increase in price its possible to see in our life times. It's already gone from $0.01 to $10,000. It's not going to go from $10,000 to $10,000,000,000.


Actually making a profit is the most likely way to guarantee a profit.


Brilliant plan as long as bitcoin stays valuable for ever and doesn't get overtaken by any other cryptocurrency or technology. Then again that rarely happens, usually whoever gets first to market stays market leader forever, just like Napster and Myspace


That's because USD is actually a useful currency. You can't profit off hoarding dollars, if you want to profit from USD you have to do something profitable with them, which encourages its use as currency.
@_date: 2017-12-18 15:39:54


Man who failed to predict the current price now makes another prediction.
@_date: 2017-12-23 13:51:04
Lightning Network doesn't work because it doesn't even exist yet beyond a tech demo that shows it can handle 0.001% of the traffic it would need to handle.
Bitcoin barely works, and it works a lot worse than gold payment services like bitgold.
@_date: 2018-08-11 12:08:34


How much transportation and assaying of gold does the average person do?
If you Bitcoins competition is gold, and not fiat currency, then fine, Bitcoin is a superior competitor to something that the vast majority of people already never use as a way of storing, sending or verifying wealth. 


Then why is Western Union doing better business now than it was when Bitcoin launched?


No one gives a shit about having to trust a 3rd party, as evidenced by the fact that most of people who have Bitcoin prefer to use centralized 3rd parties like Coinbase and BitPay, and that's a self-selected group of people who already claim to care about not trusting a 3rd party more than the average person who doesn't give a shit whatsoever.
The average person does not want to be their own bank. They want their bank to be their bank. The average holder of bitcoin doesn't even want to be their own bank, they're happy to trust a 3rd party with it.
@_date: 2017-12-05 15:05:28


I'm still amazed at how many people don't realize that "bitcoin debit cards" are not transferring bitcoins to anyone but are simply selling bitcoins and then transferring dollars. They are completely reliant on both fiat currency and the centralized interchange network in order to operate.
@_date: 2018-08-31 14:05:56
Western Union is doing half a billion dollars a year more revenue than it was when Bitcoin launched, nearly a decade ago.
@_date: 2018-08-31 18:17:01
I thought the value proposition of bitcoin is that it would allow P2P transactions without the need for infrastructure?
"be your own bank"
"banking the unbanked"
@_date: 2018-08-31 21:55:33


That analogy doesn't work when Bitcoin was supposed to reduce the need for infrastructure so that even people in 3rd world countries with no infrastructure could still use the currency, and eliminate the need for 3rd party intermediaries like payment processors and banks.
A better analogy would be ferrari release a new hovercar that they say doesn't need roads and will let people even in 3rd world nations with no road infrastructure to have access to transport even better than modern cars.
And almost 10 years later people in those countries are still using horses instead of the new hovercar, except for a small minority of people buying and selling hover cars despite no one in those countries using them for their intended purpose.
Someone might then rightly question whether this hover car thing actually worked, and whether they should keep listening to promises by the manufacturers that they're just waiting until the hover car infrastructure is good enough and then everyone will be able to enjoy cheap and quick transport without any reliance on a government road network.
@_date: 2018-08-23 11:36:04
[Am I?](
@_date: 2018-08-17 13:06:29


Why would it become an economic necessity for me when cash is faster, cheaper, more stable and more widely accepted?
@_date: 2017-12-27 16:07:12


If I sell a house and then buy a car with the money it doesn't mean I'm using houses as currency.
The person you are buying goods and services off is not accepting bitcoin, they're accepting fiat. You're just getting a 3rd party to sell your bitcoin for you instead of doing it yourself, and you're probably paying a higher fee because of that.
@_date: 2018-08-06 20:32:05
FUD, there is never a bad time to buy bitcoin.
1 BTC will always be 1 BTC. 
It might fluctuate in monopoly money but it will always retain its value which is based on IMMUTABLE proof of work, not whatever uncle sams fun bux happen to be worth(less) that day.
@_date: 2017-12-11 17:21:14


"The course our city runs is the same towards men and money.
She has true and worthy sons.
She has fine new gold and ancient silver,
Coins untouched with alloys, gold or silver,
Each well minted, tested each and ringing clear.
Yet we never use them!
Others pass from hand to hand,
Sorry brass just struck last week and branded with a wretched brand."
That was Aristophanes over 2000 years ago.
Gold was never a good currency, people used to hoard gold coins, shave them, clip them, melt them down, because gold was more profitable to hoard than to spend. It kept increasing in value so people would hoard gold coins while using other less deflationary coins as currency. Brass and copper were far more useful coinage. The only reason gold was used was because it was just the only way of moving a large quantity of money easily.
There's a reason every country in the world that was on the gold standard chose to get off it.


So do you think government wouldn't just increase taxes to cover the shortfall?
the "inflation is a tax so we need to get rid of it to get rid of tax" argument is the weakest one given that government can just tax other things instead. Inflation is arguably preferable to other taxes like sales tax, because inflation encourages trade whereas sales tax discourages trade.
@_date: 2018-05-30 12:04:15
How many bitcoins did you buy in 2009? 
How many bitcoins did the average person buy in 2009?
Unless you have a time machine, what bitcoin was worth in 2009 is not relevant.
@_date: 2018-05-17 13:19:38
With this charting, couldn't a 2 node network appear equally "centralized" as a 3 node network where 2 nodes were connected to 1 central node? (i.e. taking out the most connected node knocks out 100% of routes)
This seems to be a measure of route redundancy rather than centralization, which might be linked but not strongly enough to work as a proxy metric.
A large network with multiple redundant hubs could look more "decentralized" than a smaller networks with less centralization but lower redundancy, no? So there's a potential confounding variable that larger networks could correlate with higher redundancy and so by this metric it could look like larger networks are becoming less centralized when they're simply becoming more redundant instead.
I know little of networking so correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2018-08-22 21:06:17
PoS is even more redundant than PoW. It removes the terrible inefficiency just by making the currency holders shareholders in control of the currency. It's not anymore trustless than a bank or currency company with shareholders.
If you can trust the shareholders of PoS, you can just trust one of the many companies offering digital gold currency, especially since they're actually regulated and insured.
At least PoW at least has the pretense of game theory keeping it trustless, even if the majority of mining power is in a single one-party state, using hardware made by one company thats already backdoored its hardware.
@_date: 2018-08-07 14:44:48
No, pizzas are inflationary. Every year more pizzas are made than the year before. We are quickly approaching a hyper-inflationary pizza bubble and Papa John will surely be in need of all the sodipops he can get if he is to withstand the crash.
Papa bless the hodlers, and may papa have mercy on the sodlers
@_date: 2018-08-31 14:04:40
Bitcoin has been out for nearly 10 years and it was still a worse option for you than Western Union.
Let that sink in.
@_date: 2018-08-21 15:04:56
Fully peer to peer? No middlemen?
So the average store accepting bitcoin is only making 0.06 transactions a day in bitcoin? Or 1 every 2 weeks?
@_date: 2018-08-10 22:38:59
Last one to finish has to try and redeem everyone elses Tethers.
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:27:12


Unless someone figured out a way to add billions of bitcoins to the ledger somehow.
But that would never happen, because if it did we would just change it to remove them again, because the ledger is immutable which means it can always be changed if there's an exploit found.
@_date: 2018-08-09 20:45:54
The inflation rate target set by the federal reserve isn't the same as the amount of currency that is produced per year
@_date: 2018-05-24 18:36:34
Why bother to say "indefinite exponential growth" if what you really mean is "growth for 3000 years". That's less time than from now to when the pyramids were built. And I'm guessing you believe super-ai is going to allow for a bigger growth rate than 1%, and more than we had in the 1960s, which was 6.7%, which is the all time human record. I believe the words "GDP growth will accelerate dramatically" were used.
It's no wonder utopian futurists aren't taken seriously when "most likely a lot less than 3000 years" and "apparently forever" are interchangeable.


If you're only thinking that far out why would it matter if "indefinite exponential growth" were possible? You can definitely have exponential growth for 10 years.


You still haven't proved how this kind of work is somehow more important and valuable than predicting where all consumer goods are required better than any human on earth can.
It's just a way of deflecting the fact that AI is already contributing hundreds of billions to the global economy isn't leading to the exponential increases in GDP you've dreamed of.
@_date: 2018-05-14 20:46:40
not particularly.
It is mainly due to the Japanese economy being fairly stagnant over the last 30 years coupled with a rapidly aging population (over half the population is over 60), but with solid fundamentals and very high rates of saving, allowing them to borrow far more than a country with less savings and weaker fundamentals could.
The economy isn't producing any more wealth than it used to, but people are getting older. This requires the government to have to borrow more money to pay for an aging population and also to invest in the economy to compensate for decades of stagnation.
Part of the reason Japan has had such stagnant growth is because of a culture of ridiculously high levels of saving which has contributed to long periods of deflation (people not investing/spending their money but just sitting on it waiting to retire on it). The government borrowing money from savers is a way to maintain investment and public services without raising taxes.
The insane work practices over there are primarily cultural, not economic. you have people working 60 hour weeks but they are not producing anymore wealth than people in nations working 40 hour weeks. Long working hours are part of the "salaryman" culture, were dedication to the collective is seen as very important to the status games that decide advancement in the company, which leads to pointless pissing contests of workers trying to show that each of them is more dedicated to the company than any other, so working insane hours even if it does no good. Workers want to be the first in and the last out, regardless of how much productive work they're doing.
@_date: 2018-08-10 22:40:03
You joke but this is actually how Warren Buffet became a millionaire.
@_date: 2018-08-16 22:44:23
Why is it more valuable than bitcoin then?
checkmate statists.
@_date: 2018-08-06 20:26:35
Just because a product has high fees or margin doesn't mean you can competitively undercut them.
The mark up on movie theater popcorn is thousands of percent.
wow, sounds like a great opportunity to undercut the competition. I'll start a movie theater that sells popcorn with only a 500% margin and I'll put all my competitors out of business.
Except you need to charge a 10,000% markup on popcorn to help make up for how unprofitable the rest of the movie theater is.
Bitcoin ATMs have high fees because hardly anyone uses them so they need to charge a lot to break even.
Regular ATMs can charge low or no fees because its part of a wider business model that makes it profitable even if the ATM itself makes a loss.
@_date: 2018-05-22 13:51:03


He said "This was the most egalitarian way to introduce a new form of money". That's outright saying its literally impossible for any other distribution to be more egalitarian. Satoshi himself said most of the protocol was based on guesses. people want to spin it as an act of deliberate genius so they can feel safer in their unquestioning belief, not because its reasonable. If this isn't your argument I don't know why you're trying to rephrase it to a more defensible/moderate position.


He didn't say "average libertarians" he said "as many average people as possible could obtain cheap coins during the bootstrapping phase" while locking out institutional investors. You can't simultaneously have bitcoins going to as many average people as possible and a tiny percentage of libertarians and programmers. even if this claim wasn't self-contradictory, the evidence shows it has failed to pass. 
"egalitarian" is not a synonym for "helps average libertarians and programmers". rephrasing it to "its egalitarian for average libertarians" is butchering the meaning of words.


How unwise would they have to be to spend over a trillion dollars of bitcoin per year? Even if they wasted 999 billion a year they could still keep getting a billion dollars a year equivalent richer so long as they kept 0.1% of their gains a year. 


Even if I grant the idea that the Federal reserve is being used to create secret trillionaires far richer than the supposed richest men and companies on earth, and can somehow keep their vast fortunes and identity hidden, the Federal Reserve simply do not create enough money. even if they gave 100% of it every year to a single person, it would not come close to the amount the Winkelvoss twins supposedly stand to gain from slight deflation on a huge percentage of bitcoin, especially as those deflationary gains compound.
And that's only accounting for 2 publicly richest american bitcoin holders. The top 20 wealthiest american bitcoin holders would be getting tens of trillions of dollars a year.
 
Bitcoiners/deflationists seem to have no problem with what they call "theft" (transfer of wealth by monetary policy) on a vast scale never seen before, so long as it is done through private manipulation of a currency supply rather than government manipulation of the currency supply.
thankfully its just a fantasy because trade tokens aren't scarce and you can't somehow plunder the planet by hoarding open source currency tokens of which there is 0 natural scarcity. but its fun to see how insanely greedy some people are while trying to spin themselves as egalitarian revolutionaries.
@_date: 2018-08-16 22:41:12
41coin is silver to 40coins gold.
@_date: 2018-08-16 22:43:41
What value could there be in a currency that is accepted by over 300,000,000 people, that you don't need an internet connection or electricity to use, that can be used to transfer value free and instantly, and that doesn't require uploading information on every transaction?
@_date: 2018-08-18 11:59:23


Google "antbleed" and you will find plenty.
They installed firmware that phoned home every 1-11 minutes and had the power to remotely brick the miner. They have manufactured the vast majority of the current mining power. "trustless, decentralized".
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:47:32
Governments have seized over 1,000,000 bitcoins already.
That's 1/14-1/17 bitcoins that exist.
And bitcoin isn't even illegal in most places, those are bitcoins seized just because people were using them to break the law.
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:59:00


That's one difference you've arbitrarily decided is the difference between fraud and not fraud. 
Debts in USD can't be settled in AUD, it doesn't mean selling dollars (AUD) is fraud.
It would only be fraud if you promised someone AUD and gave them USD, just like its fraud if you promise someone BTC and give them BCH. Unique currency identifiers exist precisely to avoid this kind of "fraudulent" confusion, since multiple currencies share common names.


Gold alloys of many differing formulas can all be sold as "gold". Almost none of what is sold as gold is elemental gold. No one is trying to bring lawsuits so that only elemental gold can be called gold and any other lesser alloys must be called g-shit. You can't settle a debt in 24 karat gold with 12 karat gold, that doesn't mean you're committing fraud for selling either as "gold". You can't sue someone for fraud because they sell "gold" as a slightly different alloy, unless they specified it was one particular type of gold and turned out to be another.
If you think the difference between BTC and BCH is the difference between gold and horse shit, then you obviously don't think very much of the underlying code BTC is based on given BCH is almost identical besides having a blocksize cap which the original BTC didn't even have.


Which part of polycentric law involves trying to establish case law in a monopoly court that will criminalize behavior that is not currently criminal for all people regardless of what court system they subscribe to ?
If you want polycentric law then reducing the jurisdiction of the monopoly court system is essential. You can't somehow allow for multiple voluntary court systems and a monopoly at the same time.


I'll stop making it about trademark when people stop trying to get all the benefits of monopoly protection over a brand name without having a trademark, especially when they claim to be anarchists who oppose monopolies.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:24:44


50% of gold demand comes from the jewelry industry, another 10% comes from electronics and other industry. The remaining 40% comes from banks, nations and investors who rely on the incredibly high and consistent demand for gold jewelry and the natural scarcity of gold as a way of storing value.
People didn't just randomly decide to make it valuable. It's valuable because there's high demand, limited supply and no good economic substitutes for it.
One day we'll land golden asteroids worth quadrillions of dollars onto earth and gold will become incredibly cheap.


Because the relative demand to supply is much higher. The world makes millions of tons of bread every year. It only makes a few thousand tons of gold. There are also lots of economic substitutes to bread: potato, rice, 


Because its the most useful and widely accepted trade token in the world. 
@_date: 2018-05-09 15:03:42
just make sure you dont invest in any shitcoins by mistake
@_date: 2018-05-04 22:46:42


The very fact you accept that its not fraud if you just let people use a name until it becomes generic means you're abdicating any responsible for bringing down the coercive power of the state on competitors because you don't want them to genericize your brand name even though the principal legal defense against genericization of a brand name is successful registration and continued legal defense of a trademark, which you don't have and doesn't even work consistently anyway. A brand name you didn't create and who's creator never sought or indicated any desire to use government power to prevent forks using the name.
So people in coercive nation states around the world can all use the same name to describe different currencies without going to jail for fraud, but in your ancap 'let 1000 nations bloom' vision of the future only 1 currency can use 1 name even if its based off freely shared open source software and the inventor of the term and software never tried to claim the brand as a trademark or take any steps that would make it easier for people to enforce exclusive legal rights to the term?
What's next, is software piracy also a form of fraud/theft in your ancap utopia? After all, you're violating all those laws you never agreed to that protect content producers from being defrauded of their rightful intellectual property.


Check your contract better then. In contract law you're only entitled to whats in the contract. As far as I know no one was ever signed a contract for BTC and got BCH and if they had they would have a trivial time suing. Because that's what contracts are for. Enforcing voluntary agreements.


Like having a central authority with the power to issue court judgements and send police to extort restitution? you'd sure have to trust an organization with that much power to use it responsibly.
@_date: 2018-05-21 13:58:40
@_date: 2018-08-15 21:07:19
And they said Solar Roadways were completely infeasible, Theranos was a fraud and Juicero was a bad joke.
Now looks who's laughing.
People are always scared by new technology that threatens the status quo.
@_date: 2018-05-13 21:19:35


That's why it will never become a mainstream currency.
But the people who believe they'll become the new wealthy elite, such as the OP, believe at some point it will be the global currency, and they will be the ones who control most of what there ever will be, which means they think people won't have any choice but to use it if they want to trade, which is how they expect to be able to never have to work again because they bought 500 bitcoins back in 2010 for $500, because somehow them buying $500 of currency and then not doing anything for 20-50 years is creating hundreds of millions of dollars of value.
This is vastly more predatory behavior than anything IMF have even considered. The OP is literally talking about wanting bitcoin speculators to replace banks as a new financial elite. Thinking you can somehow buy up and "hodl" the majority of a currency so that people will have to pay you 10,000x what you paid just for the ability to trade is blatant rent seeking on artificial scarcity. It's no different to any other oligopolistic attempts at buying up a finite resource and then price gouging, no matter how much its dressed up as "reward for risk taking".
IMF are the people who give nations loans when no one else in the market will do because they're considered such bad credit risks. They have never tried anything like buying up 80% of a nations currency (let alone the worlds currency), so that they could charge a 100,000x mark up on the remaining 20%.


Either you've worked out something that teams of people ambitious and talented enough to run nations and who have degrees in economics and politics from top universities haven't, or they're actually getting more out of the deal than they're losing. Which is more likely?
@_date: 2018-08-18 12:05:32
Are they building their own chip fabrication plants or are they buying their miners off Bitmain?
@_date: 2018-05-01 12:18:37


How many weeks do you think its been doing this for?
5% a week for 14.4 weeks would mean a doubling in price
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:36:13


If Bitcoin didn't require exponentially more power as it became exponentially more valuable that means it would become exponentially more profitable to conduct a 51% attack.
There is no way you can simultaneously secure a network by energy arms race and also have it be energy efficient. Either POW needs to go or accept its going to be inefficient.
@_date: 2018-05-19 12:59:43


you already said you spend bitcoin regularly on goods and services.
All someone would have to do to get bitcoin off you is use fiat to buy something and then trade that something for your bitcoin.
Whether you're trading bitcoin for fiat or goods and services you're still trading it, so there's no imaginary HODL wall that stops people getting your bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-22 22:59:21


I mean its only fraud if they claim to keep full reserves.
Given how little people care that Tether has never had an audit despite claiming it would get regular audits and claiming it has a full reserve, it doesn't seem the crypto masses seem to care particularly whether their exchanges are backed by full reserves given how many are trading on exchanges that are trading in Tether.


Why have such confidence?
Fractional reserve banks were going for hundreds of years, most of that time when currency was expected to have some metal backing it. There was nothing stopping people from running full reserve banks, they're just terribly uncompetitive compared to fractional reserve banks so few people used or tried to set one up. 
Without fractional reserves banks make far less money, which means they charge higher fees and don't give out interest (since they can't lend your money out to make money on it), and realistically maybe 1 customer in 10,000 cares enough about a once in a century risk of a bank run enough to pay higher fees for 50 years.
The only thing stopping fractional reserves from existing is government regulation, otherwise you can always write a contract saying "yes you can loan my money out to people in return for interest". although with hardcore rothbardian types easing of regulations on fractional reserves is ironically seen as some sort of government imposition on sound money.
There's no reason Bitcoin won't have just as many fractional reserves as Gold, or just as many runs as gold fractional reserves did. more so in absence of a central authority to help bail out those reserves . Although I would imagine there's probably going to be more fraud since places won't want to advertise as fractional reserve given the crypto crowds aversion to, but competitive market forces will drive reserves to become fractional.
@_date: 2018-05-06 17:39:51


So the idea is that if you have $10/10BTC, that allows $10/10BTC of wealth to roam free in the world until you have decided to reclaim it, so not spending money is equivalent to lending that wealth to everyone else?
I think I can disprove this premise, let me know if you can find a flaw in my argument:
As you correctly pointed out, money isn't wealth, its a token for trading wealth. If you double or halve the quantity of currency you don't change how much wealth there is, just how much is represented by each unit of currency.
wealth is not zero sum. When you buy a ton of steel, that doesn't mean there is now 1 less ton for everyone else, because buying steel allows more steel to be produced. for every ton of steel you buy, steel manufacturers make enough money not just to replace the ton of steel you bought, but they make enough to produce even more than that. plus there's the steel you have which doesn't just disappear but gets recycled into the economy.
trading helps generate wealth. money only generates wealth by facilitating trade. If everyone on earth just sat on their money and did nothing else no wealth would be generated. doing nothing can't generate wealth by definition.
trade is the only reason money is worth anything. With no trade there is no need or value in currency. its fully possible to make wealth without currency.
Money is useful because it allows a tradeable token to represent wealth that is easier to trade and more universally accepted than any particular piece of wealth. For each unit of wealth you produce you need a currency token to represent it, else you will create a perverse incentive not to use currency tokens for trade, but instead to hoard them, and wait for other people to produce more wealth so that your tokens increase in value. This is rent-seeking (increasing your share of wealth without creating any wealth, so you only get richer by as much as someone else gets poorer).
If you create 1 token for every unit of wealth (keeping the value of a token consistent and avoiding rent seeking), then you can see that no benefit is actually being created by hoarding, and the incentive is to use currency to trade and produce wealth, not just sit and wait for other peoples work to make you rich.
@_date: 2018-05-22 16:00:20


I just googled it and a pre-owned one is between 7-18 million yen, no conversion required. 
You don't just get the price in Yen by converting from dollars, currencies have different purchasing power. A dollar isn't worth the same in the US as it is in Zimbabwe or anywhere else in the world.
Things are priced in Yen because its actually a currency so people are pricing things in it. Nothing is priced in gold because its not a currency, and so can't work as a unit of account.
People would have to be using gold as a medium of exchange for it to work as a unit of account.
@_date: 2018-05-13 22:49:31


Give out is a synonym for "distribute", I'm talking about the reward distribution of the protocol, what the protocol gives out in return for mining a block, which has exponentially decreased, as should be clear from the context and my other comments talking about people buying and mining bitcoin for trivial sums of money in the early days. I never once said people are just being given bitcoins for free. although in the early days the cost of production was so low it almost was free.


How about a system where you don't get exponentially less reward for mining depending on how late you were born? A system where 80% of the currency isn't distributed to less than 1% of the population in less than 10 years when there are still billions of people on the planet without internet connections? A system where bitcoin keeps a consistent value so that whether someone bought a bitcoin now, 10 years ago or 100 years from now they are neither at an advantage nor a disadvantage?
Might that be more egalitarian?


Sounds great. How about we stick with currency that doesn't require destroying huge amounts of energy so we can use that energy for productive things.
@_date: 2018-08-22 20:43:04
I'm sarcastically anticipating the response to "what if someone hacks bitcoin and adds a bunch of coins to the ledger?", which has already happened.
Bitcoin is the first currency to exist in quantum-superposition (which is why quantum computing isn't a threat), its simultaneously impossible for anyone to change the ledger, but also completely secure from the possibility of a hack because we can just change the ledger if it happens.
@_date: 2018-05-22 21:29:09


They're already a multi-billion dollar industry, and they're some of the lowest grade consumer AI products, not the high end business facing ones. If they carried on their current exponential growth they'd be a quadrillion dollar industry in a few years. Of course that isn't going to happen.


This is an extremely narrow idea of how AI could contribute to GDP.
I can't find recent sales information but in 2012 Mechanical Turks did an estimated 10-150 million dollars total sales volume. Assistants like Alexa are already doing 10x that sales volume, despite having existed for a much shorter period of time.
You keep setting up these arbitrary benchmarks for when AI will finally start helping the economy as if its not a gradually evolving technology.
@_date: 2018-08-18 12:08:09


antbleed wasn't a darkside?


crowdfunded, community driven, decentralized, non-profit computer chip manufacture? good luck with that.
@_date: 2018-05-19 13:32:07
if you're "spending and replacing", what exactly are you replacing it with? It wouldn't be fiat by any chance? Why exactly can't "legacy financial system incumbents" replace their fiat with bitcoin from the same place you are replacing?


Nothing says a hatred of greed like thinking you're part of less than 1% of the earths population who's going to HODL their way to owning over 80% of the worlds currency.
Also what the fuck is Umerca?
@_date: 2018-05-02 17:15:55
I wonder if people will still keep using Draper as their investment guru when they realize he invested in Vechain and Tron.
Oh and remember that time when he invested in Theranos and defended the CEO from fraud allegations saying she never committed fraud and was the victim of a witch hunt because she's a woman and then for some reason stopped talking about it when the SEC charged her with fraud?
This is the problem of just listening to people who tell you what you want to hear.
@_date: 2018-05-28 22:44:22
[The average bitcoin ATM fee is 5-8%](
So more expensive than cash checking in your examples.
@_date: 2018-05-02 17:55:59


They have an incentive to make as much money as possible. Why would that mean keeping fees low? Whether they make a billion dollars from a small number of high fee transactions or a large number of low fee transactions makes no different. 
Fees were up to $50 a transaction at one point.
@_date: 2018-05-30 11:54:44
Why is transferring value by inflation theft but transferring it through deflation is not theft?


You don't think anyone is manipulating the value of your bitcoins?
@_date: 2018-05-24 14:57:01
Banks exist for a reason. If just keeping your money yourself was a better option why would anyone keep money in banks?
Ask all the people who've either lost or had their bitcoins stolen how well "being your own bank" worked out for them.
Banks can afford to spend billions on security, and they're legally obligated to replace your money if its lost or stolen. That's worth the fees banks charge which is why people pay them, that and the convenience of transferring money through banks.
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:23:09


If GDP growth is getting closer and closer to 0, that is not "exponential" growth.
It's gone from 5 to 3% in the last 8 years. If you take out India and China World GDP growth is already below 1%. In both China and India GDP growth is slowing significantly now that most of their economy has been industrialized and the easy gains of turning farmers to factory workers has finished.
China used to have 14% gdp growth now its less than 7%. You don't have to follow that trend very far to see that China is on exactly the same path the rest of the world is.
What do you think the word exponential means?


Reconfiguring existing resources to better use still requires resources to begin with.
If you think we can get exponential growth from better use of existing resources, why isn't it happening then? According to you the more advanced a nation gets the faster its economic growth should be, because the more advanced its economy is. Well countries like Japan are far ahead of China in terms of automation. China still has hundreds of millions of factory workers making things by hand. Yet Japans GDP growth is only 1%. Because the bigger you get, the more it takes to grow 1% a year because of diminishing returns.
@_date: 2018-05-14 11:59:39
How am I supposed to interpret "bitcoin is going to make libertarians and programmers into wealthy elites" and "bitcoin is set up to be distributed in an egalitarian manner so that as many average people as possible can benefit"?
Do you think the average person is a libertarian or a programmer?
The central claim of the OP is patently false, as many average as possible didn't get a  the median person has 0 bitcoins. If the intention was to widely distribute bitcoins to the average person in the early days by flooding the market then it has failed completely. 80% of the bitcoins that will ever exist are in a tiny number of hands. Now even if the remaining 20% were completely evenly distributed to the average person the distribution would still be high inequal.
Why are people trying to bastardize the term "egalitarian" when they clearly don't mean it and don't even want it to be the case. Replacing one elite with another (which is what the OP directly said) is not egalitarian.
This isn't a case of semantics. The OP specifically mentioned the idea of making it so as many average people as possible could get their hands on bitcoin in the early days. This clearly hasn't happened. It's not even close to "as many as possible". It's hard to think of a better way to make sure the average person didn't have an equal chance to get bitcoin by distributing the vast majority before they had even heard of it.
@_date: 2018-05-01 12:19:59


Fees are lower than they have been in years. 


If both dollars and bitcoin where equally accepted, why wouldn't you want to spend the one that will go down in value over time rather than the one that will go up?
The convertibility doesn't change the fact if you have both USD and BTC its better to spend USD and save BTC than spend BTC and save USD. When you convert USD to BTC, the USD don't disappear, someone else just has the USD, and if everyone follows the pattern of using USD to buy things and keeping hold of BTC with a plan of waiting for years before using it, then naturally very few people will be spending BTC so very few retailers will have an incentive to try and accept it.
This is what stops deflationary currencies every becoming popular. It's the reason Aristophanes wrote 2000 years ago that everyone hoards gold and silver coins while using brass coins for trade.
It's the misconception that somehow saving value and trade tokens are the same thing and will be treated at such, which leads to all kinds of strange rationalizations for why people "HODL" something that is obviously better to HODL than to use as trade tokens. see: spend and replace madness


What breaks this feedback loop then? If you use USD over BTC until most people accept bitcoin then why will most people accept Bitcoin when most people don't use Bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-05-25 16:57:01
1 reason you should trust posting a link from localcoinatm.com to give unbiased advice on whether you should use Bitcoin ATMs?
@_date: 2018-05-01 15:01:27


This is why I only invest in things that are like the internet.
@_date: 2018-05-08 11:47:12


80% of bitcoins have already been distributed, and it's not been to people in the 3rd world.
Even if the 3rd world got the remaining 20% (which they're not going to, because they don't have anything like the infrastructure, high tech skills or economic stability to rival China and other large Bitcoin miners), then it still wouldn't represent a net transfer to the 3rd world.
Realistically by the time any 3rd world nation is in a position to mine any significant amount of bitcoin, 99% of bitcoin will already have been distributed. Bearing in mind difficulty is going up all the time so the level of investment required to stay competitive is going up all the time.
@_date: 2018-05-30 12:03:12
Why do you think deflation will make everything else cheaper, but somehow your wages won't be cheaper as well?
@_date: 2018-05-12 21:44:57
I thought Bitcoin wasn't for tax evasion? 
@_date: 2018-05-14 18:54:57
Japan has one of the biggest debt ratios of any developed nation, 240%, and yet it had deflation for years.
People need to stop simplifying monetary policy down to INFLATION = DEBT
Debt and inflation are two separate things.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:05:03
They're locked as in you can't spend them anywhere else except on network until you close a channel.
Locking doesn't imply something can't be unlocked.
@_date: 2018-05-17 19:33:37


What percentage of transactions are using segwit these days?
@_date: 2018-05-15 12:37:39
I won't force anyone to accept any currency they don't want to, I do all my trade on a voluntary basis.
Legal tender laws are going to exist regardless of what I do though and I don't see how something designed to be more profitable to speculate on than to use as currency is going to change that.
@_date: 2018-08-17 11:04:44
If market cap matters more than unit price then USD &gt; BTC
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:33:04


You said the main benefit that will drive adoption is being cheaper.
So its the main benefit that will drive adoption except in cases where something else is cheaper in which case cost is no longer the main driver of adoption its something else?


What's the difference? Assume Bitcoin fees aren't cheaper (like vs cash), why would you want to spend Bitcoin over fiat directly but not through a 3rd party?
@_date: 2018-05-08 11:52:20
The first big retailers have already accepted Bitcoin.
In 2014 5 of the top 500 US retailers accepted Bitcoin.
According to your time scale it should have already had its "final price speculation explosion". 
@_date: 2018-05-20 16:54:20


When that [comparison was first made]( Bitcoin used 4TWh a year (at least according to one lower-middle range estimate, at that time estimates ranged from 500MWh to 30TWh), Christmas lights used 6TWh/yr.
Mining difficulty has increased by 13x since those estimates. [Now Bitcoin uses between 18TWh to 67 TWh a year]( That's between 3-10x more than is used on Christmas lights, its more than most nations on earth use in power a year, even though its handling fewer transactions than it was when the difficulty was 13x lower.
And unless you think some currency is going to cause the abandonment of Christmas tree lights, then its not a relevant comparison. What is relevant is how much energy it uses compared to existing payment methods.
@_date: 2018-05-16 15:26:58


Yup, its definitely a bigger risk to spend a few dollars of electricity on mining 100 bitcoins in a few days on a desktop computer you already have than it is to spend $10,000 buying a rack of asics to mine 1 bitcoin a week as part of a huge mining pool.
It's simply a reward for innovative risk taking. 
The risks modern miners and speculators are taking are nothing compared to the risks the early pioneers took. What if Bitcoin never took off? Those 5 cents of electricity would be completely wasted, and they only stood to gain hundreds of millions of dollars.
These late comers have a much easier time. Not only do they have no chance of 100,000x their investment but they also stand to lose far more if Bitcoin goes to zero. Clearly a superior risk-reward profile.
@_date: 2018-05-19 13:04:00
If 2 paragraphs are too long for you to read, you might want to reconsider whether trying to discuss anything in economics is a good use of your time.
@_date: 2018-05-03 12:26:52
Let me rephrase:
"it's fully possible to increase the cap of bitcoin if the right people agree to change it"
which is exactly the same as for fiat, the only difference is which people are the right people. you might think political power is evenly distributed in the bitcoin ecosystem (it isn't, only a tiny number of people are running nodes or miners), but that may change.
Even for a soft-fork like Segwit, a few large institutional players have more influence than everyone else combined in making its adoption a success or failure.
Bitcoin has only existed for 9 years, and only been meaningfully popular for 5, yet people are willing to profess undying trust that miners will always stay honest, the protocol will always be managed in their interest and the currency will always be valuable and never replaced by another.
@_date: 2018-05-15 22:57:28
Those wages were lowered to adjust for deflation, precisely the opposite of what was being claimed, that with deflation wages would stay the same and everything else would become cheaper.
If currency becomes more valuable that means everyone else is cheaper to buy, that includes labor.
@_date: 2018-05-20 12:59:47


[World GDP growth has been slowing down since the 1970s.](
[In the last 8 years its slowed down even further](
If it was exponentially increasing then we'd be getting richer and richer faster and faster.
The biggest gains happen from rapid industrialization. If you take rapidly developing nations like China and India out of the mix, and look only at OECD nations, then world GDP growth is slowing even faster.
All things in nature are subject to diminishing returns. How could the economy get exponentially greater? It would require the earth and then the solar system to start doubling in size.
@_date: 2018-05-06 16:55:48
Did you read the quote that was replying to? I was talking specifically about how the fact multiple people can sell currency with the same name (dinars in this example, though there are several others), without it being fraud, because no one owns the word "dinars" and anyone can create a currency and call its "dinars". 
Somehow in anarchist utopia people will be able to criminalize any unauthorized use of a word because "fraud", even though the current system is quite fine with not criminalizing people who want to genericize a word because they recognize words are just components of language that change over time that no one has a right to own them indefinitely, hence the invention of things like currency codes to avoid the issue of fraud when there's confusion about a name referring to several currencies.
@_date: 2018-05-16 15:25:16


Neither is it inherent to inflation, as evidenced by China having far more inflation than Japan over the last 20 years but wages that far outpaced the rise in price of other things.
neither inflation or deflation can make you rich, they simply move value too or away from a unit of currency.
@_date: 2018-08-16 22:38:51


What argument are people going to use when bitcoin becomes worth less than it was a year ago?
"if you look at a 2 year time frame then Bitcoin is up". okay then why say 1 year like it means something?
@_date: 2018-05-03 12:21:50


It's not illegal to use the name of a technology to sell the technology. It's not even illegal to use the name of a vaguely similar technology to sell different technology. No one ever got arrested for selling fraudulent VHS "Videotapes", despite the that the word "Videotape" was a trademark of the Ampex corporation that referred to a completely different and incompatible tape technology than VHS.
There is no difference in this case, other than the policing attitude of the supposed owner/s of the term. Ampex didn't start suing people when people started calling other cassette tapes "Videotapes", so it went from referring to one specific type of videotape to all videotapes, despite the fact they actually had a trademark that recognized them as having exclusive rights to the word.
You are actively trying to criminalize behavior by bringing this kind of suit, whilst claiming to be a passive upholder of universal law, whilst simultaneously claiming to be an advocate of a pluralistic legal system that presumably allows people to be governed by consent not monopoly force.
The people agitating for "fraud"  are trying to obtain monopoly trademark protection by the back door, because Satoshi didn't get it by the front door. 


just because USD are the most popular dollars in the world doesn't mean you can just assume anytime someone says dollars they mean USD and sue them for fraud. What if you're talking to a canadian or an australian? 
If I had no contract I would just stop working for them if they didn't pay me what I asked to be paid.
If the contract didn't say $, and instead just said "dollars", and it was an international contract, I would have little to no case since there are so many different types of dollars it could mean anything, which is why its prudent to specify what dollars.
Likewise, due to the open source distribution of Bitcoin, there are many types of Bitcoin. Except rather than just using a unique identifier and allowing the word to enter the commons like "dollar" has, people want to bring down monopoly power to cage their competitors of an open source software project that never got a trademark on the name like other projects did.


trademark violation of a non existent trademark isn't fraud. In the current system you don't own a word until you successfully sue for it. enjoy the counter-suit if you fail. live by the sword.
@_date: 2018-05-20 17:03:59
Milk producers are hyper-inflating the milk supply to steal the value from milk hodlers.
Only with a fixed supply of milk can we ensure the value of milk will stabilize.
@_date: 2018-05-30 17:50:49
That's not what a futures contract is. You're not buying anything now, you're agreeing to buy something in the future.
In 3 years time, $50,000 will be a bargain for bitcoin, according to some people. Imagine if 3 years ago you had got a futures contract forcing someone to sell you 1 bitcoin for $3,500. You could instantly then sell that bitcoin for 100% profit.
There would be nothing stopping you buying those 6.67 BTC, then using them as collateral for a futures contract to buy bitcoin at a set price in the future. Well, nothing except an absence of anyone willing to sign or enforce such a contract.
I'm sure you could come up with some decentralized smart contract solution though to make sure someone would have to sell you their bitcoin for $50,000 at a certain date.
@_date: 2018-05-02 21:18:27
Most fiat currencies that went to 0 didn't do so because of hyper inflation, they just got abandoned in favor of newer currencies.
So if your fear is going to 0, then hyper-inflation only accounts for a small percentage of all the abandoned currencies there have ever been, and there is nothing anymore "intrinsic" backing up Bitcoin than fiat.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:29:41
Well its good that you're aware your understanding is simplistic, but this is a separate point to people claiming that "bitcoin is stable, its just the fiat conversion rate that isn't".
That's a nonsense semantic game to pretend that bitcoin is really stable when its not. It's price in fiat is just a representation of the supply and demand for it. $100 of soybeans = $100 of bitcoin = $100 of steel.
Bitcoin buys less than half the same amount of pizza, steel, or gold than it did 6 months ago regardless of whether you convert it to fiat or not. The fact that its hard to find anyone willing to directly accept bitcoin as payment for anything without converting to fiat just compounds the issue.
Currently there's a very popular and weak circular argument that goes a little something like this:
"Bitcoin is still a new technology. People won't start using it until the price stabilizes. The price will stabilize with mass adoption"
In that case bitcoin is never going to be mass adopted. It hit its peak of acceptance in top 500 retailers 4 years ago. 
The vast majority of demand for bitcoin has come from speculators with dreams of getting rich quick. Increasing waves of speculation (correlated with public awareness) has been used as proof "bitcoin always goes up", despite metrics for actual adoption going down.
@_date: 2018-05-13 20:56:47
People really need to start thinking about how there are two sides to every trade.
If a unit of currency can buy more and more, it also means whoever is receiving that currency is getting less and less in return for goods and services. Deflationists are only thinking about the benefit to the currency holder, as if it were making them rich at no cost to anyone.
Most people have most of their wealth not sitting in money, but in physical objects that provide value to their life: houses, furniture, cars, clothes, computers, phones, tools, solar panels
Having those kinds of essentials constantly decrease in value over time is much more detrimental to the average persons wealth than having money that they only hold for short periods of time do the same.
If you have a $100,000 house and $10,000 in cash, then 5% inflation is decreasing your cash by $500 and increasing the value of your house $5,000. If you have 5% deflation, its knocking $5,000 off the value of your house and only adding $500 to their cash value. Only someone who intends to keep most of their value in cash for most of their life should desire deflation. And since currency is only useful for trading that's a pointless system to encourage. You don't want a currency that's more profitable to hoard than to use for trade.
You are also going to hold a house for decades but are not likely to hold cash for that long before spending or investing it in something.
You can easily invest cash into things that generate wealth if you're worried about inflation. If you're worried about deflation, you can't sell your house and then sleep in a pile of money.
@_date: 2018-08-10 22:44:46
Internet video and music streaming is faster and more convenient than going to a record shop or a video store.
Bitcoin is not faster or more convenient than existing online banking or online payments. Nothing anyone cares about banks or money for can be achieved better with a slow public database than can already be accomplished with a fast private database. No one outside of a small number of criminals and libertarian fanatics are willing to sacrifice nationwide acceptance and millisecond transactions in exchange for "decentralization" that mainly involves speculating on digital numbers bought from a centralized company.
Which is why Bitcoin has failed to get the level of merchant adoption that even a relatively new competitor like Stripe has managed to get.
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:48:42
WTF i hate intellectual property law now
@_date: 2018-05-22 15:09:50


Before you wrote all that on why bitcoin was superior to 42coin, did you read the next 2 sentences that went on to show I didn't actually think 42coin was better and was just making a sarcastic point about how scarcity alone doesn't tell you anything about how valuable a currency is?




I then made some points about how dollars being able to indefinitely increase in quantity is a feature, not a bug, which you can address if you like.
Also, its a side issue, but if 42coin isn't resistant to attack why hasn't anyone attacked it? Easy millions right?


Chargebacks prevent more fraud than they allow for. Why would they be allowed if it was otherwise? Just because Satoshi claimed that chargebacks were a bad thing in his whitepaper doesn't make it unquestionable truth. It's lucky for him that something that is impossible to do on Bitcoin is also a good thing its impossible to do. It's never cryptography that is the weak link in e-theft and fraud, its everything else, and chargebacks are a vital tool in fighting everything else. Proclaiming lack of ability to do charge backs as some kind of security feature shows a serious lack of awareness of security realities (which is probably why over 1,000,000 bitcoins have been stolen in hacks despite being protected by "immutable" cryptography).
Thinking cryptography makes you safe is like putting an unbreakable lock on a wooden door. no one cares if they can't break the lock when they can just kick the door down.
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:56:38


Most places require a photo ID to cash or pay with a check because of how big the fraud risk is when there is no way to quickly confirm whether a check will go through.
You can dispute a fraudulent credit card charge back with the credit card company which will be pretty easy for the guy to do if he's been a guys lawyer and so would necessarily have a lot of legal documents proving he's done work.
There is no way you can get double spent bitcoins back.


"I hope client "spends and replaces" because that might become my largest fee I've ever gotten in 10 years"
This was not a small transaction. Well, not unless this guys a really bad lawyer.
Also who goes to a lawyer for life just because they let them pay in bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:56:46


Based on trade volumes, [a double digit percentage of all the money that has ever entered the market got in around this time]( 
The last 3 significant rises in bitcoins price have followed the same pattern. A flurry in speculative interest and price skyrockets, followed by a crash and then a long period of stagnation, followed by another larger flurry of speculation. This requires an exponentially amount of speculation each time. None of these spikes have actually been correlated to a spike in utility or acceptance, just interest from speculators. At the time of the last spike bitcoin was being abandoned by large merchants like Steam and the fees and confirmation times were in the toilet.
Given that Bitcoin was getting more searches than Trump and Pizza, and was getting mentioned on TV news, newspapers, magazines and pop culture, its unlikely there is an exponentially greater number of speculators left that would put money on bitcoin that haven't heard about it. 
"hedge against inflation" ignores where price increases have come from. It's not slow steady increase in adoption or improvements in utility. The time for speculators getting rich on other speculators has passed.
All it can do now is actually become a superior alternative to existing currencies, which it is steadfastly refusing to do so. It's accepted in fewer places you can measure than it was 4 years ago. Trade volume and transactions are at a 2 year low. Less than 0.01% of bitcoin users are using Lightning 5 months after launch, despite people claiming for years that it was going to solve all Bitcoins problem and send us straight to the moon.
@_date: 2018-05-09 14:54:47
It's going to be June in less than a month.
If you think Bitcoin is going to hit $20,000 in a month then I'll happily sell Bitcoin for $19,000 in a months time, netting you a tidy $1000 profit.
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:51:41
You have to pay tax on income regardless of what you accept it in. It doesn't matter if you're paying in dollars, gold bars, bitcoins or apples.
@_date: 2018-05-21 14:27:00
Why would I shill for Bitcoin Cash when its an even worse idea than Bitcoin Core?
If you can only see criticism of Bitcoin in terms of petty tribalism between Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Core that's your problem.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:33:19


It's a very simple point. It's also a very stupid point. How about learning about those things *before* investing your money in things you don't understand?
If your interest in economics only extends as far as your dreams of getting rich quick, then owning bitcoin isn't going to help you. You're just going to look for reasons why you're a genius for HODLing and why you're going to be a millionaire soon.


That's not a reason for anyone else to get in "sooner the better".
That's a reason for him being lazy and making poor investment decisions. No one should be taking advice from that kind of person.
@_date: 2018-05-30 12:03:36
there was actually deflation in 2009, after QE, because inflation is more complicated than just the quantity of currency.
It's funny people scream about QE and hyper-inflation when it didn't even lead to positive inflation, it just prevented a deflationary spiral from happening.
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:04:35


Works at what? It's handling less than 200k transactions a day, the last time it got anywhere close to handling 500k a day transactions were taking days to confirm and the average fees were over $20 a transaction. It will have to handle 150,000,000 transactions a day to replace something like Visa.
If you think the path to handling 150,000,000 per day is guaranteed (which is what it will have to handle to replace Visa), then you've deliberately blinded yourself to uncertainty for ideological reasons.
It's not even running close to capacity anymore, it could handle another 50% more transactions per day easily, which suggests that in its current form its already hit market saturation. And Lightning is still at 2,000 nodes if that's going to be brought up as the reason why people aren't transacting on chain any more.


Houses are always going to be worth something so long as the earth has gravity and people need shelter from the elements. There's a limited amount of space, a limited amount of building materials, and a growing number of people.
You can say "but there's a limited amount of bitcoin too!", but there's not a limited amount of currencies, or even a limited amount of currencies based on exactly the same technology as bitcoin. There are infinite perfect economic substitutes to bitcoin : the same free open source software its based on. So hoping to make money purely off scarcity rather than utility is a fools errand. If one person in the world managed to hoard all the bitcoin do you think that people couldn't just use a substitute? 
 A currency is not always going to be worth something because they can always be replaced/abandoned. What are houses going to be replaced with? Driverless RVs? Space cities? Any conceivable replacement to a house would not be great enough to render a house worthless.
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:22:16
I think you mean if.
Unless the entire world is fools for not buying into something that will make then a guaranteed 10,000x return
A speculative investment in a new technology that is not yet better than its competitors is not a "store of value".
@_date: 2018-05-17 16:21:23


Which data?


Those words don't describe security realities.
1 hardened centralized point of failure is infinitely harder to crack than 200,000 weak decentralized points, as evidenced by Stuxnet.
@_date: 2018-08-09 13:44:24


Yes, nothing is ever sold for less than it cost to buy/make.
@_date: 2018-05-30 12:07:46
Find someone who sincerely believes that bitcoin is going to be worth $100,000 in a few years.
Offer to open a futures contract with them to sell your bitcoin for $50,000 equivalent in a few years. Locking in a 100% profit for you and the person you're trading with (if their prediction comes true).
Realize you can't find anyone willing to do that, no matter how much they claim to know for a certainty bitcoin will be worth $100,000 in a few years. Cry. Have a little wank. Give up trying to get rich quick on gambling and instead dedicate your time, money and effort into generating wealth that improves your life and the lives of those around you.
Just kidding. You either die a HODLer or live long enough to see yourself become a SODLer. 10 years from now your fraction of a coin will be worth a billion dollars. You just have to have the strong hands to ignore the FUD and believe in yourself. Believe that you are worthy of this opportunity, and that the market will reward you for your risk taking innovation.
@_date: 2018-08-17 10:53:04
If you accept the "it will be terrible" if Bitcoin has 186% annual inflation, then you will have to accept that bitcoin will be doing "terrible" as we rapidly approach November-December.
I'm just looking to hold you to that statement so when we get to December you can't just say "annual inflation doesn't mean anything, if you look at a 10 year period Bitcoin is still doing better than any fiat"
@_date: 2018-05-20 15:21:06


How about using it to trade goods and services?
@_date: 2018-05-02 21:42:43
Hey at least Linux has that sweet sweet trademark protection.
@_date: 2018-05-20 12:56:45
There was deflation in 2008 after quantitative easing.
Currency isn't as simple as you think. Inflation/deflation is a dynamic relationship between quantity, velocity, supply and demand. It's not as simple as "more money = more inflation, less money = deflation"
Also debt is completely separate from inflation. Japan has the highest debt ratio of any developing country and had deflation for over a decade.
@_date: 2018-05-17 12:30:56


There are plenty of people who mined them for fun and then just threw out old hard drives with hundreds/thousands of bitcoins because they didn't believe they were ever going to be valuable. The reward has nothing to do with how much you believed in Bitcoin, and everything to do with a supply schedule that exponentially decreased the supply rate of bitcoins which allowed for speculation on scarcity.
If the supply rate exponentially increased over time rather than decreased then the opposite would happen, regardless of how early you got into bitcoin or how much risk you took. It's an ad hoc rationalization to try and justify artificial scarcity as some kind of risk taking reward. how much risk you take is completely separate from supply/demand, which is what sets price. The risk was lowest at the start when it only cost a few cents to make a bitcoin on desktop level hardware and the worst you could lose is a few cents a coin and you could stand to 100,000x your investment in 9 years. Now its impossible to get 100,000x your investment in the same time frame but you can lose thousands of dollars per coin, and be left with tens of thousands in specialist mining gear that is useless.


So it wasn't an equal opportunity for all then.
You still haven't explained how giving the highest rewards at the very start is somehow more egalitarian than just giving the same level of rewards consistently over time so that you're not at a systemic disadvantage for joining the project at a later date.
You can simplify all of this if you just accept "it's not egalitarian, it was never meant to be egalitarian, it was specifically designed so that the gains of the earliest adopters would be paid for by later adopters, that's why people like the OP think they're going to be the new 1%"
@_date: 2018-05-09 14:56:55
Great point, I never considered it like that before.
@_date: 2018-05-13 19:49:46
Even people who weren't born yet?
I'm talking specifically about the opportunity, not the outcome. Decreasing the reward you get for mining bitcoin over time means people born at a later date don't have the same opportunity. 
The outcome people fantasize about will never happen.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:15:07
@_date: 2018-05-09 14:56:12


Hardly anyone is accepting bitcoin anywhere, that doesn't mean no big retailers accepted it, which is why its a bullshit metric.
Anyone in the top 500 is "big", top 500 is the top 0.015% of retailers.
If "first big retailers" means the 1% of the 1% of the 1% then fine, it hasn't been adopted by big retailers yet, but that's a pretty ridiculous benchmark
@_date: 2018-05-02 21:50:56
Breathing air doesn't involve using force on anyone.
We're not talking about walking on government roads that inflicts force on no one and would otherwise completely block your freedom of movement if you tried to avoid using them since government roads were all built on top of places people were already using as roads.
We're talking about using monopoly courts to punish competitors of open source software in an elective lawsuit for what in essence amounts to trademark violation (another monopoly), but seeing as Satoshi forgot (read: deliberately chose not) to get a trademark we're going to call it fraud because who actually gives a fuck about principles if we think it can make us money.
@_date: 2018-05-13 18:08:12
Bitcoin is free open-source software, people aren't being rewarded according to their programming contribution they're being rewarded based on how early they got into bitcoin.
In the early days someone could mine 200 bitcoin on their desktop computer for a few cents, and buy a whole bitcoin for 10 cents.
Someone who is working full time on Lightning now stands to gain far less than someone with no programming experience who mined bitcoin in the background of their desktop computer in Bitcoins first year and now has thousands of bitcoin.
To pretend there's some kind of level playing field of such a front-heavy distribution is crazy. There's an obvious massive advantage if you got in early, that was the whole point, to attract people by offering high rewards for early adoption. It so happens to be a terrible way of attracting people to a currency after the early adopters are in. 
@_date: 2018-05-21 22:25:59
You didn't.
Which is why if you're saying AI is going to counter-act the decrease in GDP growth from other sources, you need some kind of explanation of how the rapid advances in AI in the last 20 years have not reversed the trend.
Companies are making greater and greater use of AI to run their businesses yet the trend is 
AI is not going to reverse the current GDP trend, it is already part of the GDP trend. There isn't going to be any specific moment when "AI" is invented, its a continual process we are right in the middle of. Companies like Amazon, Walmart, Tesla, Apple. Boeing make extensive use of AI already.
Without AI GDP growth would be even lower than it is, possibly even 0 excluding China, India and the US.
@_date: 2018-05-30 22:59:37
They weren't saying a reason to buy into bitcoin is because it will encourage you to learn economics and markets?
Why did they mention it as a reason then?
@_date: 2018-05-30 19:57:45


I don't, but the person I'm talking to seems to think there's some kind of relationship between buying bitcoin and becoming knowledgeable about economics and markets.


Like Tim 'Theranos wasn't a fraud' Draper? Or John 'I'm going to take home made bath salts and eat my own dick' McAfee
If you don't understand what you're investing in then you also can't understand which advice is legit and which is bullshit.
@_date: 2018-05-06 22:59:09


Sure, there will always be trade, but that doesn't mean creating a profit incentive for hoarding money doesn't have a negative effect on trade. Hyper-inflation doesn't stop trade either, but it does fuck it up an awful lot by creating an incentive to spend money far faster than people otherwise would. It's not a black and white binary position, its a sliding scale, the worse deflation/inflation is the more its going to distort an economy and the price mechanism.
People forget that you can hoard a currency and still trade by other means, [which is what started to happen during the Great depression when the USD went up 30% in value so people started hoarding money and resorting to barter where possible.]( Which is why their intuitive sense of "people will still have to spend money so deflation won't be a problem" is wrong.
Deflationists cite infrangibility as the cause of previous deflationary money shortages, but a cent was still worth less in 1930 than in 1900. It wasn't the indivisibility of a cent that caused people to resort to barter. there were more dollars in 1930 than 1900, they were just changing hands less because of the incentive to hoard and not loan/invest money.
With Bitcoin people don't need to even resort to barter to keep trading while hoarding currency, they can just keep using fiat, so the adoption will always be self limiting due to the deflationary tendency of fixed supply of currency vs growing quantity of goods and services for trade.


Everyone would love to get their current gains + deflationary gains but it ignores what money represents in the first place. It's not arbitrary, prices adjust to deflation because prices are a result of supply and demand.
You need to adjust for deflation for these calculations to make sense: If you have $100,000 and 10% deflation, why build a factory that will return $9,000 of profit a year, when just keeping hold of the $100,000 will net you the equivalent of $10,000? Every year of deflation your factory and the goods it produces will be decreasing 10% in price. so the first year the factory is worth $100,000 and makes $9,000 profit, but next year its only worth $90,000, and makes $8100 profit. Whereas $100,000 will still becoming 10% more valuable every year. If you spend less than 9% of your moneys value you will still be getting richer in real terms. 
This is how deflationary spirals happen. Initially with only a small amount of deflation, only very low yielding investments will become less profitable than hoarding money. But as more people start to hoard money, more money gets pulled out of supply and the rate of deflation increases, which makes hoarding more profitable.
The zero sum answer to this is "good, that means money will only go to things more profitable than deflation", but that is not good, because money isn't wealth, wealth isn't zero sum and profitability is not an inherent measure of how wealth something is creating. Many of the most efficient businesses have the lowest margins because intense competition drives price down to cost as much as possible. This causes a disbalancing of the economy. Not only do you get less investment, but people start only to invest in things that return more than deflation: high risk loans and business ventures.
With 10% deflation its no longer feasible to loan $100,000 to a small business owner at 5%, but is feasible to loan $1,000 for 3 weeks at 20% (i.e. irresponsible loan sharking becomes more profitable than stable investment)






1 - This is a side issue to deflation. There will still be philanthropists and trust fund kids blowing their money regardless if the money is deflationary, inflationary or neutral. Concentration of wealth is not the primary problem of deflationary currency. In most cases it makes it worse but you could still redistribute via taxation (or crypto protocol) if having deflationary currency was better in every other way.
2 - See 1
3 - Any rent seeking is bad for the economy as it diverts effort and resources away from producing wealth into simply gaining wealth by making other people worse off. Also deflation in no way helps poor people more than rich people. A poor person has no competitive advantage from deflation. It is agnostic to everything but how much money/wealth you hold, and poor people obviously hold less money than rich people. If you're poor you can't afford to keep large amounts of wealth idle in cash, you need to spend it on things like rent, transport. Rich are still getting richer they're just not having to produce as much value.  Anti-deflation movements through history have nearly always been led by poor farmers due to how deflation degrades the value of crops and farm land, disrupts trade and increases the burden of debt farmers rely on to weather bad years.
@_date: 2018-05-02 21:35:22


Bitcoin is still taxed.
Utah now accepts tax payments in Bitcoin and multiple other states are looking at similar proposals.
They wouldn't be doing this if it was impossible to tax Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-23 22:57:55


Because I know what exponential growth looks like.
We haven't had thousands of years of exponential GDP growth. For the vast majority of human history there has been no significant GDP growth. [GDP per capita actually decreased between 500 BC and 1500 AD]( an over 1,000 year period. although it slightly increased in real terms just because there were more people even though they were becoming less and less advanced and productive.
Only for the last 200 years have we seen any significant GDP per capita growth and if you can man a calculator you know that rate can't continue for very long. you're skeptical so I'll show you in the next quote:


I never said there can't be indefinite growth. I said there can't be indefinite exponential growth. 
There are currently 7,000,000,000 human brains. Let's say that number goes up by 1% every year.
How many years do you think can go by at that rate before you hit your 19,300,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 human brains?
Yup, that's right. In a fraction of the time humans have been alive for we would hit the limit on number of brains the sun can sustain (assuming your numbers are right, i didn't double check).
That's why indefinite exponential growth is not possible for even relatively short periods of time on the cosmic scale, let alone indefinitely. 


There are lots of things an AI can't do as well as a human that still aren't very valuable.
It's completely arbitrary to say "well they can't do this yet so they can't be very valuable". Even if an AI could replace all mechanical turks it would only be a fraction of the current value held by something like Alexa, let alone the total value of current AI (which is not consumer facing).
You'd actually have to show that the potential market for things in the Mechanical Turk area of AI competency was somehow much more valuable than what it can currently do like predict when someone is pregnant from their amazon purchases or predict how many bags of peanuts they're going to need in Tuscons largest Walmart store next superbowl.
Every Mechanical Turk in the world combined could not work out one of those questions in the time it would still be relevant by the time the answer came in.
@_date: 2018-08-11 11:40:09


What will people say when this is no longer the case?
"Bitcoin is still up a ton from 2 years ago!", so why bother saying 1 year ago? Why not just say "Bitcoin is still worth more than when it was worth nothing", then you can never be wrong.
@_date: 2018-05-19 14:10:08
That website doesn't appear to exist.
@_date: 2018-05-04 11:50:32
USD has lost 50% of its value several times in the last 10 years.
Much less stable than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:32:47


I'm not the one claiming 2-3% annual depreciation in a currency's value is intolerable.
If you are claiming that level of inflation is intolerable then you need a pretty good reason why a currency that has lost 50-75% of its value several times in the last 10 years and for several years at a time is somehow more tolerable.


If I planned on holding a dollar for a century that might be a concern. I use them for trade, and I have no interest in sitting on a pile of trade tokens for 100 years that aren't doing anything to improve my life when I can either spend them on things I enjoy or spend them on things that generate wealth.
@_date: 2018-05-04 20:06:02


Then they didn't do the most basic research into what they were buying and have no more case than if they had bought some Dinars without realizing multiple different currencies are called Dinars.
If you buy Dinars.com and sell dinars then good fucking luck having a currency trader win a successful suit because they aren't selling the one true Dinars that can settle true Dinar debt.
You would have a better chance suing people selling those bags of plastic bitcoins than suing someone because you bought bitcoin and didn't realize there's a difference between BTC and BCH.
that's never happened (despite the one fake news story that keeps circulating about it). a judge would laugh in your face if you claimed you were defrauded because you didn't bother to check bitcoins aren't actually little plastic coins.


What is considered fraud varies from court system to court system based on different statutes and case law, there is no objective universal definition. What some courts will consider fraud others will consider it caveat emptor. You can't force me into agreeing to your laws in an anarchist system as long as I am not aggressing against you.
You can't simultaneously claim freedom from a monopoly legal system and then claim everyone has to play by your rules.


I thought transaction irreversibility was meant to help stop all those fraudulent chargebacks? 
@_date: 2018-05-02 12:01:27


Plenty of slaves were given freedom and wouldn't have "taken" it otherwise.
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:32:52


You can buy and sell more bitcoins than exist with derivatives. There is nothing stopping you writing a contract that says "I agree to sell you 1000 bitcoin in 2 years time for $10,000" despite you not having 1000 bitcoins, and nothing stopping the total number being bought and sold in derivatives being higher than the total number of bitcoins in existence. Derivatives markets can be several times the actual market size.


Exchanges have already run fractional reserves.
Nothing in the code of bitcoin stops you running a fractional reserve anymore than anything in the physics of a gold atom stops you running a fractional reserve. Only law saying it was illegal to run a fractional reserve could do that, and only to the degree the law could be enforced.


If supply rose  with demand then price wouldn't increase, it would be impossible to increase the price by speculation and so there'd be no incentive to buy just to speculate.
Everyone would be free to use bitcoin as currency as much as they liked without worrying about losing out on 10,000x gains or speculators pumping and dumping the price.
@_date: 2018-05-30 11:59:33


Do you know what the rate of inflation was between 2008 and 2009?
@_date: 2018-05-19 13:08:55
Exactly, the number of the cap is irrelevant, and nothing about having a cap requires exponentially decreasing rewards, you can just have the same average reward rate until the cap is hit.
So explain how its more egalitarian to give people 10,000x more bitcoin per block in the first years of bitcoin than in the later years?
How is it more fair for someone to have 10,000x less opportunity to get bitcoin because they were born later? How is it less egalitarian if everyone just gets the same amount of bitcoin per block until the cap is hit?
Or if you can't answer any of those basic questions, at least answer how you think its egalitarian to have exponentially decreasing mining rewards only for 130 years and then none after that. What about only being allowed to mine exponentially decreasing amounts of bitcoin for 130 years is the most egalitarian distribution possible?
@_date: 2018-05-13 19:55:25


He hasn't cashed out in 10 years so therefore he's completely trustworthy? He's not just waiting for bitcoin to become more valuable?
Theranos was going for 12 years before people realized it was a massive fraud.
Why should trust even be required? If he has no intention in moving those funds he could have donated them to charity.
Other crypto project leads have deliberately avoided this conflict of interest by not having major holdings in the currency they work on.


No one is ever forced to take an IMF loan. Nations take it because its better than going bankrupt. Whatever happened to letting the market decide?


Yes, much less trust required that a completely anonymous person will never decide to liquidate billions in bitcoin wealth than to make a voluntary debt restructuring deal with one of the biggest NGOs in the world. Much more accountability.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:51:39


If you're going to say we can create energy from nothing then why bother stopping there?
Why can't this supergenius AI figure out how to break the speed of light?


You're right, we don't. 
You do need to prove that the very specific benchmark of "unless it can replace things like mechanical turks then its not valuable/general AI yet" when that the only measurements available show that kind of work is far less valauble than the work AI is already doing.
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:02:49
Whether you get a pay rise or not has nothing to do with inflation or deflation, its set by supply and demand for labor.
Wages can rise faster than inflation or drop faster than deflation.
If demand for labor drops them the price of labor will go down relative to the value of currency, whether that labor is paid for in dollars, bitcoin, yen or gold.
If bitcoin goes up in value, people just don't keep getting paid the same amount of bitcoin anymore than you keep paying 10,000 bitcoin for two pizzas.
Try to get a job now in silicon valley paying 10,000 bitcoin a day if you think somehow deflation will protect you from pay cuts.
It seems your problem isn't with inflation or deflation but the fact that automation and globalization have depressed demand for wages which has depressed demand for labor which has caused wages to become stagnant or fall in some places.
Whether there is inflation or deflation will not change this, as proven by Japan and China.
@_date: 2018-05-14 11:29:30


No, I just think "what if we didn't accept IMF money in exchange for agreeing to economic reforms" isn't some genius insight they've never thought of.


Often times political incentives run counter to what is good governance. This isn't one of those times, because the IMF are massively unpopular in the countries that have taken a bailout and many politicians got voted out almost immediately for agreeing to it.
Politicians don't want to give up power to make the economy worse to piss voters off for no reason. There has to be some reason and it clearly isn't "the vote winning appeal of selling out to foreign bankers which the majority of the electorate fucking hate".
They do it because even though they're self serving, and even though its unpopular, they know letting the economy collapse would be even more unpopular, and they're not that short sighted that they'll do something that will be popular for about 6 months before destroying the economy. 


Iceland took plenty of bailout money. I think you're confusing them allowing banks to collapse and freezing capital movement with them not taking money:


Iceland is a country of 350,000 people, with a vast natural resource-to-population ratio, and their debt to GDP ratio was never greater than 85% so they were never in grave danger and didn't require any fundamental economic reforms after they cleared the fraudulent debt they were invested in, which was easy to do because they had a tiny economy. It only took a small amount of foreign money to keep their economy going during their economic recovery, which gave them the freedom to let the banks fail and support new ones.
Greece is a nation of 10,000,000 people, with a much larger and much more dysfunctional and unproductive economy and a very high debt to GDP ratio (it was over 100% before the crisis even started). The only reason that country is still standing is because of huge amounts of loans given by the IMF, EU and ECB.
Even then it was probably a mistake and Greece probably should have been left to fail as a warning, but the political solidarity of the EU is considered too important and having a failed state on the border with Turkey, Africa and eastern europe is not something anyone wants.
@_date: 2018-05-04 18:41:51
Do you think small businesses can just hold large percentages of their cashflow? That's not running a business its gambling with the businesses cashflow.
If any significant percentage of their customers are using bitcoin then they absolutely cannot afford the risk that bitcoin takes a 20-30% dive one week and suddenly they can't pay their staff or their suppliers.
If the goal is to accumulate as much bitcoin as possible, why even offer a discount? Why not just make every customer pay 100% in fiat then use fiat to buy bitcoin and save yourself a bundle?
The answer is its a gimmick, which is why this kind of post is limited to some photo of a front desk from an indeterminate point in time rather than an announcement of a major retailer
If Bitcoin was so popular that offering a 20% discount was actually good business do you not think businesses like Amazon would be all over it?
@_date: 2018-05-14 11:54:37


"if you don't like it build something else" is irrelevant to addressing the claim of whether distributing the vast majority of a currency in a single decade is "egalitarian"
Regardless, I don't need to build it, it already exists, it's called fiat. Everyone, including bitcoin holders, prefer fiat for currency to bitcoin. One reason among many being you're not put at a 100,000x disadvantage because you weren't around when first dollars were being issued (which obviously the vast majority of people are never going to be because of how time works). Another being that since fiat isn't fixed supply there isn't an incentive to not spend it for years with the hopes of becoming a millionaire from currency speculation. So people actually use it for trade instead of just sitting on it while using another currency for trade.


Including the people who weren't even born yet? Including people who live in a village with no internet and no electricity who haven't even heard of Bitcoin yet?
How do you think the opportunity to get 500 bitcoins from a few cents of electricity in 2010, and having to pay $8,000 in 2018 or $500,000,000 in 2050 all offer an equal opportunity? Do you think the person was born when bitcoin is at $500m has the same opportunity to become part of this "new wealth elite" as the person who got in at 6 cents?
Pyramid style distribution is explicity inequal in opportunity. Those who get in first have the greatest opportunity, that's the whole point, otherwise there wouldn't be an incentive for early adoption.


Everyone has that power, the power to write an IOU. anything can be used as money.
good luck from trying to stop me from voluntarily using a piece of paper to buy goods or issue debts.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:41:34
1800 bitcoins are "printed" every day. Why is this okay but somehow in 122 years it will "distort" markets to print any bitcoins.
If any increase in currency supply is bad why didn't Satoshi just make 1 bitcoin and then let people divide it infinitely?
@_date: 2018-05-18 15:24:05
The inherent value being talked about was in an economic sense, as opposed to speculative value, not just a general sense of value.


Then the price of bitcoin is massively inflated above the inherent value of the utility of the technology.
People aren't paying so much for bitcoin because of the economic utility of a medium of exchange, they're paying based on speculation on artificial scarcity, which is not the utility of the technology.
A lumberjack isn't going to pay $10,000 for an axe if they can get an axe that cuts trees just as good for $100.
In economics there are basically no recorded instances where something with perfect economic substitutes can be thousands of times more expensive than its substitutes.
@_date: 2017-12-25 14:54:51
So everyone who was saying that it was a good thing the price was going up so high was wrong?
@_date: 2018-05-29 12:33:26
I thought bitcoin was meant to be decentralized peer to peer currency? I thought it was supposed to reduced fees from middlemen, not increase them?
how do you think an ATM company charging fees higher than existing fiat infrastructure fits into that?
also this is clearly just self promotion for a company that makes money from bitcoin ATMs. How is a bitcoin ATM useful for anything apart from milking money off speculators?
@_date: 2018-05-12 21:51:05
GDPR says nothing about financial services companies having to retain data, that is covered by other legislation.
GDPR is specifically for limiting the amount of data companies can harvest and hold, and granting people rights to their own data.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:00:48


Since cryptos were invented, what percentage of cryptos have gone to zero versus what percentage of fiat currencies?
@_date: 2018-05-13 22:59:18


After it lost more than 50% of its value in the last 5 months and shows no sign of any increasing adoption and is in fact being accepted by fewer of the top 500 US retailers now than it was 4 years ago?
Bitcoin cannot see the same gains it already has without requiring several more times than the global GDP. 


How do you think you, some guy in a village in Mozambique who doesn't have internet access and hasn't even heard of bitcoin, and someone who bought 10,000 bitcoins for 2 pizzas 8 years ago are all at a level playing field?
There are individual owners of bitcoin who have the power to completely crash the value of the currency at will. No other top 10 currency is so poorly distributed that a single person could half its value in minutes.


That must be why people say "don't invest more than you can afford to lose", and why its lost 75% of its value several times in the last 10 years. Because of how safe it is.
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:41:54


Having a small number of nodes with a few nodes with lots of channels acting as hubs vs a larger number of nodes with fewer channels and no hubs.
You can have decentralized mesh nets where no node is more central than any other yet a single node going down will take out double digit percentages of the network connectivity.
You can also have centralized mesh nets where you can have huge hubs that can be taken down without losing any network connectivity except to the node that went down.
This is why titles such as the OP are misleading because it reinforces a misconception that redundancy and decentrality are synonyms, so its assumed if a network is more redundant it must be more decentralized somehow.
And these are simplified models where the weaknesses of decentrality are shown in the best light. In messy reality the uptime, capacity and reliability of amateur nodes is going to be much worse than professionally run nodes, and require far higher redundancy to achieve the same results.


Only if you assume a low level of channel redundancy. With channel redundancy you can easily take out a large hub and not lose any connectivity (minus that one node) so long as there are redundant channels.
The options aren't either everyone has 1 channel in a decentralized ring or everyone only has 1 channel to a centralized hub.
@_date: 2018-05-02 17:53:18
I was largely under the impression that this community considered anything but bitcoin to be a "shitcoin" scam, especially one that is actively working with a government monopoly and so not upholding any crypto ideals of "decentralization" or bringing down corrupt government institutions.
@_date: 2018-05-11 22:16:27
We can trust him to be honest about other investments he stands to financially gain from through right?
@_date: 2018-05-04 11:49:13


No its not.
In order for savings to be lending there needs to be someone lending them out so that someone can make use of that money.
deflation isn't the same thing as interest rates on savings.
@_date: 2018-05-18 22:09:16
Institutional investment is coming in soon. These fires are an insurance job so they can buy up your hodlings.
DONT SELL
@_date: 2018-05-18 22:06:42
Someone said 99% of people don't accept it, you said "yeah, in your first world, un-tariffed, countrythere. People who need bitcoin accept it, and plenty of people do", implying that there are countries where more than 1% of people are accepting it.
I asked which countries, you replied with "accepting =\= supported by", even though no one mentioned "supported by" before, and we were specifically talking about accepting.
@_date: 2018-05-12 21:50:11
You are correct, GDPR requires companies to retain less data, not more.
@_date: 2018-05-31 17:52:36


You're not going to pay taxes on bitcoin until you have enough money to buy an airplane?
@_date: 2018-05-02 20:19:41


That doesn't give it intrinsic value.
Fiat serves a purpose, it doesn't make it intrinsically valuable, its extrinsically valuable. Once people no longer treat it as a currency then its worth as much as any other piece of paper.
this comment thread is about what intrinsic value bitcoin has, if any, not whether its valuable.
@_date: 2018-05-02 16:39:18
You don't think the "intrinsic value" of bitcoin can go to zero?
If people stop using a currency that isn't backed by anything then it will become worthless. 
This is not unique to fiat.
Bitcoin has been around for 9 years, which if 10-20x shorter than some fiat currencies have survived for. Might want to wait a bit longer before declaring Bitcoin can never be abandoned like fiat currencies have been.
@_date: 2018-05-19 13:59:41
Lee predicted $20,000 by "mid 2018" back in February.
If he couldn't predict the price 4 months in advance, why would you believe he can predict it 7 months in advance?
@_date: 2018-05-19 22:57:39


An exponential decrease every 4 years does not result in a smooth transition, it results in a rapid drop off. [50% of bitcoins were already distributed in the first 4 years]( 80% of the bitcoins were distributed within the first 9 years.


If that was true, rewards would have to gradually decrease over that length of time. Not reduce down to almost nothing within 30 years. 
How is an exponential decrease every 4 years smoother than a gradual decrease down to zero over time? Exponential is the opposite of gradual. You don't have to halve something many times before it becomes a tiny fraction of what it originally was.
also "it might not work if it was more egalitarian" is not the same as "its more egalitarian this way". It's just trying to redefine "egalitarian" as "whatever works". Ancient Rome was much more prosperous than hunter gatherer tribes, it didn't make it more egalitarian. 
you think its going to turn a tiny percentage of the population into the new 1%, based on an opportunity that only existed for 8 years. However positive you think that will be, "egalitarian" is not an accurate description.


I've heard this repeated many times and never justified.
How is the risk lower now than it was then? The amount of money you could gain was much higher and the amount you could lose was much lower, now the opposite is true.
You could buy 100 bitcoins for a buck at one point. At worse you were going to lose a buck, and could have made 1.9 million in 8 years. some people think you'll be able to make 190 million or more. 
Now to get 100 bitcoins costs thousands of times more, and you can easily lose tens of thousands of dollars in the course of a few weeks, and you have no chance of seeing the same gains.
 
@_date: 2018-05-20 20:21:22


Did you miss the part where its not longer relevant because the mining difficulty is 13x greater than when that was the case?
If your argument is "if its smaller than christmas lights then its okay", it no longer applies. And if it doesn't matter if Bitcoin use 3-10x more energy than Christmas lights, then why even mention Christmas lights?


It also handles far fewer transactions. A car uses less energy than a bus, it doesn't mean its more energy efficient because buses carry more people.


The math is if credit and debit cards were as efficient as 60 TWh per 250,000 x 365 transactions then credit and debit cards would be costing 183,513 TWh per year. 
Have a google at what the global energy consumption is if you think thats efficient.
@_date: 2018-05-29 13:47:50
...and reverse transactions, and prevent new transactions from going ahead.
There are a thousand different ways you could use those techniques to make money.
Even if it was as simple as selling a bunch of bitcoins, initiating a 51% attack to crash the price and then buying them back.
All you're reliant on is it being more profitable to mine than collude. There is nothing in the bitcoin protocol to stop that from happening. 
As mining rewards dry up, the difficulty increases and the price stops increasing as fast, the ratio of mining profit to network value will keep going down.
@_date: 2018-05-06 21:30:44
Someone trying to commit currency fraud doesn't make the currency a fraud.
If someone tries to pay you in Australian dollars when you asked for Canadian dollars you can't just sue anyone who uses Australian dollars for "fraud".
But continue trying to get the government to protect your trustless permissionless immutable currency, I'm sure that's going to work out well.
@_date: 2018-05-18 17:59:08


I'm not sure what you're trying to say with this. Any money supply is always "fully reserved" when you look only at the money that actually exists.
The only distinction in this case would be whether its a government fractional reserve on a government currency or a market fractional reserve on a market currency. Government are the only ones with the power to stop people running fractional reserves.
people are already happy to accept non-blockchain "bitcoins" as perfect substitutes for bitcoin. Look at how many people are holding and spending "bitcoins" that are in fact just a promise by Coinbase or bitpay to give bitcoin on request. If you look at anywhere claiming to accept bitcoin nearly all of them are accepting a promise from a 3rd party reserve rather than a blockchain transaction.


It doesn't, but it certainly helps if its not more than 10% annual inflation/deflation. 10% inflation/deflation a week is far too much to be tolerable in a currency you actually use for cashflow, when there are far more stable alternatives available.
At 10% deflation during the Great Depression people were already resorting to barter rather than spending deflationary currency. With Bitcoin people can just keep using fiat with no need to either resort to barter or start using bitcoin as currency.
Any currency supply that's just on a predetermined schedule with no ability to react to market changes is going to find itself over/under supplied. Gold and cowry both had long inflationary (oversupply) and deflationary (undersupply) periods despite the fact that the supply adjusted to demand, because supply wasn't perfectly elastic. 
Bitcoin has no elasticity outside of 2 weeks. This doubles down on the volatility on both ends. When bitcoin demand grows, supply can't grow and price will shoot up. When bitcoin demand falls, supply can't fall and the price will crash. It's also guaranteed to become under-supplied unless the global demand for currency starts shrinking at the same rate as its supply.  
Requiring exponentially decreasing adoption growth for a currency to maintain a stable price is not a good feature in a currency you want to see go from 0% adoption to 100%.
@_date: 2018-05-08 20:24:39
[He was predicting $20,000 by mid-2018 back in December](
He was also on telling people to buy Bitcoin in December, making no mention of an impending price crash, then after the price crash he said that the correction was "very healthy" and said they had previously thought Bitcoin was overvalued by 40%, despite making no mention of this in previous appearances just 2 weeks before the crash.
@_date: 2018-05-18 19:21:28


There is nothing stopping a bitcoin "bank" (exchange) from settling debts in bitcoin promises rather than actual bitcoins. The very ability to do this is the cause of several failures and runs on bitcoin exchanges who have sold more promises of bitcoin than they have bitcoin.
Money creation and fractional reserve are two different things. You can run anything on a fractional reserve so long as its legal and you have people willing to participate in it. You have not described how Bitcoins "fully reserved" status somehow means you can't run a fractional reserve bank/exchange anymore than you could with gold or fiat.


How is this different from any other fractional reserve? If more people try to withdraw more money than the bank holds in reserve then the bank will fail. There is still an underlying quantity of existent currency. There has to be some currency in existence to build a fractional reserve on top of it.
This all seems like a very roundabout way to describe something different, which is that fiat banks can create money by loaning it whereas bitcoin miners have to do proof of work, which is not the same thing as having a fractional reserve or not.


When the supply of bitcoin was much higher and the demand was much lower then it was much less deflationary. As supply decreased and demand rose, price started increasing, which drew in speculators which increased price which drew in more speculators.
The only way to avoid this volatility would be by reforming the protocol to allow supply elasticity. You can't simultaneously tell people they can get rich by buying up bitcoin and then selling it later and not cause speculative bubbles where a bunch of people try to buy, hold, then sell bitcoin to make a profit, causing speculative cycles of price spikes and crashes.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:58:57
It's 120 day volatility is worse than any point in the last 4 years. It's 60 day volatility is worse than any time in the last 3 years.
People don't care if bitcoin goes from $10,500 to $10,000 and back again in a month. They do care if it goes from $10,000 to $7,000 in 3 months.
@_date: 2018-05-19 15:05:05
Thanks. 
Can't seem to find anything about paying with lightning though, can only find paying with credit/debit card.
@_date: 2018-05-13 13:38:56




Bitcoin is the most egalitarian way to introduce a new form of money and will also turn a tiny percentage of the population who got in first into a new wealthy elite.
You can't both say that bitcoin is going to make the first people who got involved into a new wealthy elite and also say its egalitarian and intended to make sure as many average people as possible could get involved. If that were true there would be no elite, the average person would be "elite".
How exactly were the billions of people who have no internet access and no disposable income meant to get access to Bitcoin in the first 10 years when for the first 5 of those 10 years almost no one outside of "programmers and nerds" were even aware of it? How was someone born 10 years after Bitcoin launched meant to have an equal opportunity as someone who was 20 years old?
The majority of bitcoins were distributed before the average person even knew about it. The average person has 0 bitcoins. How exactly is then shutting off the supply of bitcoins before the average person has any supposed to make it more egalitarian for the average person?
Shouldn't an egalitarian distribution not put someone at a massive disadvantage for being born 10 years after Bitcoin was invented?
@_date: 2018-05-02 22:10:32


Why are you saying that like that is somehow a huge credential that cancels out complicity in one of the biggest financial frauds in the last 10 years?
It hasn't even launched yet, its yet another speculative ICO. There has already been significant financial mismanagement with how Tezos has handled its funds so far, that is not the investment I would be using to try and clear Drapers name.


Is defending blatant fraud also part of being a VC?
When everyone else was cashing out of Theranos due to the public announcement of massive fraud, he was doubling down, blaming accusations of fraud on a sexist conspiracy against the CEO.
Either he's so incompetent that even after fraud went public and everyone cashed out, he still didn't think to properly investigate the blatant evidence of fraud, or he's not incompetent and knew the company was fraudulent but was just lying about it to try and help save his investment.
He's either incompetent or a scam artist. He's never once acknowledged that Theranos engaged in widespread fraud, or the he was a fool for pushing so hard for them when even the most basic due diligence would have shown they didn't have the technology they claimed to have.
@_date: 2018-05-17 21:18:15


Mining gold actually produces gold. People are constantly looking for ways to extract gold more cheaply. No one is trying to spend more and more energy mining less and less gold. The dream is to use nanotechnology to extract gold from seawater using little to no electricity, or to land one of the quadrillion dollar gold asteroids onto earth.
If we could write a piece of code that would give everyone as much gold as they want we would do that.
The goal of gold mining is not to keep gold scarce. 
@_date: 2018-05-18 22:42:33
You don't have to make the cap any smaller to keep the reward rate the same over time.  You haven't even answered the most basic question of how an exponentially decreasing reward schedule is more egalitarian than just keeping it the same until the cap is hit. 
Exponentially decreasing rewards means people have exponentially smaller opportunity to mine bitcoin if they come later than earlier, not determined by risk or anything other than the fact the protocol exponentially decreases reward over time. That's by definition ensuring and inequal opportunity.
People are just saying "egalitarian" because it sounds cool and fair without any interest in what the word would actually mean in context.
You can't just say "its egalitarian, if you don't get it I don't have time to explain it to you" as if that somehow makes any kind of point. If what you really mean is "I can't answer the most basic questions to defend the idea that this is somehow egalitarian" then say that, rather than high horsing pretending you're actually making good points but I'm too dumb to get them.


Why do you think the absolute number of coins matters? Do you think Bitcoin would be more or less egalitarian if it was a 20 million cap or a 22 million cap? It can't ever be more egalitarian than 21 million?
@_date: 2018-05-15 13:33:31


Supply rate has already halved twice, once in 2012 and once in 2016.
By the logic that the smaller the bitcoin supply rate, the greater the advantage, people who got into bitcoin in 2016 should have had a bigger advantage than people who got in at 2012 or 2009.
Unless you say, well they won't have the advantage the early adopters had, but they have a different advantage. Well which advantage is greater, being an early adopter or a later adopter? It's impossible for them both to have the greater advantage. Either the opportunity is equal or its greater/lesser.
Why do people who say that Bitcoin is going to hit $1m-100m a coin and make them rich, and is also going to "stabilize in price once it hits mass adoption" say that people who will only be able to get bitcoin decades from now will actually have a greater advantage than the people who had a chance to become multi millionaires from sitting on $500 in coins?
How exactly is that more egalitarian than a supply protocol that just ensured a consistent value of bitcoin (or even just a consistent increase in value) so that you had no greater or lesser advantage regardless of when you were born and when you started to use bitcoin? Rather than a system designed to have exponential decreases in supply to cause exponential increases in price which cannot be sustained over long periods of time? 
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:39:25
Isn't it misinforming then to describe this chart as showing LN becoming more distributed when its only showing it becoming more redundant, which is as much a factor of growing size as anything else.
you can still make the same point but with a more accurate label.


I see it more often a concern of hubs being gatekeepers of the network. Just like there are multiple banks you can choose from, having multiple hubs you can route around doesn't matter if all the hubs still operate under the same financial regulations. Having more routes available doesn't help if they all go through a hub at some point.
If you care about attacks then high redundancy hubs are what you want because there's no way individual hobbyists can protect their nodes as well as a large institutional player who can have a team of security personnel working around the clock ready to respond at a moments notice.
The theoretical benefit of lack of centrality is cancelled out by the practical benefits you get from economies of scale and higher redundancy.
@_date: 2018-08-09 17:25:04
That's the worst attempt at justifying the labor theory of value that I've ever heard.
@_date: 2018-05-07 20:23:51
Unless it just gets bought up by bigger whales who then use their increased leverage to do more price manipulation to increase their shares even further?
@_date: 2018-05-02 17:00:56
when Euros came in, Deutschemarks didn't just "go to zero". There was a long period of time when Deutschemarks were convertible to equal value of Euros. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 21:41:40


But you'll still use monopoly force and monopoly laws in the mean time?
Sounds principled. Like all those abolitionists who used slave labor. There was no other way of doing it.
We must fully become the things we hate in order to defeat them.
@_date: 2018-05-30 12:20:17
Every time BCC has gone down it has only gone up even higher.
@_date: 2018-05-13 18:38:09


"believing in or based on the principle that all people are equal and deserve equal rights and opportunities."
We have radically different ideas of what an "equal opportunity" consists of if you think that the opportunity someone has who just heard of bitcoin today (or just got an internet connection), is equal to that of someone who could mine 200 bitcoins on their desktop computer for a few dollars of electricity in a few days.
you're saying two directly contradictory things: one that bitcoin distribution was set up in such a way to ensure equal opportunity to all, that the average person would be able to get their hands on bitcoin just as easily as the richest and that it wouldn't be dominated by a small elite, and two, that the distribution of bitcoin was set up so that a small number of early adopters would have the opportunity to become a new extremely wealthy elite that only people who got into bitcoin at the very start would have the opportunity to do.
How exactly is that more egalitarian than bitcoin keeping a consistent value so that someone who gets into bitcoin 20 years has no more or less an advantage than someone who got into it 10 years ago or 100 years from now?
The distribution of bitcoin was designed specifically not to provide equal opportunity, not to be egalitarian. The entire plan to encourage early adoption was to offer inequal opportunity, by promising huge rewards to first comers that would then dwindle down to nothing, causing those who got in earliest to profit massively from those who came in later and now had to pay much more for bitcoin than the early adopters. There's a name for that kind of distribution. And its not "egalitarian".


The average median person has no bitcoins. How many bitcoins do you think are held by hedge funds and venture capitalists? It's millions btw.
Your claim that this distribution has allowed the average person to get bitcoin whilst locking out "corrupt institutions" doesn't pass basic reality testing. The complete opposite has happened, the vast majority of bitcoins have gone to a tiny number of people, mostly people in the global .1%, yet you want to pretend this isn't happening because it sounds bad to acknowledge that you want to be in a tiny rich elite of early adopters, which can only happen if by definition the distribution is not egalitarian and early adopters get a massive advantage on everyone who comes later.


If those are the only two options you can think of then no wonder you think Bitcoin is the most egalitarian currency distribution method ever conceived. 
But yes, that would be a more egalitarian option if you could trust them, which you can just as much as you can definitely trust an anonymous fake japanese man not to tank the value of your currency at any moment by moving the million bitcoin he decided to award to himself when printing bitcoin was cheaper than printing dollars.
@_date: 2018-05-30 18:00:02


This seems to read as "people only value bitcoin for as much fiat as they can get for it".
How is this compatible with the idea that bitcoin has some independent value and it only looks volatile in fiat price?
How is bitcoin supposed to have some stable non-fiat value if people will only ever accept it based on what its worth in fiat?
No one is willing to sell a Lambo for 1 bitcoin unless they check first that 1 bitcoin is actually worth the dollar value of a Lambo, because no one cares what 1 bitcoin is worth outside of what its worth in fiat.


Or just find anyone willing to accept crypto as payment for something? Wasn't that meant to be the point?
You don't need "institutional adoption" to be able to buy and sell things in a currency. There are people buying and selling things in prison using cigarettes and ramen, anything can be used as a currency so long as people believe it has value and are willing to exchange it.
@_date: 2018-05-02 16:54:39
Not just that, but there is nothing stopping everyone from deciding to raise the cap on Bitcoin.
People want to pretend that bitcoins supply is secured by "math" but its a consensus based protocol which means you can print as many bitcoin as people agree to be printed. Right now the consensus is 21 million, but it could be changed to 21 quadrillion if they wanted.
So the difference is nothing more fundamental than "yeah but bitcoiners wouldn't want to hyperinflate their currency, but sometimes governments do", which is a matter of circumstance, not ability.
so far miners and users incentives have been aligned (keep bitcoin going up in price as much as possible), but when mining rewards start to dry up, these incentives will diverge and oppose. Miners will now profit most off maximizing fees and transactions, rather than continued increases in price of bitcoins.
In theory a bunch of active users can be just as influential as miners and developers, but in practice the latter have much more say over the direction that forks take.
If you look at even soft-forks like Segwit, the average user actually has very little power to influence adoption if big institutional players don't support it.
@_date: 2018-05-21 13:55:40


Except DVD players, smart phones, TVs, microwaves, electric cars, solar panels etc?


I believe a guy playing roulette is going to lose money eventually, it doesn't mean its a good idea to bet that he's going to lose his next spin. Someone far richer than me can easily bet enough on roulette to bankrupt me even if their eventual loss is certain. It's a much better use of money to invest in things that actually create wealth instead of gambling on the financial markets. In gambling you can only win as much as someone else loses.


Nothing is valuable just because its scarce. Platinum is 3x scarcer than gold but gold is worth more per ounce because gold has more uses and more demand.


There will never be more than 42 42Coins. while you're throwing money away on one of millions of BTC which they're going to mint millions more of, 42coin has already hit its cap. Truly sound money, a reliable store of value.
Wait I forget that market cap and having some use besides being rare only counts when comparing Bitcoin with other crypto, not bitcoin vs fiat.
Bitcoin is more valuable than 42coin despite having an increasing supply and a lower unit price, just as dollars are more valuable than Bitcoin despite having an increasing supply and a lower unit price.
The supply of dollars increasing is what keeps the dollar stable and stops speculators making the price volatile by buying up lots and then trying to sell off a bunch, causing large spikes and falls in value. There's no incentive to try and buy and sell dollars for speculative gain. they will always be worth at least slightly less than you paid for them, meaning the only reason to use them is for trading of goods and services, which makes them very useful and widely accepted currency.
@_date: 2018-05-09 15:01:53
I thought institutional money was going to send bitcoin to the moon?
@_date: 2018-05-13 20:16:36
That's fine, I never said everyone has to receive massive gains.
That's also proving that the OPs point about the distribution being egalitarian wrong.
egalitarian means equal opportunity. there is obviously not an equal opportunity to acquire bitcoins if the protocol was set so that the vast majority of bitcoins would be distributed in a single decade, meaning anyone born after that time has nowhere near the same opportunity to amass bitcoin.
There are people who believe that bitcoin will become so valuable, that their investment of $1000 in bitcoin 5 years ago will at some point appreciate so much they'll never have to work again. These people believe they will become a new elite, the new 1%.
Unless you believe bitcoin is just going to indefinitely increase in value then that's only an opportunity a tiny number of people would ever have in human history. It's the complete opposite of egalitarian and intentionally so.
It makes no sense to call it egalitarian and is just an attempt for people who want to become rich elites to somehow justify it as altruistic.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:52:57


I'm not advocating either, I'm pointing out flaws in the idea that "bitcoin is the most egalitarian way to introduce a new form of money", which is clearly bullshit. You introduced "its not egalitarian if it works worse" so rather than waste time arguing that concept I granted it and then thought of a new way you could still make it more egalitarian and better functioning.


"This was the most egalitarian way to introduce a new form of money. He honestly was also very aware of the fact that libertarians and programmers would be the first involved and would therefore become the new wealthy elite"
From the OP.
This is part of a wider trend of people deifying Satoshi in particular and crypto in general and looking to spin everything as a positive regardless of how contradictory (or arbitrarily chosen by Satoshi) it is. This mindless following will rot the system inside out.


Why would the Winkelvoss twins ever need to work again if you believe bitcoin will continue to be deflationary? If you think Bitcoin is going to be worth $100,000,000, and they have 1,000,000 between them, and you think its going to have even a small deflation rate of 1-2% (half the current world GDP growth), then they will be making the equivalent of 1-2 trillion dollars a year in deflationary gains, more than most nations entire GDP. making them several hundreds times richer than any human in history simply from sitting on a store of trade tokens.
Even if they spent .5-1 trillion dollar equivalent per year, they'd still get .5-1 trillion dollars equivalent richer per year for the rest of their lives. If you say "deflation won't be a problem, just use smaller and smaller fractions", then people with hundreds of thousands of bitcoins will only have to keep peeling off smaller and smaller fractions of their enormous fortunes indefinitely and never have to touch most of it.
The only possible way to rationalize this away as not a terrifying dystopia is if you tell yourself that bitcoin will be so efficient that actually the common man will have a very easy time making trillions of dollars of wealth a year and that we'll all be many millions of times richer than we are today, and that somehow 1% of people owning 80% of a deflationary world currency won't put them at a huge systemic advantage.
You can't magic wealth from nowhere. If inflation is "theft", then deflation is equally theft in the opposite direction. If you think you're going to become a multi-millionaire just from sitting on $1,000 of currency, then someone has to pay for those gains.
Thankfully this is all just a speculators fever dream and there's no way you can convince 99% of the world to give you 99% of their wealth simply because you bought up a bunch of trade tokens when there's absolutely no natural scarcity of trade tokens and people can just use whatever they want to trade. Deflationary currencies don't work.
@_date: 2018-05-30 17:14:51
If people think 1 BTC will be enough to buy a lambo then it doesn't matter what its value is in USD.
People are referring to its current USD value equivalent adjusted for inflation into the future, which is why they think they'll be able to buy a lambo from buying $1,000 of bitcoin.
If BTC hits $1,000,000 purely from USD devaluation then your BTC still won't buy anymore of a lambo since a lambo will now be several trillion dollars.
@_date: 2018-05-01 14:24:05


Regardless of what the fees were cash is going to be cheaper, so how low would the fee have to go before you decided to start spending bitcoin visa instead of fiat?


That wouldn't explain why cards are gaining on cash for face to face transactions.
If those things actually drove adoption then cash would be getting more popular, not less.
Cards are beating out cash IRL because they're more convenient, not because they're cheaper or more private.
@_date: 2018-05-01 12:50:55




This demonstrates a clear preference that if you have both dollars and bitcoin you will get rid of the dollars before the bitcoin. this is the preference any sensible person has in the market which is why most bitcoins haven't moved in 6 months and why most dollars move once a day, which is what makes bitcoin a poor medium of exchange because most people prefer to "hodl" it and there's no point accepting a currency most people aren't trying to spend.
If both Bitcoin and USD were equally accepted, why would you spend USD to buy Bitcoin to then spend on goods and services (wasting more time and fees), instead of just directly spending USD?
This is the dynamic that keeps people "HODLing" bitcoin and spending USD despite HODLers professed preference for spending bitcoin over USD. They only say that because they realize if Bitcoin is only meant to be valuable because its a currency they can't say they prefer spending fiat.
Apart from a few maniacs wasting money on "spend and replace", most people are sensible enough to realize if you have both USD and BTC, instead of spending BTC and then buying it back with USD and incurring greater fees and inconvenience, you can just keep hold of BTC and spend USD and save more money.
@_date: 2018-05-22 21:24:03


I never said it was a perfect 1:1 match, I said it has the most predictive power, at least that I know of.
Try comparing the price with daily transactions, or nodes, or anything else and see how accurately it matches the rise and fall in price.
In speculative cycles it also much longer for the price to stagnate than it does to heat up. The psychology of speculators is inherently averse to selling at a loss, hence "hodl" and "you only lose if you sell" and other sunk-cost mantras older than bitcoin itself that mean it took a year for the last price crash to finally bottom out after an initial quick drop.


You can also note times when the price went up 10x despite no other factor apart from search traffic having a significant increase. Again, its not perfect, it doesn't have to be to still be better than any other metric. What metric predicts or correlates with that increase from Mar 2015 to October 16?
you'll also note that right after that time period you mentioned ended, search and price start picking up together.
Once speculator interest started picking up again, that 3x increase in value went into a 19x increase in value, proving again that the majority of price increase correlates with speculation, not underlying performance metrics. Performance was going to shit that entire time, but it didn't correlate with price because to speculators the only performance that matters is price.
@_date: 2018-05-31 19:37:24
Don't you still have to pay taxes on income regardless of what form that income is in?
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:21:31
Japan would like a word with you:
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:31:34
So when comparing crypto to fiat, you can ignore the cryptos that fail but not the fiats that fail?
Okay, so lets just compare the most successful crypto with the most successful fiat then?
Wait no, can't do that either.
I guess the only fair way to compare crypto to fiat is to compare the best cryptos with the worst fiats. That's how you get a real true unbiased picture. 
@_date: 2018-05-19 14:53:31


The majority of bitcoin mining is done in China.
What do you think is stopping China from simply taking control all of the bitcoin miners? Their famous love of private property rights? Most mining in China is reliant on government owned power companies anyway.
@_date: 2018-05-04 19:46:00


Shit yeah they'll definitely have no problems with their wallet after that in depth tutorial.
I tell my gramps all the time "just go onto gmail.com and log in, its not that hard, why do you keep giving away my inheritance to Nigerian con artists?"


Then she's 1 in 10,000.
Most old people struggle even to use email. There are US senators who still get all their emails printed out.
you're deliberately fooling yourself if you think a card is more complicated than bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:53:35


Which countries are more than 1% of people are accepting bitcoin?
How are there nations using bitcoin in large numbers but somehow it results in only 200,000 daily transactions?
@_date: 2018-05-30 21:01:30
How is it angry to point out that saying "invest in something so you have a reason to learn about it" is bad advice when you can learn about something before you invest in it?
Seems like you just want to encourage people to mindlessly throw money at bitcoin without doing any research first.
@_date: 2018-05-02 20:22:56


Nothing new has happened with Bitcoin to make Lightning Network possible. It's been possible from the very start, it just took a long time to get into Beta because there were only 10 people working on it.


So there's no such thing as a shitcoin? It's all part of the rich evolving tapestry of cryptos?
@_date: 2018-05-18 18:15:39


You could say this about any crypto. Why would goods and services somehow be locked into being represented by any one particular currency? Wealth exists independent of currency. If you burned every dollar in existence and wiped every dollar off every bank computer no wealth would be lost. If you doubled the amount of dollars in existence no wealth would be gained or lost.


Artificial scarcity is not the same thing as scarcity. you described an immutable ledgers value in terms of utility, not scarcity. immutable ledgers are not scarce, we can make as many of them as we want. How does artificial scarcity enhance utility?
Increasing or decreasing the number of tokens doesn't directly increase or decrease the scarcity of anything else.
Scarcity is not the goal of human economy, removing scarcity is. We want as little scarcity as possible. Unless you have a compelling reason how having fewer trade tokens than units of wealth to trade reduces scarcity then you're just arguing for your ability to profit from artificial scarcity, which is just rent seeking. rent seeking doesn't create value it just transfers it.


The perfect substitutes im talking about are the other identical bitcoins you could make using open source software. This removes the scarcity argument from value. They're not scarce.
@_date: 2018-05-02 20:17:07


Bitcoin miners are increasing supply and giving it to themselves, and then selling it on at a huge mark up. This is different only to the extent that theoretically anyone can produce bitcoin (anyone with the money to invest in a bunch of ASICs, is a member of a pool that can offset the risk of not being randomly rewarded and has access to cheap electricity - i.e. a tiny percentage of the worlds population). 
That the amount they can mine is limited by a protocol doesn't change that.
If your base problem is with any increase of the money supply for personal gain then already the protocol is broken by allowing individuals to inflate the money supply for their own benefit.
If increasing the number of coins itself isn't a problem, but only it being done in a particular way, then the question is exactly what is going to happen in 122 years that means we will have gone from a state of affairs where inflating the money is beneficial to one where it isn't.
Assuming there's still a need to increase the number of coins now, how can you predict there won't be a need to increase them in future?


If miners decided to abandon Bitcoin in favor of another crypto with greater block rewards, what would be securing your billions of dollars of immutable value? Users desktop rigs?
It's not "maths" securing Bitcoin, its an economic game theory that it will be more profitable for miners to secure the network than to break it. As long as miners are rewarded in Bitcoin then there's a clear incentive not to devalue bitcoin. Once they're only making money from fees then it doesn't matter what the value of bitcoin is, so long as its something, its the % fee that matters, or what else they can make money from their mining rigs (i.e. breaking the network).
Having to increase fees to cover costs of securing the network introduces a direct competitive impediment to mining other coins where they can keep fees low and make money just off rewards.
The more valuable the network becomes to break, and the less profitable the network is to secure, the more likely it becomes for miners to defect and raid the bank they're meant to be guarding.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:29:00


This is a really bad analogy when there are fishing quotas precisely to stop fishermen farming all the fish in the oceans now so that there is none left for people to fish 50 years from now.
It's not considered fair or economically sensible to just let those who got there first completely plunder all the fish so there are no more fish for anyone else, or they have to pay extortionate rates for the remaining fish that are left.


And billions of people without an internet connection, was it also their fault for listening to the FUD they never heard of in their remote village?
@_date: 2018-05-21 21:20:47
@_date: 2018-05-13 20:00:25
It's a synonym for "distributed", I'm not talking about anyone being gifted anything. I'm talking about the protocol that awarded huge numbers of bitcoins initially and exponentially decreased, which ensures that only people born within a very narrow time period would ever have access to cheap bitcoins that could be mined in their hundreds by a desktop computer for a few cents of electricity.
Does that minor bit of semantics change anything about whether bitcoins distribution is egalitarian and whether it allowed the average person to get bitcoins whilst locking out corrupt institutions, which is what the OP is claiming?
@_date: 2018-05-04 11:43:20
There is 0% chance this business is actually accepting direct Bitcoin transactions, they'll be using something like BitPay, Coinbase or BitFlyer which uses fiat intermediaries
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:20:15
Okay what probability was the last prediction going to be wrong and what probability will this one be wrong?
That's pretty important information no?
@_date: 2018-05-04 13:35:25
I have never seen any of these "local business accepting bitcoin" posts that didn't turn out to using some kind of 3rd party service.
Is the business going to have employees constantly check the price of bitcoin so they can work out what the equivalent of 20% off the fiat price is going to be? They will have to automatically convert the price to fiat, and if you're going to do that, why wouldn't you want to automatically convert the bitcoin to fiat too? 
The only reason you care about converting the price to fiat is to ensure that you get a consistent value. To keep that value consistent you have to both price goods in USD and then keep the value in USD. There is no point accepting something in USD prices and then the value of Bitcoin drops and now its as if you sold those goods at a lower price. If you didn't care about volatility you would just set a price in Bitcoin and accept the volatility.
A volatile cashflow is no more tolerable than a volatile price. That's why both cashflow and price are kept in USD rather than BTC.
I'll revise my estimate if you can find my a post on here of a "local gym/coffeeshop/barber/taxi accepts bitcoin" that wasn't using a 3rd party. Deliberately looking for an online business that accepts direct payments doesn't count.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:41:21


saying it doesn't have much inherent value isn't the same thing as being useless.
If it has inherent value, what would you be willing to pay for bitcoin if no one else was using it?
@_date: 2018-05-04 18:49:32


That's what the currency code identifier is for. 3 letters, like USD, AUD, BTC, BCH.
Forex aren't just trading "dollars" and then filing lawsuits when someone sells them different dollars than when they were expecting. 
If you're saying someone was sold BCH as BTC then that's obviously fraud and you would have no problem winning that lawsuit. But if that were the case there'd be no argument.


Only idiots who imagined themselves wolf of wallstreet currency speculators who didn't know what a currency code is got tricked.


Yeah just like people buying "linux" who end up with Redhat instead of Ubuntu have all those successful fraud cases under their belt. Because people are too dumb to know when a word refers to a family of software all forked from the same source and a word that refers to a specific piece of software.


yes, in the great ancap future everyone will be able to cage people for using the name of open source software distros without even having to do what the Linux Foundation did and register a trademark. ancap means the freedom to prosecute all people under your legal system regardless of whether they agreed to it.
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:25:35


The numbers have changed. Have you not bothered to read the links I showed or do you just read a number once and then assume thats the number for the rest of forever?
Do you think its impossible for bitcoins power consumption to increase beyond what it was 5 months ago or do you just not care whether things you say are actually backed up by evidence?


There's 2,000 nodes 5 months after launch. Apparently all the millions of people who were desperate 5 months ago for a way to cheaply and quickly send bitcoin decided after all it wasn't that needed.
@_date: 2018-05-02 16:57:28
something being limited in supply doesn't give it intrinsic value unless you want to prove me wrong by giving me something for a 1 coin only crypto I just forked.
@_date: 2018-05-17 14:07:49
How does dividing Bitcoin stop the US gov from being able to print enough money to buy most bitcoins in the world?
@_date: 2018-05-04 13:52:07
Which is what will create an incentive to just raid the bank and switch to a new more profitable more speculative coin.
There are many people saying it doesn't matter if there aren't a lot of bitcoin transactions, because bitcoin is a store of value, it doesn't have to be a currency.
Well how do you convince people to pay millions of dollars to secure the network if they're only getting paid a percentage of transactions on something not a lot of people are transacting?
This is the problem of the reward structure designed only to encourage early adoption and not late adoption. The same people who were attracted by 1000% returns on investment are not going to hang around making .5% on transaction fees if they can switch to some new coin and get 1000% again.
@_date: 2018-05-04 13:39:22


I already provided an example of a case where even if a term is trademarked you can still use it to describe another incompatible technology. The idea this is always fraud is a nonsense.
It's fraud if you can successfully sue for fraud, otherwise its just called genericization. So you're directly trying to criminalize what will otherwise be voluntary behavior by bringing this kind of suit. Which is completely against the stated principles of someone who claims to believe in the NAP.
Ampex didn't sue for fraud because they weren't so butthurt that someone might sell a different videotape technology using the same name even though they had a trademark. You don't have a trademark yet you're claiming to be a champion of liberty by bringing the government in to punish people for using a word you claim to own even though you're in no contract with anyone saying you have exclusive rights to use the word.
you can sell any version of Linux as "linux", no one is bringing fraud suits for selling "fake linux" even if they are selling completely incompatible versions of linux to whatever you think is the "real" linux. The only grounds for being sued for fraud for selling "fake" linux is if it wasn't actually a linux distro. The difference between all the different forks of linux is much greater than bitcoin and any of its forks.


So there should be laws to stop pyramid scheme ICOs and ponzi schemes? What happened to letting the market decide? 
I thought they didn't tolerate monopoly courts and monopoly intellectual property laws but maybe things have changed since they've decided they want to get rich quick.
@_date: 2018-05-19 14:06:04
It's an easy way to get attention.
People who own a speculative asset have an incentive to "predict" further speculative gains to bring in more speculators.
Also if you get a prediction wrong by too little speculators will still ride your nuts.
Lee previously predicted $10,000 by the end of 2017. Since it was twice that, it was somehow a good prediction because it was still what speculators wanted, an increase in price.
If Lee says $20,000 and its $10,000 then people can call him a hack because the price didn't go the way they wanted.
@_date: 2018-05-01 13:23:57


If you truly believe that insta-converting things is no different than spending them then you can.
There are numerous options that will allow you to instantly convert Bitcoin to fiat so you can "spend" your bitcoin anywhere that accepts VISA.
So why don't you?


If that's true then how can Bitcoin ever replace cash, which is free and instant and always will be?
Then you're left back with "but bitcoin is deflationary and fiat is inflationary", and then you're left back with why will anyone stop spending cash to spend bitcoin itself when cash is free and there's more reason to spend cash than bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-30 11:55:34
So bitcoin still buys the same amount of gold, oil, pizza, its just fiat conversion rate thats volatile?
@_date: 2018-05-20 16:13:45
That's what I did in the first place.
A guy who was off by $10,000 in a prediction he made 3 months ago has not suddenly developed magic powers that means anyone should believe his new prediction.
Why do you think anyone should be listening to Tom Lee?
@_date: 2018-05-09 16:30:39
Crypto has been around for 9 years, why does this graph only go to 6 years?
Why does the internet start at year 2?
@_date: 2018-05-02 17:59:41
That's a vague non-answer to the fact that something being limited in supply doesn't give it intrinsic value.
If you think it has some intrinsic value why don't you say what it is instead of dancing around it with "performs something of value" and "[has] any use that otherwise isn't fulfilled elsewhere".
None of those vague claims require intrinsic value.
Bitcoin doesn't have any intrinsic value as proven by the fact you can copy the code exactly and make 1 meaningless change that doesn't effect its utility at all and fork it and the fork will be worthless even though its functionally identical to bitcoin.
It's value is as "intrinsic" as fiats. If no one uses it it's worthless.
@_date: 2018-05-18 19:35:45
I believe in you friendo, just go back and read the post then reply to the things I actually said instead of responding to the kind of thing you think someone like me might think whilst ignoring what I said.
You can look at my post for an example of how to do it, quoting things directly and then responding to them without assuming some hidden message.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:26:23
In the future all bitcoin hodlers will be equal. 
Some will just be more equal than others.
@_date: 2018-05-18 18:04:07


No. Quote which line you think said that.
Everything else you said didn't address anything I said.
@_date: 2018-05-21 22:21:20


Exactly how did you work that out?
I never claimed search metrics can tell you what price will be, I said they correlate with speculative flurries which is the only time Bitcoin sees a significant increase in value. 
If what I'm saying is right, then in order for bitcoin to be worth a markedly higher value then the search traffic would need to be markedly higher than it is. Bitcoins last price ATH is within 30 days of its search traffic ATH. the same is true for the ATH before that and the one before that and the one before that.


I never claimed search metrics were a good metric for every asset. They are with Bitcoin. Looking only at search traffic with no price data you can see exactly where the $100 surge happened and the year of stagnation that followed, the $1000 and the 3 years of stagnation that followed, then the $10,000-19,000 spike and crash. You can even see the mini $30 spike back in May 2011.
There is no other single indicator with such predictive power. Not transactions, or fees, or merchant adoption, or Lightning nodes, or "Metcalfes law".
you cannot see the same correlation in gold search because the vast majority of people searching for gold aren't looking to speculate, and the majority of golds demand is not from speculators. Any searches from speculators are going to be drowned out by the variance in other searches.


How many orders of magnitude more efficient do you think AI can make solar panels. If you answered anything other than 0, you're wrong. Solar panels are already closer to theoretical efficiency than not. It's physically impossible for them to be an order of magnitude more efficient without breaking the laws of physics.


you proclaimed indefinite exponential growth. That's not possible without an indefinitely expanding planet. If you keep doubling the efficiency of everything very quickly everything will be at maximum efficiency and the only way to keep exponentially increasing wealth is to now exponentially increase the amount of resources.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:01:26


Bitcoin has lost 50% of its value in the last 6 months. That is much worse than the rate of inflation.
"yeah but its up 10,000% since 2013". If you have a time machine to go back to 2013 that's useful information.
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:23:18
"sticky" doesn't mean "doesn't move", it means there's a lag. Obviously people don't get pay rises and cuts every month because there's institutional inertia but wages do adjust to inflation/deflation over time.
Take a look at Japan if you think deflation just means your wages stay the same while everything else becomes cheaper.


Why is inflation theft but deflation isn't theft?
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:50:10


If you ignore over a decade of deflation punctuated with short term inflationary spikes then yes consumer prices didn't move at all.


From 1997 to 2013 wages decreased far faster than consumer prices did. If you look at other nations like Australia or China during the same time wages far outpaced inflation. I'm not sure how you think that is "better than 10,000%".


There was deflation for over 10 years. How is that "inflationary monetary policy" unless you're not using standard definitions of inflation/deflation and just mean any creation of money, in which case Bitcoin also has an "inflationary monetary policy" and will do for the next 122 years.
@_date: 2018-05-22 17:43:33
When do things like Siri and Alexa go from "narrow AI" to being "general AI"?
About 20 years?
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:37:45
"Blockstream VP praises lack of central authority in Bitcoin"
Exactly where do the investors who've put tens of millions of funding into Blockstream think they're going to get their money back off a decentralized P2P currency that eliminates fees and middlemen?
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:03:38
Not reading titles is good for bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-04 13:45:28


This is pretty much my point.
The theoretical ability of anyone to be a node and control what happens with bitcoin doesn't matter compared to the practical reality that the vast majority of users don't run nodes and aren't going to for practical reasons, and the forks people will end up going with will depend greatly on the decisions of a small number of disproportionately influential actors: mining pools, exchanges, and development teams.
Theoretically everyone has a say in who is elected President which controls who is appointed to the Federal Reserve, but in practice the average person has very little say over what the federal reserve does. The bitcoin protocol might be more democratic but it doesn't fundamentally change that a small number of people have far more influence than most people, and that will only get worse the bigger bitcoin gets and the more people are just going along with whatever is easiest and not taking an active interest in controlling the development of the project.
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:20:31
AI isn't slowing in growth.
AI is already in the economy, its managing Amazons logistics and pricing, its deciding what advertisements to show to people, its influencing elections, its designing CPUs and aircraft wings, its guiding cars and predicting when people are pregnant before they know it. you're acting like someones going to switch on the AI machine instead of it just being a gradual development.
If you're going to put all your hopes on future tech and ignore the actual trends in the economy, why not say genetic engineering of humans or cold fusion? They're just 20 years away.
@_date: 2018-05-13 18:10:11


That's a benefit shared by all people regardless of when they got into bitcoin or how long bitcoins protocol made bitcoins cheaply available.
We're not talking about that.
We're talking about whether it was "egalitarian" to give out most of the bitcoins before the average person had any.
Which is clearly contradicted by reality because in the OP it claims it was done so the average person could get bitcoin yet the median person has 0 bitcoins, and the mean not even 1, and of that mean 80% are held by less than 1% of the population.
@_date: 2018-05-30 22:58:43


Yup, different currencies have different purchasing power parities in different markets.
The problem is bitcoin has basically no independent purchasing power parity because people only care about how much fiat they can get for it.
No consumer has trust that if suddenly it because impossible to convert bitcoin to fiat, that it would retain any value.
Everyone always asks what its worth in fiat first, which stops independent prices in bitcoin from developing.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:09:15
He said if he hadn't bought bitcoin he still wouldn't have bothered learning about economics or markets, followed with "The sooner you're in, the better".
As if him being the kind of person who just invests in shit before learning about it is some kind of recommendation that other people should also invest before learning about it so they can then have a reason to learn.
 If anything it just shows that the kind of person buying into bitcoin is just looking to get rich quick and is only interested in how economies work to the extent they believe it can make them rich quick off a small investment. That kind of person is only going to be looking for reasons why their investment based on no research was actually a genius move.
"buy bitcoin so you have a reason to give a shit about how economies and markets work" is a really weak reason to proffer.
@_date: 2018-05-19 14:40:49


So financial incumbents are buying into crypto?
you said they are desperate to buy into crypto.
If that was true why would the price only be $8,200?
People with hundreds of billions of dollars all trying to buy up bitcoin at the same time would cause the price to skyrocket. There only being a limited amount of bitcoin to buy up every day would mean the price would get bid up, not down.


There's billions being bought and sold every day. Periodically there are auctions where hundreds of thousands of bitcoins are put up for sale. 
You think people with billions of dollars to play with and the average person can both only afford to buy up bitcoin at the same rate?
@_date: 2018-05-04 18:35:40


Do you honestly think the average persons grandma knows enough to use bitcoin? You're living in a fantasy land if you think its "much easier than a credit card".


Maybe you should reconsider if you actually understand as much as you think you understand then if you don't know why people use two of the largest businesses in bitcoin despite bitcoin apparently being far easier than any alternative.
@_date: 2018-05-13 22:54:29
Okay great.
Tell me how much a Tesla Model S would be in gold without using fiat for conversion to work out the equivalent value.
Something needs to be used as currency for it to work as a unit of account and no one is using gold as a currency, at best they use it as an intermediary for fiat.
@_date: 2018-05-25 18:46:16


A state actor without quantum computing could destroy bitcoin overnight.
China could easily seize all the miners in its territory and throw a fraction of its tax revenue at building enough extra capacity to get a 51% attack indefinitely.
The only person who could throw enough resources to stop them would be multiple other large nation states.
@_date: 2018-05-04 14:34:12
If its so easy why is anyone wasting money on paying fees to Bitpay and Coinbase?


Do you think Bitpay charges 20% fees?
The discount is not proof that they're accepting bitcoin directly, its proof they're trying to attract customers with a gimmick.
If it was a competitive option they wouldn't need to take a 20% hit, although notice the sign says "up to 20%".
@_date: 2018-05-04 13:53:02


You think governments didn't have debts when they were using gold?
The amount of gold owed around the world was far higher than the amount of gold that actually exists.
There's nothing stopping a person with 1 bar of gold from lending it out and requiring 2 bars of gold in return, not just the 1 he gave. That debt can then be traded.
@_date: 2018-05-06 21:31:56
Isn't distribution of bitcoin meant be getting less concentrated over time?
@_date: 2018-05-22 14:20:01
So you can't loan people bitcoins?
@_date: 2018-05-13 22:52:32


I said invest it in generating wealth. 
How is just sitting on either dollar notes or a paper wallet generating any wealth?
The only value money in a bank generates is the interest you get from that money being loaned out.


You realize deflation means everything else but money devalues?
This is a good idea only if you keep most of your wealth in money and hope to get rich just by hoarding large amounts of money.
If instead of money you would like to spend it on things like constructing houses, factories and farms, then deflation is eroding the value of your assets.
@_date: 2018-05-30 17:38:50


Shouldn't you have known shit about economics and markets before investing thousands of dollars?
Do you think the only way to learn about economics and markets is to buy bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-05-02 22:53:36


How about "it took 9 years for the collective programming genius of the bitcoin community to come up with a 2nd layer beta, which only works as a very complicated and unnecessary P2P gift card system for less than 2000 people".
Several generations of new coins have been created in that time that all work better than Lightning does and handle more transactions.
Lightning isn't about overcoming any technical limitations or solving any problem, its an article of faith. It's been hyped as a panacea for all of bitcoins ills since its inception and used as an excuse and a refuge from tackling the need for protocol changes. "just wait until Lightning comes out" has almost become a prayer. Lightning is going to save bitcoin by the radical innovation of amortizing transactions costs over several transactions which is already possible a dozen different ways but lets not think about why merchants don't just use them too hard. With the added bonus of extremely unreliable mesh net routing constrained by peoples finances.


Segwit is still significantly below 50% adoption, and nowhere near the 95% adoption threshold. If Segwit is vital for Lightning and Lightning is vital for Bitcoin it raises odd questions about why neither are seeing more use, given that apparently millions of people are using Bitcoin and in desperate need of the solutions being worked on.
@_date: 2018-05-20 15:17:41
Those who are not saved will be CAST DOWN TO PERDITION and they shall surely never be allowed to enter Satoshi's Kingdom
@_date: 2018-05-15 14:18:14
Which means its even harder for the average person to ever get as much currency as the people who have already hoarded millions?
Flooding the market with currency when almost no one is using it, and then exponentially decreasing supply so it becomes more and more expensive is a good way of making sure that people rich enough to speculate on a currency that's not yet competitive end up hoarding the vast majority of it, which will stop it from ever becoming a mainstream currency.
If the remaining 99% of people who don't have bitcoins even managed to buy up the remaining 20% yet to be mined (which there's no chance of the distribution suddenly going to average people instead of rich speculators), then those 99% of people would be at the complete mercy of the 1% of people who own 80% of currency who could manipulate the market at will.
however at the current rate of adoption, 95%+ of the currency will be in the hands of 1% of the population before its ever adopted as a mainstream currency.
If the distribution is going to be that unbalanced, why even have mining? Why didn't Satoshi just premine all 21,000,000 and then sell them to those wealth 1% of speculators and then have miners make money on transaction fees?
@_date: 2018-05-18 12:12:17
Firstly, "its a lot more egalitarian than fiat" is not an answer to "bitcoin was intended to be the most egalitarian currency distribution ever conceived" when clearly just having a flat reward rate until they hit the cap is more egalitarian.
Secondly, people like the OP think that the first adopters of Bitcoin are going to become the new 1%, they imagine a vast transfer of wealth via monetary deflation from everyone else in the world to the people who own the majority of the new currency. (of course that will never happen but its what they think will happen).
Why is transferring a small percentage of value by inflation intolerable theft (a percentage that would be made up for with taxation if it didn't happen), yet transferring the vast majority of the worlds wealth to less than 1% of the population by deflation somehow good and more egalitarian?
If Bitcoiners get their way, people like the Winkelvoss twins will be the worlds first trillionaires simply by hoarding currency. How do you think one person can become a trillionaire, without producing anything of value, simply for sitting on tokens with it not being at the cost of everyone else? If your tokens buy 100,000x more that means someone else has to receive 100,000x less. you cannot conjure wealth from nothing with deflation.
Do you think that central banks have transferred the vast majority of wealth to themselves by inflation?
@_date: 2018-05-17 19:00:56


I didn't cite any data.


Apart from the fact that the internet runs on centralized infrastructure and decentralized mesh net internets are completely uncompetitive in every dimension (speed, security, reliability, capacity, cost, you name it)?
Not only does centralized internet benefit from economies of scale, but decentralized mesh nets suffer from extreme diseconomies of scale.
A mesh net internet is just about workable in 1 building or even one small neighborhood. It rapidly becomes completely unworkable if you try and institute it on the city or national level, let alone international.


I think you should wait for me to say they're mutually exclusive before you say my premise rests on it.
Whether something is centralized or decentralized doesn't make it inherently secure or insecure. But centralization allows lots of things that can when implemented make something far more secure, such as 24/7 security teams, the ability to quickly change and enforce rules to deny DDOS attacks, the ability to invest significant resources to investigation, research and defense against attacks.
Theoretically there's nothing stopping 200,000 hobbyists from having just as secure nodes as 1 centralized node run by a large tech company. In practice its never going to happen because people aren't going to dedicate equivalent resources to something that isn't their job.
Having 100,000 people all managing 1 node in their spare time is never going to be effective as 1,000 people managing 1 node.


Stuxnet is a security reality, its not a hypothetical. It was easier to infect 200,000 Windows computers than it was to directly hack the machines they wanted to destroy because huge amounts of resources were being dedicated to protecting those machines.
@_date: 2018-05-14 20:59:13


Yes, the IMF is just a big corrupt scam to give billions to dictators and make the working man pay the price. The IMF is secretly owned by a cartel of African Warlords and Arabian Kings.
@_date: 2018-05-18 14:14:24


What stops you from running a fractional bitcoin reserve?
There are already bitcoin derivatives being sold on the market.


If only there was a way to allow more people to start using bitcoin without it causing an increase in unit price that would encourage hoarding over using as currency
@_date: 2018-05-12 21:44:14


Well that's a problem then because Bitcoin isn't anonymous. 
@_date: 2018-05-02 22:59:11
money printing is a tiny percentage of revenue compared to borrowing and taxation.
why do you think this tiny percentage can't be covered by more borrowing and more taxation?
taxes have gone up by far more than the effective taxation of money printing in the last 50 years, not seeing any revolution happening
@_date: 2018-05-02 21:24:32


so by definition those are all extrinsic factors.
The code can be exactly the same, it depends entirely on outside factors like how many people are using it, how many people are maintaining code, how many people are mining it etc.
If some new crypto came out that everyone switched to and no one was using bitcoin, what value would bitcoin have anymore than that forked alt?
Gold still has uses no matter how many people are mining it, or trading it, or researching it. That's the kind of thing that is being referred to as "intrinsic" value (given that all value is subjective so 'instrinsic' refers only to a subset of subjective values, ones not dependent on extrinsic factors)


I don't know what you're defining "intrinsic" to mean, it doesn't seem any different than any other form of value.
Fiat is valuable because millions of people are trading it and governments regulate it and banks facilitate its payments. Without all those things its worthless, that's why its not considered intrinsically valuable.
Both crypto and fiat without an ecosystem to support it are worthless.
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:15:38
value of money is relative to the amount of money and the amount of wealth.
If you keep the amount of money the same and increase the amount of wealth, the relative value of money will increase. If you keep the amount of wealth the same and decrease the amount of money the same thing will happen.
If you have 1 bitcoin for every car in the world, and then double the amount of cars, you now have 1 bitcoin for every two cars, so now 0.5 bitcoins represents every car. This is what people are talking about when they say deflation will discourage trade, because anything you can afford to put off will be more profitable to buy later for as long as the currency deflates. this can trigger a deflationary spiral like in the great depression, where people stop buying, which puts companies out of business, so people stop getting paid, which means they can't buy anything, so even more people go out of business and so on.
this is a super simple explanation, actual market behavior is more complicated but follows the general rule.
So far deflation isn't a problem for bitcoin because people are using it as an investment, no economies are relying on it as a main currency.
Bitcoins are already deflating rapidly even when thousands are produced a week, because the demand for bitcoins is increasing faster than supply. Once no bitcoins are being produced at all, the only way bitcoins price can ever stabilize is if the amount of wealth in the world also stabilizes. And in fact because bitcoins are gradually lost with no recovery method, the only way for it to stabilize would be for the amount of wealth in the world to decrease at the same rate as the amount of bitcoin.
Bitcoin will quickly become hyper-deflationary (even more than the 1000% annual deflation its currently at) as the supply starts to half while demand continues to increase. 
@_date: 2017-12-23 16:19:41
How is LN better than a centralized network?
By definition it can't be faster or more efficient. The only conceivable argument is "security" and "decentralization", but LN will require a high degree of centralization to be functional, and centralized networks are already more than secure enough to meet the needs of users, plus they're backed by government protections.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:16:55
Why would you spend bitcoin on anything when its seeing 1000%+ annual increases in value?
If you paid $1000 in rent in bitcoins 6 months ago you're now down $6,800 compared to if you had paid in dollars and kept the bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-12-27 13:59:13
Paying with a "bitcoin debit card" isn't paying with bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-17 18:13:44


If what this person says is true, and 80% of people are already interested in bitcoin, how is it not going to slow down when there are only 20% people left not interested?
@_date: 2019-03-18 13:58:55
He means only ever use bitcoin if you're sending it directly. "circular" in the sense that you buy something with bitcoin then someone buys something off you with bitcoin so bitcoin is going round and round without being exchanged for fiat.
except if that was a viable alternative no one would be using exchanges and payment processors like BitPay/Coinbase.
Even when people are buying and selling things in bitcoin, its always priced in a fiat currency because no one cares what bitcoin is worth outside of what its worth in fiat.
Bitcoin would become worthless the second it could no longer be exchanged for fiat, there is no "circular economy".
@_date: 2019-03-19 19:52:00


Venezuela has had hyper-inflation for a couple of years now, Zimbabwe has had it for even longer, although its had a few periods of relative stability since the introduction of the Bond Note and the transition to USD as an official currency.
In both those countries by far the most popular currency is the USD. Bitcoin isn't even a close 2nd.
If Bitcoin is a viable alternative to government fiat, how bad does the native currency have to get before Bitcoin becomes a preferred alternative?
The Bolivar is about as close to useless as its possible for a currency to get while still being used and its still seeing more use than Bitcoin in Venezuela.
If Bitcoin is supposed to be adopted first in the countries with failing national fiats then Venezuela and Zimbabwe indicate its not anywhere close to being mass adopted anywhere.
@_date: 2019-03-19 15:14:42
Yup, I never said it was anonymous, its pseudonymous. that pseudonymity is often sold as a way of having "untraceable" transactions that you can't have with a credit card.
I mentioned cash being anonymous as an example of being superior to a selling point often cited for Bitcoin (untraceability) that doesn't actually matter because its less convenient and convenience matters more than all those selling points I listed, hence the massive and increasing popularity of credit cards.


Why would that be more important than it showing people are comfortable with transactions that involve a centralized 3rd party, non-anonymous traceable transactions, government fiat, fees and charges? All things that are supposedly reasons people would favor Bitcoin?
That such a payment option is on the rise weighs far more heavily against bitcoin than "people are okay with a currency you can't hold in your hand" weighs in favor of it.
@_date: 2019-03-18 14:25:26


If people prefer cards over cash, when cash is anonymous, untraceable, fee-less and requires no 3rd party to transact, just because cash is slightly less convenient than card, why would that bode well for crypto?
People are clearly signalling they're happy to trust a 3rd party to have information on all their transactions, to have the power to block their transactions, and to pay fees for the privilege, in exchange for a bit more convenience.
@_date: 2019-03-18 14:01:59
Comparing an absolute fee vs a relative fee is not a fair comparison.
By the same logic, if you withdraw $500 from a non bank branded cash column at $3 fee then its 0.6% and no bitcoin ATM charges 0.6%
@_date: 2019-03-30 22:38:12
Japan has had long periods of deflation and their wages were adjusted for deflation. When the value of a currency increases you don't just keep getting paid the same, your nominal wages will drop so that you're still getting the same value you were worth before.
Wage stagnation is not caused by either inflation or deflation its caused by relative stagnation or drop in demand of labor relative to other economic inputs, although severe inflation and deflation can indirectly affect demand for labor.
A combination of globalization (rising competition in india and china where people are happy to do the work for half the price), and automation (which has greatly reduced the need for skilled manual labor in a huge host of industries), is responsible for the relative stagnation in wages in the lower and middle classes in the developed world.
It has nothing to do with whether the currency is inflationary or deflationary. 
China's wages are rising much faster than Japans and have for the last 20 years and their currency has had much greater inflation whereas Japans has been either deflationary or under 2% that entire time.
@_date: 2019-03-20 15:10:09


Also even if that happens there's every indication that people will just switch to the next most stable/widely accepted fiat like the Euro. Zimbabwe already use secondary fiats like Euros, Pounds, Rands and Yen, they just prefer USD because its the most widely used currency in the world.
If the USD went kaput there's no indication they wouldn't just increase the use of the other fiats rather than switch to bitcoin. Bitcoin can't rely on being better than the worst fiat, it has to be better than the best to have anything more than a niche audience.
The chance of every world economies currency being hyper-inflated at the same time is basically non-existent.
People like to fantasize about a sovereign debt crisis causing the downfall of fiat but its impossible for the entire world to be in debt at the same time. For every debt there is a creditor.
Governments learned from the Weimar Republic crisis that it doesn't make sense to bankrupt your debtors because then they have nothing left to pay you with and you end up with less than if you just reduced the debt burden. In recent Sovereign debt crises like the Greek debt crisis the focus is as much on rebuilding the economy than it is on calling in debts, so the idea China would bankrupt the USA and the USA would be forced to hyper-inflate the USD to pay their debts makes no sense. All that would happen if the US couldn't pay would be the debt would be restructured so they could afford to pay it off over a longer time period.
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:26:30
Beta software with less than 2,000 active nodes can definitely scale to hundreds of millions, says man not working on the project.
@_date: 2018-06-15 17:01:56
Tether give no guarantee to ever redeem their tokens for the thing its meant to be a token for. You haven't been able to directly redeem Tether for dollars for some time now, people just sell it for dollars on exchanges and plenty of exchanges accept Tether.
@_date: 2018-06-15 17:12:57


Why would you think cost is holding Bitcoin back? It's already cheaper than credit cards, and it will never be as cheap as cash.
Why do you think anyone is still using Western Union if cost is the fact? They'd still rather pay $20 for a transfer than $0.10 and are waiting until Lightning makes transfers cost $0.001 before they switch?


So it's price will go up when it becomes less volatile as the price goes up?


Speed implies increasing adoption. Adoption of bitcoin is going down, not up.
There's no evidence any meaningful percentage of people are using Bitcoin as currency in either Venezuela or Zimbabwe.
There are a handful of anecdotes being used to disguise the fact that if there was any meaningful percentage of currency use going on demand for blockspace would be increasing, not decreasing. Even if 'batching' reduced all existent transaction to take up 0 block space, blockspace would be maxed out if even 1% of Venezuela and Zimbabwe were making 1 bitcoin transaction a day.
@_date: 2018-06-16 13:12:30


Do I also think Amazon is a terrible idea because I didn't invest in it when their share price was 1000x lower than it is now?
If you can only interpret the world in terms of greed and jealousy it doesn't mean that's how everyone else works.
If "anyone who criticizes bitcoin is just jealous" is your go to defense to actual points about functionality and adoption then maybe you can't actually defend your ideas as well as you think you can.


Apparently so. You must learn a lot from listening to yourself and other people who tell you what you already believe is correct.
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:21:04
52% of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry, 16% comes from electronics, dentistry and other industrial uses. The rest comes from central banks and investors looking to make or at least not lose money off the rest of the demand for gold
why else do you think gold would be valuable, because its rare? platinum is 3x rarer than gold, but is worth less because there is less demand for platinum jewelry and fewer uses in industry for platinum than gold.
@_date: 2018-06-30 18:30:25
Using bitcoin like that is measurable and no measurements I have seen suggest there's been a 1.5-2x increase in that kind of use in the last year.
[Payment outputs are actually lower than they were a year ago](
Adoption is decreasing by any empirical metric I have seen
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:30:19
Unless bitcoin also becomes a universally accepted currency then you're still having to pay the fees of converting it into a usable currency.
I can email someone 10 $5,000 Amazon gift card for $0.00 in fees. It's not destroyed the use of Western Union for any sub-$50,000 transfers because Amazon gift cards aren't accepted as currency even though they're accepted by more merchants than Bitcoin is. They're also a lot less volatile than Bitcoin.
Once you factor in the cost and inconvenience of trying to sell Amazon gift cards for my currency of choice I might have just used a traditional bank transfer, which is why Western Union and International Bank Transfers are still in business despite countless ways of making technically cheaper international transfers.
The cost to a bank of actually making a transfer is far less than the cost of making a transfer on blockchain. People seem to have confused the ability of banks to charge high fees because of weak competition with it being some sort of limit of the technology that means it can't compete with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-16 10:47:59


I've provided 3 pieces of evidence to show bitcoin adoption isn't growing and is in fact shrinking and you haven't produced any to say it is growing.
A few anecdotes of people accepting bitcoin at a local coffee shop does not cancel out hard stats on reduction in payment outputs, major retail adoption and search traffic.


We're talking about a 4 year period of stagnation. That's not a temporary blip.


It's not that it hasn't happened, its that its reversing.
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:54:42
Well if it only takes 2 hours to remove 180 billion bitcoins from the ledger then that certainly has me convinced its a truly immutable store of value.
@_date: 2018-06-24 17:58:49
Now try it in USD volume
Not that trade volume defines how much speculation is going on. Lots of people buying and selling bitcoin for things other than speculation would result in higher trade volume than a smaller number of people buying purely for speculative gains.
The key indicator of how much speculation is going on is how much price is increased relative to any other factor.
@_date: 2018-06-26 13:36:55
It's good to view a log chart on an angle without any grid lines, reduces the risk of seeing anything too clearly.
@_date: 2018-06-22 16:56:56
At least there's no one else with over 20,000 coins they could dump at will to cripple the market for personal gain.
@_date: 2018-06-23 15:29:41
Person A : Buys from Person B with $50 of Bitcoin
Person B: Sells $50 of Bitcoin on exchange for $50 minus fees
Persona A: Buys $50 of bitcoin on exchange for $50 minus fees
MASS ADOPTION IMMINENT
@_date: 2019-08-22 22:31:32
I see you like to put labels on people you disagree with so you can easily dismiss them rather than putting your beliefs to the test in the marketplace of ideas.
If you could explain why any of my points were wrong you would have done so, but you're more interested in protecting what you already think than in considering what you might be wrong about, which is what I'm doing by making points that are open to challenge instead of just labeling you and dismissing you as a Bitcoin fanatic.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:59:55
If audits are either impossible or irrelevant why did Tether claim they would get regular audits done.
Did they not know the difference?
Why didn't they just say "we'll get a law firm to look at our bank balance, no one needs an audit"?
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:17:53


5x what? Market cap? Unit price? What is the equivalent weight in gold to 1 bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:04:30


Bull-run 2018 confirmed.
1st stop Mt Everest, next stop LAMBOMOON


"Another interesting dynamic of Bitcoin is it attracts intelligent and perceptive people"
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:46:55
If this was the equivalent of an audit no one would spend millions of dollars on audits if getting your lawyer to look at your bank balance achieved the same thing.
This law firm didn't even confirm with the bank that these details were correct:


duly	authorized	to	provide	such	confirmations,	and	that	the	confirmations	were	correct.
This is essentially "we confirm that some guy told us something, if he's lying its his fault, not ours".
This "Attorney-Client Communication" doesn't even do the most basic due diligence that would be expected in an audit, which is why they explicit say its not an audit and they're not an accounting firm, and that they didn't follow any of the standards of an audit.
This has no more legal weight than a statement that says "Tether paid us to say they have the money", except its written in a way to create the impression of an audit to gullible customers/investors who don't know the difference.
Audits involve "excruciatingly detailed procedures" because financial mismanagement/fraud is often extremely complicated and there are an unlimited number of ways you can hide corruption, fraud and incompetence, so it takes an incredibly detailed investigation to get close to proving a large company 
@_date: 2018-06-29 17:05:42


@_date: 2018-06-26 21:26:43
Critical thinking FUD
the worst FUD of all
@_date: 2018-06-30 16:08:35


Beanie Babies still haven't gone down to zero, or even the price they were first sold. Just because the price isn't 0 doesn't mean its useful.
Although I don't claim Bitcoin is useless, just that no one seems to care if the price has any relation to its usefulness.
 You can have huge crashes in bubbles and the bubble still stay alive at a much lower level than before. Anyone who paid $100,000 for a Beanie baby is not going to sell it for $10 no matter what, the psychological barrier is too high, this means it will take a long time for the bubble to truly deflate.
People will have to die and leave their kids Beanie Babies they don't have any psychological problem with selling for $10 before the bubble fully deflates.
@_date: 2018-06-22 18:48:21
The whole rest of his post was irrelevant to the point I was making. When did I say ETH was immutable?
"but ETH is worse" is not an argument
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:55:26
not your keys, not your bitcoin
Once you give your keys to an escrow company they are no longer yours
Bitcoin is TRUSTLESS and PERMISSIONLESS and IMMUTABLE
Trusting a 3rd party is both unnecessary and against the principles Bitcoin was founded on.
@_date: 2018-06-30 14:22:06
I have done extensive TA on the outcome of roulette that proves this mathematically
@_date: 2018-06-26 21:03:13
If you apply the "increase in unit price is what makes bitcoin better than gold" principle consistently then there isn't any point for me to make.
However I'm guessing you're not willing to say that some coin that has had a 10,000% increase in the last year is better than bitcoin because its only had such a big increase in price because its a much smaller market cap.
I'm just looking to find a universally applicable principle.
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:45:46
I was wrong to imply it was unworkable, I was attempting to say something I know you definitely wouldn't agree with to try and disprove the "whoever has the most commits must be right about LN" premise.
It's certainly "workable" at least to the definition of handling 2000 nodes semi-reliably, but then there are lots of systems that can work at small scale but completely break down as you get exponentially bigger.
Anyone claiming to know its definitely workable or unworkable is guessing because they have not encountered any of the problems that you wouldn't even know existed until you tried routing millions of financial transactions on a decentralized mesh net which has never been done before. There are thousands of unknowns and novel challenges involved because its attempting something that has never been attempted before.
No one has ever even built a working decentralized mesh net to the scale, reliability and security that its being claimed Lightning will be able to, and that's without the financial limitations Lightning has to deal with.
Judging by the fact its taken 3 years to get to the point of routing 2000 nodes with a level of reliability that would not be tolerable or competitive in the current payment processing field, I don't think its likely to scale particularly well, especially given the current growth rate of the network, but I'm open to being proven wrong with evidence.
Saying it "solves bitcoin scaling issues" is ridiculously premature. It hasn't even scaled to the point where it could match bitcoins reliability/transaction capacity.
The most efficient structure of Lightning would just be everyone connected to one huge node that was making enough off transactions to pay a 24/7 network security team that could quickly react to security vulnerabilities, that could easily set rules to deny DDOS attacks, that would only ever be 1 hop away from every other node and that would always have sufficient capacity to route any transaction. That could be "workable" depending on your definition of workable but it also pretty much defeats the point of a decentralized mesh net. You might as well just deal with a regular payment processor and then trade on chain if you want to do something "uncensorable".
@_date: 2018-06-16 10:51:57
"it's the next internet/uber/electricity! They all laughed at Christopher Colombus!" is the laziest level of comparison you can make.
People were saying the same shit about Solar Roadways even though they were obviously impossible to scale.
It's clear survivorship bias of just comparing your tech to an already successful tech instead of defending your tech on its own merits.
If you actually have better reasons than "people underestimated the internet too!", then use them instead, otherwise it makes like all you have to back your idea is empty hype.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:19:57


"i sold at the peak but trust me you should buy in for way more than I ever paid in for"
great advice. Just let me get my time machine
@_date: 2018-06-30 22:15:01
Which is what they're doing.
If even 1% of Venezuelans made 1 on chain transaction per day the network would be completely overwhelmed and they would be paying their entirely monthly wage on fees.
@_date: 2018-06-19 19:51:42
What does that have to do with anything i just said?
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:21:51


What benefit do you think the economy gets from someone deciding to just sit on bitcoin instead of investing in crop production?


Bitcoins value has dropped 70% in the last 6 months. If you want to ignore discussing economic hypotheticals in favor of price signals in the current system then the price signal is saying that bitcoin was massively over valued and is becoming less and less valuable, so there's no reason to think its ever going to become a mainstream currency. That is if you're using what the price signal says about it as a guide.
If not we can always talk about that hypothetical of how people without any significant amount of money are supposed to benefit from deflation, and how people with large amounts of money are somehow going to benefit less than poor people.
@_date: 2018-06-23 10:46:15
So if some other vulnerability in the bitcoin blockchain allows for millions of bitcoins to be added/subtracted from the ledger, it will remain immutable and nothing will be done to reverse transaction?
@_date: 2018-06-23 11:32:47


It's not immutable if what you really mean is "we won't manipulate the ledger unless we really need to".
That's just a different version of "trust us".
Either the ledger is immutable or it isn't. Trusting devs not to do so unless "necessary" is not immutability.


Only a small percentage of those actually got stolen.
"On 20 March 2014, Mt. Gox reported on its website that it found 199999.99 bitcoins  worth around $116 million  in an old digital wallet used prior to June 2011.[76] That brought the total number of bitcoins the firm lost down to 650,000, from 850,000"


I thought only idiots didn't own their own keys. How can we trust these idiot devs and influencers?
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:36:01
They are more useful for trade, as evidenced by how much trade is still going on in Bolivars and zimbabwean bond notes than bitcoin. 
Are you not concerned that the most unstable and poorly managed fiat currencies in the world are still more competitive than bitcoin?
You can say "bitcoin is more useful as a speculative investment" but that's not competing with currency, thats competing with every other speculative investment.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:56:57
Just like that time they removed 180 billion bitcoins with code.
@_date: 2018-06-21 12:42:50


Fiat is still being used as a unit of account. No one cares what these things are worth outside of their fiat value. If you hide the use of fiat as a unit of account with automatic conversion it doesn't stop being the medium of account.
No one has ever demonstrated an ability to calculate prices in ETH or BTC without fiat, because not enough people use it for trade and the people who do use it only care what its worth in fiat.


And all I was doing is pointing out the difference between using something as a unit of account, and using a medium of exchange while using something else as a unit of account.
If you don't care about the difference why would you spend time talking about it?
@_date: 2018-06-22 17:00:41
Every time I decide to use something worse than Bitcoin to transfer money I'm reminded of why Bitcoin is better.
@_date: 2018-06-30 19:05:16


I can't find a graph longer than 1 year for outputs, and if I use a transaction graph you might be tempted to say "batching" without providing any evidence which kills the conversation.
Daily transactions now are lower than they were 2 years ago.
Acceptance in the top 500 US retailers peaked 4 years ago.
These are not just temporary blips but multi-year trends that need to be seriously addressed if they're ever going to be fixed.
Hand waving with "lightning will fix everything" doesn't even make sense since apparently batching has freed up lots of room on the blockchain so blockspace shouldn't be limiting adoption anymore, but apparently something is limiting adoption and its not anything Lightning is going to fix, which is why its foolish for people to put all their hopes on it when there are already underlying problems.
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:04:08


Can you quote where I said that?
@_date: 2018-06-20 17:55:29


You shouldn't have to trust on them to keep their word, which is what the regular audits were meant to be for. There is a reason they promised regular audits, and acting like it was never important because they're not willing or able to get them is some weird kind of loyalty to a multi-billion dollar private company that doesn't give a shit about you, especially from the "don't trust, verify" crowd. Especially for an organization subpoenaed by the CFTC and implicated in mass price manipulation in 2017.
This press statement doesn't show they back their Tether with US dollars, it shows that on 1 day their bank balance happened to be more than the amount of Tethers. Whether that money comes from fraud, money laundering and illegal trade that might result in their accounts being seized/frozen is not shown as it would in an audit, neither is whether they are running a fractional reserve the rest of the time, since no effort has been made to audit their finances over time. 
although its largely academic since Tether is not redeemable for US dollars, and they are under no legal obligation to do so.
If it were why would the price of USDT ever go below 1 dollar? why would you sell a tether for $0.98 when you can always get $1 from it from Tether?
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:32:11
An actual audit? If they're going to call it an audit.
Either get an audit done or say its impossible to get an audit done.
Don't say you have an audit and then when called on it not being an audit say actually its impossible to get an audit that's why we haven't got one. Why were you claiming you have one if its impossible? They fired the last company they hired to do an audit for spending too much time on "excruciatingly detailed procedures", aka an audit. They clearly have no intention of having an audit done despite repeated claims they have and intend to get one.
That's obvious deception and if you can't tell or don't care then you're an easy mark.
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:46:18
If that was true you wouldn't have bothered wasting the time to tell me that.
It's not like I was going to wonder for the rest of my life if some random person didn't reply to a reddit comment.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:15:52
If its so convincing why call it an audit when the people who performed the 'audit' say its not an audit.
They've already had a group confirm their bank balance before. That's not what an audit is, which is why they legally have to say its not an audit.
Apparently they're relying on the general dislike the crypto crowd has of regulation and government to not know or care about the difference between audit and having a law firm look at a bank balance.
@_date: 2018-06-24 19:47:36
This is FUD
All we need to do is develop decentralized chip fabrication/a proof of work algorithm that its impossible to develop specialized chips for.
Then bitcoin will moon as it has never mooned before
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:44:24
don't listen to these fiat cucks.
Bitcoin is going to make traditional centralized banking obsolete by using centralized interchange networks.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:59:17
Bank runs were happening in the 1600s.
Do you honestly think people didn't understand that banks loaned out more money than they actually had? 
What did they think bank runs were, an act of god?
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:56:43
If Satoshi never wanted people to HODL why did he give Bitcoin a deflationary supply schedule?
Checkmate, statists.
@_date: 2018-06-23 16:35:20
hash rate has increased every month for the last 6 months
What's happened to price during that time?
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:14:43
When it was selling for 1 cent each the upside was massive and the downside was limited.
It went from 1 cent to $19,000, that's a 1900000x increase.
Do you think you can see another 1900000x increase?
@_date: 2018-06-30 16:09:30
None of that somehow proves LN is capable of handling millions of transactions, it means the claims it can handle millions of transactions are incredibly premature since it can't even handle 2,000 nodes as reliably as existing payment networks.
Even if it handled 2,000 perfectly, it would not prove that it could scale. Lots of things work fine on a small scale and fail at large scale.
Again, IOTA made lots of bold claims about how its technology would allow millions of transactions per second. Turns out those claims were wrong. 
@_date: 2017-12-14 21:52:02
Buying bitcoins doesn't make any more bitcoins available to anyone. 
A guy who got tipped 100 bitcoins back in 2010 for a dickbutt comment and left it unused in his wallet for the last 7 years, and a guy who bought 1 bitcoin in 2017, have not and will not see rewards commensurate to their risk.
It's a faulty 'labor theory of value' type thinking to think the amount of money you make in bitcoin is somehow related to how much risk you took on.
The people who would cause bitcoin to "fundamentally [change] the financial system" would be those who fix the technical problems that prevent it from being used as a currency, and those who use bitcoin to trade goods and services rather than hoarding it.
Neither of those people will be directly financially rewarded according to their contribution, in fact the latter group will be financially punished for using bitcoin for its intended purpose rather than hoarding it. Using bitcoin now is a huge opportunity cost. Every second you let a bitcoin out of your hands to use for trade you're losing out on 1000% rates of return.
Hoarding is rent seeking. Just because rent seeking makes you rich doesn't mean you're creating value.
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:04:41


How about the value of software money that doesn't require "insane hash rate" to function better than Bitcoin does right now.
@_date: 2018-06-15 20:10:21


And if you're arguing that Bitcoin/blockchain will continue to have some niche uses then I can believe that because they already have niche uses now.
That's completely different from them being so useful everyone has them. Pagers never got so useful that they came close to 50% market penetration and given Bitcoins falling adoption there's no reason to think its going to do the same.


Not true. There were several solutions as early as 1982:
These kind of outlandish claims made with little familiarity of the concepts involved are why people don't take the "it's going to be as big/bigger than the internet!" claims seriously.
I've also heard people say bitcoin was the first solution to the double spend problem. Only people who don't really care about those problems and only care to hype bitcoin say those kinds of things because if you were genuinely interest in those problems and why solving them was important you'd know at least enough to know Bitcoin wasn't the first solution.
Then you're left with either revising to "but its the first X kind of solution", or doubling down completely and saying no it was the first and refusing to accept the existence of previous solutions which I've had happen before.
@_date: 2018-06-15 22:59:30


"Small country with high inflation rates starts using Bitcoin as means to pay for food/goods/services"
That was one of the first points you brought up in "roadmap to a worldwide currency".
It's a sensible thing to assume, that countries without a functional currency of their own would be first to adopt a new improved one. Since there's no sign of that happening we need to then re-evaluate


It's definitely not more than 1% of Venezuela and Zimbabwe on a daily basis
@_date: 2018-06-30 21:58:47


Why are all these suckers investing in property when they could 1000x their investment in 5 years time?
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:26:14


If you already invested in bitcoin without knowing anything about it just because you wanted to get rich, wouldn't that give you a tremendous incentive to only believe/look at things that back up what you wanted to be true and not anything that would say it was a bad decision.
Do you spend most of your time learning about bitcoin from sources that agree that Bitcoin is a work of genius and that you're also a genius for recognizing what a revolutionary new technology it is and you will be surely rewarded with your own personal lambo for risk taking innovation. Or do you spend equal time looking at source both for and against it?
@_date: 2018-06-23 12:31:04
Bitcoin is still up 100,000x from when it was worth $0.06, less than 10 years ago.
Show me one fiat that has had 100,000x gains in the last decade. I'll wait.
Even if Bitcoin "crashes" down to $0.06 it will still have not have lost as much purchasing power as fiat in the last 10 years.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:27:47


How does selling Tether for BTC and then withdrawing BTC from Bitfinex make Tether go bankrupt when Tether supposedly keep $1 for every Tether in reserve, and are meant to keep it there until someone decides to redeem their Tether, at which point they destroy the Tether and give the person the dollar they had in reserve for it?
The only way you could have a run on Tether is if Tether allowed unlimited redemption of Tethers for dollars, which they don't allow. Currently the only feasible way to get anything for Tether is to sell it. That is not the same thing as redeeming it at the reserve. Why does it even matter if there is a reserve if its not possible to redeem Tethers at it?
If you sell a Tether to anyone it should do nothing to diminish the Tether reserve. The only thing that should decrease the Tether reserve is them redeeming a Tether at which point they are meant to destroy the Tether in exchange for the dollar.
@_date: 2018-06-30 15:02:42


So you're saying this conspiracy goes all the way to Google HQ?
They must be desperate to get the price down so they can move in with all their institutional money.
Don't fall for the FUD. Hodl on tight
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:12:05
I guess Blockchain is irrelevant now since they've discovered a way to make bitcoin transactions on Visa for free.
Why would anyone want to pay fees on the blockchain now?
@_date: 2018-06-16 12:31:56


Why would they bother to buy BTC when they can just fork their own copy for free or create a blockchain with whatever attributes they like.
Why would a payment company want to have all their transactions available on a public blockchain when they could create a private one and not have to spend millions of dollars on proof of work?


That's not what store of value means.
@_date: 2018-06-19 10:15:58
Amen, fuck consumerism, I'm trying to get rich enough to buy a lambo here!
@_date: 2018-06-30 16:03:28
All novels are fiction.
@_date: 2018-06-19 17:42:08


Then it wouldn't be worth borrowing money at that interest rate.
It's a hypothetical.
The intention is not to show that borrowing money is always and in all circumstances better than saving. It's to show that borrowing isn't an inherently bad thing and often borrowing can allow you to produce more wealth than you could for an equivalent interest rate on savings.
Take money out of the equation entirely. Say you have a blacksmith who makes steel axes and a logger who cuts wood. The the logger only has an iron axe and it takes twice as long to fell a tree with an iron axe than a steel axe. The blacksmith wants wood to build a new house and will trade a steel axe for enough wood.
The blacksmith can either wait for the logger to cut enough wood with the stone axe, which will take twice as long, or the blacksmith can often to loan the logger a steel axe, in return for 10% more wood.
Now the logger has to spend less time logging to get a steel axe, and the blacksmith gets more wood in return, so both benefit more than if they simply relied on "savings"
"Saving" doesn't produce any wealth. If you keep a steel axe in a shed it will never magically become 2 axes even if steel becomes more expensive.
A monetary system that incentivizes sitting around waiting for other peoples work to make your money more valuable over investing it in wealth generation is doomed to fail. you will just get people hoarding it and speculating on it making it unusable as currency.
@_date: 2018-06-26 21:16:32


If it doesn't go past 100k this year will you admit that you were wrong and that I was right to suggest that you were over-confident and simply believing what you want to be true?
I'll be happy to admit that I completely misunderstood the fundamentals of economics or how they apply to bitcoin if it does.
Also if institutional money is coming in this year, shouldn't the price be going higher than when institutional money wasn't coming in?


That analogy was "simple strategies people think everyone else is too dumb to have thought of because they're slightly counter intuitive", it wasn't that the betting strategy is exactly the same.
What about "buy when everyone is selling, sell when everyone is buying" is so challenging that any average joe, let alone hedge funds with billions of dollars to play with, couldn't follow if it was actually a winning strategy?


If you have good reasons for investing you shouldn't have to resort to an argument by authority, you can just say why its a good idea. A good idea is a good idea regardless of who says it.


I'm asking for evidence and reason to believe bitcoin is going to go up besides "every time it has crashed before it has gone up higher, its a pattern", along with "when X amount of money goes into bitcoin (for some reason) then bitcoin will be worth Y", which is just saying what you want to happen and not explaining why it will happen.
@_date: 2018-06-17 16:49:02


Why are so many people deciding to use Bitcoin through 3rd parties like coinbase then?
Seems like a design flaw if its technology encourages most people to use it in a way that instead of enforcing the principle of trustless P2P usage it instead encourages people to use bank like entities like Coinbase to store their money and process their transactions.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:06:58
If audits are irrelevant why was it ever claimed there would be regular audits?
They already had another company look at their bank balance, the same company they later dissolved their relationship with because they wanted to perform "excruciatingly detailed procedures" for their audit.
 why do you think this is anything new?
@_date: 2018-06-30 16:02:27
They said that the "useful for things" part of price was going up 1.5-2x a year.
In order to make that claim you actually have to have some way of measuring the "useful for things" part as opposed to the "speculaton" part. unless they're just saying that without any metric you can just know the usefulness of bitcoin is going to go up 1.5-2x no matter what.
@_date: 2018-06-15 21:58:47


[Outputs are down](
[Search traffic is way down](
By no measurable metric is bitcoin adoption increasing.


That is the bigger picture. The top 500 retailers make up the majority of trade. Amazon and eBay alone handle over 50% of ecommerce.
One of the top 500 retailers dropping out cancels out every "local business accepts bitcoin" story you've ever heard plus 10,000
@_date: 2018-06-27 14:41:52
Okay so what happens when devs/miners make a change that all miners and nodes agree with but 30% of users don't agree with?
They can just start their own fork? how does that make the original immutable? Unless all miners switch to the new fork its not going to be as secure and so not as valuable.
If value comes from mining then its the miners who have the most say. That's not a democracy, its an oligarchy.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:44:28


They can't officially call it an audit because they haven't performed one.
Yet this is being reported as an audit. Surely the skeptical "don't trust, verify" crowd wouldn't be able to be misled into thinking there's no difference between this and an audit?
Your willingness to "read between the lines" is exactly the naivety they're relying on in the crypto space for people to not know the difference between checking a bank balance on one day and a full audit, and that somehow them not being able to call it an audit is some semantic difference of no real meaning.
@_date: 2018-06-23 11:51:04
Bitcoin is always going to increase in value so its always dumb to sell.
Never sell. Whenever you sell you're depriving yourself of future gains.
@_date: 2018-06-17 16:47:17
We need cryptos so we can do away with crypto exchanges
@_date: 2018-06-27 16:42:11
Relative percentage of utility isn't the same thing as overall utility or overall demand.
Even if 100% of platinum was used in industry, it wouldn't mean there is more demand for industrial platinum than industrial gold.
More gold is used for electronics in a year than platinum is used for all purposes combined, and electronics is less than 10% of the demand for gold.
Gold has a proportionately higher rate of speculation precisely because it has strong underlying demand that tends to outpace increases in supply, which tends to make it a good investment over time.
Growth in demand for platinum jewelry has been much smaller than demand for gold regardless of relative proportion of demand. Platinum simply doesn't have the historical or cultural significance of gold despite being rarer, just like stones rarer than diamonds are much less in demand than diamonds because of the culture of diamond engagement rings that De Beers helped create.
It is nothing to do with a circular "gold is a good store of value because people like to show off gold as a store of value because its a good store of value" argument.
If the tradition of gold wedding rings started to die out or got replaced by another metal global demand for gold would take a huge hit, and if all the people buying gold jewelry decided Platinum was a better "show of wealth" because its rarer then the price of gold would plummet.
@_date: 2018-06-18 22:44:39
The World Food Programme, a UN agency, feeds 80 million people a year. The FAO, another UN agency, was instrumental in supporting the research of Norman Borlaug, who's work helped save 1,000 million peoples lives.
Exactly how are people so poor they can barely feed themselves supposed to benefit from a deflationary currency?
Deflation is bad for subsistence farmers because the majority of their wealth is held as land and crops, not held in cash. only time they're holding any significant amount of cash is the short time between them selling their crops and then then using that money to reinvest in farming.
Farmers also rely on debt to survive bad harvests, which deflation is also bad for because it increases the burden of debt.
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:00:40


Bitcoin only has around 40% of the market cap, and is processing only a minority of transaction volume, whether you go by total transactions or dollar value.
In the history of tech there have been protocols, softwares, hardwares and companies that have had much larger network effects, a bigger first mover advantage and a higher percentage of market dominance and they've still lost their lead.
If granted, the idea that Bitcoin won't be easily replaced due to network effect also destroys the number one argument used against the possibility that the tiny number of nodes/devs/miners who make all the major decisions for bitcoin decide to act for their own benefit at others expense, which is "it doesn't matter if most people aren't running nodes, if miners conspired to subvert bitcoin for their own benefit, users would just move to another fork and the original would become worthless without users". 
If its that easy to replace the network effect of all those miners, devs, and companies, that a new fork without any of that institutional backing will be competitive then you can't simultaneously claim it is network effects that make bitcoin valuable and it doesn't matter if there's an infinite number of potential forks because you can't just copy the bitcoin code and compete without having all the miners and devs bitcoin has.
it also destroys the argument that bitcoin is valuable because of all the mining power behind it and other coins are worthless insecure shitcoins just waiting to be compromised. In which case if you split from the fork that a cartel of miners supports you'll be one of those worthless insecure shitcoins.
@_date: 2018-06-17 22:06:23


Being a unit of account is a fundamental function of currency. 
The definition of currency isn't just something you can use as payment. You can use anything as payment if you can convince someone to accept it. There are places that accept gold as payment, gold no longer works as a unit of account because you need a critical mass of exchange before something will work as a unit of account.
If I agree to pay you $50 worth of corn for $50 worth of steel it still doesn't make corn a currency, I'm just bartering with it and using dollars for pricing.
There's no way to directly price steel in corn, unless corn is used as currency. If you were attempting to trade without a currency for pricing, the value would vary hugely depending on how much the person needed corn and how much the other person needed steel.
I've never seen anyone able to price anything in bitcoin without first pricing it in another currency, which is a key test for whether something works as a unit of account.
@_date: 2018-06-15 15:33:30
People also said Juicero was dumb and Theranos was a fraud. Guess those are both inventions as undervalued and revolutionary as electricity.
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:31:51
Why is everyone talking about the price of bitcoin as some kind of game of market psychology instead of the price actually being based on it being useful for things?
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:48:09


[Nobody knew computer security could be so complicated](
@_date: 2019-08-19 21:28:25
Hardware wallets have already been hacked. SFYL in advance.
@_date: 2018-06-28 15:04:52


Bitcoin doesn't need a centralized 3rd party authority to reverse transactions that go wrong. Bitcoin is trustless and permissionless, transactions are IRREVERSIBLE, that is what keeps fees low, it avoids the cost of mediating disputes. 
If you're worried about someone not delivering the goods use a smart contract, don't go running to daddy government begging him to regulate bitcoin transactions which he can't even do anyway.
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:58:33


The goalpost is the same the last time they tried to pass off something that wasn't an audit as an audit, fulfill your promise to get at least one audit conducted.
Last time they at least succeeded in hiring an accounting firm to produce their non-audit, now they havent' done that, they hired someone who explicitly says they're not an accounting firm and not qualified to perform an audit.
They promised regular audits and still haven't successfully gotten a single one, which they are now blaming on no auditor being willing to work with them despite the fact they dissolved the relationship with their last auditor, "Given the excruciatingly detailed procedures Friedman was undertaking for the relatively simple balance sheet of Tether, it became clear that an audit would be unattainable in a reasonable time frame"
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:03:47


Also if you get black on roulette 5 times in a row, its more likely to be red next time.
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:12:25


By what metric is adoption increasing?
Not by payment outputs, or acceptance in the top 500 retailers, or trade volume on exchanges, or search traffic relevant to adoption.
@_date: 2018-06-30 18:28:24
So if I get 3 commits accepted you'll definitely admit that I know more about LN than Andreas and you were wrong to ever think it was a workable idea?
Because that would be a pretty dumb reason to change your beliefs, which suggests the current reasons for your beliefs are also dumb if you would change them for a definitely dumb reason.
What do you think you learn in the process of googling "bash completion" and looking through a doc for basic typos? 
@_date: 2018-06-30 22:13:19
That first link says the black market operates on USD, not Bitcoin. It says nothing about Bitcoin.
The 2nd link shows no evidence of Bitcoin being used to trade goods on the black market, it shows that a small amount of trade is going on in bitcoin exchanges.
If even 1% of Venezuelans were making 1 bitcoin trade a day the blockchain would be totally overwhelmed and fees for one transaction would be several times more than the monthly minimum wage.
@_date: 2019-08-04 20:35:13


it comes from the DIAR report in June 2018, the most recent data I could find on routing success probability. 
Not sure what data you're using to confirm a 100% success rate at $100, i couldn't find any more recent than that.
@_date: 2018-06-16 12:22:53


What does that even mean?
What use is a currency except for facilitating trade? 
"store of value" is a circular argument, it has to be valuable for a reason for it to be a store of value, and simply being rare doesn't make something valuable, or stable in price which is what a store of value needs to be.
Not to mention its a terrible store of value and has lost over 50% of its value several times in 9 years, which is why people say things like "don't invest more than you can afford to lose", which would make it impossible for any business to use it as a store of value.
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:19:50


Its crazy how many "buy and replace" people don't realize this is accomplishing nothing but pissing away unnecessary money on fees.
@_date: 2019-08-21 13:57:27
184 billion bitcoins were added to the ledger, then they were taken away again because the right people agreed to make a change to the code that would take them off. 
All "fixed" means is "fixed so long as the right people agree not to change it".
Of course fixed supply currency is a terrible idea, so you wouldn't want it to be fixed anyway. 
there has never been a successful mainstream fixed supply currency in human history. any functional currency requires supply elasticity in order to maintain a steady purchasing power.
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:17:06
I remember back in January when the stock market had its biggest drop for the last couple of years, those were very pumpy times for bitcoin
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:21:55
I like how this article cited absolutely no sources or stats for the claims its "creating nodes of prosperity"
@_date: 2018-06-16 12:53:40


I don't see how this explains why a payment company would want a public blockchain over a private one unless everyone was also using that blockchain as currency.
The cost of forking BTC is negligible, you can do it for free using an app. Even if this wasn't true the code is open source and a company like Paypal could easily afford to hire programmers to make whatever version they like.
The whole purpose of a P2P blockchain is so you don't need a centralized authority to handle payments. If you have a centralized payment company you don't need a P2P blockchain, you can just use a private database, and get all the benefits centralization provides.


You said "I'm personally finding it a huge store of value", when what you really mean is "its worth more than what I paid for it", which is not the same thing.
"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved."


You've already said you are so this is kind of pointless.
And no I'm not a crypto owner, I've never done any trade with anyone who even accepts bitcoin and even if they did accept bitcoin I'd prefer to use cash and cards anyway so I have no reason to use it.
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:55:05
gold is primarily a jewelry metal that also has use in industry which is what makes it a store of value because demand for uses of gold consistently grows faster than supply of gold which tends to make golds value increase over time.
Bitcoin is a speculative asset that people think will make them rich for buying some currency and then sitting on it for a few years, because its a store of value, even though its lost over 50% of its value at least 4 times in the last 10 years, and the definition of a store of value is "the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved"
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:09:57


yeah, those people who sold at the peak and bought lambos with the money didn't listen to all the fud saying it was a bubble and they should sell before it bursts, they HODLed strong.
@_date: 2018-06-30 14:52:54
So the most valuable thing about Bitcoin is creating speculative bubbles?


What exactly are you measuring that is going up 1.5-2x a year?
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:34:24


Are you saying its impossible for bitcoin to be any more decentralized than it is now?
Wouldn't it be more decentralized if most of the hashpower wasn't concentrated in a few nations with the cheapest electricity. And also if there wasn't a huge advantage to companies that can afford their own ASIC fabrication. 
@_date: 2018-06-30 14:49:27
How can you "truthfully" claim Lightning will scale to handle millions of transactions when its still struggling to route under 2000 nodes?
Lots of other software projects made incredibly claims like this. IOTA was supposed to be able to handle millions of transactions a second and its completely failed to.
Anyone can claim their project is capable of anything.
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:00:18
 &gt;Then, looking back at the graph years later we will see an average of 2x the adoption per year, give or take a few dips.
It's a 2-4 year "dip", so adoption is going to have to start shooting up soon to keep up with that "2x adoption a year" average.
Given the current rate of progress of 2nd layer solutions like Lightning, Raiden and Rootstock, I think a ridiculous level of faith is being placed in these mainly speculative technologies.
Lightning had 1000 nodes in March and hit 2000 active nodes in April. Even if it just kept adding 1000 nodes a month, it would be twice the size it is now. 
 That is an incredibly low number of beta-testers for what is supposed to be technology that can handle the entire worlds commerce and will supposedly make the 20+ million bitcoin owners rich. There are Free to play JRPG-MMOs with more Beta testers than that.
If even 1% of bitcoin owners became beta testers the network would be 100x bigger than it is. And these are meant to be the tech savvy risk taking early adopters who get involved who are spearheading the charge and is why they deserve to become millionaires off a few thousand dollar investment.
The bigger the gap grows between the hype behind these technologies and the reality the more crushing the correction is going to be.
@_date: 2018-06-30 21:48:26
If bitcoin devs delivered they wouldn't need Lightning. Bitcoin was never supposed to need a "2nd layer" to scale. It was only when Satoshi secretly implemented a blocksize limit to try and prevent DoS attacks that people realized it wouldn't scale with limited blocksize.
Lightning is not specific to Bitcoin, it works with Litecoin and could be made to work with almost any crypto based on roughly the same code.
@_date: 2018-06-27 19:27:17


A small decline in demand for jewelry relative to peak levels is not suddenly going to make gold worthless as a store of value. Demand for gold jewelry is still higher than it was in 2011 which was the peak of the speculative bubble, its still double what it was in the 80s. Even if demand had been flat since the 80s production is still getting more expensive to mine so it would still have gone up in value.
Not to mention while jewelry is the biggest source of demand its still only half the picture, and demand is only half the picture of price.
If there was no demand for gold as jewelry, or as a part of electronics or medicine or any other practical use, what do you think would make it a better "store of value" than metals that are rarer and also have demand for practical uses?


Disagree with what? That nothing is a store of value just because its rare? People with a vested interest in gold being magically valuable beyond supply and demand aren't people I would consider authorities on the matter.
Stores of value are stores of value because of stable supply and stable or increasing demand. Jewelry demand is an overwhelmingly large part of the reason gold is a store of value, it accounts for the majority of demand and is twice as big as the next biggest source of demand.
Bitcoin was meant to be a store of value because it was going to be a global currency. Then when people realized it wasn't going to be very good as a currency it pivoted to a circular "its going to be a store of value" reasoning, from people who don't realize why things aren't just valuable because they're rare.
@_date: 2018-06-16 11:38:05
If 1% of people were using or owning bitcoin it would be 76 million people.
Even if you go by [number of wallets]( which is far higher than the number of actual users since people have multiple wallets, its still not even half a percent.
And of course that doesn't include all the people who made a wallet years ago and have abandoned it since.
@_date: 2018-06-23 11:07:39
The Winkelvoss twins alone have 100,000 between them. 
This is why fixed supply currencies are dumb. Currency quantity needs to dynamically scale with level of use. If you distribute 80% of the currency when less than 1% of the population is using it you are guaranteeing that a tiny number of people will be able to crash the currency at will.
Only the most naive market fundamentalist could believe that there's no way being able to crash the worlds currency at will couldn't possibly be abused for personal gain and that inevitably the currency will become more evenly distributed.
These are also the same people who complain about government regulation and then are outraged when some exchange is found doing insider trading.
People are so obsessed with not having the government in control they've completely ignored an even smaller and less accountable group of private individuals has control over the currency.
Fortunately there's nothing forcing anyone to use Bitcoin, so the only people who are going to lose out is other temporarily embarrassed trillionaires looking to play the same con. The idea you can buy up open source database tokens and then get people to give you 90% of their wealth for them doesn't pass the most basic rational inquiry, only reasoning motivated by mean spirited self interest gets you anywhere close.
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:39:47
I love how people keep repeating this as if millions of bitcoins haven't already been seized by hackers and governments.
"yeah but they didn't secure them properly".
Everything is "unseizable" if no matter how frequently it gets seized you just say it wasn't secured properly. No truly secure bitcoin could ever be seized.


What makes you think "colluding nation states" have made any serious effort to take down Bitcoin?
It's not even illegal in 99% of the world, let alone are they actively trying to shut it down.
The vast majority of bitcoin production is heavily dependent on state subsidized electricity. just those nation states refusing to sell electricity to bitcoin miners would seriously weaken the power of mining, let alone if China decided it was going to seize every bitcoin miner and ASIC plant and devote 1% of its tax revenue to bitcoin mining.
@_date: 2018-06-30 22:08:48
This is a sound investment strategy.
1. Buy $5 worth of Bitcoin with you 5 million bolivar mininimum wage job
2. Don't buy any food for a month, starve to death and pass the fuck away (dead hands are the strongest hands)
3. Pass $5 worth of Bitcoin on to your kids
4. Kids sell bitcoin (now worth $4), buy food, $4 of food now goes further than $5 because you're no longer alive
@_date: 2018-06-16 12:09:03


If you believe this and aren't interested in talking about any measurable metrics for bitcoin then there's nothing anyone could say to dissuade you.
Good luck waiting for other peoples work to turn you into a millionaire.
@_date: 2019-08-04 22:27:34
Again that's not how stats work. Do people honestly think a non-random sample size of 1 is statistically significant?
If only 10% of routes work for that transaction size, that still means there are thousands of routes that do work. It's trivially easy to find one of those thousands of routes and create a video showing it working.
That doesn't prove the stat wrong anymore than finding a 90 year old cancer-free smoker proves smoking isn't bad for your health.
A large node like bitrefill is going to have far more viable routes than a single individual so is obviously far less likely to fail.
Also why would anyone who wanted to make that video upload it if the test failed? They could easily find a route that didn't fail and just upload that.
@_date: 2019-08-04 21:50:24
You've made 500 $100 payments since last June?
@_date: 2018-06-27 11:42:09
60% is usage. Jewelry is a usage of gold and 50% of gold demand is for use as jewelry.
Trying to pretend use of jewelry is just a "store of value" is a circular argument. Why is there such high demand for gold jewelry when there are much rarer metals and precious stones that can be used for jewelry.
Gold is valuable because of high demand relative to supply. Platinum is 3x rarer than gold, but its less expensive than gold per ounce because far fewer people want platinum jewelry.
If the culture changed and platinum jewelry became more popular than gold jewelry platinum would quickly become much more expensive than gold because there would be much smaller supply relative to demand.
@_date: 2018-06-29 17:05:14
If the argument is that gold is valuable because its used as jewelry and its used in jewelry because it valuable then thats a circular argument.
People are using the word "store of value" recursively when what they really mean is "rare".
There are both rarer and more expensive materials than gold that can be made into jewelry that don't share anywhere near the same popularity as gold jewelry. Gold is popular as jewelry because of cultural popularity, like diamonds.
Most wedding rings are gold, most engagement rings have a diamond. Gold is not the rarest metal, diamond is not the rarest stone.
Diamond popularity is relatively recent, invented as a marketing campaign by the De Beers corporation. Gold has much deeper historical roots, used in wedding ceremonies and by royalties for thousands of years.
neither of these things are permanent or inherent properties.
People want to pretend gold has some magic "store of value" property because it allows them to avoid the reality that a store of value is just something with relatively stable supply and demand that can be reliably exchanged on markets.
@_date: 2018-06-30 22:45:43
The underlying value sell to me seems to be "amortize onchain transaction costs over a larger number of offchain transactions + offchain transactions faster than the blockchain allows".
I don't see why people expect this to have the revolutionary potential that's not already available from a 3rd party centralized payment processors, unless its based solely on avoiding the cost of financial regulations people hope won't apply to large Lightning nodes.
People are already willing to accept some level of increased centralization/trust/censorship (see:hubs + watchtowers), so why bother compromising with the worst of both worlds? Why not just have a fully centralized service for efficient day to day trade and then use on chain transactions for everything else?
A lightning node can't route transactions any faster or cheaper than a regular centralized service can, although you can perhaps bury the cost in users electricity bill. it has many major drawbacks, such as account balances limiting transaction capacity, and having to have an unbroken chain of channels between you and anyone you want to trade with.
That is automatically going to make it slower and less reliable no matter what. 
"well with Lightning you can open another channel to someone else if a hub blocks you" applies just as well to just making an off chain transaction. Realistically the average person is not going to want to so frequently open new channels that this would matter to them.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:08:28
yeah, no business could ever operate for years on a fraudulent business model without anyone noticing[.](
Especially one that repeatedly claims to have an audit despite the companies they hired saying its specifically not an audit. Nothing suspicious about that.
@_date: 2018-06-24 19:42:29
If only someone would invent a currency that you could use without a 3rd party payment processor.
Maybe one day...
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:33:39
By that logic Bitcoin is terrible compared to many other coins that have seen 100x increases in the last year. 
Then market cap seems to matter all of a sudden.
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:55:05
You're recursively defining store of value here.
you're not saying "its rarer than other commodities and so a smaller amount is more valuable", because then things like platinum and iridium are much rarer than gold.
you're saying its more valuable, so it takes up less volume for an equivalent space, so its more valuable as a store of value. that's a circular argument.
The real reason is because there is very high demand for gold jewelry and gold electronics, demand that usually outpaces the ability of mines to supply it, which means the price of gold tends to increase over time, which makes its valuable for people who want to own something that will increase in value over time.
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:43:24
A debit card works on an interchange network like VISA.
How do you think you can use one of those networks with no fees?
You apparently just don't bother paying attention to the hidden fees, which is most likely in the "exchange rate" between bitcoin and fiat.
@_date: 2018-06-30 22:51:44


So its just a way for rich people to make money?
It's not doing anything to allow regular people to trade more easily, for that they're still using Bolivars and USD?


Bitcoin has lost 70% of its value in the last 6 months, why would they be better off with Bitcoin than any other store of value?
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:37:15


If institutional money is flowing into bitcoin why is trade volume and price going down?


If institutional money was going to push the price to 100K why would they want to risk other players getting in and pushing it to 50K before they can buy any.
At current trade volumes, a single large bank could put the price to 20K at will. Of course they'd actually have to believe it was worth 20K and not just try and engage in a pump and dump.


If you're confident bitcoin will be around 100K before the end of 2019, why would you put the goalpost at just above 6 by 2021?
I could believe Bitcoin will still be selling for $6,000-10,000 in 3 years time, just like there are still Beanie Babies selling for $10,000. It doesn't mean there's any future in Beanie Babies.


If its taking 2 years its not "panic selling".
@_date: 2018-06-25 13:31:23
It uses traditional banking infrastructure so people can have all the benefits of legacy banking while pretending they're using bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2018-06-28 17:10:57
All sarcasm aside this is actually a good point.
Although you still have to trust the escrow to be honest, so its pretty academic whether they defraud you by personally stealing your money or just by signing off on a multisignature transaction when they shouldn't have.
Trust is a fundamental component of trade and markets, pretending you've eliminated the need for trust just makes gullible people more vulnerable to scams. 
the only true recourse to breaking trust is what you already mention, appeal to a centralized authority with the power to investigate and enforce contracts.
The absence of a trusted authority allows more fraud to happen, not less, which is why chargebacks prevent far more fraud than they allow and why the rate of fraud and scams in crypto is so high despite the apparent lack of need for trust.
@_date: 2018-06-23 15:35:51
If price follows hash rate growth then price should never have slowed down if hash rate growth never slowed down.
@_date: 2018-06-20 18:43:15


How could you have a run on Tether when its not possible to redeem Tethers at will? 
Why would it be "required" to keep a full reserve when they have no legal obligation to give you anything for Tethers?


Yes, if you hire a law firm to look at your bank balance are you somehow unaware that you're going to need to have money in that bank balance or it will look bad?
audits look at more than just your bank balance for 1 day for a reason
@_date: 2018-06-23 12:06:05
Every time people have said price is going to crash its only come back stronger.
Your FUD directly contradicts the mathematical truth behind Bitcoin.
If its happened 4 times in a row that means it always has to happen forever. 
Price crashes are good because they weed out the weak hands and non-believers and allow strong hands to increase their hodlings.
@_date: 2018-06-16 13:31:41


I do have an interest in crypto, the same reason I had an interest in the subprime mortgage bubble, it doesn't mean I have to have a subprime mortgage to be interested.
I'm interested in talking to people who hold other points of view so I can learn and test my own beliefs.
Apparently that makes you a "sado" and you should only want to listen to yourself and people who think exactly like you. 


No you wouldn't, otherwise you wouldn't be wasting your time talking to "sados" on the internet.
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:37:11
Western Union are doing half a billion dollars more revenue a year than when Bitcoin was launched.
I hear they have to put up Foxconn style suicide nets to catch all the executives flinging themselves from the roof into Scrooge McDuck money pools.
@_date: 2018-06-29 15:57:30
How is Bitcoin more private than buying an amazon gift card in cash and then 1 shot emailing the code to someone?
An Amazon gift card is accepted in exchange for goods and services by far more merchants than Bitcoin is, and its not liable to lose 10% of its value in a day or 70% in 6 months.
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:53:36


you're going to need to explain the difference. the only meaningful distinction I can think of is "seizing" is something done legally by governments whereas "stealing" is done illegally by individuals. Both involve taking without someones permission.
If an individual hacker can steal hundreds of thousands of bitcoins, but its not possible for the FBI and the NSA who are legally allowed to hack, and have permission to wiretap, install backdoors in server rooms and software/hardware companies and threaten the people working there with lifetime in prison if they warn anyone, seize computers, threaten people with decades of jailtime for not co-operating?


I thought Bitcoin was going to take down the government monopoly on currency and stop evil central bankers from stealing your wealth with inflation? 


The DragonMint 16T is currently the most efficient ASIC on the market. It outputs 16 TH/s, and takes 1480 watts to run. It costs $2,729. The current Hashrate of the whole network is 39,600,000 TH/s, half of that is 19,800,000 TH/s
To buy enough miners to put out 19,800,000, assuming you pay retail rate and aren't getting any discount, is 3.37 billion dollars.
So that would cost 0.1% of Chinas government annual spending.
To run all those miners would take $146,520 of electricity an hour, or $1,283,515,200 a year, assuming the state owned Chinese hydroelectric companies decide to charge the Chinese government the consumer rate. So that would cost another 0.04% of Government spending a year.
That's assuming for some reason the government aren't interested in selling any bitcoins they mine or making money off transactions.
That's also assuming the Chinese govenment doesn't just walk into Bitmain, execute the executives for treason and put the company into state ownership as they're legally allowed to do, and then now own the company that is making most of the worlds ASICs.
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:23:09
Okay why is gold a better store of value than platinum or palladium then?
@_date: 2018-06-20 18:28:20


I never said it was false.
Showing a law firm you have sufficient bank balance on 1 day is not a substitute for an audit.
You don't seem to know why regular audits are required if its as simple as "if they can prove they have the money on 1 day then they can be trusted forever".
@_date: 2018-06-28 13:42:57
Whether you give them keys to an existing address or send bitcoin to one of their addresses either way you have given up your bitcoin
@_date: 2018-06-24 16:38:01
Remember when people said it would never be cheaper than $10,000 and you should buy now before it goes to $100,000-$100,000,000?
@_date: 2019-08-19 21:31:34
Yeah, if you trust some random company to generate your private keys you only have yourself to blame if you lose funds.
instead you should trust some random company to make the hardware that generates your keys.
don't trust, verify.
@_date: 2019-08-19 21:23:54


People need to stop saying stuff like this when its not backed up by anything.
There's less than 5,000 people in the entire world using LN and I'm willing to bet precisely fuck all are "unbanked".
Nothing about LN is suitable for banking the unbanked, its not a functional substitute in any way. Some Ugandan plantain farmer who makes $5 a month is not going to be opening an LN channel or running a node 24/7, nor would they have anyone to trade with if they did.
@_date: 2018-06-28 13:56:10


That doesn't explain why not even 0.2% of Bitcoin users would put on a token amount to support the network they believe is going to send bitcoin to the hodlmoon.
Are people are really worried about losing 500 satoshi? That's a trivial investment in what is a technology that is supposedly going to make people rich enough never to have to work again
How fast do you think they're going to catch bugs with less than 2000 active nodes?
The routing for 2000 nodes is exponentially simpler than 20,000, or 200,000. If you really think Lightning can scale to handling millions of transactions securely, its going to need significantly larger number of participants before it ever moves into the "not dangerous to use" category.
The real reason isn't "its too risky", the real reason is the vast majority of bitcoin users only care about speculation and Lightning is a lazy excuse for how other people are going to make Bitcoin a valuable currency despite their interest only extending to making money from other peoples work.
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:25:33
True, there is a strong correlation between how intelligent and perceptive someone is and how verbally aggressive they are on internet comments.
Youtube comments are widely considered a font of knowledge for this reason.
@_date: 2019-08-04 22:04:09
That's not how stats work.
If I smoke a million cigarettes and don't get cancer that doesn't somehow prove there's a 0% risk of cancer from cigarettes.
The data to calculate the success probability is out there but its a lot of work which is why the last time someone appeared to do it was last year. Although you'd think people getting paid millions of dollars to work on the project would have an incentive to crunch the numbers.
@_date: 2019-08-04 21:54:43
A few transfers at $100 is not enough to ascertain a 100% success rate, especially if it was the same node transfer every time.
@_date: 2018-06-30 15:55:24
I meant what under the category of "useful for things" is going up 1.5-2x a year.
Just claiming the long term average price is based on usefulness isn't enough. The long term average price does not prove usefulness, it can just be the averaged out price between bubbles.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:07:50


audit**	and	were	not	conducted	in	accordance	with	Generally	Accepted	Auditing	Standards.
This is yet another 'not an audit' being passed off as an audit.
I don't know why anyone is suspicious about Tether when they repeatedly say they've had audits when they've still never had an audit. trust, don't verify.
@_date: 2018-06-16 11:25:40


That's for merchant adoption in the top 500 US retailers.
Transactions are at a 2 year low.


I believe a few statistics that say bitcoin adoption is decreasing more than 0 statistics that say its increasing.
If you provide any stats that say adoption is increasing then I'm happy to revise my position.


99% of people don't believe bitcoin is a viable currency which is why they have no interest in using, accepting or hoarding it.
Do you think you're way cleverer than all those people?
@_date: 2018-06-20 17:24:58
You just cited your own post as proof that I moved the goal posts. 
My goalposts have always been they claimed they're get regular audits and they haven't, they haven't moved.
They're the ones moving the goalposts from "we'll get regular audits" to "you don't need any audits because we hired a law firm that explicitly says its not qualified to do audits checked our bank balance, and that's all an audit involves really".
If audits weren't necessary why promise them in the first place? Anyone can get a law firm to look at a bank balance and confirm what it is. That's not a substitute for an audit, and only a fraud or a rube would pretend it is.
There is a reason Tether promised regular audits. Pretending now they were never important because Tether don't want any company looking in "excruciating detail" at their finances is blatant dishonesty.
If you're willing to trust a multi-billion dollar organization without any audits, and are willing to go to bat for their right not to be properly investigated, that's an awful lot of loyalty for someone who is supposed to verify, not trust.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:49:28


60% of its demand comes from jewelry and industrial uses?
It's subject to speculative bubbles due to supply inelasticity?
99.9% of stores on earth don't accept it as a currency?
@_date: 2019-08-19 21:32:16
What will the answer be when someone comes telling people how their hardware wallet got hacked?
@_date: 2018-06-30 17:39:18


Bcash is an even worse idea than Bitcoin, but nice try with the mind reading routine.
@_date: 2018-06-30 13:05:29


yes, every single listed company is going to go out of business and be replaced by nothing.
all index funds are going to go to 0.
bitcoin will still be worth something for some reason even though every major company in the world is bankrupt forever.
@_date: 2018-06-15 19:48:32




In this analogy you already know the internet is going to be successful for some reason, so this doesn't work to explain how you know Bitcoin is going to work.
Anyone can compare their tech to a previously successful technology and say "it's just like the internet, its going to be huge!"
For every internet there are 1000 pagers and other inventions that looked like they were going to be huge and then quickly got replaced by a superior technology.
If you can't explain why Bitcoin is completely failing to be mass adopted in Venezuela and Zimbabwe even though these are supposedly the first kinds of places that will adopt Bitcoin you should have some serious questions to ask about whether its going to work like you think its going to work.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:10:14


1. Audits are unimportant/impossible and it was pointless/incompetent for them to ever promise regular audits when getting a law firm to just look at their bank balance is just as good.
2. Audits are important and possible and its a serious warning sign that none have been conducted when they claimed they would get regular audits, and that they dissolved the relationship with their last auditor mid audit because of "excruciatingly detailed procedures" that were taking too much time.
Pick one.
@_date: 2019-08-22 22:46:44


And yet one of us is willing to debate the points they've raised and accept those points might have valid counter-points, while the other is certain that they're right and there's no point talking to anyone who disagrees.
But no, its definitely my mind that has been fixed. After all I'm voluntarily talking to people I disagree with, that is the first sign of a closed mind. Open minded people only talk to people they already agree with.
@_date: 2019-08-23 11:26:37


All of those things would still be a problem.
Any business has to convert into fiat to keep a stable cashflow, which means they need banking services to access exchanges, which means they need to conform to the regulations on exchanges, which means they're converting currency anyway so they're not saving anything than by just allowing overseas customers to pay with Visa and have Visa automatically convert.
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:28:18
Damn, I was ready to call this guy a genius before he said something I didn't agree with.
@_date: 2018-06-19 15:01:17
 A subsistence farmer wants to upgrade their farm by buying a new harvester that will raise their profitability from $1000 per year to $2000 a year. The harvester costs $10,000
Scenario 1 : They have a deflationary currency at 5% deflation and save $1000 a year. At this rate with compounding interest it will take them 8 years to afford the new harvester.
Scenario 2 : They have an inflationary currency at 5%, and borrow $10,000 to buy the new harvester. At this rate it will take 5.8 years to pay off the harvester.
How is deflation and getting rid of debt good for poor people in this situation?
@_date: 2019-08-22 22:14:18
Industries care about profit.
Borderlessness is only relevant to industry to the extent that dealing with border frictions induce cost and reduce profit. for most of the developed world you're looking at maybe 2-5% exchange rate fee at most, less for large industry. 
Only a handful of currencies and nations have major bitcoin exchanges. It's far easier to swap a turkish lira for a dollar than it is a turkish lira for a bitcoin. For consumer facing interfaces you can already buy something in euros with dollars far easier than you can buy something in euros with bitcoin, as all of the major interchange networks like Visa and Mastercard do automatic currency conversion.
Permissionless/immutability is a negative for any legal industry. They don't want to lose $100,000 in a hack and have no way of getting it back, and no way of blocking serial thieves and fraudsters from their payment networks. Millions of more dollars are saved from allowing chargebacks than from not allowing them, which is why they exist. Chargebacks weren't introduced because people love allowing credit card fraud for no reason.
There's nothing in either of those that comes close to 10-100x the benefit the internet had to their businesses which gave them access to a global market of consumers several times bigger than their own.
There's also the massive drawback of a completely inelastic supply which guarantees instability in purchasing power. No industry wants to have their cashflow in a currency that can regularly swings 10% in a day.
@_date: 2018-06-25 20:50:03
You're forgetting that Tether is backed by the immutable value of the blockchain. It is not backed by empty paper promises from the Federal reserve
Anyone can audit Tether any time they like:


Verify, don't trust.
@_date: 2018-06-30 19:02:21
Until you say that if I accomplish that you'll admit you were wrong and that I am a greater authority on LN than Andreas there's no point in me doing that since I would only be doing it to prove the point that having 2 minor commits on a project, one of which is a typo correction, the other an uploading of an existing script slightly modified, doesn't give you any authority to speak to its long term success. 
You know as well as I do that you would not and should not change your mind based on 3 minor commits because its not a legitimate argument, its an incredibly weak argument from authority that you would instantly switch to a higher grade argument from authority as soon as I completed it.
So I'd rather you just move on to that immediately than waste my time.
"3 minor commits that have nothing to do with networking don't prove you know anything. Where's your best selling book on Bitcoin? Wheres your podcast with Joe Rogan?"
If you wanted the unbeatable security of an argument of authority those are ones I'm not ever realistically going to achieve so you would be much better off with them than something that would be possible for anyone who's done the least amount of programming in their life.
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:55:57


How is gold easier to store and transfer than platinum, or palladium, which are both rarer than gold and both less expensive than gold.
@_date: 2019-08-19 22:59:55
email in 1991 wasn't 10x more expensive than snail mail. It was already obviously better and cheaper.
M-Pesa launched 1 year before bitcoin. There wasn't a tech that launched 1 year before email that was obviously far better at what email was trying to do 10 years later.
you said LN can banked the unbanked. If what you mean is "it can't right now, but maybe some indeterminate time in the future it might be able to" then say that.
@_date: 2018-06-20 16:24:57
When did I move the goal post again?
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:41:31
Lightning is also almost ready for mass adoption.
Just like it was almost ready in 2016
Lightning + Institutional money = HODLMOONLAMBO imminent
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:37:55
They specifically say its not an audit.
Lying and saying its an audit when its not doesn't help.
@_date: 2018-06-27 11:34:10
He didn't say that you said that he said it was.
@_date: 2018-06-26 13:37:18
These fiat cucks don't get it.
A 90% drop in trade volume isn't a "collapse", it is merely the bulls catching their breath so they have enough strength to break through the HODLLAMBOMOON
@_date: 2018-06-28 13:06:33
an escrow requires a 3rd party to take charge of money and then release it once it has deemed a contractual obligation has been fulfilled.
If you're free to just keep your keys regardless of what the escrow company says then its not escrow. That's just the other person trusting that you won't tell them to go fuck themselves.
@_date: 2018-06-19 15:10:44
The definition of inflation/deflation as purely the increase/decrease in quantity of currency is not a particularly useful one.
There are plenty of cryptos that have hit their cap and are technically 0% "inflation", but they're losing purchasing power because quantity is only one part of the purchasing power of currency.
When people complain about inflation they're complaining about a decrease in purchasing power, which is related to the quantity of money but not the sole factor. The value of currency is a dynamic relationship between supply and demand. Having a fixed or reducing supply of currency won't help you if there's no demand.
@_date: 2018-06-30 15:53:17


"good money" that isn't accepted or spent by 99.9% of the population isn't good money. In order for this "good money" to actually be useful you have to sell it for money. That means it works as an asset, not a currency. A currency is directly redeemable for goods and services.
"it holds its value" doesn't make something useful as money. Gold holds its value better than USD, try finding somewhere that will accept payment in gold coins.


It is a competition if you're claiming Bitcoin is was designed/is going to replace USD as the world reserve currency.
In both Venezuela and Zimbabwe, which have exactly the kind of hyperinflationary currency Bitcoin advocates say Bitcoin is the solution to, both that hyper-inflationary currency and the USD are far more populary as currency.
If Bitcoin can't complete with hyper-inflationary bolivars and zimbabwean dollars there's no reason to think it can compete with the most stable and widely accepted currency in the world.
"assess fundamentals and reason up from there" sounds a lot like ignore the real world evidence that bitcoin isn't a useful currency even places where the national fiat currency is terrible, and instead focus on how people wish bitcoin would work rather than how it actually works in real life.
@_date: 2018-06-30 14:44:19
His sole contribution in the last year has been to change the port numbers in an example in the docs to match the port numbers in a previous example.
The only other contribution is over a year before that, which is uploading a bash completion script.
Crucial work I'm sure, but I'm not sure it qualifies him to state definitively that a piece of software that is still struggling to reliably work with less than 2000 active nodes can scale to millions.
@_date: 2018-06-15 15:30:00
If its not happening now despite collapse of two national currencies why do you think Bitcoin would ever be able to replace far more stable currencies?
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:27:10


"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved."
Bitcoin is not a store of value, its a highly volatile speculative asset. It dropped 10% in value in the last day.
People need to stop saying "store of value" when they really mean "something I think will increase in value" or "something that is rare". That's not what a store of value means.


The majority of demand for gold comes from things bitcoin is useless for, namely making jewelry, electronics, medical implants and decoration.
If demand for gold jewelry dried up the price of gold would plummet. People can only make money speculating on gold (which they haven't for some years now) because demand for jewelry has grown faster than supply of gold.


There is an unlimited supply of "limited supply" cryptos. Nothing is valuable just because its limited in supply. Platinum is 3x rarer than gold but gold is more valuable per ounce because there is much more demand for gold jewelry than platinum jewelry.
@_date: 2018-06-25 17:24:21




Lightning is going to be the cheapest means of online payment, its going to shatter the greedy stranglehold of middlemen like Paypal who gouge its customers on fees.
Also its going to return 5% a week/60-80% a year on balances from fees.
@_date: 2018-06-27 17:37:35
True, its unlikely gold jewelry is losing its appeal any time soon.
Gold is the traditional metal of royalty and there are still billionaire royal families in the world.
I would expect royal families to have long died out by the time gold has lost its cultural appeal.
That's still completely different from the "its a store of value because its rare" argument that gets applied to "bitcoin is digital gold".
Stable supply and demand is what makes something a store of value, and something that is valued as a speculative asset is by definition going to have unstable supply and demand as you have repeated cycles of buying up and than selling off which causes price volatility.
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:20:56
For all the talk of curiosity you didn't actually mention what changed your mind on bitcoin, other than "I saw the price climb day after day"
A curious person might consider mentioning what faulty beliefs they had previously and what evidence corrected them.
There's also a tacit suggestion here that because you decided to criticize bitcoin without knowing anything about it, that all such criticism is based on ignorance. 
If you had no knowledge of bitcoin before criticizing it it suggests you weren't aware of any of the legitimate criticisms of it, which actually require some level of knowledge.


That's not why everyone is into bitcoin


There we go.
@_date: 2018-06-27 12:24:25


How are you defining and measuring "social consensus"?
Only a tiny number of people are running nodes relative to the total number of users. The vast majority of users have no meaningful say beyond deciding to abandon bitcoin in protest to changes or to stick with it because of lack of a better alternative.
It's not "immutable" if what you really mean is "a tiny number of people can make changes to the blockchain and if you don't like it you can just start a separate software project and try to get people to use that, but we'll just trust that since we're all trying to get rich off bitcoin that devs/nodes/miners wont make any changes that negatively effect price"
The threat that everyone might abandon Bitcoin and move to a new project based on the same code is only enough to stop devs/miners making changes so great it would drive off the majority of users. It does nothing to stop them making changes for their own benefit that would not justify the cost of users to try to switch to a lesser used fork.
It especially doesn't work when one of the main arguments why bitcoin is valuable compared to other forks is "its the most secure/highest hash rate network", because then any fork that doesn't take established miners with it will be incredibly vulnerable to 51% attack.
That's an oligarchy, not a democracy.
@_date: 2018-06-19 10:32:16


I didn't say traded via I said priced with.
I can swap corn for silver without anything in between. That doesn't make either corn or silver a unit of account. It doesn't make it possible to work out the equivalent value of corn to silver without a currency.
Swapping $50 of corn for $50 of silver requires different amounts of corn and silver depending on the day because the price of silver and gold are constantly changing due to supply and demand, which means the equivalent value is too.
There is no way any consumer can just know what the equivalent value of silver is in corn without a unit of account. Otherwise you're just bartering and that depends on the individuals need for silver/corn, and barter doesn't result in pricing because the "price" is always different depending on the individual.
Pricing is a socially emergent property of a currency that functions as a unit of account.
If you're swapping 1 BTC for 1 ETH you're an idiot because one btc is worth 10x what one eth is. The only way to know that is because overal supply and demand is approximated in currencies that function as a unit of account. 
If you're saying you can just directly price things in bitcoin without fiat then you should also be able to directly price other goods, not just other cryptos. How much is a pizza worth in bitcoin? How much is a lambo?
I don't know why any people would pretend its possible to answer these questions without using a unit of account since bitcoin does not have the critical mass of use to function as a unit of account by itself.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:01:36
If someone isn't worth your time then you don't spend any time on them.
If you say I'm not worth your time and then continue to spend time on me, you're just proving yourself a liar, or else are extremely weak willed if I'm genuinely not worth your time but you can't help yourself spending time on me when you claim I should be paying you.
@_date: 2018-06-29 15:54:29
52.44% of demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry. Another 16.88% comes from electronics, dentistry and other industrial uses.
Another 5% comes from central banks and the remaining 25% comes from private investors.
There is no asset in the world that is just valuable because "its a store of value". Being a store of value is a consequence of having stable underlying supply and demand.
If people stopped buying gold jewelry the price of gold would collapse.
@_date: 2019-08-23 09:57:20


I failed to make you waste your time replying to me because you were already going to spend your time replying to me?
This is big brain time.


You're obviously not if you'd rather reply 4 times saying how I'm not "worthy" instead of once with an actual counter-argument to one of the points I've raised.
You realize other people are witnessing this exchange right? They don't give a shit about your opinion of my "worthiness", all they see is that you're incapable of producing even a basic counter-argument to the points I brought up. Guess which is more convincing.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:02:36
That doesn't explain why they claimed they would get regular audits if they were never necessary or important.
Do you think its good business practice to make unnecessary promises you are unable or don't intend to keep?
It doesn't explain why people feel the need to call it an audit if audits don't matter.
@_date: 2019-08-19 21:59:54
Yes, they're not idiots. If they have a mobile phone they can use M-Pesa which has millions of users in Africa, and doesn't require you to run a node 24/7 for someone to be able to send you money, doesn't require you to spend money to open or close a channel. All you need is a mobile phone, not even a smart phone, and access to an SMS network, not even the internet. Good luck running a lightning node on an old Nokia. Good luck finding 3G in some backwater village in Kenya.
How many millions of africans are using LN?
You can also transfer up to about $3 a day for free, which for a shit poor subsistence farmer is more than they will ever need, they're lucky if they're making $3 a week. Why would they ever spend more than a days wages to open a channel on a network a tiny number of people are using, and that only stays active for as long as they're pissing away money on electricity?
@_date: 2018-06-27 11:48:42


Someone once created 180 billion bitcoins by exploiting an overflow bug. Thankfully the devs were smart enough to undo the transaction on the immutable blockchain.
That is what makes Bitcoin the superior store of value. Anyone could develop a cold fusion reactor, asteroidal mining company or nanotech seawater filter  to increase the potential supply of gold on earth by 8500x.
Whereas no one can ever increase the supply of bitcoins beyond 21 million because if they ever did the devs would just remove those bitcoisn from circulation. There can immutably only ever be 21 million bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:08:58
"The	 above	 confirmation	 of	 bank	 and	 tether	 balances	 should	 not	 be	 construed	 as	 the	 results	 of	 an	
audit	and	were	not	conducted	in	accordance	with	Generally	Accepted	Auditing	Standards."
Tether are relying on people being dumb enough to not notice the difference between an audit and a law firm confirming a bank balance.
@_date: 2018-06-30 20:05:55
1. How is his "objectiveness" measurable or provable?
2. Even if he was 100% provably objective, how would that translate into him being able to accurately predict that Lightning will be able to scale to millions?
The challenges that will need to be solved to get to that point haven't even been encountered yet, how could you know they were solvable before knowing what they are?
Antonopoulos has made plenty of predictions about Bitcoin/Lightning in the past that turned out to be wrong, I have no reason to believe he has suddenly gained clairvoyance in the meantime.
Here he is in [April 2016 claiming by the end of 2016 Bitcoin will have a hybrid proof of stake system because Lightning is a proof of stake system]( Lighting didn't launch until this year, although he's not entirely to blame since Lightning Devs were constantly saying release was only 6 months away, but it goes to show how unpredictable even near term project goals like "Lightning will be ready to launch in 6 months" are, let alone longterm goals involving thousands of unknowns like "Lightning will be able to handle routing millions of nodes".
[Here he is in December 2013 predicting a price of $10,000-$100,000 within 2 years.](
I haven't seen him make any specific prediction that actually hit, although I'm sure he's had a couple given the number he has made. He is usually smart enough though to avoid getting pinned down to anything someone could say he was wrong about.
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:59:07


If institutional players "moved in big" how could it possibly dip to 4k?
A single large institutional player has enough money to pay $6,000 for every bitcoin in existence, ignoring that millions are lost forever. 
There is not one mention in any of your comments of bitcoin actually being worth anything other than something that will be worth more in future, which is what leads to these contradictory theories that institutional investors are moving in their money, but doing so in a way that won't put the price up, because they want the price to stay low say they can buy more, and also they aren't moving in yet because it could go lower even though they have enough money to pum
Investments require more than simply trying to bid up the price of assets for other people to pay more for.


Is there any evidence for this that isn't wishful thinking?
Why would they want to buy in a way that wouldn't increase the price? After they've bought they want the price to go up.


Yes, its all because of google. No need for any fundamentals. Just buy low, sell high!
@_date: 2018-06-23 12:20:26
Bitcoin is digital GODL, its a store of value, its not meant to be used for buying and selling things.
No one uses gold for buying and selling more and its far more valuable then when it was used for buying and selling.
Weak hands just don't understand.... SMH
@_date: 2019-08-23 09:43:44
Nah I succeeded in that at least, you replied 3 times just to tell me i wasn't worth talking to, because even though you are unable to defend your beliefs you still have the ego-desire to have the last word.
@_date: 2018-06-30 17:22:07
if I make 3 will you consider me a greater authority on LN than Andreas?
If not there's not really any incentive for me to try to contribute to a project I think has 0 chance of ever being competitive.
I can probably find 2 minor mistakes in the docs and also upload some script that might be marginally useful for someone actually working on the project.
@_date: 2018-06-24 16:31:27
What do you think increased by 19x for bitcoin to increase 19x in price in a year, besides speculation?
@_date: 2018-06-29 15:44:27


That must be why everyone is getting rid of their bank accounts in favor of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-22 13:31:41


Bitcoins blockchain was hacked in 2010 and someone created 180 billion bitcoins. The developers just changed the code to ignore the hacked transaction, which is exactly what a bank would do if someone hacked their ledger of which they have millions of redundant backups. It's totally IMMUTABLE apart from that.
Saying you can't hack the blockchain (which you can, but lets pretend you can't), is as irrelevant as saying you can't hack cryptography. 
You do not need to break cryptography or POW to steal someones keys, or hack their wallet, or trick them into giving you their seedphrase, just like you don't need to hack a banks ledger to steal money from someones account.
What matters is the totality of the security of the system, not whether one part is unhackable. Any security system is only as strong as its weakest part. Putting an unbreakable lock on a paper door doesn't make it an unbreakable door.
The vast majority of hacks rely on social engineering and Bitcoins blockchain has no security features to protect against it which is why the amount of bitcoins stolen in hacks is so high compared to traditional banking.


Solving the problem of selling transaction data by giving it away free on a public IMMUTABLE database. Sounds good.
@_date: 2019-08-23 13:46:56
Well that was marginally less dumb than "spend and replace".


That's not how money works. A currency doesn't need to be worth X amount of some other currency before it can represent X amount of value. Currency doesn't need any inherent value, its just a token for value, its worth exactly as much as someone as willing to trade for it. It gains its value from being used as a medium of exchange, not because people buy it, its the thing you use to buy, not the thing you buy.
ironically this only seems to make any sense because people are thinking only in terms of what its worth in fiat. 1 bitcoin can be worth 1 pizza or 1 oil refinery as long as someone is willing to exchange those things for it. you don't need to buy $1,000,000 worth of bitcoin in order for it to be worth $1,000,000 worth of stuff.


This is never going to happen and its never how any currency has ever been adopted.
Things don't become a currency just because they're valuable and people are hoarding them. Try telling a store you want your change in diamonds or rare earth elements and see how well you do.
Things don't become currency just because they're valuable and they certainly don't become currency if people are hoarding them. Despite the hype over gold, it was one of the least popular metal currencies in history because of constant hoarding. Aristophanes wrote over 2000 years ago that gold coins were rarely used and people mainly used brass and silver instead. Gold only became the main currency of any economy in the late 1700s when central banks were advanced enough to develop a pure gold standard that allowed many paper notes to be printed for each bar of gold which alleviated the supply limit that constant hoarding presented.
Silver, copper, brass and zinc were all far more popular as currencies throughout human history despite not being good "stores of value" and despite there being less incentive to hoard them.
@_date: 2019-08-23 10:03:23
If you don't get it then I don't have time to explain it to you, sorry.
@_date: 2019-08-04 22:13:27


It's the most recent data.
anecdotes don't become superior to data just because that data is a year old.
based on the increase in channel capacity I fully believe the success rate is higher now than it was then. that is a far cry from proving the success rate is now 100% for $100, or would still be 100% even if there was a 90% reduction in capacity.


You already admitted that you have rarely ever used it for the size of transactions that we were talking about. if you actually care about the project you should care about using data that actually matters not a statistically insignificant sample.


For what? Nothing I ever want to buy has ever accepted bitcoin or any alts, let alone lightning.
@_date: 2018-06-18 10:14:37
I'm saying how do you think that exchange rate is worked out.
just because someone automatically converts the fiat value for you doesn't mean its not happening.
I can work out the dollar value of corn, and then price everything in corn equivalent, it doesn't mean corn is a unit of account because thats only possible by using another currency.
The amount of corn you would have to pay would vary moment to moment based on the price of corn in dollars, because dollars is the unit of account being used, not corn.
@_date: 2018-06-24 16:48:36
If you understand speculative cycles I'm not sure why this would be confusing.
Speculators buy expecting to profit from price rises, which causes the price to rise. As long as you can find more speculators the price can continue to rise. As soon as you run out of people to push the price higher, then all the people who only bought because they thought the price would go up start selling, which causes the price to drop, which causes more people to sell.
People are reluctant to sell at a loss, so it generally takes longer for a bubble to deflate than it does to inflate.
There are still people trying to sell Beanie Babies for $100,000 on eBay. For hardcore gamblers it takes a long time for them to admit defeat.
That there is anyone left who simultaneously thinks you can have a currency that also works as a speculative investment is more confusing than the fact people who only bought bitcoin to make money are now selling now its not making them any money.
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:52:46


There are less than 2,000 nodes with active channels. There are supposedly at least 10 million bitcoin users. That means less than 0.2% of Bitcoin users are interested enough even to launch a token channel with a few hundred satoshi to support this huge technological advancement.
If its such an elegant solution to scalability and such a big advance it should actually be attracting more use, since apparently that is what is holding back Bitcoin from being the currency of the future.
But its not because almost no one is actually interested in using bitcoin as a currency, they want it to be a get rich quick scheme, of which they're more than happy to use things like Lightning as proof they're going to become a millionaire off buying $1,000 of currency despite the fact they're not using this revolutionary technology that's going to make them a millionaire because they have no use for it.
@_date: 2018-06-28 13:00:30


The way you are using bitcoin is reliant on both fiat and centralized bank interchanges to work.
It directly contradicts the idea that fiat and centralized banks are worse than bitcoin and need to be replaced by bitcoin if you're saying the best way to use Bitcoin is to get a company to sell it for fiat and then transfer fiat.


Continuing to use fiat and banks isn't going to increase Bitcoin adoption. At best it could increase use of Bitcoin as a speculative asset that is sold for fiat which is actually useful as currency. Then you have to ask why its valued if people only care about it so they can sell it for other currency.
@_date: 2018-06-21 13:00:26


Just about all of them.
Have a look at how many procedures of an audit they haven't even started, let alone finished. This "Attorney-Client Communication" doesn't come anywhere close to the level of work and scrutiny involved in an audit.
An audit has to look at the financial transactions of a company and investigate the inner workings of the company and create tests to see if any financial malfeasance is being hidden or misreported, and they have to try and calculate the risks posed by the internal controls of the company and what could be done to reduce those risks. It's not anything close to as simple as confirming a bank account balance, and this law firm didn't even confirm that the personnel they spoke to from these two unnamed banks actually worked for the bank and that the balance was correct, which is the most basic due diligence that would be required from a professional audit. Especially concerning when Tether has had serious problems with banking in the past and isn't disclosing its current banking arrangements.
If an audit was as simple as "confirm the company has as much money as they say they do and have produced as much product as they say they have", then there would be a need for such rigorous standards on how audits are performed, and they wouldn't take nearly as long as they do.
 There are an infinite number of ways you could commit fraud, embezzlement, gross negligence and still have a positive bank balance. As simple a thing as using undisclosed debts/liabilities to cover losses of a company is something any audit would seek to uncover that this law firm never even attempted to look at because they're not an auditor and they weren't hired to do an audit.
They certainly haven't investigated anything like whether the money in their bank balances is the result of profiting from fraudulent market manipulation or facilitating money laundering or proceeds of crime, all of which could leave the company with a positive bank balance yet still put them and their customers at huge risk of their assets being seized or frozen.
They would also have to look at things like what caused their previous banks to cease trading with them and how those risks might affect future banking relationships. Strange how Tether could name their banks before Wells Fargo and the Taiwanese banks refused to do business with them, but now they can't. Probably just covering their ass.
There is a reason why the relationship with their last (and only) auditor got dissolved for "excruciatingly detailed procedures" taking too long, because an audit is excruciatingly detailed.
The fact this is being passed off as a comparable substitute to a professional audit should be sounding alarm bells, and would in any other sector if not for the buccaneering attitude in crypto that holds any allegation of potential wrong doing as an ideological attack.
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:47:43
Why is it so hard to believe that people wanted to invest 2.7 billion dollars in USD redeemable crypto and then didn't want to redeem it during a 70%+ market wide price crash when every crypto was getting sold and dropping in price?
They are TRUE believers in Satoshis vision, they will HODL til they die and we can all learn from their lesson instead of spreading this mindless FUD.
The Tether audit PROVES they have the money. time to go all in on Tether, its been the best store of value in the last 6 months. 1 USDT = 1 USDT
@_date: 2018-06-26 17:46:12
If you're an analyst by profession why invest in something before knowing anything about it?
That something you happened to invest in with no prior knowledge, out of a desire to get rich quick, coincidentally turned out to be one of the one in a million get rich quick schemes that is actually legit and not based on speculative mania or fraud should give you pause for thought of whether you're actually incredibly lucky or whether you're just fooling yourself.
your reasoning seems to be based on "there's a pattern of it spiking and crashing in price and every time it has crashed it has gone even higher so it will continue to do this"
Anyone can look at a stock chart and find a stock thats just crashed and think to themselves "if I buy now and it goes back up I'll be rich!". 


If playing the markets was actually this easy then why would anyone ever lose money? 
@_date: 2019-08-27 11:51:36


"**Abstract.** A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online
payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a
financial institution. Digital signatures provide part of the solution, but the main
benefits are lost if a trusted third party is still required to prevent double-spending.
We propose a solution to the double-spending problem using a peer-to-peer network"
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:42:18


Trends in what? Price?
Do you think you can work out something out just by looking at a price chart that billion dollar hedge funds with teams of programmers and mathematicians can't?
you haven't suggested any more sophisticated an investment strategy than "buy when people are selling, sell when people are buying" and "every time there's been a crash its gone back up so thats a pattern that's obviously going to continue".
If investing was that easy everyone would be a millionaire.
Thinking you're the first person to think of "buy when it goes down and sell when it goes up" is the amateur poker players equivalent of "when I have a really strong hand I'm going to bet weak and when i have a really weak hand I'm going to bet strong"
@_date: 2018-06-26 20:16:10
The history of gold is it has a several trillion dollar market cap and increasing price despite consistently increasing supply, because there is incredibly high and consistent demand for gold jewelry.
You can't simultaneously use unit price to say bitcoin is better than gold but then use market cap to say bitcoin is better than other cryptos with a higher increase in unit price.
@_date: 2018-06-28 12:35:27
The equivalency of price doesn't tell you how rare something is, which is the question being asked of the OP (i.e. how do you define whether bitcoin is rarer than gold).
5 ounces of gold could be worth the same as 1 bitcoin whether there were 5 million ounces of gold in the world or 50 billion ounces, depending on what the price of those things happened to be.
It's nonsensical to try to establish an equivalent unit of an infinitely divisible intangible asset with a physical asset. A bitcoin isn't equivalent to an ounce of gold anymore than its equivalent to a ton or an atom. Any superficial equivalency is just an attempt to hide the arbitrary nature of the division of an intangible asset.
If there was a parallel universe where Bitcoin had a limit of 100,000,000, but a bitcoin was the lowest divisible quantity, is that rarer or more common than a Bitcoin where 21 million bitcoins but each bitcoin can be broken down into 100 million pieces called Satoshi?
It's completely arbitrary what division you call a "bitcoin". Bitcoin could just as easily have been called "Satoshi", with exactly the same amount of Satoshi being produced per block as currently but with no concept of any bigger unit. That wouldn't be any more or less rare than the current system.
Even if you tried to go by "whats the smallest divisible unit of each", that doesn't define rarity. There are more gold atoms in the world than Satoshi, so Satoshi is rarer? Okay what if the protocol changes to now add a googleplex digits to the divisibility of bitcoin. You still have 21 million total bitcoins possible, so a bitcoin is just as rare as it was before, yet now there are far more of the lowest divisible unit than there are atoms in the universe.
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:21:02
covering their ass by not saying they have performed an audit when they haven't performed one, which would be illegal. smart.
If only Tether could learn that same ass covering spycraft of not saying you have an audit when you don't.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:52:32


There aren't any good stats on what percentage of hardware/software wallets have been hacked, there is no agency keeping stats on even all of the reported hacks, let alone unreported ones, so I'm not sure how you can claim to know this.
There aren't even good numbers on how many people actually have bitcoin, its anywhere from a few million to 30+ million.


\*paper wallet gets stolen\*
"what a fool, they should never have written anything down, just memorize the mnemonic phrase"
\*person dies or forgets their mneominc phrase without having any backup\*
"what a fool, they should have written it down and put it somewhere safe"
@_date: 2018-06-21 17:16:27
All modern eCommerce is secured with 256 bit encryption. This very page you're on now is secured using 256 bit encryption. Does that mean all ecommerce is perfectly secure and requires a Dyson sphere to compromise?
Cryptography is never the weakest link, and bitcoin didn't invent cryptography.
Things like 2 factor authentication and chargebacks exist specifically because an encrypted password is not secure enough to stop people getting robbed and defrauded.
@_date: 2019-06-08 14:31:44
Amazon don't accept bitcoin.
Moon is a chrome extension that sells your bitcoin for USD and then transfers USD over the Visa and Mastercard networks. It's no different than just selling Bitcoin yourself and paying with USD except using a middleman to do it for you who gets to harvest data on your spending.
@_date: 2018-06-25 18:26:33
Is that the same law firm that has one of their partners on the advisory board of the unnamed bank that Tether have their money in? 
The same law firm with ties to that casino in Saipan that got raided?
@_date: 2018-06-26 10:57:41


So if 1 ETH appreciates relative to BTC and becomes worth 1 BTC, but both go down to being worth $0.000000000001, you'd be happy with that because what you care about is how much BTC is worth how much ETH? Not what its worth in fiat of course.
@_date: 2018-06-20 15:13:16
lying about audits is cool so long as you keep encouraging other people to pump money into your bubble.
that's a financial strategy that definitely won't backfire
@_date: 2018-06-20 14:22:21
[Can't have a run on Tether if you can't withdraw dollars from Tether](
@_date: 2019-10-12 18:19:43


If the best data you have says "there is no evidence that the technical trading rules we consider consistently add value after data snooping bias is taken into account" and the evidence that says it does work is statistically weak and only applies to a particular sub-category on a very small margin of effectiveness then you should assume it doesn't work until high quality evidence (large pre-registered RCT) comes out showing it does, due to the overwhelming evidence that most published research findings that seem positive are actually false.
This is not just the case for TA but for any scientific proposition.
That you can find weak evidence for a sub-category is extremely likely to be meaningless; false positives become exponentially more likely the smaller sample you use, and the more you switch outcome.
This is common practice in all of scientific research. Company X are testing drug Y to see if it works on disease Z in a large sample. Overall the drug is found to have no effect, but if you dredge the data it turns out it did have a small effect on participants aged over 50. So maybe the drug does really work it just only helps old people.
Except this ignores that the trial wasn't trying to see if it worked in old people, it was just trying to see if it worked at all, and the drug working in old people was cancelled out by it not working in other people.
This is why you can't trust results of trials that aren't pre-registered. Otherwise the result is the current mess of anti-knowledge that is modern scientific output, where a study that should read "X doesn't work better than chance/placebo" gets transformed into "X works in subgroup Y".
To prove TA works you would need to create a pre-registered RCT that shows it works better than chance.
@_date: 2019-06-08 11:51:49
Great point, I never really thought about it like that before. I concede to your superior intellect. You've made me look quite the fool.
@_date: 2018-06-29 16:33:28


That wasn't 5% of all the gold in existence. It also cost trillions of dollars in current dollar equivalence to fund Germanys war effort. It didn't take 1 person with an internet connection and a laptop.
If you don't think you could perform a 51% attack with a trillion dollars I'm not sure what to tell you. The 3 Gorges dam only cost 30 billion dollars.
China would have no problem seizing every miner and ASIC fabrication plant in its  borders if it wanted to, but why would they when they're making money off selling its state owned hydroelectric power to miners and then taxing them on their income?
@_date: 2018-06-30 14:51:44
Who is John Galt?
@_date: 2018-06-27 11:38:22
180 billion bitcoin were removed from circulation and it didn't require the agreement of every bitcoin user.
Devs and miners are disproportionately influential.
@_date: 2018-06-28 11:39:38
These pretzels are making me thirsty
@_date: 2018-06-22 17:46:37
I'm asking why you think gold is the best analogy for bitcoin.
Bitcoin was supposed to be valuable as P2P cash, which is completely different from why gold is valuable. Gold is terrible at being cash which is why every country in the world has abandoned minting gold coins for circulation.
Gold is valuable for other reasons.
@_date: 2019-06-07 14:26:53
-73% in a year isn't a bear market its just a sale.
@_date: 2018-06-22 15:03:10
0.5 BTC per block? Why would you want to inflate the currency like that?
Each bitcoin should self-divide, becoming half of itself, every block.
Bitcoin will start doubling in value every block, even the poorest person could soon become a billionaire for only a few dollars investment.
This is why Bitcoin is a new paradigm. If hyper-inflation destroys economies it stands to reason that hyper-deflation will make us all rich as kings.
@_date: 2018-06-25 13:28:44
@_date: 2019-06-26 19:03:51


That would only be the case if there was absolutely 0 elasticity in demand and no limit on the amount of wealth in the world. For any demand elastic good, you can't just constrict supply and expect demand to stay constant and price to increase because people aren't willing or able to buy as much of something that costs $1,000 as something that costs $1.
In the case of speculative demand its slightly more complicated since people don't actually want the asset for any reason other than to make money, so immediate economic substitution isn't as obvious. It doesn't matter if $5 of copper can do the job of $500 of gold if all you want gold for is for it to be worth $600 and copper isn't increasing in value as fast.
In order for someone to pay a billion dollars for a bitcoin for anticipated speculative gain, they'd have to believe they could make speculative gains on that billion dollar bitcoin, meaning finding someone else being willing to pay more than a billion dollars. For the person who bought a bitcoin at 6 cents and sells it for a billions dollars its a great deal. Is anyone going to believe they can buy a bitcoin for a billion dollars and sell it for 16 quintillion dollars, which is the equivalent gain? No.
So there's a natural form of diminishing returns with any purely speculative asset as a consequence of needing exponentially more money to see the same gains, and since most speculators are attracted to a high rate of returns, they will naturally switch away from speculating on things as they hit diminishing returns which is why speculative bubbles are shorter lived the faster they grow.
"everyone just decided not to sell at a lower price" is not an explanation. No one wants to sell at any lower price than they have to. Something has to have happened to change peoples willingness to sell.
@_date: 2019-06-26 20:25:10


Money isn't wealth, its a token for wealth. If you double the amount of money in the world you don't double the amount of wealth, each unit of currency now represents half as much.


I'm talking about the actual amount of wealth a billion dollars buys right now, i.e. adjusted for purchasing power, i.e. the value of a dollar right now in 2019, not the value of a dollar after you've printed quadrillions of dollars. It would make no sense to say "bitcoin could go up to a billion dollars" if what you actually mean was bitcoin staying exactly the same value as it is now but dollars just becoming worth less. What matters is the purchasing power adjusted value. How much gold, steel, wheat etc you can buy with each unit of currency.
If you printed 21 quadrillion dollars you would not make 21 quadrillion dollars of wealth in order to exchange for bitcoin. For how much wealth there is in the world, at the current value of the dollar, there is not more than 300 trillion dollars of wealth in the world at most.
Saying "bitcoin could be worth a billion dollars! (so long as it means hyperinflating the dollar so that now a billion dollars is only worth what $10,000 was worth in 2019)", is a dumb trick. When people are talking about bitcoin being a million dollars they mean in present value, they don't care if bitcoin is worth a million dollars because the dollar is now worth less. Bitcoin is worth trillions of dollars right now if you don't mind them being zimbabwean dollars.


That's not a unique feature of bitcoin. Banks and private payment processors regularly move thousandths of a cent, they could move trillionths of a cent if they wanted to. Most money is just numbers on a computer somewhere.
No one is going to pay a billion dollars for a bitcoin because "its infinitely divisible".
@_date: 2019-06-10 11:44:06


This is a logical hypothesis for why fiat can be bad money but still universally popular except for the fact that lots of nations and peoples use a fiat currency they have no control over, meaning the only reason they do so is because its a superior currency, not because they get any benefit from controlling it because they don't, or because anyone is forcing them to use it, which they aren't.
When the Zimbabwean dollar collapsed, people started using all kinds of currencies: US dollars, Japanese Yen, British Pounds, South African Rand, even phone credit. Bitcoin/gold wasn't even in the top 10 of most used currencies.
there is absolutely nothing stopping them using gold or bitcoin if they want. They don't use them because they're bad currencies. It's crazy the lengths that free market types will go to defend the utter failure of a product to compete in the market place. How long does it have to fail to compete with any fiat before its accepted that its a worse currency? It can't even replace the Bolivar which is about as worthless as a fiat can get before people just start burning it as fuel.
 


You said:


Clearly deflation doesn't do anything to mitigate the systemic risk of bankruptcies otherwise the number of bitcoin exchanges going bankrupt wouldn't be so high. Bitcoin exchanges use far higher fractional reserves but still go bankrupt at a far higher rate than regular banks because they're poorly regulated, and its bad regulation that causes systemic risk, just look at the "Free Banking" era where banks collapsed at a similar rate to modern day bitcoin exchanges, because the government wasn't stopping them from gambling with other peoples money.
@_date: 2018-06-27 14:58:42
They would be.
That wouldn't make Facebook "immutable" because "well you can always start your own Facebook competitor/join another social media network if you don't like the ". 
If Facebook make a change people don't like "just make your own facebook" is not a realistic alternative because of network effects. Lots of people have tried and failed. A facebook competitor can't just be slightly better and still be competitive, it has to be so much better it outweighs the network effect. Perhaps one day some innovation will be so much better it counter-acts their entrenched benefits, but so far "facebook but slightly better in some respect" is not enough to compete.
Even Google with their already massive network effects on search and youtube couldn't realistically compete with facebook.
The claim that blockchain is immutable is just a vague wish. It can be changed by the people who control it, which is devs and miners, and that only sounds like a square deal for as long as their incentives are aligned with users, which is everyone wants price to keep going up.
Once miners have mined and sold all the bitcoin they're going to have billions invested in capital that only provides revenue from transaction fees. Then their incentive shifts from supporting whatever increases bitcoin price the most to whatever yields the highest revenue from fees, which isn't going to be the same thing.
@_date: 2019-06-04 19:16:51


That's not the definition of rent seeking. Rent-seeking can involve coercion but it doesn't have to, just like it can involve regulatory capture but it doesn't have to:


That's it. Trying to add additional conditions is not helpful to discussion. There are specific sub-types of rent-seeking but that doesn't make them exclusive definitions of rent seeking. The fact we have two separate conditionals (one claiming it is governmental, the other coercive, which aren't synonyms) in this very thread is an example of how unhelpful it is.
If you want to claim that all trade that isn't coerced necessarily generates wealth then you don't need to redefine what rent-seeking is, because that means its not possible to rent-seek without force. Trying to make that point by redefining rent-seeking so that it has to involve force is not actually making the argument that all trade necessarily generates wealth unless coercion is used, its attempting to avoid making that argument by changing what rent-seeking means so that by definition it has to involve force.
I wish people involved in cryptocurrency wouldn't redefine commonly used economics terms (store of value is another commonly redefined) because it makes it almost impossible to have a proper economics discussion when they change the definition of words in a way that specifically frames their ideology as correct at the expense of the ability to clearly describe well established economic concepts.
@_date: 2019-06-09 15:59:57


No nation on earth uses gold or Bitcoin as its main currency, or even its 2nd most common currency, despite there being nothing stopping them from doing so. Every country that ever used gold as a currency has long since abandoned it because it makes for bad currency.
Are you saying every nation on earth is involved in a conspiracy to not use a form of money you're claiming is superior and will become globally dominant?


That must be why bitcoin exchanges go bankrupt far more often than normal banks do. Because of the no systemic risk.
@_date: 2019-06-06 14:16:49


How does the current market not meet almost every one of those examples to some degree?
At a conservative estimate between 70-90% of all trading is wash trading, it could be as high as 95-98%. No one thinks there's anywhere close to even 50% genuine trading going on.
Insider trading is also rampant, with huge moves happening on exchanges right before major public announcements like some coin being listed/delisted or the exchange announcing everyones money is gone and is being replaced with a token they just made up. There's no reason not to do insider trading in such an unregulated market.


Creating wealth doesn't have to be physical creation. Trades can create wealth, but they don't have to, and just because profit was made doesn't mean wealth was. If a man with 100 pick axe handles and a man with 100 pick axe heads trade 50 handles for 50 heads, they both end up with more wealth than they started despite not creating any new pick axe parts because 50 full pick axes are significantly more useful than either 100 handles or 100 heads. 
If a man buys a vacant spot of Land in Manhattan in 1920 for $1000 and does nothing with it for 50 years and then sells it for $100,000,000, he hasn't created any wealth, despite making a huge profit. The land would have already been there had he bought it or not, and in fact buying the land and doing nothing with it for 70 years ensured that no one else used the land to generate wealth which means his profit came at the expense of wealth generating potential.  
You can rent seek on induced artificial scarcity with enough money in almost anything as long as there's some level of supply and demand inelasticity. If you buy up all the water wells in a desert you can easily jack up the price and extract a lot more rents without creating any wealth because demand for water in a desert is incredibly inelastic and supply is very inelastic in a desert. You can't just dig a hole and create a reservoir like you can in a temperate climate. 
Try buying up all the air in the world and see how well you can profit selling it to people who want to breathe. Demand for breathing air is almost perfectly inelastic, but its impossible to rent seek on it because unlike land its impossible to buy up the rights to air in a particular region and force people to pay you for the privilege of using it.
@_date: 2019-02-13 15:14:37


They're different classes of asset yes. Precious metal, cryptocurrency and investment fund. If you want Bitcoin to be traded more on traditional financial markets then I'm assuming you wouldn't say "that doesn't count because ETFs are a different class".


might be a long wait. also kind of defies the whole "not your keys, not your coin" decentralized trustless peer to peer mythos. at which point you're just betting on rare numbers. 
@_date: 2019-02-13 21:28:00
Do people realize the population of the earth increases by 200,000 every day?
Even if Bitcoin was perfectly distributed between all wallets it would still involve less than 0.01% of the population owning 100% of the currency that some people claim will become the dominant global currency for the next 100 years.
@_date: 2019-02-11 22:06:57
How about acceptance by top 500 US merchants. Hows that one doing?
And hows search traffic on major search engines going, given people need to search for bitcoin before they can find it and use it.
@_date: 2019-02-10 22:48:51


This is not how central banks do inflation targeting. If banks want to decrease the amount of money in circulation they simply have to raise interest rates, which significantly reduces the amount of available credit. Most money in the economy exists as bank credit and you can much more easily increase or decrease the available amount of credit than you can destroy billions of dollars. they don't have to destroy any money, they simply make less available. Debt deflation and deflationary spirals are a much bigger risk during a financial crisis. 
Even in the 2008 financial crash, when trillions was wiped off the global economy practically overnight and demand plummeted no developed nation suffered significant inflation, despite widespread use of QE. In fact in most developed nations in 2008, inflation rates got close to 0, and below 0 in many cases which is why QE was required to prevent a deflationary spiral (although corruptly allocated to many of the failed institutions responsible for the financial crash rather than equally distributed to the people who consent to print money is derived). It's also why QE never resulted in the hyper-inflation that the typical goldbug/deflationist types were predicting, even on top of record low interest rates.
If you're not just looking to justify your current beliefs, the fact that there was deflation after the financial crash, rather than inflation, should give you pause to reconsider your monetary theory that predicts hyper-inflation would happen in such a case because banks couldn't afford to destroy money. testing your ideas against reality is key. crafting a theory that works on paper is easy.
@_date: 2019-06-09 19:43:18
M-Pesa was founded in 2007, only 2 years before Bitcoin launched, and within 10 years of launching half the population of Kenya uses it for mobile banking, despite strong opposition from the traditional banking institutions. That's what "banking the unbanked" looks like. Do you think the average Kenyan knows anything about phone network architecture?
How many Kenyans started using Bitcoin in the same time period? Are we saying people who are smart enough to adopt mobile banking are too dumb to use bitcoin? 
The average person has no idea how a microprocessor, internal combustion engine or refrigerator works. All they know is that it does work and that's all they need to know.
@_date: 2017-11-13 22:49:15
Currencies are for spending, not investing in.
A currency that makes a "good investment" is by definition a bad currency because it means its a currency that creates an incentive not to spend. Money needs high velocity to be useful.
Investing in money makes no sense because money is only valuable because it allows you to trade other things of value. Investing is what you do with money. Buying mining rigs, setting up an exchange etc, that's actually investing in bitcoin.
Course I keep forgetting its not a currency now, but a "store of value". Except its value was meant to come from being a currency, now its value is meant to come from it being valuable.
@_date: 2019-08-23 09:45:45
This is an argument from authority, its not a real argument.
You could make exactly the same claim about Theranos, which Tim Draper also invested in and supported which was a multi-billion dollar fraud, or the Microsoft Zune, which a bunch of people smarter than me worked on and one of the worlds biggest companies invested hundreds of millions of dollars in and was still a complete failure.
If "rich people spent money on it so it must be good" is your best argument to every point I raised then you don't have an argument.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:12:41
I mean its the same as the previously quoted number $188,900.
Is this really going to lead to any resolution because it seems like we're just getting further away from actually discussing marginal utility?
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:07:47
In 1950 the nominal median house price was $7,354. The nominal price now is the same.
I'm not sure how that helps any, that makes the price difference even worse.
Is the answer to this actually going to change anything you think about marginal utility? because this seems like a big tangent to make from the original argument about marginal utility of debt.
It feels like we're just discussing specific details without getting any closer to discussing whether debt has marginal utility.
If you're only trying to get to the bottom of this to address some other point lets just directly address it.
We can take something less contentious example if you want, like a hot dog stand or a car. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:23:23


Why is the time after the greatest increase in value the time to buy in?
If you want to try and get rich quick as a speculator, the last thing you want to do is buy into something that everyone is already trying to speculate on.
@_date: 2019-08-22 21:21:31
Even perfectly efficient money with instant transfer speeds, 0 transaction cost and perfectly stable purchasing power would not make that much difference.
Money is already far closer to being completely instant, cheap and stable than such a large increase would need.
@_date: 2019-06-08 14:32:49
Amazon don't accept bitcoin.
Moon is a chrome extension that sells your bitcoin for USD and then transfers USD over the Visa and Mastercard networks. It's no different than just selling Bitcoin yourself and paying with USD except you're using a middleman to do it.
@_date: 2019-06-01 11:46:43


If they said its 0.12 Bitcoin an ounce, how would you know if that's a fair price without looking at how much 0.12 Bitcoin is in dollars and then looking up what the spot price of gold is in dollars?
The only way there would be any point in that is if people were willing to value Bitcoin for itself and not what its worth in dollars (or equivalent fiat), which no one does. 
The value is so volatile it only works as a proxy for fiat. If you set fixed prices in Bitcoin you'd get absolutely fucked unless you were constantly adjusting them to the dollar exchange rate, which is no different than pricing in dollars except you're making your customers do the work of checking the exchange rate instead of just showing them in dollars.
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:21:02


Apparently to a fraction of the degree that I, a complete stranger with no experience in programming could do.
So either they're incompetent or you're wrong, either way why would I waste my time testing their product for them?
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:16:48
The original point was borrowing money to buy something useful now and then paying off the debt using the utility that thing now gives you provides greater marginal utility than saving until you have enough money to buy outright.
It's since gone into a tangent of a tangent which is why I'm trying to get it back to the original point, or at least establish whether this tangent has anything to do with the original point.
Switching the example to a hot dog stand or a taxi cab avoids all the issues with land and housing which is a whole other issue that's opening up way too many side issues to actually go anywhere.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:34:33


I don't own any cryptocurrencies, because I don't have any use for them. 
I find it interesting that you think someone would only be interested in talking about the problems with a cryptocurrency is if they owned a different currency and wanted people to use that one instead.
That kind of petty and self-interested infighting is one of the many reasons I'm not excited about cryptocurrency. Everyone pretends its this noble revolution in currency but what people really care about is trying to get rich quick and turn $1,000 into $100,000, without thinking about where all that value is meant to come from.
That's why 8/10 posts on this sub are "STRAIGHT TO THE MOON!!11!1 100k HERE WE COME!! ALL MY FAMILY ARE JEALOUS THEY NEVER LISTENED TO ME",  1/10 are shitting on other coins/forks and 1/10 are actually relevant news and technical/economic discussion.


Gold is a great example of why deflationary currencies don't work as soon as you have institutions available that can provide stable inflationary currencies. No one wants to spend a currency that's continually appreciating when they have access to a currency that continually depreciates.
As for Lightning Network and other 2nd layer solutions, I'll believe their claims that they can fix all the problems of bitcoin without any drawbacks when they've done it. If it was that easy we wouldn't still be waiting for it to happen, and if its that difficult then there's no reason anyone should be so confident that it will actually work at scale when bitcoin was already intended to scale.
Bitcoin was never intended to need a 2nd layer to solution. It's only very recently that people have started talking about how obvious it is that bitcoin needs a 2nd layer solution and that bitcoin was never intended to be a currency after all, and would be just used for settling 2nd layer payments.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:03:55
Unless they have billions of dollars to play with how could they ever get a realistic number of test subjects to actually test at scale?
I don't doubt it works under test conditions. Unless the test conditions have a ridiculous level of external validity, then all it proves is that they wrote software that can pass their own test, not that it can actually scale to handle transactions from millions of people all over the world.
It would be financially ruinous for them to run a realistic test of even 1% of theoretical scale. 
Again, no one was saying anything about the need for 2nd layer solutions until very recently. I have the same confidence in the people claiming that 2nd layer solutions are going to scale perfectly as I did in the people who said bitcoin was going to scale perfectly.
@_date: 2019-08-04 18:50:10


@_date: 2019-06-05 22:58:18


Making a movie creates a product that didn't exist before. Making a movie doesn't come at the expense of someone else having less movie, it adds to the total amount of movies in the world, it adds to the cultural capital of the world. It's not zero sum.
Rent-seeking is zero sum by definition. 


Price going down from increasing supply isn't the same thing as destroying wealth or rent-seeking. If you increase the supply of anything it will reduce price all else being equal. This is a good thing, greater supply means greater wealth, more abundance, less scarcity, less scarcity means lower price meaning the good is available to more people.
DVD players used to cost thousands of dollars, now you can get one for $10, that doesn't mean DVD players have become worse, they're simply not as expensive to make.
@_date: 2017-11-15 22:50:03


If it takes 8 hours and $5 in transaction fees to buy a $5 cup of coffee, its not a brilliant currency. It's not even in the top 100 best currencies.
People don't want it to be a currency. It's a "store of value" now.


This is the opposite of what is happening. Bitcoin has scaled very poorly and is now much slower, more expensive and less efficient than it was even a year ago.
@_date: 2017-11-13 21:26:45


How does just holding currency support it?
Buying lots of dollars and then doing nothing with them doesn't support dollars.
Velocity is what helps a currency be accepted.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:05:52


So the world would be better if water was more expensive so people could make money from selling water?
We don't benefit from things being expensive or scarce. We want every good to be as available as possible. Ideally everything would be infinitely available, but so long as energy and matter are limited that's not going to happen. It doesn't mean we can't use technology to produce as many goods as possible with the energy and matter we have available.
The example of a farmer who can't make as much money from cheap crops is not an example of harm from over supply, that just means other farmers are doing a better job of growing that crop and he should start growing something else there is greater demand for. If it costs a farmer $5 to make a ton of corn, and he can only sell it for $4 a ton, that means there's some farmers out there who can make it for less than $4 a ton, so that farmer is wasting resources trying to grow corn and should grow something else (ignoring the negative impact government subsidies can have).
We want food to be as cheap as possible. If food cost $0, it wouldn't matter that no one could make money from selling it, because it would be free, and everyone who previously had to work making food could go do something else.
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:21:27
sorry I only take financial advice in meme form
@_date: 2017-11-08 13:24:28




These two comments directly contradict each other.
Either you think bitcoin can keep seeing the returns higher than any other investment, or you don't.
In fact in a previous post you said you expect it to do 5-10% long term. Which means the S&amp;P just does as well, as bitcoin, except its done that well for the last 90 years.
The difference the S&amp;P is heavily diversified across 500 of the largest companies. The chances of all of those companies crashing at once is a lot lower than bitcoin crashing.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:31:54


That's a signal from the market that we already have enough grains and that there's more demand for other crops. Once people have enough grain they start desiring more exotic luxury items.
If we were running low on grains then the price of grains would go up and more farmers would switch to growing grains.
I really don't see where the harm from too much supply is meant to be in this instance.
Excepting in cases of market interference (e.g. the government set a maximum price, or is subsidizing one crop too much), then low price is an indicator of abundance. Abundant food is not a problem.
The cheaper food is the more money people have available for other things, the easier it is for poor people to buy food.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:01:11
There's only 16 million in the world, and only 21 million theoretically possible and the rate of supply is constantly decreasing.
How many dollars do you think there are in the world? If there were only 16 million dollars in the world what do you think the dollar would be worth?
@_date: 2019-10-12 16:21:45
You must be very confused when ice ages happen if you think climate is simply the result of repeating the same pattern every year.
You can't even predict the season length by temperature alone, let alone the climate, its the result of many different factors, including axial tilt, orbit eccentricity, Apsidal precession, oribital inclination.
Temperature is the result of these (and other) factors, not the cause. You can't reverse engineer temperature to work out what the axial tilt or orbit eccentricity is.
If you tried to predict future seasons based on temperature alone you would completely fail without taking detailed measurements of the factors that actually create seasonal weather changes.
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:50:58


A handful of mining groups own the vast majority of bitcoin hashing power, which means they have the vast majority of votes. The way bitcoins are randomly distributed encourages miners to form conglomerates.
A single group has had over 40% of hashing power at one point.
How is bitcoin mining "uncontrollable" anymore than gold mining is? There are gold mines in every moderately sized country on earth.


Money is only a medium of exchange. By definition if you aren't trading money you aren't doing anything useful with it. The only way you could hope to make money by just holding onto money is to hope that other people generate wealth which pushes up the demand for currency.
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:27:12
If you're buying stuff off amazon why would you care whether its anonymous or not? They've got your address regardless if you're paying by giftcard or not.
@_date: 2017-11-03 16:40:10
Dollars depreciate in value, bitcoins appreciate.
Buying bitcoins with dollars and then spending bitcoins makes no sense when you could just spend dollars directly and keep hold of your bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-11-15 22:48:09
The number of people who want bitcoin to be a currency are vastly outnumbered by the people who want to speculate on it.
People want it to constantly increase in value, miners included, they don't care if it ever becomes a usable currency.
All the economic incentives were geared to make early adopters rich. There's no incentive to make it a good currency. As soon as the price/output of coins slows down enough miners will jump ship to another coin.
@_date: 2019-02-12 22:37:09
They're one of the most stable stores of value in the world. Almost no asset or asset class has beat out index funds over the last 50 years.
Can you discount stores of value you don't like because they conflict with the "every store of value is volatile in the beginning" theory?
Theory should be bent to suit facts, not facts bent to suit theory.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:29:15
You do realize bitcoin doubling in price is not the same thing as the dollar halving in value right?
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:04:39


There is no evidence bitcoin is seeing any use as a currency inside Zimbabwe. There are people buying bitcoin in exchanges as a way of keeping their wealth safe and get money out of the country but that is not the same thing. It's no different than people buying up gold in times of uncertainty.
Some Zimbabwean merchant is not waiting 6 hours and spending $10 in transaction fees to buy $2 of plantains at the market
US dollars are the most popular currency in Zimbabwe now.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:43:58


Why would lots of people buying into bitcoin to speculate on it somehow reduce volatility?
It doesn't matter how high the price of an asset goes, it will not suddenly become a useful currency.
The % of people using bitcoin as a currency has been going down over time, not up. That is precisely because of the increasing level of speculation.
In order to be useful currencies need to be stable, with high velocity and widely accepted. Speculation doesn't help any of those, it actively harms it by increasing volatility.
@_date: 2019-06-04 22:45:57


If someone enjoys burning their house down does that mean they haven't destroyed any wealth, but transformed into an equal value of utility by the enjoyment of watching their possessions burn?
Using such a intangible definition of wealth renders most economics pointless. You could say a con-man convincing an old woman to give up her life saving is in fact generating wealth by the pleasure of his company. You could stretch it to saying nuclear genocide is wealth creation because what people value most is the elimination of pain and suffering and instantly vaporizing billions of people accomplishes that better than giving everyone a mansion and a tesla, where millions would still be depressed and get sick and suffer.
There is a crucial difference between a world where everyone plays poker for a living and everyone starves to death because no one has grown any food for those chips to be traded for, and a world where everyone grows food for a living and everyone gets richer in food. One behavior is parasitic the other is productive. One is wealth generation one is merely moving existing wealth around, and you can't move existing wealth around unless someone has created it first.
What term you want to use to describe that is up to you but most economists refer to it as rent-seeking.


Neither expected profit or relative skill level of players changes whether poker is a game where you can leave a game with any more wealth than was put into it.
If you don't want to call that rent-seeking, fine, come up with a better term than rent-seeking and get it to be more commonly used than rent-seeking and I'll start using it instead.
@_date: 2018-06-27 16:01:41




Didn't we go over this with the Facebook analogy?
Everyone abandoning a piece of software and moving to another version based on the same code is not the same as "no one can change the supply limit of bitcoin". 
If they can change the code to remove 180 billion bitcoins they can change it back to add 180 billion bitcoins. They're not likely to do that, but there are other things less damaging to their business that they could try.
All you're saying is that you hope that if they did change something about the protocol to their own benefit at others expense then it would be unpopular enough to make another project competitive.
Otherwise you're not likely to start your own bitcoin competitor anymore than you're going to start your own facebook competitor if they make a change you don't like.
Outside of a black and white position between changes that will completely kill the project and changes that have 100% "social consensus", the gray reality is there will be lots of changes they could make that wouldn't be enough to drive off any significant amount of users but will benefit themselves at the expense of others.
Facebook could charge $10 a day for their service and it would kill their business, but that doesn't stop them from running adds 1% more frequently and making millions more in profit.
And it also destroys the idea that there is anything uniquely valuable/irreplaceable to bitcoin if an exact copy can function just as well. all the arguments about "its got the highest hash rate, its got the most infrastructure, its got the best developers, its got the longest track record" seem to disappear.
@_date: 2017-11-06 14:51:11
How could the supply of Bitcoin be adjusted better than a central bank can adjust the amount of fiat currency?
If a government wants to increase the money supply they can print as much money as they want, and if they want to decrease it they can start pulling money (and debt) out of circulation.
Banks could half the amount of money in supply over night if they wanted to, thanks to fractional reserve.
It's impossible to do that with Bitcoin. You would either have to stop mining completely (which would crash the price because it requires mining to operate), or else mine all the coins and then wait for people to slowly lose half the coins in supply.


That's the opposite of what you would want to happen.
Money is simply a token of wealth. Each unit of money represents a tiny portion of all the wealth in the world. The more wealth you have the more money you need to represent it.
If the amount of wealth increases without a corresponding increase in the supply of money then the value of money will increase, and vice versa.
Trillions of dollars of wealth flooding the economy would cause a massive surge in the value of the dollar unless there was a corresponding increase in supply of currency.
Bitcoiners seem to have a very naive perspective that if money being worth more is somehow inherently better. The amount of money in the world does not change the amount of wealth in the world, it just changes what portion is represented by each token.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:09:58


$10 transaction fees and 6 hour transaction times? Hardly being accepted anywhere?
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:37:55
How are people upvoting someone who claims that bitcoins will be several times more than all the wealth on earth combined in 8-12 years?
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:27:44
Visa can process 24,000 transactions a second, with an average response time of 140 milliseconds.
Are you saying this tech is currently processing 2,400 transactions per second?
If that's true then congrats I don't need to look at the test to agree with you that this is phenomenal tech.
If its not (which I already know its not), then you can agree that it doesn't matter how the test is constructed because its not processing enough transactions to be a true test of scale.
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:37:38
The best time to invest in a speculative bubble is when people who know nothing about it want to throw their money at it.
STRAIGHT TO THE MOON
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:30:51
Try paying your taxes in bitcoin and see how much prison feels like nothing.
@_date: 2017-11-16 21:59:51
Will it make a difference to anything whether you agree with me or not?
Lets go by nationwide averages then.
In 1950 the median house price in the US was $44,600, adjusted for inflation. In 2000 it was $119,600. Now its $188,900.
People aren't getting paid 4x what they were in 1950 adjusted for inflation. Construction does not cost 4x what it did.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:10:34


Specifically, don't most deflationists complain that fiat currency is bad because inflation erodes purchasing power?
That's the opposite of a bubble.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:47:16


I'm saying no investment reliably does 50% in 3 months is my point. It's luck of being on the right side of volatility.
A hedge fund that does 10% a year is doing twice as well as the average hedge fund.
The S&amp;P 500 did an average of 9.8% a year for the last 90 years and that's better than almost any other investment.
If you think 50% in 3 months is a realistically achievable figure you should be running a hedge fund. Else its luck of buying in at the right time.
You can do 100% in 10 seconds at a roulette wheel in a casino but its impossible to reliably do it, just like its impossible to reliably predict the market.


Jewelry is the reason. Platinum is several times rarer than gold but there's little demand for platinum jewelry, so platinum is cheaper.
The idea gold was arbitrarily chosen as valuable is a myth. It's been one of the most in demand decorative metals for thousands of years. 
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:36:34
It's also a chance for people to switch to a more stable and usable cryptocoin.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:25:33


No it doesn't.
If you have an economy with 100 bricks of gold and 100 bricks of copper there's a difference between doubling the number of copper bricks and destroying half the gold bricks, even if the relative difference is the same.
There is underlying wealth behind money. It actually makes a difference to how the economy would work depending on whether one thing has doubled in value or everything else has halved.
@_date: 2019-06-04 13:49:59
A great percentage of the economy is dedicated to the economy but by no means all. A great many are still engaged in productive activity like growing food, cooking and providing food in the service industry, making and distributing goods etc.
A good test is to ask yourself "if everyone else just did this, would anyone be better off?"
If you're growing potatoes for a living and everyone else is also growing potatoes then everyone still has more potatoes than they started withs.
If you're playing poker for a living and everyone else in the world is also playing poker then you have nothing because poker is only useful for moving other peoples money into your pocket, and money without and goods and services to represent is worthless.
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:04:27


That's how digital currency already works.
Except it doesn't take 30 minutes and $5 to make a payment.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:53:37
Even if we say that 10 users with a million wallets each is a realistic test (which its not), is there any evidence they can handle transactions between that many wallets?
It really shouldn't be controversial to say that its exponentially more difficult to do routing on a larger decentralized network than on a small one, and that a small proof of concept demo is not the same thing as showing tech can work at scale.
Bitcoin worked much better and faster when there were fewer people trying to make transactions. The predictions Satoshi made about how it would scale turned out to be wrong.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:16:53
A lot of people did cash out when it hit 1000 for the first time. The first time it hit 1000 it took 3 years for it to get to 1000 again, and it fell to $220 during that time.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:41:05
That is just a more complicated way of saying "bitcoin is valuable because lots of people agree its valuable", which is the circular logic that fuels all speculative bubbles.
Speculation can drive the price of any asset up. "buy this thing because its going up in value and you'll get rich quick". people buy the thing, which increases the value, which provides yet more proof this thing is a thing that increases in value, and even more people buy in.
the problem that always happens is when people are only buying something because it goes up in value, eventually you reach a point where the price is so high that amount of money flooding in can no longer keep increasing the price. Once the price stops increasing, the people who all only bought it because it was increasing in value start selling it, which drops the value and then the same cycle of buying-price rises that put the value up starts taking the value doing with selling-price drops.
you need something out of that circular logic to provide sustainable value. which used to be "bitcoin is a revolutionary new currency that allows you to trade without the need for centralized banks", but since everyone is just speculation and not using it as a currency has become "its a store of value!", which doesn't work if its valuable only because of speculation and artificial scarcity.


Again this is circular logic. "bitcoin is worth something because people want to steal it", "why do they want to steal it?", "because its worth something".
A bunch of other coins have had big hacks. I picked dogecoin because its one of the least valuable coins based on the same math.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:24:36


We have hit peak bitcoin mania.
@_date: 2019-02-15 15:00:13






Why would that be their only option? How exactly is issuing bonds in a currency they don't own or control and is currently accepted by less than 0.01% of the worlds population supposed to help them anymore than just issuing a new currency?
That's assuming we go with the hypothetical that the USD, Euro and Yen are all going to collapse in 11 years time despite the Yen being deflationary for much of the last 30 years, and the nations that issue that currency all have huge difference in the amount of debt they have, with Japan having the most by far with the least inflation.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:13:47


Monetary deflation happens due to relative scarcity of the money supply. It doesn't matter if the amount of money goes down and the amount of wealth goes up, or the amount of money stays the same and the amount of wealth goes up.
Overproduction by itself does not cause deflation so long as you're printing enough money to match all the increased produce. You can always cause inflation by printing enough money.
Amount of wealth / Amount of money = the rough value of each unit of money.
Course there are a lot of edge cases but in the general case money obeys the same rules of supply and demand as everything else. If for a given demand you reduce the supply then the price goes up (deflation), if the demand stays the same and the supply goes up then the price goes down (inflation).
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:33:35
How is too much valuable stuff a problem?
The only reason "overproduction" can hurt is because when you make too much wealth without increasing the money supply, then the relative value of money starts going up which discourages people from spending it which can cause a deflationary spiral that ends up collapsing the economy like it did in the great depression.
Which is why its not really and over-production of wealth its an under-production of money.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:46:55
What if another cryptocoin starts to look like a better investment and demand for bitcoin stagnates? Why wouldn't people just switch to the new up and coming coin.
There is nothing unique about bitcoin compared to any other cryptocoin. It's only advantage was being first to market. In the tech industry there are very few that were first to market that ended up as the market leader.
Myspace lost out to Facebook, Yahoo lost out to Google.
There's no reason to think Bitcoin cannot be replaced by another coin. Volatility in the market caused by rampant speculation makes this more likely to happen.
@_date: 2017-11-16 13:13:23
All fiat currency is an "iou". It doesn't actually represent anything other than a promise from the government and an informal agreement that people will agree to swap it for things of equal value. 
A piece of paper that says "$10" is no more or less ten dollars than a computer record that says "this is $10", as long as the government agrees both are legal tender.
You can live you entire life paying entirely in digital cash. It's not an iou for cash, it is cash.


Except those who own all the hashing power own the power to change the currency however they like, and if a group gets 51% of the hashing power they can start cheating the system.
Bitcoin mining is heavily centralized. you have no more power over a mining conglomerate than a central bank, except central banks have laws to stop banks from just stealing your money.
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:52:48


I did quote you in the reply I actually made to you.
you said that bitcoin will allow you to save money for a house, and I pointed out that the marginal utility of saving money for a house is much lower than the marginal utility of borrowing money for a house.
You haven't presented any counter-argument to that point so I assume you don't have one.
This is a separate chain that got started by someone else, who I replied to.
You then responded to that post (which wasn't addressed to you) by saying my argument is just one big reductio ad absurdum even though that doesn't mean anything on its own since many reductio ad absurdums are valid mathematical proofs.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:14:33


They're backed by the power of the government to enforce taxes. So long as the government can both tax trade and demand taxes are paid in a currency then the currency will have value by definition because value is what is being taxed.


There's a massive difference between a currency you can optionally use and a currency you're legally mandated to use. There's massive economic relevance because government can operate a monopoly on legally mandated money.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:55:06
If its so easy why aren't they running those kind of numbers on their test nets?
why would they just wait for random people like me to test their system for them?
@_date: 2018-06-17 20:00:55


It is different when USD and YEN have independent purchasing power.
The exchange rate between USD and YEN isn't calculated just by working out how many Euros both USD and YEN are worth, its based on independent supply and demand for each currency.
Even if YEN goes up against the EUR it can go down against USD


This sounds like they're just being priced in USD and any discrepancy in price is due to slight variation and latency in pricing. 
Ask yourself how you would work out how many ETH is worth a BTC at any particular moment without using another currency as a unit of account?
@_date: 2018-06-25 20:34:17
If you don't care about price what are you hodling for?
1 BTC = 1 BTC
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:35:12
Bitcoin won't stop the government charging taxes in their own currency, especially not whilst all bitcoin is at the moment is a speculative asset.
Even if bitcoin was just as good as government money then it would struggle to overcome the inertia and the incumbent benefits and monopoly status of government money. The fact that its far worse than government money as a currency makes it incredibly unrealistic for it to ever threaten government money as the number one currency in the world.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:04:41
Why would a currency hardwired for deflation ever "settle"?
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:57:20
How many of those are for anything other than other forms of currency?
@_date: 2017-11-01 12:14:21
Gold is in a speculative bubble for sure, but that floor will stop gold bugs being completely bankrupted.
Bitcoin has no such floor. It's value comes from speculation and that mainly comes from its position as market leader.
The fact that bitcoin has no proprietary tech or force of law defending its position makes it incredibly vulnerable to substitution.
Yahoo and Netscape Navigator had much less competition than Bitcoin, and didn't share their technology openly, and they still lost their place. 
@_date: 2019-06-06 19:31:02
Creating wealth doesn't just mean production, it's quite possible for distribution to create wealth, by more efficiently allocating existing resources and utilizing comparative advantage. 
In your hypothetical, in order for it to be zero sum, someone in that transaction of farmer-&gt;distributor-&gt;consumer would have to be worse off to the degree that someone else gained. Who is worse off and why?
It's quite possible for everyone to gain in that situation. The farmer can gain a new customer through a new distributor, allowing him to make more money and invest in more food production, the distributor gains a new buyer and a new seller allowing him to make more money to invest in better logistics, the consumer gains a new supply of food which increases competition in their area and makes food more affordable and more varied. If the goal is to make food cheaper and more available this is all to the good. Both the farmer and distributor increase their economies of scale and can make more profit while making food cheaper, the consumer now has to spend less money on food to stay alive and can spend more on other goods and services.
However, under certain market conditions its possible for a trade as vague as "buying food to sell to hungry people" to be rent seeking. For example, if the distributor has so much [market power]( that farmers and consumers have no other way of buying or selling food, the distributor can now start raising consumer prices and lowering prices paid to farmers, extracting more wealth without providing any greater wealth to the system. They are only richer to the extent the farmer and consumer are now poorer.
However, given food can be grown in literal shit almost anywhere on the planet, and anyone with a bicycle can start a logistics company, it is very difficult to significantly rent-seek on food to any great extent for any great amount of time, outside of very niche areas where supply is unusually constrained like a city under siege. unlike with other resources like diamonds where supply is sufficiently restricted that its possible to corner the market and extract rents on near monopoly control of diamond production/distribution.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:22:14


Amen brother.
My family said the same shit to me when I told them I was going to max out my credit cards to buy lottery tickets.
I told them "You're just jealous, you need to nut up or shut up. It's not my fault you losers don't have the courage to attempt greatness. I have the heart of a champion and I will not be infected with your negativity. You might mock me now but you'll all be begging for my help once I make it big"
It doesn't matter that I lost all my money and had to move back in with my parents, what matters is I tried to DO something with my life instead of just working a regular job providing goods and services to people in exchange for a weekly salary.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:13:50




This sounds a lot like "just buy bitcoin and worry about it later, it must be worth something".
Speculative bubbles aren't a new evolution, they're hundreds of years old.
Currency gain adoption through people using them as currency, not people hoarding them. Currencies like gold fell out of favor precisely because people just hoarded them and stopped using them as currency so they ceased to be currency and just became an asset.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:42:51
What do you think bitcoin offers that is worth fees and wait times of that magnitude.
If you're just going to say "all those problems will be solved in future" then you're not talking about what bitcoin is offering, just a hypothetical that may never be realized.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:15:10
You're not buying bitcoin to use as money though are you?
You're buying because you think its going to make you rich. 
No one buys dollars or euros or any other functional currency to get rich quick because currencies need to have a stable value to actually be useful.
No one wants to spend a currency that indefinitely increases in value, especially have access to other currencies that don't increase in value. If you have $1,000 in dollars and $1,000 in bitcoin, why would you spend bitcoins when they'll be worth more next year, but dollars will be worth less?
People buying up bitcoin and not using it as a currency are just making it less viable as a currency. As long as people keep speculating on it then the price will be too volatile for people to use it as real currency for everyday purchases.
In order for bitcoin to become a mainstream currency people have to regularly use it to buy and sell goods and services. All the people buying up bitcoin and "hodl"ing them are just taking more and more currency out of circulation. Which works great for inflating a speculative bubble but is the opposite of what you want if you want to be able to use it as a currency.
@_date: 2017-11-15 23:54:00
Digital cash is still cash, assuming we're just using cash as another word for "fiat currency".
Most of the dollars in the world don't exist in any physical form, it doesn't make them any less real.
$10 in paper is worth the same as $10 on a computer. You can convert one to the other almost instantly by going to a bank/ATM.
If someone thousands of miles away sends me cash via paypal I can go to an ATM and withdraw it in paper in under 2 hours, if for some reason I was obsessed with the idea of having paper.


So bitcoin isn't a currency its just mining groups shuffling data around?
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:58:14
Legal mandates enforce demand.
Try paying your Bulgarian taxes in bitcoin and let me know how it goes.
Also the idea that all that matters is demand and volume is patently false. More gold is being traded on a daily basis than bitcoin, and the overall demand for gold is far higher. That doesn't mean gold is a better currency.
There is almost no demand for bitcoin as a currency, because its a terrible currency. The vast majority of people are just speculating on bitcoin.
 Try finding any store in Bulgaria that will wait 8 hours for your bitcoin payment to go through in order to sell you something.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:06:41


So you're saying demand for a product because a company has a legal monopoly on that product, and demand for a product because its better than a dozen competitors are exactly the same?


And yet no on uses gold as a currency anymore.
@_date: 2019-06-28 14:59:45
Dollar cost averaging does not affect your probability of winning/losing money it just pisses more of it away on fees.
It's a classic gamblers fallacy to think that you can game chance (say the roulette wheel) by making 10 small bets instead of 1 big bet. The EV is exactly the same, and the difference in variance is irrelevant when you're talking about an asset most people hold for at least a year at a time. Introduce a betting fee and now the EV is worse for spreading out bets because you're losing more for each bet.
Variance only matters for a game like Poker whereby you are at a significant disadvantage if you are short stacked, and winnings are structured so you can win money just by outlasting other players, in which case keeping your variance low can increase your EV. For a game where your stack and survival makes no difference, variance makes no difference except how fast you're going to win/lose your money.
If you value your time at anything its quicker and cheaper just to make one big bet. Course gamblers frequently believe in these sort of betting strategies because they easily confuse higher variance with lower EV since the psychological impact of a big loss is more significant than lots of little losses.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:48:00
If you regret not buying in when the price was lower, as yourself why its somehow a good time to buy in now the price is at an all time high.
regret that you didn't predict the future in the past doesn't mean you can now predict the future.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:05:28
Interestingly, searches for "buy gold" hit an all time high right before gold prices started tanking.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:39:16
Are you referring to this?
They don't show anywhere near the numbers of nodes or transactions you were claiming.
They show exactly what I said there would be, a tiny fraction that proves nothing more than proof of concept.
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:03:15


You can also buy it buy the ton. Just like people also buy and sell gold by the kilo and the bar.
Many different weight systems have been used to measure gold. In the US ounces are common but in the metric world they use kilos and grams.
There is no meaningful correlation between an ounce of gold and 1 bitcoin anymore than there is between an ounce of gold and 1 satoshi. bitcoins don't have any weight. If an ounce of bitcoin was worth more than an ounce of gold that would mean something.
What matters is the relative change in value.
 
You're engaging in meaningless pattern recognition to think there's some special relationship between the two.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:27:05
It's a much more inaccurate way to look at it.
Something doubling in price does not mean the dollar has halved in value.
Do you think the dollar has halved in value in the last year? Does everything you buy in dollars cost twice as much?
@_date: 2017-11-05 21:25:47


If you read the whitepaper there's no mention that bitcoin was meant to become something everyone just hoards and no one spends. 
That's an argument that he didn't properly understand economics, not that he didn't intend it to be a currency.  At best you can argue that he did understand that bitcoin couldn't be a functional currency and lied to people in order to get them to buy into a coin that would make him incredibly rich.


There's a cost to not having a computer. If a business says "well, we're not going to buy computers because they'll be worth half the price in a years time" they have to go a year with no computers.
Even in a recreational setting there is a cost. If you only ever played computer games from 10 years ago you'd never have to pay full price, but the cost is having to wait 10 years to play the newest computer games.
If you have access to two types of currencies there is no cost. If you get paid in dollars then what you spend you put in dollars and what you save you put into appreciating assets. For as long as dollars are inflationary it will never make sense to sit on dollars whilst liquidating other assets to spend as currency.


Gold mines aren't running on a system that says they have to halve the amount of gold they produce every year until they produce nothing. If they did then you would quickly see hyper-deflation.
Gold becoming harder to find is counter balanced by improved mining technology. There is more gold in the oceans than in all the lands on earth.
Scarcity is not the only thing that makes a store of value, otherwise the market cap of Picasso paintings would be far higher than all the gold in the world.


It doesn't hold its value well though. It's gone up 600% in the last 6 months. The dollar is incredibly stable in comparison. Inflation is at a few percent a year.
It's a very naive understanding of economics to think bitcoin just indefinitely increasing in value is a good thing. It's literally as simple as "i have bitcoin and if it goes up in value then I'm richer so the more it goes up in value the better it is".
It would be impossible to get a mortgage or even a car lease with a currency like bitcoin, that's a major roadblock to it ever becoming a mainstream currency. Debt is a fundamental part of the economy, and whatever currency facilitates debt is going to have a huge advantage.


I could make a supply-limited coin tomorrow using exactly the same tech as bitcoin, only 1 ever made in existence, and I guarantee you it wouldn't be worth anything because no one would ever believe it would be worth anything.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:19:34
I can already work out that's not going to be true from first principles, why would I do something we both know is a waste of time just because you don't want to concede that its not possible to create a realistic test?
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:42:08


Day to day currency is not held long enough for this to discourage anyone from accepting dollars. 
Most people spend their entire paycheck the month they get it. There is no noticeable depreciation in value from one month to the next. Anything that they don't spend can be put into an investment fund.
What it does discourage is people thinking that holding onto dollars and doing nothing with them is somehow going to make them rich. Currency has no use unless its facilitating trade. 
If you want to make money from dollars you have to invest them in something that makes money. You can't just hold them and hope other peoples work makes you rich.


If a merchant wants a deflationary asset they can just buy it with fiat. There's no reason to give a discount because trading happens day to day and the difference from one day to the other is not significant. Amortized cost of chargebacks does not anywhere near approach the increased transaction fees. 
There's nothing stopping people from simply saving deflationary assets and spending inflationary currency. If someone has gold and dollars they spend the dollars and keep the gold, which is what killed off gold as a currency. Gold didn't stop going up in value. "people will accept bitcoin because it goes up in value" is not what makes a currency.


What makes a good speculative asset is mutually exclusive with what makes a good currency.
By definition a speculative asset is something you want to hold over a long period of time as it increases in value. Currency is something you need to spend day to day. You can't simultaneously incentivize two diametrically opposed activities (spending and saving).


They act in their own interests. Governments want to be rich. If having gold based currency actually made people richer than the alternative, why would they be against it? They have the power to tax, so they could just tax the extra wealth generated. Why would they care where it came from if it made them richer overall?
It requires a very convoluted explanation of how every nation on earth somehow conspired against its own interests and deliberately made itself poorer because of some ideological opposition to the gold standard.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:23:26


Most of the demand for gold comes from jewelry. If people stopped giving a fuck about wearing gold there'd be a massive drop in the price of gold.
Gold became a store of value because its relatively dense, it doesn't rust, its soft and easy to work into jewelry and strike into coins, you can beat it into leaf, its easy to make into alloys if you need to make it harder, its chemistry means its was easy to find in relatively pure chunks which minimized the need for advanced mining or ore processing. It's rare enough to be hard to find but common enough to establish markets for it everywhere. It's hard to fake and relatively easy to test purity.
few of those apply to other metals and none applied to all at the same time for most of human history.
It was never "people arbitrarily decided gold was more valuable than all other metals". It never began as a speculative asset. People started speculating on it later, and after the last crash in speculation it has returned to a more reasonable and stable price. There is no magic to golds value.
95%+ of the demand from bitcoin comes from speculation. It's incredibly unbalanced compared to gold. When the vast majority of people own something only because it keeps increasing in value it will inevitably crash in value at some point when one of thousands of possible factors cause it to stop increasing in value.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:46:23


Because they don't half in 2 days or quintuple in 6 months.
If the cost of your mortgage quintupled in 6 months, you'd notice. If your paycheck became worth half its normal value in 2 days, you'd notice.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:13:40
I mean, I'm not sure how relevant that is to what I'm talking about.
Bitcoin is failing to scale in terms of transaction capacity and speed, but since most peoples interest is in bitcoin as an asset not a currency that doesn't have much effect on its price. The functionality of Bitcoin has decreased at the same time as its price has been soaring. The price is not based on how useful it is as a currency but how profitable it is as a speculative asset.
The fact bitcoin is hard to spend actually helps its status as a speculative asset. The fewer people are spending bitcoin, the lower the supply of bitcoins in circulation and the greater the demand for the bitcoins that people are trying to sell, so the higher the price.
@_date: 2019-02-11 15:38:39


That's only the case in nations that allowed the underlying structural problems in the housing market to continue. [There is no bubble in the German housing market despite them having pretty much exactly the same monetary policy as every other Eurozone nation]( In Germany they effectively never had a speculative bubble and their financial institutions only got hurt by collateral damage due to the fact that so many other nations they were trading with had speculative bubbles crash all at the same time.
Most Germans are renters, not homeowners, therefore their voters support policies that lead to sustainable housing costs/rents rather than policies that are designed to try and enrich property owners at the expense of renters (i.e. allowing unsustainably cheap mortgages and speculative bubbles that drive up property values).


That's a problem of unsustainable speculation in the housing market (and related securities), its not a problem of monetary policy. Inflation has been kept at 0-4% in nearly every developed nation since the financial crisis, its a triumph of the inflation targeting methods pioneered by Milton Friedman and the chicago school. Never before has a global economic crash been followed by such stability in the value of money in so many affected countries. Nearly every other global crash has involved either hyper-inflation with governments trying to print their way out of trouble or catastrophic deflationary spirals such as in the Great Depression.
There's a reason the economic crash primarily hit mortgages and credit default swaps because those were the only major parts of the economy based on an unsustainable speculative bubble. Nearly every other industry only got hurt by collateral damage. 
No monetary policy can fix a broken housing/finance system, and allowing a deflationary spiral to happen certainly wouldn't have helped anything, in fact it would have exacerbated the very problem you say you care about which is people with debt being fucked over.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:15:05


Why is MySpace not worth billions? Because some idiot did create a better alternative. 
Being market leader is not enough to save you. It wasn't enough to save Netscape Navigator, it won't be enough to save Bitcoin.
The only thing that will work is actually being the most useful currency. Bitcoin is almost entirely useless as a currency outside of the black market, and its getting less useful over time as the % of people actually using it as a currency decreases and the % of people speculating on it increases, not to mention problems scaling and increasing transaction fees.
A speculative bubble is the last thing you want in a currency. The idea that it somehow helps adoption is pure bubble thinking. The volatility prevents adoptions and a large enough crash will cripple confidence and leave an opening for a competing coin to become market leader.


I thought it was a currency?
No one talked about "investing" in the euro when it came out, because it was designed to actually be a useful currency, and useful currencies aren't volatile. People just started using it to buy groceries and pay rent. People weren't raving about "price discovery" and saying how everyone needs to buy into euros and how a euro will be worth more than a house in 20 years.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:03:06
It's been 7 years since gold last crashed and it still hasn't recovered its value.
Lots of people were saying gold was never going to go down in value. And gold actually has irreplaceable industrial uses. Bitcoin has no irreplaceable use.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:30:05
So the answer to bitcoins scale problems relies upon a separate system that hasn't been proven to work at scale yet?
If so why is all this money piling in before there's even close to a viable proof of concept that it can work?
Sounds a lot like bubble thinking: "just keep buying bitcoin, I'm sure all the problems will be fixed later, after all it must be worth something if people keep buying it".
@_date: 2017-11-16 14:26:26
great argument
@_date: 2017-11-16 21:08:33


Houses generally depreciate in value over time because they start falling apart and become obsolete.
most property wealth does not come from houses, it comes from land. A small piece of waste ground in Manhattan is worth more than a mansion in Detroit.
There's a finite amount of land on earth, and an even smaller amount of land that has legal permission to build a house on it, and an even smaller percentage of that land which is close to rich cities which is where the highest demand for residential space is.


The average annual wage used to be worth more than the average house. Now the average house is worth several times the average wage, even though the average wage has gone up since then. Of course as mentioned its the land that's become more valuable, not the house.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:18:59
Why is creating even more subdivisions better than just adding bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:24:13


The reason its still valuable today is because it was historically valuable. It's now a status symbol because for thousands of years kings and noblemen would use it as jewelry and ornament as it was the most expensive ornamental metal.


It's main value doesn't come from being a store of value it comes because people want it as jewelry. As soon as people stop wanting it as jewelry most of its value will disappear. 
Bitcoins main value doesn't come from being jewelry or a store of value, it comes from speculators.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:09:52
You said it would be worth 100 million. Here's a quote in case you delete:


100m x 21m = 2.1 quadrillion
That is several times all the wealth in the world


not even close, its $217 trillion.
Add in all the other wealth in the world and you still get less than .5 quadrillion dollars.
Would you like to apologize for being so condescending towards me, or maybe just focus on how I hit a 2 instead of a 3. Cuz typos mean you have no self-respect.
@_date: 2019-06-04 11:53:14


That's not the definition of rent seeking. There are many forms of rent seeking of which this is only one type. You can quite easily rent seek without government, though the government can also rent-seek. Here's the actual definition for anyone wondering:


Private entities can quite easily rent seek without the governments help. Ponzi schemes are a classic example of private rent-seeking. The scheme produces no new wealth it simply enriches some in the scheme at the expense of others.
True wealth creation allows both parties in a transaction to become richer. With rent-seeking you can only become richer at the expense of someone else now being poorer, since no new wealth is created the only way you can have more wealth is if someone else now has less.
Companies can absolutely rent seek by manipulating financial markets.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:45:18
(Moderate) inflation is good for a currency because currency isn't doing any good if its not facilitating trade.
People who complain about inflationary currency not holding its value seem to forget that the point of money is meant to be to allow you to trade other things of value.
If you want something that's going to keep its value then you should use money to buy it. You're doing money wrong if it pays better to just keep money in a safe than it does to invest it in something that produces value. 
Because money is a token for wealth its very often confused for wealth itself. So money losing its value is seen as a loss of wealth.
Deflationists imagine a world where everyone just constantly gets richer because money is getting scarcer. But changing the amount of money in the world doesn't change the amount of wealth. and you paradoxically decrease the amount of wealth in the world when you encourage people to just keep hold of money rather than using money to facilitate trades that generate wealth.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:33:27
A payment system where it can take 8 hours and $20 to make a $5 payment? 
How is that worth the current value of bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:41:19
If you are a true believer why are you holding it instead of using it as a currency as it was intended to be?
It's worth nothing if you don't either spend it or sell it for something. The only reason to hold is because you believe it will be worth more in the future.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:42:12


Why would any of them succeed? If its so obvious and easy a solution why has it taken years after bitcoin was invented for anyone to even come up with them, let alone finish development. And if they're not so obvious and easy why such supreme confidence that they can't fail.
I'm not a mathematician or a programmer, so I don't know enough to say whether any proposed solutions will or won't work, but I do know enough to know that any certainty in a solution before you actually have the solution is misplaced, and that there are lots of reasons why people with huge financial interest in bitcoin would like to believe at all costs that bitcoin will work no matter what and that there's no flaw in the underlying tech/concept that will stop it from mainstream adoption.
From what I've seen, the most promising 2nd layer solutions would have to involve a strong degree of centralization, which seems to undermine one of the only selling points of bitcoin.


I've read nothing about them so can't make any meaningful comment. I assume if I look into though that they'll use a significant amount of centralization to actually work. You can do lots of useful things at scale if you can centralize than if you can't.


I'm assuming Bitcoin was also tested for months and the whitepaper made no mention of how it was completely unfeasible for bitcoin to scale to handle even a fraction of the transactions that regular banking handles.
People only started talking about how obvious it was that Bitcoin would need a 2nd layer solution after it became apparent that Bitcoin was not going to be able to scale on its own.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:39:14
That's because Bitcoin are worth twice as much not because dollars are worth half as much.
How is this a difficult concept for people?
If what you're arguing is that bitcoin hasn't gone up in value, its just dollars have gone down in value, then you shouldn't be able to get any more for your bitcoin than you could last year, which is obviously false.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:06:01
Dogecoin math is equally real to Bitcoin math but its not the math anyone is interested in paying  for.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:22:30
Well a lot of people replying to me don't seem to think its a joke, they honestly don't seem to think there's any difference between bitcoin being worth twice as much and the dollar being worth half as much. In fact you're the only reply I've got that isn't trying to seriously argue that its the dollar that has halved in value.
That you have people trolling and taking it seriously in the same thread without either one being bothered by the other says a great deal about the kind of culture bitcoin is fostering.
@_date: 2017-11-06 14:06:46


Was property in Detroit a scam? Were tulips in 17th century Holland a scam?
Hold no matter what is literally not a strategy because "no matter what" means "I will do this regardless of what results it produces". "hold no matter what" is just a feeling from people who are afraid to realize losses and sunk costs.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:32:00
People really don't seem to understand the basics that if people are buying into an asset purely because they expect it to increase in value, then any potential stall or dip in the growth rate can trigger a catastrophic crash.
Bitcoin is far more vulnerable to a crash than assets like housing (which also crashed) because its not a necessity. There will always be some underlying demand for housing so long as people need somewhere to live so it puts a floor on how bad a crash can be.
People will never think housing is absolutely worthless, but with a bad enough crash (especially if another cryptocurrency takes over as market leader), then confidence in bitcoin could erode to absolute 0.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:19:02
In Zimbabwe people use US dollars and other fiat currencies, as well as phone credit and other barter currencies.
No Zimbabwean market trader is waiting 8 hours and paying $10 in transaction fees to sell $2 worth of plantains.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:43:24


Again, like gold, the vast majority of demand comes from jewelry. It's not valuable because its a "store of value", its valuable because people like to wear it.
People don't want substitute diamond or substitute gold jewelry, if they did the price of diamond and gold would both collapse. A cartel to keep diamonds artificially scarce only matters so long as people still want to wear natural diamonds as jewelry instead of artificial diamonds.
Gold and diamond jewelry are both status symbols which means you can't substitute just with something that looks similar.
The demand for bitcoin comes from an entirely different source. 95%+ is from speculators. As soon as bitcoin stops delivering speculative gains that demand will disappear.
@_date: 2017-11-01 13:00:22


Don't think about the individual value of the dollar as a measure for total wealth in the system. the value of the dollar can increase even as the amount of wealth in the economy decreases, which is what happened during the great depression.


There was gradual deflation until there started to be runs on banks, and then there was rapid deflation when banks and debts collapsing snowballed up and took down larger banks and larger debts.
wealth was lost from deflation, not gained, because dollars became so scarce that the economy could no longer function properly. 
 
It's easy to think "if I had 100 dollars, and they become worth more, then that means I have more wealth", but its simply relative demand for the currency, which can be because there's not enough dollars, not because there's too much wealth.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:23:20
Deflationary assets (land, gold, etc) have existed for thousands of years, I'm not sure what you think is so revolutionary about it.
We could still be using gold as a currency if we wanted to but not a single country in the world opted to stay on the gold standard because debt provides high marginal utility.


Why would anyone want to save to buy a house outright when you can borrow money to buy one instead?
The opportunity cost is massive.
Let's say you save $500 a month for 16 years to buy a $100,000 house. Or you could put down a $10,000 deposit, and pay $500 a month for the next 20 years paying off the mortgage.
In that time the house will have increased in value greater than the interest + you get to have a house 16 years earlier + inflation erodes down the value of the debt over time.
Saving money is a terrible idea for most things. Money is simply a medium of exchange, it  provides no value if its not being used. Borrowing money allows people to realize today the value of investments rather than having to save for decades to get the money to build a factory or buy a house, which is why every economically successful country in the last 100 years has used debt to help build its economy.
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:54:50


You can have a frangible inflationary currency and a non-frangible deflationary currency. 
There are inflationary cryptocurrencies in existence right now just as frangible as bitcoin.
you could make a crypto currency that was completely infrangible and also a limit of 1 coin if you wanted.
You can't just ignore this and say frangibility = deflation. Subdividing a currency does not increase supply of that currency. How much you can divide up a currency is completely separate from how much currency you can have.
@_date: 2017-11-05 18:00:44
Roulette wheels also outperform 401ks as long as you pick the right number.
@_date: 2017-11-02 12:48:48
Buying into a speculative bubble based on past performance is a terrible idea.
If you didn't know bitcoin was going to be worth $6,000 5 years ago, you sure as shit don't know what it will be worth 5 years from now.
If speculating was as easy as "look at what's increase a lot in value and buy into that" then everyone would be rich.
This is classic FOMO. "If only I had invested $10,000 back then, I'd be a millionaire by now!".
You're investing money based on an emotion of regret, not on any probabilistic model of how much money you're likely to make compared to other investments.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:17:47
The vast majority of demand for gold comes from jewelry.
The price of gold would half overnight if people decided they no longer wanted to buy gold rings and necklaces.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:05:12


Industrial use is only a small fraction of the demand compared to jewelry which is over 50% of the demand. 


It's not a matter of debate where most demand for gold comes from. Google it.


Why $100,000? Why not 50,000 or 200,000?
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:27:17
If people are buying it based on its current value then its not a bubble, but that isn't what is happening. You only need to look around these threads to see that people are buying based on anticipated value in future.
People aren't buying $10,000 bitcoins to use as currency, they're buying them because they think they'll be worth $20,000 or $100,000 soon.
That's what makes it a bubble, or at least have bubble-like properties, because it means you have lots of people who only bought in because they expected the price to go up. As soon as that expectation is shattered, people will sell, and the vast majority of the market is made up of those people now so almost all of the value can disappear.
When you had the housing bubble, most people still wanted houses. There were some people who were only buying houses as an investment, but still most people wanted them to live in so it set a floor on how bad the bubble could burst.
Bitcoin also has direct competitors, which things like housing doesn't. No matter how bad the price of housing dropped no one was going to abandon housing completely.
If bitcoin has a crash at the same time as some other coin is soaring it could well lose its place as market leader.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:49:36


50% in 3 months is a lottery ticket in investment terms.
There is no such thing as a low-risk high-reward investment.


Most of the demand for gold comes from jewelry. Gold also crashed 6 years ago and hasn't recovered since, which doesn't make it a great store of value, unless you like your stores of value to unpredictably go up and down in value.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:42:29
So you're investing in the hope that at some point someone will make bitcoin into a usable currency?
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:30:32
People aren't adopting on it as a currency, they're investing in it as a speculative asset.
It doesn't matter how many people have bitcoins if all they do with them is buy them in dollars and look forward to selling them for dollars again.
In fact those people actively damage the adoption of actual currency use because no one wants to spend or accept a currency that is so volatile. No one wants to spend a currency that could be worth double next week, and no one wants to accept a currency that might be worth half next week.
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:12:55
1. It's not absolutely anonymous. Blockchains keep a public record of every transaction made by everyone ever. It's pseudonymous. If someone manages to associate you with your an (for example, if you tell someone your address, or some company you bought something off has their data leaked), then they can see what transactions that address has made. Even if you are using multiple addresses there are still ways of analyzing the traffic and linking them together. Cash is much more anonymous and untraceable. If you send someone cash in the mail there's absolutely no way they can find out where it came from. There is no blockchain attached to cash telling you every time that cash changed hands.
2. 100% secure transactions. Except for the 51% attack and the possibility of quantum computing to break the whole thing. And its still only as secure as the computer you're storing it on, which makes it less secure than putting cash in safe since someone can't hack your safe, but they can hack the computer you're using.
3. Decentralized, except it requires centralized telecoms infrastructure to work, and a small group of miners with highly centralized mining rigs process nearly all the transactions and nearly all of the hash power when it comes to vote on the future of the coin. the government can switch off the entire internet if they wanted, or just get the courts to shut off the power to any server farm being used to process bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:00:37
I've seen people claim bitcoin will hit ridiculous numbers like 30 million dollars a coin. Ignoring the fact that that would make bitcoin worth more than all the rest of the wealth in the world combined.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:30:21
The graph we're talking about covers the last year. not the last 7 years or the last 27 years
Do you think the dollar has halved in value in the last year?
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:59:37
8 hours in transaction time and $10 in fees for a $5 purchase is not usable currency.
Scaling is getting worse, not better.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:09:24
People are buying based on expected increases in value, which makes its value dependent on continuing increases in value. 
This creates a liability for price crash that does not exist in other assets that people don't buy with the intention of appreciation. I.e. people don't buy cars because they appreciate, so demand for cars isn't going to plummet just because cars stop increasing in price. Lot's of people usefully refer to this kind of potential as a speculative bubble.
The only reason someone is willing to pay $6000 per bitcoin is because they think it will be worth even more in the near future.
The ratio of speculators to actual users has been getting worse. Daily transactions have seen no overall growth in the last year even though the price has quintupled.
These are all warning signs that there will be a crash in price once growth starts to stall.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:53:14


That would put the market cap of bitcoin at 373 trillion dollars.
All the wealth in the world combined only amounts to 241 trillion dollars.
You think bitcoin is going to be worth not only more than every currency in the world combined, but all the real estate in the world, every precious metal in the world, every business in the world?
@_date: 2017-11-07 18:56:16


Didn't you just say it was pure luck?
The kind of person who buys gold in 2008 is also the kind of person who buys gold in 2011.
Bitcoin has already done most of the appreciating its ever going to do. It's gone from 6 cents to $7000. It's not going to go from $7000 to $816,000,000. Jumping on the bandwagon of speculators might make you some money but its just as likely to have you end up like the guy who bought gold in 2011.
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:54:49


If you assume Satoshi just plucked the design and reward structure at random, or that you can come up with a great design for a currency by luck as much as conscious thought then there's no relevance.
The fact it was designed to be a functional currency, not a "store of value", strongly indicates that its just a failed design that is being speculated on because it was first to market and is artificially scarce compared to other coins, not because its some miracle of economics.
Speculators are merely using "store of value" as a justification for why its not a speculative bubble despite the fact its not operating at all how it was intended to.


Their's law is about currencies, not assets.
US Dollars displace currencies like Zimbabwe dollars because Zimbabwe dollars were losing value so fast that they ceased to be a functional currency. 
Zimbabwe dollars were not replaced by Gold or any other non-functional currency.
Gold ceased to be a useful currency when inflationary fiat currencies were developed, because everyone just started hoarding gold and spending paper.
You can't invoke Their's law to defend why Bitcoin isn't being used as a currency because Their's law only applies to currencies.
Hyper-deflation causes currencies to become dysfunctional as much as hyper-inflation does. In hyper-inflation people don't want to accept currency because it will be worth far less in a weeks time. In hyper-deflation, people don't want to spend currency because it will be worth far more in a weeks time. Currency needs balanced supply and demand to function. 
Hyper inflation cripples the ability to borrow and loan money because no one wants to lend $10,000 if by the time they get it paid back its only worth $1,000. Hyper-deflation does the same. No one wants to take out a $10,000 loan if it could be worth $100,000 a year from now. No one wants to get a mortgage with $500 monthly installments if $500 becomes worth $5,000.
There's lots of other points to address in your post, but not without turning this reply into an essay. I can go more in depth if you pick the next 1-2 most important points from your last post for me to reply to.
@_date: 2017-11-16 21:30:20


If you read the rest of the post before replying you'd see that I was making a distinction between the value of house and the value of land, I wasn't saying that property has gone down in value.
Property values overall have increased significantly over the last 100 years, yes even accounting for inflation or wages or both. Measure the price of property in gold or bitcoin or whatever you like and you'll see the same trend.
By any measure land has become more valuable due to a combination of natural scarcity of land, exacerbated by restrictions on construction in those areas (which increases demand for the areas construction has been permitted).


Land comprises the vast majority of property wealth. I'm not sure why you would make this a debatable point when a piece of waste ground in new york (or other area with high demand for living space) is worth more than a mansion in another area.
Its clearly not the value of the house that matters.
If you take a million dollar 1 bedroom apartment from manhattan and move it to Detroit it is not still worth a million dollars.
Regardless of where you stand on the land v houses debate,
one of this actually touches the issue of marginal utility of debt though, which you seem strangely reluctant to address given that was the original point.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:56:47


What large number of things is it dependent on?
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:09:47


Okay, that's a good testable claim. So what is happening when fixed assets increase in price above the rate of inflation? In my humble opinion the fact that the cost of fixed assets are rising much faster than the rate of inflation shows that this is not the only reason, and in fact adjusting for inflation allows you to see what the rise is when you take inflation out of the picture.
Obviously you think there's some other explanation.


I would have an easier time finding your point if you just outright said it rather than implying it with rhetorical questions.
To give my own answer without trying to guess what you think, rents go up because demand increases for a finite supply of desirable living spaces. There's very high demand for living spaces in a few areas that are already very densely populated. As people generate more forms of other wealth, they can bid up the prices of fixed assets.
Agglomeration effects make the supply and demand problem worse. People don't want to live where no other people live, so the more people concentrate in cities the greater the demand for city space and the lower the demand for other places.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:20:40
You don't think people could ever abandon bitcoin? Even when the technology its based on is open source and readily used by dozens of competitors?
People who've invested millions in bitcoin mining equipment couldn't ever be tempted to switch to a different coin? Governments could never effectively detect and imprison bitcoin miners who are using vast amounts of electricity of centralized infrastructure, and who are completely dependent on government telecoms infrastructure to transmit their data?
Bitcoin has been around for 8 years. There are governments that have existed for hundreds of years. It's a bit early to say that Bitcoin will never die.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:22:24
It's backed by the power of the government to enforce taxes, and to legally mandate taxes be paid in currency.
Try to not use the dollar whilst doing absolutely anything of value in the economy and see how long you last before getting imprisoned.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:39:12
Why would you do that when you could just buy bitcoins in whatever currency you're already accepting? You would get to decide exactly how much of your wealth you would have in bitcoin rather than leaving it to how many customers.
You're not interested in actually using bitcoin as a currency you're just interested in profiting from speculation.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:39:25
So bitcoin has invented the revolutionary concept holding an asset that appreciates in value over time and pays dividends?
How's that any better than just investing in the S&amp;P500?
Except the difference is, when you invest in assets like a share of a company, the dividends and appreciation you get are the result of productive economic activity, at least for some companies.
Whereas the dividends and appreciation you get from bitcoin are simply the result of artificial scarcity which makes it zero-sum rent seeking.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:59:02
This is misleading.
Gyft doesn't have a 3% money back for paying with bitcoin, its just a rewards scheme regardless of what you pay with. They just spun it as a "bitcoin rewards" to try and entice people with bitcoin to buy from them.
Gyft uses Bitpay to process bitcoin transactions which has a 1% transaction fee which is worse than a lot of credit card fees.
Plus you have the fees from bitcoin transfers as well.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:27:32
explain what you mean by that
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:14:36
That's a great example, thanks for bringing it to my attention.
It's currently at $20,000 a coin.
OMG!!! $20,000, that's double BTC! STRAIGHT TO THE MOON!
I would love to see people here explain why this isn't proof of how valuable 42coin is without destroying their own logic of "higher price = always better, always represents future utility of coin", but it will probably just be lazily dismissed as "shilling" for a "shitcoin" without any thought put into it.
@_date: 2017-11-15 22:39:17
yeah there are a fuckload of options to do that, and pretty much all of them are considerably cheaper and quicker than bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:09:09


Dollars aren't in a bubble because a steady rate of inflation ensures that dollars will gradually be worth less over time. I'm not sure that you're clear on what people are actually referring to when they use the term speculative bubble.


Money is valuable because it helps facilitate trade of other valuable things.
"things have value because people think it has value" is a truism. It doesn't help explain why a ton of copper is worth more than a ton of steel.
There's an entire field dedicated to understanding what humans value and how they trade value and it involves slightly more work than just saying "value is subjective" over and over.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:48:08
So if Rootstock and LN fail in the real world, will that cause you to reform your view on bitcoin or will you just put your hopes on some other 2nd layer to save bitcoin?
It would be very surprising if they couldn't get it to work even in their own test conditions when they're the ones controlling the test conditions. It's the kind of things that you can't test for, or that the developer didn't think to test for that kill a project. Otherwise every software project that passed its own testing would be a success.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:17:38
Yes. Only a tiny percentage of people buying bitcoin at the moment are using it as a currency. 
Bitcoin is getting less useful as a currency (higher fees and longer confirmation times), at the same time prices are soaring. This is the opposite of what you'd want or expect to see from a currency that was being adopted for its use.
Most people are buying for exactly the motivations you find everywhere in this thread and sub. They believe Bitcoin will be worth far more in the near future so they buy with the hope of getting rich quick. 
This is actively harmful for its adoption as a currency. Bitcoins price is rising so fast no one wants to spend it, and because no one wants to spend it, no one is interesting in accepting it. All this while all the people buying bitcoin just to profit off it are increasing fees and transaction times.
It's shocking that deflationists continue to dismiss the idea that "just because a currency keeps rising in value doesn't mean people won't spend it, people still need to buy stuff", when this is *exactly* what is happening with bitcoin.
Usually this is dismissed by saying that bitcoin just needs to hit some arbitrary price point (usually the kind of price that will make them a bitcoin millionaire), then somehow the price will "stabilize", "level off" or hit "equilibrium" and suddenly start being used as a currency. Which is what you need to believe if you want to believe that you're going to turn a thousand dollars into millions and then not have the price crash when everyone decides to spend their millions at once. 
A brief glance at the bitcoin whitepaper would tell you this future "stabilization" can never happen. Bitcoins currently being produced at the highest rate possible and its still highly deflationary relative to the amount of money flooding in. Soon the supply rate will halve, and then halve again, until eventually it will stop completely, at which point bitcoins will continue to get lost while no new ones are being made and you will hit hyper-deflation.
@_date: 2017-11-03 12:43:04
It sounds like we're in agreement them.
This is exactly why bitcoin is not seeing wider adoption as a currency. People don't actually want to use bitcoin as an every day currency, they just want to make money off it.
Speculative bubbles are wasteful economic activity. They're not producing anything they're just inflating the price of an asset. Simply increasing the price of an asset doesn't make it more useful, it just gets more valuable, and its only increasing in value because people are buying into it with the hope it keeps increasing in value. 
That value is only coming from other people buying into the bubble.
Once it stops increasing in value, everyone who only bought into it to make money will sell and the price will crash.
@_date: 2017-11-05 18:11:04


If you had a $200,000 mortgage paying 2% interest, and $180,00 making 4% return, which number is greater, the amount you're paying on interest on the mortgage, or the amount of you're making from having all the money?


I specifically mentioned you'd be paying money for decades, to an amount greater than the original price of the house. What do you think that was referring to if not interest payments?
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:26:21
$0 endgame is also not impossible.
Why would bitcoin being worth $500k make it a more useful currency than any other cryptocoin based on exactly the same technology?
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:07:27
If you believe in crypto, why are you talking about it like an investment instead of a functional currency?
@_date: 2017-11-03 16:37:41


There's absolutely no need for it to be a blockchain then. You're still 100% reliant on fiat currency to do anything of value with it.
All you're trading is some artificially scarce numbers.
You could be trading any other scarce asset, except things like gold don't have 51% attacks.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:45:32
I mean the absolute best time to buy bitcoin was when it was still worth a few cents a coin.
If you want to gamble, isn't it better to try and find the next bitcoin rather than to get in on the tail end of something?
$1 worth of bitcoin would be worth over $100,000 now. Anyone can afford to lose a dollar. If you have $10,000 in bitcoin and its price crashes back down to $1,000, that's a pretty big hit for anyone.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:18:15
Would you care to make that argument then?
Because my rent doesn't cost twice as much in the last year, food doesn't cost twice as much, gas doesn't cost twice as much.
So either everything else I buy with dollars also halved in value at the same time, or bitcoin just doubled in value, and everything else stayed the same except for a couple percent inflation.
I'll leave it to your solid argument to tell me which is which.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:12:36
That's only pretty terrible if you think putting $10,000 under your mattress 30 years ago is a sound investment strategy.
Currency is for facilitating trade, not saving. Money that isn't facilitating trade isn't doing any good. If you want to store value over 30 years then you should invest that money in something that actually creates wealth rather than just hoarding it and hoping other peoples work makes it more valuable.
Wealth is not zero-sum and increasing the supply of dollars doesn't destroy any wealth. The total value of all dollars has not halved in the last 30 years its increased significantly. An individual dollar is only worth less relative to there being trillions of more dollars. A 21 millionth of all dollars is worth far more now than it was 30 years ago. 
Moderate inflation generates more wealth because it encourages more trade.
Compare the Japanese economy (which has had very slight deflation for nearly 2 decades) to the US economy, which has had slight inflation for the last 2 decades. The fact the Yen is worth slightly more than it was 20 years ago does not mean there's any more wealth in the economy, in fact GDP and GDP per capita has been completely stagnant and is in fact lower than it was 20 years ago.
This is where the madness of confusing the unit value of a currency with wealth lies. It's possible for the money in your pocket to be worth more even when there is less wealth to go around, because money isn't wealth its just a token for wealth, and just because those tokens are increasing in relative value doesn't mean there is any more wealth. That's a zero-sum form of thinking that only cares whether you are relatively better off rather than if everyone is absolutely better off.
@_date: 2019-02-12 19:58:32


I can name lots of other stores of value that were never this volatile. You can too if you actually look for evidence that disputes your thesis and not just what supports it.


Why would being able to retrieve a store of value easily be more important than it not halving in value in a year? If you want something that is easily transferable and don't care if it loses value then USD is a far superior store of value.
Also good luck retrieving anything of value during a price crash when all the exchanges are overloaded and suspending trading so they can offload their bags first.
@_date: 2017-11-03 13:59:04


How do you figure that?
There's no 51% attack for gold. There aren't dozens of substitutes for gold based on exactly the same technology as gold. Gold isn't artificially scarce. All the gold miners in the world couldn't all get together and decide to lift the limit on the amount of gold in the world.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:05:10
I know I'm asking why is it better to create more divisions instead of just increasing supply. Why not just have 1 bitcoin and subdivide that infinitely?
@_date: 2017-11-22 20:01:00
There's nothing you've really said here that explains why bitcoin is better than fiat currency when its so much more wasteful of electricity, costs far more to transfer and takes far more time to transfer. just vague "bitcoin is the future, old money is bad because its old"
It being pseudo-decentralized (still running on centralized telecoms infrastructure and relying on centralized banking infrastructure to facilitate buying and selling), is not enough to make up for its shortcomings as a currency.
You could come up with a decentralized internet (which people have), but if it takes 10x longer than a centralized internet and costs 10x more to use people simply aren't going to use it (which is why decentralized internet hasn't taken off).
Centralization is incredibly efficient.
I've never seen a serious response to these huge problems other than wishful thinking that somehow all the technological problems will be solved in future.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:31:43
This is because they're not sending bitcoins they're sending dollars. Bitpay are in effect just running a bitcoin exchange for people who want to feel like they're buying things in bitcoin rather than just selling bitcoin for dollars and then using dollars.
It undermines the premise that bitcoin is a revolutionary currency if the main use case is exchanging it for another currency that merchants want to accept.
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:13:26
There has been no overall growth in daily transactions in the last year.
The recent soaring in price has nothing to do with increased use of the currency and everything to do with a surge in speculation from rubes who think its a guaranteed way to get rich quick.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:32:24
I know how few people are working on it and that number of people could never have the kind of resources to do that level of testing unless they had an incredible level of outside funding which I would have already seen on their wikipedia page.
Why are you so intent on avoiding answering the question when you can prove me wrong if I am wrong?
The only reason would be because I'm not wrong, which proves my point about it being a waste of time to try and find something I know doesn't exist.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:59:22
Not if you couldn't afford to lose 90% of your investment in a matter of days.
There are almost no asset classes that permanently decrease in value.
Gold will at some point be worth more than it was at its all time high, simply because there's a limited amount and it would be fantastically expensive to make any from scratch.
That doesn't mean "now is always the best time to buy gold, its going to be worth more at some point so buy now" is sound financial advice.
If you bought gold at its all time high you still would not have recovered its value. It's been 7 years since its last all time high.
@_date: 2017-11-05 21:43:21


So Bitcoin is the first enterprise in all of tech which started as first to market, became market leader and then never ever got taken over by any competitor?
Tech is too innovative of a field for one idea, group, or technology to hold the crown for long. Making any decisions based on the assumption that Bitcoin will never be replaced is foolhardy to say the least.


a quick google for "bitcoin daily transactions" shows this isn't true. there's been no overall growth in use in the past year despite skyrocketing prices.
People speculate on bitcoin because they're convinced its going to make them rich quick. It's the same reason they don't speculate on the other coins because there is not yet the hype that litecoin or ripple will make them millionaires with no effort.


There was a futures market on tulips during tulip mania. People were convinced that a single tulip bulb was worth more than a house and would be worth even more in the near future. A futures market in this instance proves nothing other than people are attempting to mitigate their risk and profit from a speculative bubble, most specifically because people are going to want to short an obviously over-valued asset to profit from an upcoming crash.


Damn, if only I was brave and woke enough to come up with the genius of idea of getting rich by putting money into something that is rising rapidly in value. I bet no one has ever thought of that before.
@_date: 2019-06-08 20:32:44


Who is this hypothetical person you're talking about? I'm talking about actual numbers from analysis on trade volumes. 
[Bitwise's analysis puts the figure at 95%](
[TIE's analysis from last year put the figure at 67%](
I've never seen any analysis suggest less than 50% wash trading but I'd be fascinated to see one, which you must have because you're so confident most of the trade is legit.


Why would you think that was my point?
I specifically detailed an example of a wealth creating trade and a rent seeking trade, with one clearly portrayed as a  good thing and another as a bad thing. How does that translate to MARKETS BAD?


It's not always the same thing as creating wealth, which is why you can't go by the simple heuristic that if a trade makes a profit is must have created value.
It should be obvious why rent-seeking trade is at least not a positive thing and is often bad because trades aren't free so it ends up wasting resources and it also leads to economic inefficiency where resources get diverted from wealth generation to rent-seeking which is a zero sum game someone has to lose.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:59:49
Did you edit that post after making it? I don't remember that line the first time. All I remember was the, it can't be controlled and we're going to validate that.
Anyway, why do you have to separate fixed assets and factors of production for marginal utility of debt?
If you pay rent for 20 years while rent is going up, vs getting a 20 year mortgage whilst interest rates are low, then that's a clear example of where marginal utility of debt is much higher than savings.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:51:38
The technology gold is based on isn't freely available, there aren't dozens of competing metals that do exactly the same thing as gold. There isn't an infinite number of potential gold substitutes.
Economic substitution is a thing. Gold is valuable because it can't be easily substituted by anything else in the world.
If you could magic up a new element on the periodic table that had all the same properties of gold, and had no limit on how much could be produced, what would happen to the price of gold?
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:56:08
If Bitcoin keeps growing at the current rate it will be worth more than the entire world GDP in 6 years.
Dare to think that one out for yourself.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:17:35


You can trade bitcoin on an exchange far faster than you can actually spend it, which means if you're arguing that its a superior deflationary asset to gold, land etc, its irrelevant if you can spend it, since you can convert it into other forms of wealth faster than you could buy anything with it.
with bitcoin there is an odd circular logic that its value comes from being a currency, but its not a currency its a store of value, and its valuable because it keeps increasing in value, and we're all going to become rich by hodling bitcoin and not spending it.
It's schroedingers coin. It's a revolutionary new decentralized currency when people want it to be, and its a superior version of gold (which is a terrible currency) when they want to explain away how its a currency if everyone just sits on it and doesn't spend it.
 


By a global conspiracy that encompassed every nation on earth over a 100 year period?
If deflationary currency actually conferred a competitive advantage its pretty astounding that not a single country in the world wanted to stay on it or adopt it whilst nations were abandoning it.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:13:34
The psychological allure of infinitely appreciating money seems fairly strong in some people.
People don't seem to realize that money isn't wealth itself, its just a token for wealth. The value of those tokens does not change the total amount of wealth in the world. 
It's one of the reasons it was important to have bitcoin be the standard unit. 1 bitcoin being worth $7,000 makes it seem like bitcoin (the currency) is worth 7000x the amount dollars are.
Except its just an arbitrary unit of measurement. 
It sounds a lot less valuable if you say that 100 Satoshi are only worth $0.007.
It's odd that people who are keenly aware that inflation erodes the purchasing power of a currency over time, seem to fantasize about buying up some currency, and then for it to indefinitely appreciate in value so they never have to work again. What value do they think they're generating simply buy buying up part of a finite supply of numbers?
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:11:49
and if they fail to scale, what then?
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:38:59


Because interest rates are incredibly low right now?
If you have $200,000 and buy a $200,000 house you now have a house and 0 dollars.
If you have $200,000 and you put $20,000 deposit down, you have a house, and $180,000, and have to pay $1,200 for the next 2 decades.
As long as you can make more than $1,200 a month with that $180,000, then you're better off getting a mortgage and using the rest of the money to make money, than you are putting it all into the house.
And if you can't make more than $1,200 a month off $180,000, then you might not be the financial genius you think you are.
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:12:51
So Bitcoin has the decentralized part down but not the magically working part down?
bitcoin is only decentralized if you don't count relying on centralized telecoms infrastructure, and a small group of mining conglomerates doing all the processing as decentralized.
Also which sci-fi universes specifically mention decentralized currency? Any one I can think of that mentions something like "credits" has huge centralized authorities in charge of things.
@_date: 2017-11-28 17:19:50
You can use paypal and get both lower fees and quicker transactions than that.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:04:10
Borrowing alone doesn't cause a bubble. It's when the borrowing is disproportionate to the underlying value.
There are countries that didn't have housing bubbles that still had lots of people borrowing money to buy houses, which is a sensible thing to do when you can borrow at reasonable rates and have a steady income.
The problem in the housing bubble wasn't that people were borrowing money, but that banks were lending far too much money far too easily to people who weren't good for it. This simultaneously caused a boom in prices whilst causing a lot of underlying risk, so the value of housing became detached from the underlying value. Banks were lending $300,000 to people who couldn't really afford it, for a house that would only be worth $150,000 if they weren't pumping up the market with debt. One of the reasons they could do this was because of credit default swaps. They packaged up the risk of loaning money to these risky people and then sold it on, so they no longer were bearing the cost of the risk. This got into a crazy situation where banks and other financial institutions had bought up a huge amount of these CDSs without properly understanding how bad the underlying risk was. This was in part because of widespread fraud going on where institutions were just downright lying about how bad the risks were so they could make more money. CDSs were very poorly regulated so few people recognized the scale of the problem until it was too late.
Also the housing bubble didn't lose close to 50% of its value, so if you wouldn't count a 50% drop in bitcoin as a bubble I'm not sure what you would count.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:37:24


It has some value as a currency, but 95%+ of the current value is from speculation.
Currently its only real functional use is on black markets, but there's nothing to stop it from being replaced by any competing crypto that isn't heading for hyper-deflation. fiat is better for everything else.


@_date: 2017-11-02 12:50:56
Honestly can't tell what is real and what is satire here anymore.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:03:53
Why would you spend in bitcoin when you can spend in dollars that go down in value instead of up?
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:40:04
It's not a tough question. Inflation is at 2%, its not 200%. The difference would be obvious. If the dollar had halved in value either everyone would have to have their salaries doubled or millions of people would have been bankrupted this year.
Bitcoin doubling in value is not the same thing as the dollar halving in value just because the relative difference is the same. This should not be a difficult concept.


Not true, many fiat currencies have gone through deflation. The Yen deflated for decades. A Yen is worth more now than it was 20 years ago.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:06:11
Let's say Timmy has deflationary currency AND an inflationary currency.
At the start of the month, Timmy has $1000 in dollars and $1000 in bitcoin. His living costs for that month are $1000.
Should he pay his rent, food etc in the currency that will be worth more next month or the one that will be worth less?
Now lets say Timmys employer also has access to deflationary currency AND inflationary currency. Does he pay Timmy in the currency that will be worth more next month or the one that will be worth less?
@_date: 2017-11-05 14:28:52
Investing in a diversified portfolio across a spectrum of risk profiles isn't gambling.
Putting all your money into an asset that has had several crashes in the last 5 years is gambling. Not cashing out a portion of your investment during an all time high and putting it into a safe investment is gambling.
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:33:52


Hyper-deflation could though.
Not only are bitcoins going to hit a hard limit at some point, but bitcoins are lost from the system at a steady rate.
Money supply needs to scale with the amount of wealth in the economy. You only need to look at the Great Depression to see how disastrous the effects are of unchecked deflation.
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:43:32


I'm talking about supply and demand. Supply of houses increases when new ones are built.
You're saying supply and demand has no effect and its all inflation so its necessary to bring up examples of supply and demand of the asset we're talking about.


Fine, lets stick to rent. Do you think the supply of houses has no effect on rents? Do you think increased demand (i.e. more people) has no effect on rents?
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:31:33
You realize reductio ad absurdum isn't a logical fallacy right?
It's a form of argument which can be fallacious or not depending on the premise and the conclusion you attempt to draw from it.
The wikipedia article you kindly linked to includes a valid example of reductio ad absurdum, one being a mathematical proof that there is no smallest rational number since you can always divide by 2 to get a smaller one.
Would you care to say why my argument is wrong? Is it faulty premises or are the premises valid but the logic applied to them is invalid?
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:55:01
Like I said, "past performance only tells you what you should have done in the past".
Unless you have a time machine, that's not especially useful information. If there was a way to actually know what would happen in the future, people wouldn't have been farting out bitcoins and then spending 500 to buy a pizza. 
Calling that a mistake now that we know what would happen to the price is captain hindsight bullshit. It's like standing by a roulette wheel, seeing 32-red come up and then saying it was a mistake not to bet your house on 32-red because now you'd be a millionaire.
We're talking about what's going to happen in the next 5-10 years.
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:48:33


Are you saying that there would be no difference in the price of houses depending if one year they build 200,000 new houses and another year they build 0, or one year there are a million new immigrants looking for somewhere to live and another year there are none?
Of course supply and demand has an effect.
Calling all of that "inflation" is just uselessly broad. It doesn't describe anything in useful detail and just serves to rob inflation of its useful meaning which is describing overall increases in prices due to monetary inflation.


Saying economics is more complicated than inflation being for all price changes and that supply and demand are different for every good is not an "edge case"


I already explained its because the land the house is sitting on is getting more valuable, combined with the fact the dollar is getting less valuable because the supply has increased. 
The house itself is worth less. If you moved that house to a place with the same land values as when it was first built then no one would be willing to pay as much for it. But its not practical to actually move houses, which is why the issue gets confused of whether you're paying for the house or the land.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:45:10
/multi-billion dollar mining conglomerates who have all the power over votes on changes to the technology. 
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:21:29
No one does, especially not bitcoin proponents, which is why this thread is full of posts like "i don't know anything about bitcoin but how do I invest my lifes savings in it" and "the best time to buy bitcoin is ALWAYS! Buy low, buy high, buy even higher!"
Instead of "i really want to be able to pay my rent, food, car payments with bitcoin, please tell me how I get involved in this unique new medium of exchange"
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:54:29
You should go back and read how this conversation got started because I never said demand doesn't decide price (along with other factors).
I was disputing the claim that fiat currency isn't backed by anything, which is false, because its backed by the power to put people in prison if they don't pay taxes in that currency. I was also disputing the claim that monopoly status is "economically irrelevant" to the nature of demand.
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:19:24
Financial markets already exist that allow you to trade assets without physically holding them.
They also don't take several hours to transfer which is a major advantage when prices can crash in minutes.
@_date: 2017-11-05 18:47:53


Welcome to bitcoin, no need for sanity as long as you can get on the HODL train:
I've heard people make all kinds of ridiculous claims, like bitcoin is going to collapse the global banking system and replace all fiat currencies.


Is that number based on anything other than liking the symmetry of calling bitcoin e-gold? Why stop at $350k, why not $500k? Why not $100k?
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:57:59


Or the myspace of social media, or the Netscape Navigator of web browsers, or the Nokia of phones?
Being first to market, and even being market leader is not enough to secure monopoly position in perpetuity, especially in a fast moving innovative sector like technology.
Myspace lost out to Facebook just by having a slightly worse design. It's not like Myspace was fundamentally broken and Facebook came up with a radical improvement, and yet it still lost out even with a massive headstart and network advantage.
Bitcoin is far from being a functional currency yet, and has dozens of competitors based on exactly the same technology. I would be amazed if it was still market leader in 10 years time. Handicap of the headstart is a real thing.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:29:46
You're not talking about companies like Amazon accepting Bitcoin then, you're talking Amazon continuing to just accept dollars through a service that converts bitcoins into dollars.
Which begs the question, what's the point of using dollars to buy bitcoins to then convert back into dollars. If you have to convert bitcoin into another currency to use it as currency then you're not using it as a currency.
It's a completely unnecessary step. Just keep bitcoins and sell them for dollars when you need some extra liquid cash, there's no need for middlemen like bitpay to get paid a fee.


Their business model is charging fees to merchants and customers, its not just converting dollars into bitcoins and then sitting on them, otherwise they'd just invest all their money into bitcoins rather than wasting time and money processing payments.
You're also assuming companies like Bitpay are just sitting on a giant stack of every bitcoin they've ever accepted rather than using it in cashflow to develop their business. No multi-million dollar business could survive if they kept their cashflow in such a volatile commodity. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 13:46:23
What brings people to the party is not the same thing as what keeps them there.
Satoshis dream for bitcoin was that eventually miners wouldn't get any coins they'd just make a small percentage off transaction fees.
There's a reason he didn't just start straight away by only offering a small percentage of transaction fees, because no one would have bothered buying mining equipment to make a tiny percentage on transaction fees on a currency that is barely traded and isn't worth anything.
This only works as a long term system if there's nothing to stop miners just switching to another coin more profitable coin, which there isn't. 


It actually needs to fulfill a real need in the economy for there to be demand to keep the currency running beyond simply trying to get rich quick.
Currently 95%+ of people who own bitcoin aren't using it as regular currency and are just treating it like an investment.
Everything that would make bitcoin a better, more stable currency would stop it from being as good a get-rich-quick scheme, and even at its theoretical best, there's very little that actually makes bitcoin more attractive than regular currency.
If bitcoin was faster and cheaper than fiat currency, then it would still have a long time to go before it could overtake it. The fact its slower and more expensive than fiat currency, as well as being accepted almost nowhere, means either someone needs to find something really useful it can do, or else wait for fiat currency to collapse before it could ever see mainstream adoption.
We could have a decentralized internet, but it would be much more expensive and much slower and the average person doesn't care about anything more than those two things.
@_date: 2017-11-02 12:55:29
Why are you making investment decisions based on past performance?
The fact it doubled in 2 months means it was a good time to buy 2 months ago, that doesn't make it a good time to buy now.
You didn't know bitcoin was going to do then or you would have kept your money in it. You don't know what its going to do now. You're investing based on fear of missing out which is generally a bad idea.
@_date: 2019-02-12 15:06:12


Millions of bitcoins have been seized and stolen and lost. 
There are thousands of assets that "can't be seized if properly stored" if you count every time its seized as not being properly stored.
You could pick literally any asset and say its perfectly secure as long as any time its seized or stolen you blame the person who hid it for not hiding it well enough. Security features that actually matter involve accounting for user error, that's why 2 factor authentication and password recovery are security features that actually matter, because they account for user error.




"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved"
Something that can lose more than half its value in less than a year is not a reliable store of value. What if you wanted to store value last december and wanted to retrieve it sometime this year? Or next year?
Bitcoin being a store of value for the small number of people who bought it when it was under $4,000 does not make it a good store of value for anyone else.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:27:26


That's what you want from a currency. Money is for buying and selling things. If you want something you can just hold and not spend there are thousands of assets that you can already do that with. A currency people would rather hold than spend is a bad currency, which is a reason gold died off as a currency.
If you want to keep something valuable then you should buy something valuable with money. Relative decreases in money supply rewards economic inactivity, and rewards people who already have money at the expense of people who don't.
Inflation rewards those who put money to useful purposes and punishes people who hold money out of supply without doing anything with it. Which is why almost every successful economy in the world has a moderately inflationary money supply.


I've had banks save me hundreds of dollars from fraud before, why would I (or any other consumer) be against chargebacks and other consumer protections?
Merchants don't like them, they also don't like providing refunds but they do it anyway because they have to compete for customers.
Between a payment method that allows chargebacks and one that doesn't, who would choose the latter. The added cost is eaten by the banks and merchants so a consumer sees no difference.
@_date: 2017-11-16 23:35:28


There's a difference between a price increase and inflation. If you use "inflation" to describe any price increase you really lose the ability to distinguish between an overall increase in prices as a result of monetary inflation and specific increase in prices due to supply and demand.


That's not my argument.
Inflation of the money supply gradually increases the amount of money available for all goods and services in the economy. This has the overall effect of making each dollar worth less but it increases the overall number of dollars.
You can calculate this effect because its evenly distributed because every dollar is diluted by the same amount.
This is separate from supply and demand for a specific good or service. Every single good has hundreds of factors going into demand and supply that decide the price, there's no way you can just say its all inflation.
If all the price changes in fixed assets like property come from inflation, not supply and demand, then why is it that some places property skyrockets in value and other places it plummets? If its all down to inflation then it should be a even effect because the whole country is running on the same money supply.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:39:09
People who want to make money off lots of newcomers dumping their money into bitcoin with dreams of getting rich quick.
@_date: 2017-11-29 20:40:46


What reason would they have for doing that?
To attract all the US customers who don't have access to dollars but would suddenly start buying stuff if they could pay in bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:17:04


Or one of the dozen other competing cryptocurrencies will over take it. Or some new technology will come out and obsolete all cryptocurrencies.
Investing based on past performance is not an investment strategy. Past performance only tells you what you should have done in the past.
Buying in at 11,000 because you wished you bought in at 1,000 doesn't mean its going to go to 111,000.
The first time bitcoin hit $1,000, it took 4 years for it to reach that point again, meaning almost any other investment would have gotten you a better return.
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:59:51
Another great answer /s
@_date: 2017-11-06 22:35:11


How well did gold do against fiat currency? 
It took the best part of a century for the gold standard to be completely abandoned. There was nothing stopping anyone from continuing using gold if it was truly a superior currency because it appreciated in value.
Before you say "but its harder to trade gold, bitcoin is much easier to move", know that you can get gold debit cards just like bitcoin debit cards that transfer dollars and sells gold on an exchange to pay for it.
If deflationary/"store of value" currencies conferred a competitive advantage they wouldn't have been universally abandoned.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:24:30


That doesn't address anything I've said. You were the one who talked about deflation somehow being required to handle influx of wealth from asteroidal mining, and I pointed out that you can deflate fiat currency much quicker than bitcoin.
Frangibility has nothing to do with deflation. Bitcoin is deflationary because there's a fixed and decreasing supply and a total cap on supply of bitcoins. If bitcoin had no cap and an increasing rate of supply it would be inflationary regardless of how frangible it was.
Fiat currency is also infinitely frangible. They could print a $0.00001 note or make a $1,000,000,000 coin. Most fiat currency is digital already, ignoring that the value of currency doesn't change fast enough for them to worry about not being able to print a new note quick enough.
If dollars started deflating they could easily start pulling out higher denomination notes and start printing 10 cent notes and millicent coins.


I meant all money in the world not one particular currency.


you're going to actually have to explain that. just saying "you're wrong" without explaining why doesn't help anything.
The total US money supply was once 10% of what it was now. Do you think if they never increased the supply of dollars the dollar would be worth less now?
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:34:01
Litecoin, BitcoinCash, Ethereum?
One that hasn't even been invented yet. It's not possibly to accurately predict otherwise there wouldn't be any volatility in the market.
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:33:19
Apparently the guy didn't give enough of a shit to actually reply to the break up text, but did give enough of a shit to keep her in his contacts for 6 years and then screencap her next message for sweet, sweet karma.
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:44:03


Is Aluminum in a bubble?
It's cost about 80 cents a pound for the last 20 years. The most expensive it has been is $1.40 a pound and the cheapest it has been is 60 cents a pound.
Bitcoin has gone from being worth $1000 to being worth $100. That's what a bubble bursting looks like.


Why would a deflationary currency ever stabilize?
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:29:19


And here I thought it was about being the best currency.
@_date: 2017-11-05 20:54:35


So its not the value of the technology then. 
Assuming Bitcoin is going to be worth trillions just because its the market leader is as big an error as assuming Myspace was going to be worth billions because it was the biggest social network.
Actual functional utility of the currency is what will win the day.
the "store of value" bullshit coming out now is just bare faced post-hoc rationalizations to keep people invested in a speculative bubble.
It's scarcity means nothing without utility and its utility is actively undermined by artificial scarcity.


None of that disputes the point that the massive increase in value recently has been from speculation, not any increase in the "network effect".
Speculation decreases the network effect of currency because people holding currency out of circulation reduces liquidity
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:29:41
Cognitive dissonance from speculators.
Before speculation hit fever pitch, there was a lot more hope that bitcoin could actually see widespread adoption as a currency. This is why people though it could become so valuable.
However recent price growth has been completely divorced from its acceptance as a currency. People who now have thousands of dollars invested in bitcoin have strong interests not to accept the fact that bitcoin is failing to be adopted as a currency.
so either they can accept that they've all bought into something that isn't actually going to work, or find another reason why its worth the thousands of dollars. hence the seamless transition to the "store of value" narrative.
You often hear people say "its the new gold!", even though it was never meant to be used like gold. It also ignores that most of the demand for gold comes from jewelry, and that the speculative bubble in gold burst 7 years ago and still hasn't recovered, which makes gold a rather poor "store of value" if you bought it 7 years ago.
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:46:07


Everyone goes along with it because its the most useful and profitable way of trading which is essential for economic growth and wealth generation.
Try trading with "valuable" gold coins and see how well you can run a profitable business without "intrinsically worthless" fiat currency.


Because there are trillions of more dollars than there were back then.  The market cap of the total value of dollars is far higher than it was in 1870.
It doesn't matter if a single dollar is worth less than it was in 1870 because people get paid far more dollars than they did back then. 
@_date: 2017-11-05 20:22:08


There are over a dozen coins based on exactly the same technology that enable all the same things. How much are those other coins worth, for the technology and what it enables? 
The reason why bitcoin is worth what it is worth is because it was designed to be artificially scarce with a cap on the total number of bitcoins, and a mechanism to gradually decrease supply over time.
Bitcoin has gone up 600% in the last 6 months. Daily transactions haven't gone up at all in that time. The vast majority of value is coming from speculation and you can only speculate on it because its artificially scarce.
Try speculating on dollars or any other functional currency and see how much your investment pays off in a year.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:10:00
So they have millions of people using these test nets?
How could you use a test currency in the real world? No one is going to accept it as currency and people aren't going to treat it like currency.
@_date: 2017-11-05 17:40:13


I've heard people confidently claim that bitcoin will hit $30,000,000 a coin, which would make the market cap worth more than all the wealth in the world combined.
Its fascinating that people honestly don't believe there's a bubble when there's such wide eyed mania going on.
@_date: 2017-11-16 20:55:33


So miners voting on which direction to take bitcoin is what? 


yeah I forgot "its a store of value".
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:37:37
Bitcoin can be broken if any group ever gets 51% of the hashing power. Before saying that will never happen know that a mining conglomerate has got within 10 points of that number before.
You can't fake gold to anyone who is actually testing to see what element its made out of.
You can't forge gold because its a fundamental element of the universe. The only way you can make more is with the equivalent power of a supernova. If we get to the point where we economically generate that level of power we're past worrying about scarcity.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:56:04


You predict that the measured world economy will quadruple in 8-13 years and that all of it will be represented by bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:35:59
Very nearly a perfect response, but they stop short of the classic "you'll realize you're wrong when I'm driving my gold plated lambo past your house and then you'll be begging for one of my bitcoins, but then it will be too late".
@_date: 2017-11-17 15:15:37
I was being sarcastic when I said "you are REALLY dumb" was a "great argument". Sorry if that went over your head. I'll use an /s tag next time so you don't get confused.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:00:22


That's a direct quote. 
If you want to say more and more people are adopting it, then fine, but that's not meaningfully different from saying more and more people are speculating on it if more people are buying it but more people aren't actually using it.
You also didn't address how you're not a new comer lured in by price rises when you bought in years after bitcoin was invented and in the middle of a price surge.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:39:34


Unless you're buying like $1000 gift cards I can't imagine the average bitcoin transaction fee + bitpay's fees is worth the extra 1%
bitpay don't state their "network costs" on their website, but I've seen examples of as high as 16% although I'm guessing its a variable depending on the size of the transaction and current mining transaction fees.
Unless they have the best exchange rate in the biz then you're probably better off just selling bitcoins directly on an exchange and then using dollars directly.
@_date: 2017-11-16 15:21:10
1. Accepted everywhere in its respective nation.
2. Huge centralized system allowing near instant and very cheap transfers anywhere in the world
3. Moderate inflation helps erode the cost of debts (mortgages, car payments etc) over time. Discourages people from hoarding dollars.
4. Banks provide fraud protections like chargebacks.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:16:55
I'm trying to save time. 
Are you saying its in fact not going to be a waste of time, and that when I look at these tests I will in fact find millions of people using this system in identical ways to how they would in the real world?
If that's the case then I will happily concede its a perfect test and look forward to the upcoming revolution in currency technology.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:28:25


How is any of this relevant to the point that there is a difference between something doubling in price and something halving in value?
Just because the relative difference is the same doesn't mean there's no difference between those states.
If you have 100 gold bricks and 100 silver bricks, there is a difference between doubling the number of silver bricks and halving the number of gold bricks even if the relative difference is the same.
@_date: 2017-11-05 13:13:14
How does speculating on it make it more functional?
The more people who speculate the more volatile it makes the price and the less anyone actually wants to spend it as currency because no want wants to spend a currency if it might be worth double in a week.
There is no "investing" in a currency other than by using it. If you bought up trillions of zimbabwean dollars it would not make it a functional currency.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:21:27
Most demand for gold comes from jewelry. Try selling nickel wedding rings and see how well your business does.


Platinum is far rarer than gold, but costs less.
Gold is expensive because there's massive demand for gold jewelry, and smaller demand for its use in industry, banking and investment.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:22:49
I never said it must fail, I said the fact they can pass a test that isn't even 1% of the real world requirements doesn't prove it can work in the real world.
@_date: 2017-11-28 15:07:57
That site doesn't provide any quantitative data. There could be a week between those purchases.
Unless you're being a literal larry, you can guess that "nobody" doesn't mean literally nobody, but a very tiny percentage.
Unless you have data showing more than a tiny percentage of people are actually using it to buy goods and services then you're not really disputing the point.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:33:34
tulips also worked as a store of value and had an "S-graph type adoption growth", there was also a "price discovery phase".
None of those things meant tulip mania wasn't an unsustainable speculative bubble that eventually crashed.
@_date: 2017-11-16 22:50:45


Can you quote me what line this is referring to because there's been too many replies for me to tell exactly what you're referring to with this.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:26:17
Gold also doesn't have dozens of functionally identical substitutes based on exactly the same technology.
People all invested in gold can't just switch over to copper.
There's nothing stopping people from deciding another cryptocoin is the future. All that needs to happen is confidence to erode in bitcoin (through a large hack, market crash, troubled fork) whilst another coin is in an upswing.
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:38:38


The price of what gold? A gram, an ounce? a ton?
Gold doesn't have a nominal unit. You can't have "1 gold". It doesn't mean anything if a certain weight of gold is worth less than 1 bitcoin, it just means you picked a weight of gold that was greater or smaller than the value of bitcoin.
The market cap for gold is much bigger than bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:39:58
Which cryptocurrencies avoid these problems?
@_date: 2017-11-03 17:31:14
It was never intended to be a "store of value", it was intended to be a currency.
People calling it a "store of value" is just an excuse for it being in a speculative bubble.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:44:12


I didn't say it doesn't make sense, everything you said about bitcoin being frangible is true. I said it doesn't address what I've said. 
Frangibility has nothing to do with inflation/deflation. Bitcoin could be just as frangible as it is now but inflationary if it simply had no cap on bitcoins and increased supply over time instead of decreased.
You said we needed a deflationary currency like bitcoin to handle asteroid wealth. I pointed out fiat currency can be deflated by taking money out of supply. You replied by saying bitcoin is frangible, I pointed out that fiat currency is also frangible and that frangibility has nothing to do with deflation anyway.


Which is why its deflationary. What's your point? The limit on the supply of bitcoins is what makes it deflationary, not the frangibility.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:13:51
How would that effect the exponential complexity of a decentralized network?
@_date: 2017-11-06 14:26:08




Bitcoin existed for 4 years before it hit $400 for the first time.
2 weeks before bitcoin hit $400 for the first time it was worth $200. You got in 2 weeks after it had already doubled in price.
If you had sold 2 weeks later, at $979, you could have bought back in at any time in the next 3 years and still have made a profit.
If you wanted to portray yourself as some kind of tech visionary then it would be more impressive if you had bought in at $0.06, rather than after it had already risen 6666x. 


You specifically said people are speculating on bitcoin because more and more people are using it, even though you're saying its impossible for more people to use it because there's a limit.
Both of those things can't be true.
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:57:23
If you had 24 users each making 1,000 transactions a second, that would be the equivalent volume of the entire VISA network, which covers hundreds of millions of merchants and customers.
Each user would only be connected to 23 other accounts. You could hop from one user to any other user through only 23 steps. There would only be 552 different possible connections.
Compare that to a network of a million, where you have nearly a trillion different possible connections. 
In a centralized network you can have all those million people just connect to one central hub that can quickly sort out all the different transactions. In a decentralized network, either every node in the network needs to be connected to every other node, or else you need to go through many different nodes to reach the node you want.
It's not impossible but its exponentially more difficult.
@_date: 2017-11-30 18:40:57


I said the market cap of the total value of dollars is far higher, not the unit value. Add up the value of all dollars in 1870 and the value of all dollars in 2017 adjusted for inflation and see which is worth more. 
Unit value of a currency is not the same thing as the value of the entire currency.
Otherwise 42coin is twice as valuable as bitcoin. yet no one is going OMG STRAIGHT TO THE MOON $20,000!!!1! because its obvious that even though one 42coin is worth $20,000 there are far fewer coins so its only more valuable relative to the smaller quantity of coins.
It's completely arbitrary to pick "bitcoin" as the dollar equivalent. Dollars only have two unit denominations, cent and dollar, and a dollar is only 100 cents. A bitcoin is 100,000,000 of the lowest unit denomination. You could just as easily measure the relative value of 100 cents vs 100 satoshis, but then it doesn't look as impressive to say OMG SATOSHI JUST BROKE $0.00009!!! HODL ON TIGHT!!!
the same trick is done when comparing bitcoin to gold to imply bitcoin is more valuable. 1 bitcoin isn't equivalent to an ounce of gold anymore than its equivalent to a ton of gold. all the gold in the world is worth much more than all the bitcoins.


I didn't suggest a causal relationship, how could I have it the wrong way round? I just said it doesn't matter that the dollar is worth less because people just get paid more dollars, which is exactly what you just said.
Wages aren't decided based on an arbitrary number of units. They're based on supply and demand of values. If the unit value of a currency goes down you can't just use the same number of units to buy the same amount of wealth, whether you're buying steel or employees time. The inverse also holds true.


1. If you want to store value you should use money to buy or invest in something that holds value. Or better yet, use money to invest in something that generates value. Expecting money to just go up in value means you're expecting other peoples work to make you rich.
2. Inflation doesn't destroy wealth it just redistributes it. Deflation doesn't generate wealth either, it just redistributes it. People are always outraged about inflation redistributing wealth away from them, but apparently its not bad to redistribute wealth away from people with deflation, that's just free money apparently. 
The only way currency generates wealth is by facilitating trade, and money sitting under someones mattress doesn't facilitate any trades, especially if you're hoarding it for decades. A currency that rewards you for just doing nothing with it makes for a currency that no one wants to do anything with, as we've seen with bitcoin and gold, which is why every prosperous nation on earth has an inflationary currency supply.
People don't want to be paid in a currency no one wants to spend, otherwise we'd all be asking to be paid in gold. The fact that gold is a good "store of value" doesn't make it desirable as wages or a currency. You can always buy gold with dollars if you want, but you can't use gold to buy your groceries.
@_date: 2017-11-05 15:27:06


It's potentially more profitable, but its also potentially more ruinous. That makes it a better gamble, not an investment. It's just a different kind of investment. There is no way to get extremely high returns without high risk. If you want to invest money you need to diversify between high risk and return and low risk and return. If you want to gamble then keeping everything in high risk assets like bitcoin.
Bitcoin has sextupled in the last 6 months which is obviously not a sustainable rate of growth.


Bitcoin miners are going to have no incentive to vote this through though, even though its whats best for use as a currency. They didn't invest millions in mining equipment with dreams of making a small steady income off transaction fees.
They got in because early adoption offered huge rewards in an artificially scarce asset undergoing a speculative bubble. Transaction fees are a tiny percentage of what they have made from rapid appreciation of bitcoins.
There will be a strong incentive to switch to new up and coming coins that are offering the same early-adopter rewards that bitcoin did.
It's one of the problems with Bitcoins "decentralization". It's still heavily reliant on a small group of people who have a huge amount of influence over the currency. Bitcoin can't work without centralized computer power, so they're held captive by the miners to a great extent. If miners move to another currency then users have no choice but to follow because you can't functionally trade bitcoin P2P.
@_date: 2017-11-27 14:59:24
Most of the demand for gold is from the jewelry industry.
If people stopped buying golden jewelry overnight then the price of gold would crash. It's not just valuable because its rare. 
There are metals that are rarer than gold that are less expensive and have a much lower market cap because there are far fewer uses for them.


You could make a cryptocoin that there will only ever be 10 of. Scarcity alone is not enough to confer value.
So then the argument is "well bitcoin isn't just valuable because its artificially scarce, its because it will be so useful as a currency in the future!". Then any time you bring up all the problems with bitcoins use as a currency (which is getting worse over time), the argument switches to "silly rabbit, bitcoin isn't mean to be used as currency, its a store of value!". Which hopefully you've recognized leads to a circular argument.
All this is to avoid facing the real reason bitcoin is so valuable is because its caught in a cycle where people buy it, it increases in value (because of artificial scarcity), then other people buy it because its increasing in value and so it increases in value further. Otherwise called a speculative bubble.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:33:32
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:20:30


Gold lost far more than 80bn dollars of value on the markets 7 years ago and still hasn't recovered.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:41:34
Scarcity is an economic term for relative availability. Everything is scarce to some degree, some things are more scarce than others. Scarcity doesn't mean "you can't find it anywhere". It's a way of discussing relative supply and demand for various economic factors.
Bitcoin is artificially scarce because there's a hard limit on the number when they could have made it limitless.
If the bitcoin community is truly economically literate it shouldn't be struggling with basic concepts like what is artificial scarcity.


You're confusing frangibility with scarcity. You can divide 1 into infinitely small divisions but those divisions will still never add up to 2.
@_date: 2017-11-04 19:14:34
Yeah, one is making memes about soybean derivatives and talking about how hard people must be kicking themselves for not getting in before the great soybean surge of '04
Being able to look at the past and say "it would have been good to invest/cash out then" does not make you a fortune teller. 
@_date: 2019-02-12 22:07:11


Index funds have never been this volatile, not even in their first years of existence.
@_date: 2019-06-29 15:31:45


Blockchain transaction fees are relatively fixed, you can't get $0.0001 transaction fee just by sending $1, the more you send in one go the smaller a percentage the transaction fee is. unless there's an exchange out there willing to pay your transaction fee in exchange for a fixed percentage, which I'm not aware of.


If you don't have any information on which to time your buys then spreading them doesn't change EV.
Only if you had information that right now the price is over-inflated and is likely to go down in future would spreading it out be advantageous. without information you have no more reason to believe now is a bad time than a good time, either way would be trying to time the market based on supposed insight that now is either a good or bad time to buy. If you don't know whether now is a good or bad time you should just make one large bet to reduce the amount spent in fees.
In fact if you believe the long term trend is up then waiting is hurting your EV, since its more likely to be higher in the future than it is now.
If you have no informational advantage there is no benefit to pissing away EV under the illusion that lowering variance improves your EV.
@_date: 2017-11-29 22:27:28
Egifter uses Bitpay, which take bitcoins, sell them for dollars and then transfer the dollars to the merchant (or whatever the local currency is). The merchant then gives you a gift card that can only be used to transfer dollars to one company.
All you've done is basically given bitpay bitcoins to sell and then transfer dollars on your behalf.
This is no different than just directly cashing out your bitcoin profit into dollars and then using them, except bitpay are taking the percentage.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:30:22




Bitcoin is not automated, democratic or decentralized.
Voting power belongs to people with the most hashing power (which is funnily enough people far richer than the average person), people who make lots of money off bitcoin. What is their incentive going to be? To play fair and do whats best for everyone or to enrich themselves as much as possible regardless of the cost to others?
Bitcoin doesn't run automatically, it requires a group of people both to invest millions and continue to spend millions running mining gear, and it relies on those people to help decide changes to the currency in order to try to react to problems that come up.
It's also heavily centralized. There are individual mining groups that if the government took out would take out double digit percentage of all the hash power in the world.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:47:38


Can you link to it because I can't find it on their website.
Also they say that rootstock only scales up to 100 transactions a second so I don't know how you could claim that it can do thousands of tx a second
@_date: 2017-11-06 23:16:10


Gold isn't accepted anywhere as currency anymore. That's my point. Although since you said you don't think of Bitcoin as a currency I guess that point doesn't matter.


All the dollars in the world are worth far more than all the gold in the world, and all cryptocurrencies combined.
Each individual dollar being worth less doesn't matter because people have far more dollars now than they used to. A dollar being worth 90% less would only be a problem if people were still getting paid $1/hr.
For people who talk about the frangibility of bitcoin and how it can just be subdivided, you put an awful lot of stock in arbitrary unit value. A bitcoin is worth more than a dollar, but a cent (the smallest divisible unit of dollars) is worth thousands of times more than a satoshi (the smallest division of bitcoins). 
Should I be worried about how weak the satoshi is compared to the cent?
There are only 16 million bitcoins, even less in circulation. If you just come up with a new unit name for the equivalent in dollars (10.5 trillion dollars in the world / 16 million = $656,250), and call that the "superdollar", then the superdollar is worth far more than bitcoin.


you're talking about e-gold, I'm talking about debit card exchange services, the exact same type that people use for bitcoin, because actually transferring bitcoin takes too long.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:57:07
I'm not a programmer, and 1 person making thousands of transactions a second is not a realistic use case.  I'd' be interested to know if someone had tried even that level of test though, I can't find any data on the internet about it.
Can it handle 10 million people making 1 transaction every 10,000 seconds?
The difficulty with decentralization increases with scale, not just volume. 
There's no way they could test this level of scale with random unpaid volunteers. So either they haven't tested it, or they have but for some reason they haven't publish any data proving how great their tech is, which would be strange given that convincing everyone their tech is great is a major obstacle to getting it adopted.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:06:23
Apart from the black market, why would you buy any of those other things in bitcoin given the transaction fees and transaction time are much higher than with fiat currency?
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:05:00
why would you use bitcoins to buy dollars that can only be used in amazon when you could just use dollars instead?
@_date: 2019-02-12 14:03:23


What is the metric that matters most for a store of value, and how has bitcoin being doing on that metric?
@_date: 2017-11-05 13:10:39
"hold no matter what" isn't a strategy, its an emotion.
If you can predict the market then the best strategy is to sell just before dips and buy in at even more straight after.
If you don't know what bitcoin will be worth 2 months from now you have no idea what it will be worth 2 years from now.
@_date: 2017-11-30 13:40:56
It's just gambling at this point. If you have 3k you don't need and enjoy gambling on coins more than sports or penny stocks then go for it.
Any coin on the market could easily be worth double or half what it is now in 6 months.
If you actually want to invest your money then you need a diversified portfolio of which a small percentage can be in high-risk high-reward assets like cryptocurrency.
If your dream is to become a millionaire off a 3k investment then you can't gamble on established coins like bitcoin.
Bitcoin has gone from 6 cents to 11k. It's literally impossible for bitcoin to see that kind of rise again, because it would have to hit 2 billion a coin, and that would make the market cap many times more than all wealth on earth.
Anyone telling you they know what it going to happen is lying to you.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:46:08


Yeah, jewelry is a status symbol, its demand doesn't come from raw scarcity or utility. The fact that kings and queens have used gold for thousands of years has gold deeply ingrained in almost every culture on earth as a status symbol.
platinum is far rarer than gold, but there is very low demand for platinum wedding rings, because scarcity alone doesn't confer status.


Not so. I said 95% of the value comes from speculation. Massively over-valued doesn't mean its worthless. However the level of speculation and price volatility is preventing it from being used as a currency. No one wants to spend bitcoin when they're convinced holding it is going to make them a millionaire. The speculators mentality is deeply ingrained in the culture now, which is why you see so many posts about "thank you bitcoin for making me a millionaire" and "10 million a coin here we come!", and very few posts about actually using the currency.
Although bitcoin was the first coin to market, and the current market leader, it will almost certainly be overtaken by another more stable and useful coin.
Deflationary currencies are a terrible idea for the above reasons, and for the same reason gold ceased to be a useful currency. No one wants to spend a currency that is more profitable to hoard. Inflationary currencies work well because the incentive is to spend it rather than to hoard it. Currency is only a token of wealth, there is nothing productive in hoarding it. If a currency isn't changing hands its useless.


This goes directly counter to all the arguments about how it doesn't that bitcoin was never meant to be a currency its a store of value like gold.
@_date: 2017-11-07 20:46:01
It's not. That's why its not a great idea to invest in bitcoin based on how its performed in the past.
There's no reliable way to tell what the market is going to do.
But if you like gambling its a lot more exciting to potentially make 10,000% returns than 10%. $100 in 100 random cryptocoins probably won't make you any money, but its a lot more likely to make you a millionaire than $100 on bitcoin is.
If you want a sensible investment then no cryptocurrency is a good idea except as a small part of a much larger portfolio because the market is so volatile right now.
@_date: 2017-11-02 14:08:01
This is how awful gamblers think. "damn, why didn't I bet it all on 32-red, I would have made a fortune"
The same reason you didn't know bitcoin was going to go up is the same reason you don't know whats going to happen next. 
Buying not because you know what will happen, but because you regret not predicting the future in the past is not a sensible investment strategy.
@_date: 2017-11-06 15:30:25


you don't care about the price, but you got paid in bitcoin 4 years ago and kept hold of it even when it halved in value for a year, because what you really care about is all the revolutionary opportunities of being able to use a decentralized currency and not the dreams of becoming a multi-millionaire by just sitting on it?
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:36:01


You're confusing frangibility with overall supply.
Infinitely subdividing 1 doesn't give you any more than 1. 2 is still double 1 no matter how many divisions of 1 you make.
If you think there's no scarcity because of subdivisions then why do you think there is any limit on the number of coins?
Can you not tell the difference between infinite bitcoins and infinite divisions of a finite number of bitcoins?
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:08:45
Would you sell me your car for 10 trillion zimbabwean dollars?
Plenty of currencies have become worthless, and that's even when they had a government trying to force people to use it.
Bitcoin has no proprietary technology, no force of law saying it has to be accepted. If the only reason Bitcoin is the most popular is because its the one that is rising in value fastest, then its clearly possible for people to switch to another coin if that starts rising faster.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:45:30


Currency traders don't just buy up millions of dollars of currency and sit on it. 
The key word is currency trading, not currency speculation.
If you bought a million dollars of euros 15 years ago, you'd have less than a million dollars of euros today.


Which is what makes Bitcoins position incredibly precarious. If 95% of the value comes from speculation then 95% of the value will disappear once people can no profit from speculating on it.
I don't see how any of this is a good argument for how bitcoin is going to be worth $500k and not $0k.
@_date: 2017-11-02 13:35:56
Currency trading makes up a tiny minority of all users of currencies.
99.9% of people using dollars are not currency traders, they're customers and businesses who are buying and selling goods, which is what you need if you want a viable currency.
No currency trader is just buying millions of dollars of euros and then sitting on them waiting them to go up in value. Currencies aren't speculative assets. Currency trading involves taking advantage of short term fluctuations in the value of currencies which helps liquidity and price signalling for people who want to exchange one currency for another.
The vast majority of people who are buying bitcoin are not buying it to use as a currency, they're buying it as a speculative asset like gold
@_date: 2017-11-03 14:15:25


That's a question that already has an answer.
Bitcoin price has more than quintupled in the last 6 months, whilst daily transactions have seen no overall growth.
Meaning people are dumping more and more money into bitcoin despite no corresponding growth in the amount of people using it as a currency.
i.e. all the increase in price has come from people looking to speculate.
Speculation and price rises do not help adoption of a currency, they inhibit it by creating too much volatility. No one wants to get paid in a currency that might be worth half next month what it was worth this month. No one wants to spend a currency that might be worth double next week what it is worth today.
As of today there are almost no people using bitcoin as a real currency. There are people using it as an investment who might periodically sell off bitcoin to buy things in dollars, and then there are people who are using it as an intermediate on black markets, i.e. they use bitcoin as a way of transferring dollars.
If bitcoin could not be exchanged for dollars it would have basically no use
@_date: 2019-04-30 00:17:38


How is that relevant to the evidence about Tethers trustworthiness and potential insolvency I brought up?
Is an exchange that has never been publicly exposed as lying about a near billion dollar loss and accused its own payment processor of fraud is just as trustworthy as an exchange that has, because all businesses lie?


This is a 4th hand character argument. You're not disputing the evidence in question, you're not even disputing my character, you're disputing of the character of unnamed "fudsters" and vested interests on incidents from 3 years ago.
something isn't true or false just because of who said it right. evidence stands or falls on its own merits.


You keep saying this as if there haven't been several hundred million dollar frauds in crypto that the market never saw coming until it was too late. 


I thought the selling point of crypto was bypassing traditional finance gatekeepers through superior technology. "be your own bank", all that jazz.
If you're arguing "its not their fault, the big incumbents didn't play nice, you can't expect them to function without a bank account!" you're effectively arguing for their own obsolescence.
@_date: 2019-04-27 22:37:54


How does gold "need guards" but somehow Bitcoin doesn't need computer security experts?
Far more bitcoin has been seized, lost and stolen than gold in the last 10 years.
Of course, you can define bitcoin as perfectly 100% secure as long as you any time its seized and stolen you just say its the fault of whoever let it get seized or stolen. But you can play the same trick with anything. Gold is perfectly secure as long as you blame any time its stolen on someone not hiding it well enough.
There's a reason password recovery and 2FA are common security features, because the risk of things being unrecoverable is higher than the risk of those systems being abused, otherwise they wouldn't exist. Millions of bitcoins have already been lost, double digit percentages of all the bitcoins there will ever be.
Gold also isn't a particularly good store of value, its a volatile speculative asset. There are far more stable metals to invest in than gold.
@_date: 2017-11-30 14:28:46


That's not the argument.
The argument isn't that nothing will ever need adjusting and that anything that doesn't work straight away is doomed to fail.
I'm not arguing against the need for innovation or iterative design. I'm arguing against the opposite of that, of dogmatic loyalty to one idea.
 
To use your car analogy, Bitcoin is not the Model T, Satoshi is not Ford. Bitcoin is the Rivaz engine. The people I'm arguing against are the people that are saying that the Rivaz engine is the best engine design there could be, and all we need to do is improve that design and we will have the perfect car. In fact there's no problem with the Rivaz engine, it was never meant to power a car by itself, we just need an attachment to the Rivaz engine to make it work the way it was always meant to. Any other engine designs are shitengines and are just people trying to scam people who really want a Rivaz engine.
It's as ridiculous to assume that Bitcoin is the final word in currency as it would be to assume the Rivaz engine was the final word in automobiles. 
If Lightning fails to scale, do you honestly think that this community will sit back and go "oh no, that thing we were convinced would solve all bitcoins problems has failed, maybe bitcoin won't work after all, maybe we need to look at a different technology"? Or do you think they will just immediately switch to being convinced that some other solution will fix all of bitcoins problems. 
This is not the attitude of being open to innovation wherever it comes from. This is an attitude of trying to justify the ever increasing price of bitcoin no matter what. There is no underlying principle at work behind these arguments, its just use whatever is the most convenient explanation for why bitcoin needs to keep increasing in price. I would not be surprised if we start hearing "2nd layer solutions were never supposed to work by themselves" soon.
@_date: 2017-11-06 19:24:12
It's pretty impressive that you can't work out that frangibility and deflation are two separate things even when there already exist frangible inflationary cryptocurrencies
@_date: 2017-11-16 13:04:24


With no one processing transactions no transactions will happen.
It's entirely dependent on a tiny minority of miners, who are encouraged to form cartels because of the way bitcoin is randomly distributed.
@_date: 2017-11-07 22:14:47


That's a couple of percent inflation a year. 
That's much more tolerable in a currency than rapid deflation.
In the great depression there was a 35% contraction in the money supply, and it helped to collapse not only the banking system but the entire economy. The value of the dollar started rising and so no one wanted to spend it, everyone wanted to wait until it was more valuable. Sound familiar?
Slight inflation is useful for a currency because it encourages people to spend it instead of hoarding it waiting for it to go up in value. It's not useful to the economy for someone to hold onto money for 100 years and not spend it.
If you want to store money invest it in something. Money in itself has no value except as a medium of exchange.


Why do people keep telling me then that bitcoin is not meant to be a currency but a store of value like gold?


There's a finite limit of 21 million coins. That's not a fundamental property of the universe, its the number Satoshi happened to put in his code. That's artificial scarcity. The limit could have been set to 21 trillion coins or infinite coins if they wanted to.


That applies to every other cryptocoin. The difference is there aren't a bunch of people who believe that a dogecoin is going to be worth 10 million dollars in the near future so no one is interested in speculating on them.


I'm not sure what you think that I said that equates to "absolutely every fiat currency in the world is valuable and always will be".
@_date: 2017-11-03 15:28:21
The biggest challenge is trying to control the money supply in a way that is both resistant to manipulation but responsive to supply and demand.
Bitcoin is "decentralized" in name only. In reality it is highly centralized in mining conglomerates and exchanges. These have a strong influence over the future of Bitcoin, and also a direct financial incentive to influence things in their favor. How useful Bitcoin is as currency is secondary to their interests in making money off bitcoin. What makes bitcoin a good investment opportunity makes it a bad currency, and vice versa.
Miners do not want Bitcoin to become a stable currency because that means their hoards of bitcoins stop appreciating in value and they're left with millions of dollars invested in skimming a small percentage of transaction fees.
The way Bitcoins reward structure was created heavily subsidizes miners at the moment. Miners make far more money off coins than processing transactions, but that means once all coins are mined the incentive to keep mining will plummet and the incentive to switch to other coins offering rewards will skyrocket.
Coins like IOTA and Ethereum seem to have better structures for a healthier mining ecosystem, although they have their issues too.
@_date: 2019-04-29 09:02:53


People can't keep saying things like this with no evidence of it happening.
Venezuela has a population of 30 million. If even 5% of the population was using bitcoin for every day trading either the on-chain transactions would be overloaded or things like Lightning would be hugely popular.
As of now there have never been more than 5,000 concurrent users of Lightning. Those are bad numbers for a free to play MMO, let alone a national/global currency.
Zimbabwe still doesn't have a functional national currency and yet there's no sign of any meaningful amount of adoption. 
"someday soon" is a vague wish, not an analysis. If bitcoin/lightning in its current state can't compete with the absolute worst fiats in the world, what exactly is going to happen so that it can compete with the best?


You can use cigarettes and ramen noodles as currency over fiat. just because something can be used doesn't mean its ever going to be competitive or be mass adopted.
The fact we have a video of someone using crypto in Venezuela, shows that mass adoption isn't happening not because they can't use it, but because its not competitive, even over the Bolivar which is currently the worst fiat in the world
@_date: 2017-11-04 18:46:02
If you can actually predict the market why wouldn't you just sell right before a price crash and then use the profits to buy even more?
If you can't predict the market you're just gambling. Which is fine, but don't pretend there's any strategy to it.
@_date: 2017-11-16 16:04:04
It's not an argument, its just an insult. No one changed their mind because some random person called them stupid.
It has no power to inform anyone, let alone persuade. No one reading this exchange is thinking "I wasn't sure what to think before but now I'm convinced because one person called the other dumb".
It's better if you just admit you don't have an argument but ideas that conflict with what you already think make you feel uncomfortable so you feel like putting other people down to make yourself feel better.
@_date: 2017-11-02 16:03:28
Its true that the more coins that are mined, the more work it takes to mine a coin. Whilst the amount of coins being produced is decreasing, the value of bitcoins is still increasing, and they make far more money from mining the coins than they do from transaction fees.
The higher the price of bitcoin the more money they make for each coin produced.
When it comes to votes on the future of Bitcoin, these mining groups have a huge amount of influence, and their incentives are all aligned to make sure they continue to make as much money as possible.
Transaction fees don't make a lot of money, and they're limited by the number of transactions happening, and there currently aren't many daily transactions because not many people are actually using bitcoin on a daily basis.
This is part of the reason why small transactions take so long to go through on bitcoin. They make a greater amount off processing large transactions so their incentive is to prioritize the largest transactions in the system.
these are the kind of perverse incentives that will cripple wider adoption of bitcoin.
 
@_date: 2019-04-29 23:03:52


They told the NYAG they suspected CCC of behaving fraudulently in private and told their customers something else. Private chats show they were panicking about withdrawals stacking up at the same time they were telling their customers there was no problems with withdrawals, unless we're saying its more likely that the NYAG are fabricating evidence than it is for an exchange to be run by shady people.
how would any of those lies help facilitate "attempting to do things the legacy industries do not like"? Is lying to your customers not scamming them if you're doing it for the right reasons?
They said they would get regular audits. Either they lied and had no intention of getting regular audits or they're incompetent and promised regular audits on billions of dollars without knowing it wasn't feasible, and continued to lie for years afterwards and promise them even when they knew they were not feasible given their "unorthodox methods". Either way they're not trustworthy holders of billions of dollars.


Was it? I never heard anyone claim they didn't have a specific amount of money. Could you link me to one of these people who said they definitely have less than $850m dollars?


I already addressed the part about "market confidence" but you didn't seem to deem it worthy of a direct response. The rest is not an argument that addresses any of the pieces of evidence, its a character attack to try and dismiss points of evidence as "shrill" and hysteric without actually addressing their validity and presenting counter-evidence. That kind of argument is not persuasive to anyone with a brain.
@_date: 2017-11-02 15:50:31
Part of the problem is that bitcoin was designed to give big rewards to early adopters in order to encourage people to start mining the coin.
This created a culture from the very start where people's incentive to get into bitcoin was to make money off it, rather than to use it as a currency.
This is especially bad when a small number of mining conglomerates have a huge amount of power in deciding the future of the currency. They make a huge amount of their money off appreciation of bitcoin, and very little off transaction fees, so their primary focus is on things that will keep bitcoins price increasing rather than things that will increase the use of the currency.
They have no financial interest in seeing bitcoin stabilize. And once all the coins are mined, their incentive will be to use their mining equipment to mine other currencies rather than to let that investment go to waste making a small percentage of transaction fees.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:54:19
Google daily bitcoin transactions and then google a graph of price and then tell me the massive price surge in the past year has come from more people using the currency.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:01:37


Units are important when it comes to the economic forces that shape speculative bubbles.
Setting a "bitcoin" as the default unit of the currency has an important psychological effect. Because a bitcoin is such a high percentage of total bitcoins it allowed the "value" of bitcoin to surpass the value of a dollar very early on, which translates in peoples heads as "bitcoins are more valuable than dollars". It also hits other important psychological landmarks like "bitcoin is worth more than an ounce of gold now" or "bitcoin is worth more than a car now".
Except the entire market cap of bitcoin is a tiny fraction of the entire market cap of dollars, and its completely arbitrary to set 21 millionth as the default unit. A bitcoin is not equivalent to a dollar any more than a satoshi is.
If "satoshi" was the default unit, then you would not be seeing any of these posts about OMG SATOSHI JUST HIT $0.001!!! TO THE MOOON!!!


I don't see our comments as in opposition. There was no need for me to repeat what you already said.
I don't see how it doesn't add more information to point that gold isn't just valuable because its scarce, and the artificial scarcity of bitcoin makes it a completely different economic animal to something like gold which is naturally scarce and has no fixed limit.
@_date: 2019-04-27 15:47:25
The OP seems to be confusing two separate points, one is if you keep hold of your money then you can't lose it if a 3rd party goes insolvent, the other is whether financial shocks cause a drop in the value of a currency or not.
There is no inherent relation between the two. You can keep USD under your mattress or in a bank, neither will help you if the USD suddenly halves in value.
Likewise you can keep BTC in an exchange or on a paper wallet, neither will help you if BTC suddenly halves in value.
"if you don't leave your money in institutions then you can't lose it if those institutions go bankrupt" is not some new idea.
@_date: 2019-04-27 23:15:25


Tell that to every exchange, every desktop, every software and hardware wallet that got hacked.
Maybe you should set up your own exchange if you think you can never get robbed or hacked with bitcoin without any security expertise. You could make billions!


This is good for Bitcoin.
It's a shame Bitcoin wasn't designed to just exponentially decrease in quantity. Every satoshi could have been set to self-decrease by halfs every 200 blocks. Then Bitcoin would be deflating at an even higher rate! If hyper-inflation is bad then by definition hyper-deflation must be good.
@_date: 2019-04-26 14:05:16
Isn't merchant adoption a better indicator of economic activity?
Lots of things can show up as transactions/outputs that aren't actual economic activity. Wash trading, people/bots spamming the network, or even just exchanges/individuals moving coin from one address to another.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:27:14
I meant unrealistic in the sense of doesn't map to the real world, not that it couldn't be simulated.
In the real world you have millions of people with a small number of wallets rather than a small number of people with millions of wallets. 
Even that would still be useful test data, even though you could make it a very simplified test (every wallet always has enough money to open channels with everyone, everyone is making balanced payments, everyone is only making transfers in the easiest way to route possible, no one is disconnecting mid payment, no one is trying to exploit security holes etc).
Where's the test data?
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:57:08


Moneys value comes from facilitating trade, and keeping yourself out of prison.
Bitcoin is not better at facilitating trade, and you can't pay your taxes in it, let alone being required to pay your taxes in it.
"nothing has intrinsic value" is a truism. it doesn't mean all subjective value is the same.


Why would the internet need to collapse?  All that would need to collapse is the incentive for people to stop using bitcoin and start using another coin.
Did the internet need to collapse for netscape navigator to die off? or for myspace to get eclipsed by facebook?
Not to mention myspace never threatened the government monopoly on a vital economic resource. 


All of that is based on centralized government infrastructure. Governments can just switch off the internet if they want to.
Decentralized internet faces the same problem as decentralized banking : scale and speed. Centralization is efficient, fast and cheap.
@_date: 2019-04-27 22:20:50
Tether/BFX just lost 850 million dollars, are being sued by the New York Attorney General and have billions more in liabilities.
If that kind of FUD is becoming repetitive you might want to question why these things keep happening in a movement that was supposed to remove the need for corrupt and volatile financial institutions.
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:13:53




I don't see what cause you're trying to tie that to.
I specifically said that the fact increasing the money supply makes each individual dollar worth less doesn't matter when you can just be paid more dollars, which is what happens, because you're paid based on value not on some arbitrary number.
If you decrease the money supply the same thing happens, the value of a unit of currency might go up but people just get paid less in return, its not a free money machine.
How is that "back to front" and what does a "front to back" causation look like? 
@_date: 2019-04-08 21:56:25
Why would you get off your ass and produce value when you could have just bough 10,000 BTC in 2008 for the price of a pizza and then never have to work again for the rest of your life?
Being a wage cuck is for weak hands and people who don't know how to HODL
@_date: 2019-04-27 15:19:03


When Mt Gox went down was the rest of the ecosystem just fine?
If so the bar for things being "just fine" seems very low.
In the 2008 financial crash several large banks collapsed and the US dollar didn't drop anywhere near as much as Bitcoin did when Mt Gox went insolvent.
@_date: 2019-04-29 22:16:51


Markets can never be irrational so this proves there's no problem.
Just like all those people warning of an impending financial crisis in 2007 were clearly FUDsters because the market showed the price of houses and credit default swaps has never been better.


How is ~~losing~~ *safeguarding* $850,000,000 a temporary problem? You think they're going to get it back? Or they just print more IOUs and we're golden?
You don't think the fact the owners have clearly lied many times and have never had a successful audit despite claiming they would have regular audits is cause for concern?
@_date: 2019-04-27 14:16:42
How is this "stopping bank runs"?
The percentage of exchanges that have become insolvent has been far higher than the number of banks that have become insolvent in the same period.
"well you shouldn't keep your coins in an exchange"
okay well then don't keep your money in a bank. that doesn't mean you're stopping bank runs just because you don't keep your money in a bank.
@_date: 2019-04-29 00:55:01


Bitcoin has existed for over 10 years now.
Venezuela has been in some level of economic crisis for about that entire time, though especially bad in the last few years.
The Bolivar is almost as close to useless as a fiat can get before people just start burning it as fuel instead of trying to buy things with it.
Exactly what is going to have to happen and how long will it take before bitcoin sees more use than the Bolivar in Venezuela?
@_date: 2019-04-16 13:04:12


The theoretical maximum supply is irrelevant. Functional supply is what matters to the market. There is more gold in the solar system than there is water on earth. An ounce of gold is not valued as a percentage of all the maximum supply of gold on earth, the solar system or universe. The fact that 100 years from now gold might be as plentiful as water does not mean an ounce of gold is only worth as much as water.
Even if you believe the maximum supply can never be changed, which it already has been, it wouldn't be hit for over 100 years, and if you believe people will still be using bitcoin in 100 years time I have a bridge to sell you.
@_date: 2018-03-17 14:36:11


I mean its literally the definition of rent-seeking, its why its called rent seeking even though it applies to other actions apart from literally charging rent. But lets explore this idea:
The classical example of rent-seeking is the river-toll. A man builds a chain-boom across a river that's a popular trade route. The man charges a fee to raise the chain boom to let ships pass. If you don't pay you can't use the river for trade, because the man bought that stretch of river and built the chain boom so you can only pass legally with his permission. You can make all the same types of argument here:








All of this ignores that the toll man is not producing any value, he is simply bleeding off value from others and then pretending that because doing such is still profitable for each party, that profit is a sign of value generated. all but the most brain dead of rent-seekers will come up with an explanation of why their toll is in fact a voluntary value-providing service, not extortion.
In fact worse than just profiting while not creating value, he has devoted time and resources into making trade less efficient, which effectively means he has generated anti-wealth. He has built something that both wastes resources and decreases the efficiency of wealth generation, yet he is rewarded with profit, and since he has monopoly control over the river he can charge as high a margin as possible until people decide to stop trading by ship and go by land instead, which means he can pocket nearly all the gains of efficiency the river naturally provides so long as he doesn't charge so much that its cheaper to go by land.
If instead of building the chain boom, the riverman could just buy a piece of paper that would force ships to pay him annual rent or else go to prison for trespassing, would this somehow now not be rent-seeking because its done with a piece of paper and threat of prison rather than a physical chain? What wealth does that piece of paper generate?
The land-monopoly system is just another chain boom, except you don't need to buy a chain, just a piece of paper. You can buy legal permission to block someone from using land despite you not creating the land, or doing anything to make the land valuable, despite never using the land, or ever setting foot on or even seeing the land. Your profit only comes because someone now has to pay you to use the land, whereas if you had never bought it, and it was simply unowned, then they wouldn't have to pay anyone and could put it to productive use. This is why we named this type of behavior rent-seeking, because its the most blatant example of attempting to increase your share of wealth whilst doing nothing to create wealth.


There were land bubbles before any meaningful legal restrictions on house building existed. The early American frontier was full of them, even when there was still free land up for grabs, because people realized that if you grabbed land in a place that was going to become a city, you could turn $100 of land into $10,000 with no effort, an then you could take that $10,000 and buy another 100 $100 plots of land, so there were huge profits to be made in buying up land in the right place. 
There were huge bubbles and crashes in land price during the construction of the Pacific Railroad, because land speculators weren't sure where cities would grow around the railroad. land values became heavily inflated but lots crashed when people realized that no one wanted to live there. 
You have to ask where does the economic incentive to restrict housing development come from? It's not from people who make money building houses. People who make money building houses want to build as many houses as possible. It's land/property owners who lobby for restrictions on building because it makes land more valuable, and building too much housing drops the value of land because one of the main reasons people want land is to put a house on it. 
Once permission to build a house has been granted, then most of the value change on land has already occurred. House builders make a tiny profit margin compared to land speculators. The profit margin on building houses is very low because its a competitive market with no real supply restrictions, which drives price down to cost. The supply restriction is the supply of land with permission to build, not the supply of bricks. This is what creates the incentive not to build houses, because its more profitable to use money to buy more land than to build more houses. Once you have amassed a large portfolio of properties, you only sell one once it has appreciated properly (either because it has been granted legal permission to build or because that area has become in demand). There's no reason to sell all the land off at once for development because most of it won't be profitable yet, you have to wait until its become worth more than you paid for. Once you have enough land there is always a slow trickle of land becoming highly profitable to sell, which explains why they don't flood the market and why land prices don't crash even though there's millions of acres of unused land that isn't making them any money that they could supposedly sell off to get money for. 


this doesn't hold when you have a monopoly. It's the same reason the De Beers corporation only released a small trickle of diamonds they mined. the profit margin for each diamond was greatly increased when they only released a small % onto the market at one time. the same holds true for land. [Land banking is based on the concept that land speculators will hold land over long periods of time and only sell the most profitable pieces]( both governments and private individuals engage in it. 
@_date: 2018-03-25 17:55:30


If people keep using smaller and smaller divisions of bitcoin to compensate for deflation, then those who own 80% of bitcoins already will never have to give up all their bitcoins unless they're intent on spending money faster than deflation.
If you have $1,000,000 at 5% deflation (and some bitcoin holders own billions in bitcoin), you make the equivalent of $50,000 a year just sitting on your hands. if you only spend $49,000 equivalent then the total value of your money will increase in value the equivalent of $1,000 a year (and $1,050 the next year, and so on). You will never own less than $1,000,000 equivalent.
The idea that at some point they will have to distribute all their money to other people isn't factoring the compounding effects of deflation. If you keep decreasing your wealth by amounts smaller than your wealth is appreciating, you aren't seeing any absolute decrease in wealth, and eventually the amounts you're decreasing your decreasing your wealth by will cease to make any meaningful % difference.
If bitcoin worked like people think it would then it would set up all those who are now holding most of the worlds bitcoin in a position where they never have to work again and can profit from simply trickling off smaller and smaller amounts of the worlds money supply, profiting off the hard work of others.
Fortunately currency doesn't work like that, its just trade tokens, and people will just use other ones instead of impoverishing themselves to keep using a deflationary currency. During the Great Depression people were already starting to abandon dollars in favor of barter, and there was only 10% deflation at its peak, and barter is a really sucky and inefficient way of trading. Now we live in a global economy, people just instantly start using another currency the second one becomes unusable. USD is now the most popular currency in Zimbabwe for that reason.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:59:22
Search traffic means more than daily transactions?
Cuz everyone who googles "whats bitcoin" must be a bitcoin user. It's not like most bitcoins are just sitting unused.
@_date: 2018-03-13 19:21:47
Why would you just type the headline in the body instead of actually sourcing a link?
@_date: 2018-03-07 16:05:01
How does a bunch of people investing in an index fund with no desire or ability to ever use Bitcoin as a currency help it?
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:08:42


It's been 5 years and I've still never seen anywhere accepting bitcoin IRL
Fewer of the top 500 US retailers are accepting bitcoin now than in 2014
@_date: 2018-03-04 16:25:35


This is why I'm going to fork bitcoin with only a 1 BTC limit, with 0.000001 BTC rewarded every block, with the reward halving every block.
bitcoin is guaranteed to decrease in value relative to my fork, it will have a much higher rate of inflation.
@_date: 2018-03-05 23:07:38


Too small : irrelevant since you can alloy gold to whatever percentage you want. You could make a coin with 10 cents of gold the size of a pizza.
durability : again, alloys make this irrelevant. There have never been any pure gold coins, pure gold is too soft for coins, they have always been alloys. A hard gold alloy is far more durable than a copper, brass, nickel or zinc coin.  
too heavy : gold has one of the lowest weight to value ratios of any metal suitable for coinage, its not like carrying a 10 cent lead bar. If gold is "too heavy" then copper, zinc, nickel and steel are far too heavy.


Modern coin making techniques have made this infeasible. A hard low percentage gold alloy would cost far more to try and chip and melt down than you could profit from, and the intricacy of modern coinage means you can't meaningfully remove any material without destroying one of the many security features of the coin, which then make it worthless as a coin since people can't trust its real.


you're inverting the causal relationship here for some reason. I didn't say the usability makes it valuable. I'm addressing the deflationist claim that people would much prefer to both accept and spend an appreciating currency than a depreciating one. If that's true then it should be more in use as it gets more valuable. non-issues of durability and weight shouldn't matter next to the allure of a non-inflationary currency.


It's already long since passed the point of ever being usable. The last gold coins for circulation were minted in the 30s and they were already mostly being hoarded at that point anyway, and they were quickly withdrawn from circulation.
If we see 100 years of supply and demand trends reverse, and gold becomes more affordable than copper, zinc, steel etc for coins then yes I would expect to see a return to gold coinage. The only way I could see this happening is if we started asteroid mining gold or someone works out a cheap way of extracting gold from seawater.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:01:25
better to die a hodler than to live as a sodler.
if you can even call it living.
@_date: 2018-03-07 21:50:19
Andreas even gets corrected within 1 reply:
AA : Transactions aren't down, its batching! Do some research!
Sergej Kotliar : Actually here's some data showing transactions are down even accounting for batching.
AA: I have no problems drawing conclusions from correct analysis. I have a problem with sensationalist clickbait.
@_date: 2018-03-19 13:12:02
Silk road was shut down in October, reopened and then shut finally on the 6th of November 2013.
On the 6th of November, the price was $253. The price didn't peak until December 4th at $1147. 
It didn't drop below $253 until January 2015. It was above the price when silk road shut down for all of that time.
Silk road being closed had nothing to do with the drop or rally.
Maybe you would know that if you did "more than the basic clique research".
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:22:51
Tell me what?
The developers only just released a software version they said was safe enough to use, and even then, only in small amounts
@_date: 2018-03-04 19:22:30


Hoarding is not generating any wealth, especially hoarding something that has no use unless you can persuade someone to give you something for it. Gains are coming from speculators persuading other speculators to pay 10x for something they paid 1 for, by telling them that it will be worth another 10x in the future.
You're describing a pyramid scheme, not a currency. It only works for as long as you have new investors to pay money to the previous investors for the promise of future investors paying you. 


Aside for the small number of people who hoarded millions of bitcoins in the first few years, how its performed over 9 years is irrelevant. It's how its going to perform in the future that matters. It's impossible for bitcoin to see the same gains it has in the last 9 years in the next 9 years, it would require more wealth than exists on the entire planet to do so.


Or you paid $19,000 for something that is now worth $11,000 because you believed you were going to be able to sell it for $38,000
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:32:28
When most economists are talking about deflation and inflation they're talking about prices, not quantity of currency. You can't tell the purchasing power of a currency simply by its supply alone, its relative to its demand.
The terms monetary contraction and expansion are preferred when talking about the overall amount of currency, because its possible for the quantity of currency to rise while its value rises (i.e. prices fall - deflation), and for the quantity of currency to decrease while its value decreases (i.e. relative prices rise - inflation).
Although the latter is fairly rare since it requires the quantity of currency to decrease while the amount of trade in that currency decreases faster.
Inflation of prices happens when the quantity of currency increases relative to the quantity of goods and services being traded. This can happen either because the quantity of currency increases and the quantity of trade stays the same, or because the quantity of currency stays the same and the quantity of trade decreases.
@_date: 2018-03-24 19:36:27
We're nowhere near hitting any of those limits.
98% of gold on the surface of the earth is in the ocean, not on land, and we haven't even mined all the gold on land yet.
Even once we've mined all gold on earth, which we're hundreds, if not thousands of years away from doing, then there is far more gold in the asteroid belt than on earth. even once all that is mined we could harness nuclear fusion to make more gold from more abundant elements.
 
As long as we keep making new things to trade we'll need to keep makings tokens to trade them with.
a fixed supply of trade tokens only makes sense when there is a fixed amount of trade
@_date: 2018-03-11 16:18:03
What organization is going to be responsible for building a multi-quadrillion+ dollar dyson sphere and then equally distributing ownership to every person on earth?
Why would we even need currency at that point? Everyone would have access to a practically unlimited amount of wealth if they owned a fraction of a dyson sphere. A dyson sphere could harness 400 septillion watts of power a second. That's 3.6 billion years of current global power consumption every second. At least according to the numbers I just googled without rigorously fact checking.
If that organization was powerful and trusted enough to harness a huge percentage of the worlds resources to build a dyson sphere and then distribute the proceeds equally, why don't they just run a currency that doesn't require proof of work and then use the power of the sun to generate goods and services rather than waste it on proof of work?
@_date: 2018-03-01 13:37:19
@_date: 2018-03-03 14:29:10


I don't see how this isn't a valid criticism.
If someone says "bitcoin is the most popular/best because it has the biggest market cap", they then can't turn around and say "market cap doesn't matter" when someone points out their relative share of market cap has decreased significantly.
Either market cap is a valid metric or its not. It can't be valid when it says what you want and invalid when it says something you don't.
@_date: 2018-03-12 23:57:38


When I say correct I mean in equilibrium with the demand for currency to trade goods and services so the value of currency to goods and services remains constant.
If you imagine a super simplified economy, with 100 tokens and 100 tons of steel, you need to create/withdraw 1 token for every 1 ton of steel produced/destroyed, otherwise you lose the ability for 1 token to represent 1 ton of steel. If you keep making steel but stop making new tokens then each token now represents a greater amount of steel. If you keep making tokens but stop making steel, each unit of steel now has a greater number of tokens to represent it.
On an individual level it is clear why a steel seller wouldn't want to accept fewer and fewer tokens as he produced more and more steel, and why a consumer wouldn't want to have to pay more and more tokens for the same amount of steel. 
However, there is a fundamental difference between deflation and inflation which is rent-seeking. It's impossible to rent seek on an inflationary currency. The only way you can make money from inflationary currency is by making profitable trades. This keeps the functioning of the profit motive in tact, even at high levels of inflation.
Deflation immediately corrodes the functioning of the profit motive by making hoarding more profitable than wealth generation, which is a zero-sum transfer of wealth. If you have 5% deflation, and a factory that creates 4.9% return on investment, then selling the factory for cash is more profitable than keeping it running, especially since deflation decreases the value of the factory in cash over time. Inflation has no equivalent where you can make more money by not generating wealth. This kind of deflationary spiral is fundamentally different to an inflationary spiral.


Exactly right. Arguments against deflation don't somehow justify inflation. Both inflation and deflation create distortions in economies.
USD is in slight over-supply in the US (roughly 2% greater supply-velocity of dollars than demand per year), but its in heavy undersupply in Zimbabwe because supply and demand is not uniform across economies. Recently USD was increasing 3% a month in Zimbabwe, a very high rate of deflation. 
This is why referring to increasing or decreasing money supply as "inflationary" or "deflationary" is not helpful if you're referring to purchasing power/pricing. Supply of currency alone tells you nothing about purchasing power, its relative to the demand in goods and services being traded with it. It's a dynamic function not a static one. Monetary expansion and contraction are less ambiguous terms if you want to refer to an increase or decrease in the money supply, and more commonly used in economic theory.


This only works in a very simplified abstract case that ignores particular elements of supply and demand.
People often refer to gold as a "deflationary" currency, but there is no supply limit on gold. We mine far more gold than ever before.
Gold is "deflationary" not because it decreases in supply, but because the rate supply increases is lower than the rate demand increases, because of supply inelasticity. There is no shortage of gold. 98% of the gold on the surface of the planet is in the ocean, not land, we haven't even begun to tap the earths potential for gold, but supply cannot increase very fast because it takes time to develop new mining technology. If the price of gold gets high enough eventually it will be profitable to mine ocean water for gold, but that is not a practical amount of time to wait for a currency, so we just use other things rather than gold.


Bitcoin supply halves every 210,000 blocks. I realize the term "supply" is ambiguous because people use it to refer to total quantity as well as supply rate. 
I wasn't saying supply would have to exponentially decrease, but that supply will exponentially decrease, and as such it would have to be hyper-deflationary for as long as supply was exponentially decreasing at the same time demand was exponentially increasing, which even at the current rate would take many decades, which would make it basically unusable for all that time. The next supply halving is going to have a catastrophic effect on the speculative cycles so far dominating the market.
@_date: 2018-03-02 14:49:46


So you can't just say "decentralization" when asking what problem bitcoin solves. You need to actually explain why the form of decentralization bitcoin offers matters more than all the other now abandoned currencies that also offered decentralization.


So fixed supply matters more than decentralization? What problem does fixed supply solve, that isn't already solved?


I never said it has to solve a specific problem, I asked for an example of any problem it solves that isn't speculation, money laundering or black markets. And I'm being generous by saying speculation is solving any problem.
And when I say solves I mean actually solves right now, not theoretically solves in the future, since anyone can just claim that all the problems with bitcoin will be fixed in the future.
@_date: 2018-03-23 13:28:51


Store of value that lost half its value in the last 3 months?
What do you think is the definition of a store of value?
@_date: 2018-03-24 12:04:16


And the white paper doesn't mention anything about it being a store of value. It only talks about it being a P2P currency and that's what Satoshi intended it to be.
Maybe I'm not reading it right but I don't really see how what you said was a direct response to anything I said.
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:20:10
How is the incentive to hoard going to disappear as supply keeps halving to nothing?
During the most recent gold bubble, supply never decreased, it increased the entire time, it just didn't increase as fast as demand was increasing. Yet there was still a strong incentive to hoard as prices increase, even though there's trillions of dollars of gold in the market.
Imagine how bad the gold bubble would be if instead of increasing, the gold supply kept halving.
Gold is already too deflationary to be used as currency despite the fact supply is at record highs.
The difference is, there is strong underlying demand for gold jewelry (52% of demand for gold), and a naturally scarce supply, which ensures that when the speculative bubbles burst its still worth something.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:06:13
If halvening is a good thing why doesn't it halve every 110,000 blocks instead of 210,000?
If the less bitcoin there is the better, would it be even better to have a self-halvening bitcoin, where every bitcoin became half of itself every 110,000 blocks?
@_date: 2018-03-11 23:47:15


deflation doesn't magic value from nowhere. It comes at the expense of goods and services being worth less. 
If you have $600 in cash and a $100,000 house then 10% deflation is costing you $10,000, 10% inflation is costing you $60. Deflation is only a good thing if you plan to keep all your wealth in cash. If you actually want to invest your wealth in things you can make use of and live in then deflation makes you poorer over time, just like inflation makes you poorer over time if you keep all your wealth in cash.
Given that the only purpose of currency is to facilitate the trade of goods and services, its self-defeating to reward for people keeping their wealth sitting idle as pieces of paper and 1s and 0s on a computer instead of using it to generate wealth through trade. 
I don't know about you but I only care about money because I can trade it for things that benefit my life. Having more money does nothing to help me, money is just a way of getting stuff, and once I have stuff I value I don't want its value to constantly decrease because of deflation.


A greater percentage of bitcoins have been seized than currency, or comparative assets like gold. Over 1 in 16 bitcoins have been seized by governments, and that isn't including ones stolen in hacks, which is an even greater amount.
So we get to "that's not bitcoins fault, they were improperly stored, people were compelled to give up their keys, they fucked up by writing their passwords down, they should have just memorized it and if they forgot its because they're idiots", which is comparing an unachievable hypothetical level of security compared to an actual real world level of security. You're in effect saying that even though in practice bitcoin gets seized and stolen more, its really more secure because in theory its more secure, even though in practice its actually not.
Cryptography is not the weak link in any theft, fraud or seizure. It's irrelevant if you think on paper cryptography makes it more secure when in reality it doesn't. Things like irreversibly of transfers makes bitcoin much more susceptible to theft and fraud than whether you can break cryptography, which is why the actual evidence of which gets stolen more shows bitcoin is less secure, because it requires trading on the internet and computers and that's where the vulnerability is.
Fiat is protected from this vulnerability by having government protections mandated on interchange networks and payment processors that require them to refund you if someone tries to steal or defraud you. And they have the power to reverse theft and fraud because its a centrally controlled system.


You have this backwards. Cash is completely anonymous, unfreezable and unsurveillable.
Bitcoin has a public record of every transaction, intelligence agencies are doing blockchain analysis as we speak to work out where money is moving hands, and the government can decide to mark any funds as the result of illegal activity and give basically any exchange in the world a legal duty to report anyone trying to use them, which makes them very close to worthless.
@_date: 2018-03-20 23:42:08
Spreading hatred through the raising of points and questions, rather than the pure love and understanding of just dismissing any criticism via character argument. 
One of us has made our minds up already and decided they don't need to hear or address any challenges, the other is open to being challenged with argument and evidence. Guess which one you are.
@_date: 2018-03-23 14:09:20


It hadn't lost any value in December. It's much better now, after its lost half its value in 3 months? How do you know its not going to lose half its value again in the next 3 months?
You can't say something is a store of value because it hasn't lost any value for a few weeks.




Neither of those things are relevant. How valuable it was in the past does not effect how well it can store value right now.
"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved."
Volatility is directly contradictory to something being a store of value.
@_date: 2018-03-06 20:47:24


In 2013, 5 out of the top 500 US retailers accepted bitcoin. Now its 3. Some progress in 5 years. 
Call me when its actually becoming more useful as a currency, not less. 
The level of denialism of the problems deflation causes ranges from "its just growing pains, Lighting will solve everything" to outright "bitcoin was never meant to be a currency, it was always meant to be a store of value, read the whitepaper! I mean don't because it explicitly says its meant to be a P2P currency that could scale".
In 10 years dollars will still be accepted everywhere in the US as a currency. I'd be worried about 2% inflation if I was dim witted enough to just keep large amounts of cash lying about rather than investing them in things that produce wealth or at the very least don't depreciate.
I don't need currency to be a "store of value", I need it to trade goods and services. If I want a store of value I'll buy one with currency, but I'd buy one with more basis than just speculation on artificial scarcity. Hell at least gold is naturally scarce even if it still attracts speculative bubbles.
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:07:35
price goes up? proof the market sees value in bitcoin
price goes down? Great, bitcoin is on sale, BUY THE DIP! that previous price spike was unsustainable and slow sustainable growth will be better in the long run
daily transactions go up? proof adoption of bitcoin is growing
daily transactions go down? this is proof bitcoin is scaling, all those transactions where just inefficient batching, now bitcoin is even more efficient than before, adoption is still going up.
checkmate shitcoiners.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:44:11
Care to actually make a point rather than just accuse me of being ignorant?
When I say "clear value" I actually mean real value currently existing, not hypothetical value once Lightning magically fixes all of the deeply entrenched problems with adoption.
I'm well aware of the existing hype about how much better than bitcoin is going to be, I'm asking for examples of what its better for now.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:37:22
The two most popular online resources in the world, google and wikipedia list deflation as:


reduction of the general level of prices in an economy.
"a time of high unemployment and deflation"
Economists use the terms monetary expansion and contraction when talking about an increase or decrease in the overall quantity of currency in order to avoid confusion, although some people still refer to increasing the money supply as "inflation" even though its possible to have deflation while the money supply increases and vice versa.
Prices come about as a dynamic between currency and trade, its relative to both the supply and demand of currency, you can't know whether a currency is inflationary or deflationary simply by looking at the supply, you have to look at supply relative to demand.
Currencies that increase in supply faster than demand will be inflationary, currencies where either demand exceeds supply or supply falls below demand will be deflationary.
Bitcoin won't see an overall decrease in supply for many years, but its deflationary because the supply is fixed and the demand is higher than that supply, at least in the long term. Speculative cycles cause the demand to both rise above and fall below supply at different times. Because supply is fixed, there is no mechanism to increase supply when demand is high or decrease it when demand is low, which exacerbates the boom-bust speculative cycles since it switches from being over-supplied and under-supplied, rather than maintaining an equilibrium supply via pricing.
@_date: 2018-03-20 18:41:33
I'm not sure what you think needs explaining, those are two separate questions.
Large trade networks like Amazon and eBay already have a system where you can amortize transaction costs by pre-committing a larger amount of funds to their network.
But since transactions costs are eaten by sellers, not buyers, its Amazon and eBay who see the profit from those systems, and they make up a small % of overall trade.
Amazon and eBay could set up a shared gift card that works on both trade networks, but they don't want to, because they're competitors.
If there was a strong demand for the marginal discount that amortizing transaction costs provided they could offer a discount for paying with gift cards to encourage people to load their Amazon account with $100-1000 rather than just buying things one at a time.
There's no demand for that though because its a negligible amount of money compared to the inflexibility of tying money to one trade network.
@_date: 2018-03-26 12:47:07
Only a tiny percentage of currencies in history have ever been hyper-inflated. It's not even close to "every world currency in history".
Why would it be a matter of time before the dollar goes down the same route? Because the US decides its a good idea to destroy its own currency? The vast majority of fiat currencies have never been hyper-inflated.
also almost all of those hyper-inflated currencies were replaced by other fiat currencies.
@_date: 2018-03-04 22:34:30


Somehow I feel like you're not going to change your mind about anything even though the evidence shows the opposite of what you thought is true.


So the scarcity of an element has nothing to do with its price? It would be worth the same whether there were a trillion tons of gold or 1 ton?
You just said gold was valuable because of its scarcity:


If that's true, explain why platinum, which is 3x scarcer than gold, is worth less than gold.
Price is set by supply and demand. Gold is more valuable than platinum because even though there's 3x as much gold as platinum there's more than 3x as much demand for gold than platinum, mainly because of how much more in demand gold jewelry is but also because gold has more uses in electronics and other industries.
Nothing is valuable just because its rare.
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:47:29
So whats the use case? Don't just say something like "microtransactions", there are already systems to handle that, explain what need LN would be filling that can't be filled with existing technology.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:42:02


This from a community that is obsessed with "FUD"?
Apparently people just criticizing bitcoin is a major issue, but the potential large scale security fault at Lightning will have no effect on Lightnings success.
@_date: 2018-03-10 14:27:33


I'm not saying it is doomed, you asked for a reason why Litecoin might overtake Bitcoin, and I gave one. If Bitcoin requires lightning to scale, and Lightning requires low fees to scale, then its possible lightning will struggle to scale (on bitcoin) if fees start going up again which will happen if we see 400k+ transactions in the near future.
I never said it will happen, but it could happen, and its being willfully obtuse to pretend something like that couldn't happen.
400k is nothing in the scale of global payment networks. PayPal alone handles 13 million transactions a day. There are lesser payment networks you haven't even heard of that handle over 1 million. If bitcoin saw any significant increase in P2P transactions (which it was designed for), then you can easily see 400K+ daily transactions.
You're banking on people not using bitcoin what it was designed for during all the years lightning will need to scale for this not to be an issue. Which hey, it might happen, but it could easily not, especially if some new use case is developed.


That is what I was comparing when I was talking about "payment networks".
In order for a payment network like Paypal (or lightning) to be useful, you have to have a critical mass of people using it so that having money in a paypal account (or lighting channel) actually has use. If a bunch of people open paypal accounts but no one is accepting paypal its useless.
Paypal handled this in a few ways, one was just giving away money in the early days, the other was to get a deal with eBay which handled a large volume of online trade but didn't have a good solution. At the time it was easier to set up a paypal account on ebay than use any other option so growth came easy. eBay itself tried to push its own payment network called Billpoint but by that time PayPal was so large it couldn't compete. 


That means the majority of transaction "growth" during 2017 wasn't from any adoption of use as currency then, it was purely a result of exchanges being inefficient with their current level of traffic.
Although there is actually data that shows not all of the decrease in use can be attributed to "batching"
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:20:42
"I'm sick of all these people complaining about bitcoin bringing the price down, they should shut up and sell up!"
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:23:17


When levels of hoarding get so high that people will no longer accept it as currency but will only accept as an asset denominated in currency. 
It happened in the first half of the 20th century.
Why do you think no one uses gold coins as currency anymore? Is it just a massive coincidence every nation on earth stopped minting gold coins for circulation in the same 100 year period? Is it a global conspiracy?
There is no way to tell how much a gold coin is worth now without using another currency, the face value of the coin is irrelevant because its no longer a currency, just an asset.
@_date: 2019-01-05 19:56:28


Any decrease in the supply or velocity of currency relative to the amount of trade will cause deflation. Hoarding money is deflationary:


This is what allows deflationary spirals to happen. If for whatever reason there is deflation, either due to an increase in the amount of trade relative to currency, or due to a decrease in the supply or velocity of money, this creates a financial incentive to start hoarding money instead of investing it in production.
This hoarding creates yet more deflation, which creates a further incentive to hoard, which creates even more deflation, all the while productive enterprise becomes more risky and less profitable since more and more people are hoarding their money instead of spending it on goods and services and investing in assets, since assets depreciate in value relative to a deflationary currency.


Self-regulating by encouraging parasitic rent-seeking over productive economy is not a good form of self-regulation. If you want to encourage sustainable practices do it by environmental regulations that prevent people from inflicting economic externalizes, not by adopting a useless form of currency
Deflationary currency is self regulation, self-regulating to the point where no nation on earth uses a deflationary mediums of exchange as its primary currency, despite their widespread legality and existence. There are several US states where you can pay taxes in gold and silver, which even takes away the "but states require taxes in fiat" argument, but still no one but a few ideologues use it as a currency and even then not as their primary means of exchange.
Currency is to facilitate trade. Any currency that incentivizes hoarding more than spending is by definition a bad currency, no one has need for a currency no one wants to spend.
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:49:01


Currency is only valuable because it allows you to trade other things of value. It's impossible for it to be "objectively the only real value in existence". It's only as valuable as whatever someone is willing to give you for it
@_date: 2018-03-16 18:44:42
I promised to answer your points which i didnt do much of in the last reply so:


It's always more profitable to make 2% rather than 1%, deflation doesn't create any additional incentive here. It can just make it more profitable to sit on a pile of cash than to try to use that cash to produce wealth.
If I read your argument right, the argument was that generating wealth takes up resources, and if you're using them at a lower than average efficiency that means you're blocking someone else from using them at a higher efficiency, thus dragging down overall wealth production, so it can be more profitable for society for an individual to stop generating wealth, if it allows someone else to generate more wealth, and deflation is the reward for freeing up those resources.
How can this be the case with an individuals labor? When an individual stops laboring, that "labor" doesn't get freed up into the economy for someone else to use.
If the argument is that deflation discourages people from blocking more efficient use of resources, how can that apply to labor? How can a person be blocking their own labor? 
This is one of the reasons unemployment was so high during the great depression. It was more profitable to hoard money than to employ people if employing them created less profit than sitting on money did, so millions of people who could have been producing wealth stopped for lack of employment opportunity, which is why overall wealth output dropped during the great depression, even though the % share of wealth owned by currency owners went up significantly. It distorted the profit mechanism of currency so that it was more profitable to leave millions unemployed than to put them to work.
This applies regardless if you think the cause of deflation was debt deflation or not. No money was destroyed during the Great Depression. People stopped lending money because it became more profitable to hoard money than to lend it, lots of people couldn't pay their debts with 10% deflation so banks that relied on making money from loans went out of business and the money they had previously loaned got hoarded instead of re-loaned. This leads to an effective reduction in the money supply because the money supply isn't just amount of currency but amount x velocity.
Money buried and never used is effectively removed from supply. If velocity of a unit is 0 it is 1 x 0, effectively it doesn't exist. If it never moves or is just burned it never facilitates a trade. It only adds to the effective money supply again when it starts circulating.


You can't rent-seek on steel because there isn't a fixed quantity of steel. If you try and buy up all the steel in the world, you just make it massively profitable to make steel. for every ton of steel you buy, the steel manufacturer makes enough money to make more than 1 ton of steel, so you are increasing the overall amount of steel available.
You shouldn't be able to just buy steel and expect other peoples work to make it more valuable. If other people produce more steel then it will become less scarce, so people will be willing to pay less for it. 
If steel isn't fixed supply, why should tokens to represent the amount of steel be fixed? 
Why should someone who instead of hoarding steel, but hoards currency units from selling steel, see an increase in their wealth if someone who hoarded steel doesn't?
Even if the value of steel goes down, the purchasing power of currency made from selling steel will go up, if the overall demand for currency goes up from other sources. It has nothing to do with being a reward for efficiency.
Even if the economy stays exactly as efficient, and the per capita wealth production remains constant, the value of currency will increase if you do not increase the quantity of currency with the number of new people now trying to trade.
Currency isn't a naturally scarce commodity, its human invented trade tokens. There is nothing stopping us generating one token for every unit of wealth generated. It's just a communal IOU.
if I wrote you an IOU for 1 hours labor, could I somehow expect that IOU for 1 hours labor to somehow decrease to only 0.9 hours labor or increase to 1.1 hours labor? That just ruins the ability to trust my IOUs, and either gives you less than promised or means I have to give you more than promised. 
If I start working more hours, should that IOU now increase in value so that it represents a constant % of the amount of hours I work? If I start working half as much, should my IOU only be for half an hour to represent a constant %?
If we want to agree that I will pay you more over time, that's called interest, and we can arrange that ourselves. We don't want a currency system that will force a certain percentage of interest whether we want it to or not, that is just building in either a bias to hoard money or to spend it as quickly as possible.


that's not the definition of rent seeking, the definition is increasing your share of wealth without generating any wealth. the only way to do that is to decrease someone elses share of wealth. It's inherently parasitic and zero-sum. It is impossible for everyone to rent-seek. If no one is generating wealth then there isn't any wealth for you to take a share of. If everyone just sat on money and no one traded, then there would be no wealth generated via currency, and currency would become worthless. 
Currency is a trade token, its not a share in the economy.  Its meant to represent an amount of goods and services traded. It's purely a symbolic place holder for something of real value. If I give you a dollar instead of an apple, I shouldn't have to give you more apples just because I produce more apples, and you shouldn't get less apples just because I produce less apples. There should maintain a constant ratio of trade tokens to things being traded so that the tokens keep consistent value with the things they are tokens for, rather than becoming worth more or less.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:36:57


Any commodity currency of the last 6,000 year was permissionless and can't be censored. There's a reason they've all been abandoned. And its not because you can't send them digitally. You can transfer gold ownership digitally, no one bothers because gold is a terrible currency.


It's being a luddite to ask for evidence for claims?
If you say its useful for something other than speculation, money laundering and black markets, why is almost no one using it for anything other than those three things?
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:37:07
70% drops in price are THE MOST BULLISH news possible, anyone who disagrees is a FUDing shitcoiner personally familiar with the stank of Roger Vers nut sweat
@_date: 2018-03-24 13:33:08
There will only ever be 42 42coin.
The will be 500,000 bitcoins for every 42coin in existence. Good luck trying to persuade anyone to give you a 42coin for one of your 500,000 bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-03-15 16:16:28


The vast majority of trade is happening on exchanges. One of the reasons daily transactions halved recently is because exchanges started batching their transactions, which shows how much trade is just speculation.
Growth in the top 500 retailers is down significantly, not up. Even payment processors like Stripe are no longer accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:06:46
It's a tricksy argument to say that bitcoin is faster than cards because it settles faster, and then Lightning is faster than cards because its "irreversible" (but not settling), its changing the goalposts twice, once to settlement, then to "irreversiblility".
Reversibility is not the same thing as settlement, or transaction time. 
Lightning also won't be "irreversible" if it is to ever scale, it will be governed by the same consumer protection laws as any other payment network. The alternative of not having hubs will definitely not be faster.
I'm surprised how many people think chargebacks are some deliberate attempt to defraud merchants rather than a result of consumer protection laws that governments around the world have instituted for good reason.
@_date: 2018-03-20 23:10:46
So the argument isn't that it would be functionally better in any way, just that it allows you to fulfill an ideological goal 99% of people don't give a shit about?
If its better then it doesn't matter if I want to get rid of trusted third parties or not.
And if its not better, then it doesn't matter if you want to get rid of trusted third parties because it won't be able to compete.
Sounds like you just want to avoid discussion of why something you want to work isn't going to work.
@_date: 2018-03-04 14:43:28


Yes, when I said "every country abandoned the gold standard", I meant every country that was previously on it abandoned it. Obviously you can't abandon it if you were never on it in the first place. It's just quicker to say "every country abandoned it" than "every country that was previously on the gold standard abandoned it".


So you're narrowing it to a subset of all gold standards?
How is that helping address the point of whether *any* gold standard is suitable or superior as a currency, and if it is, why not a single country in the world regardless of economic or political affiliation has realized it?
"gold standard doesn't let you print money for war debts" is not an answer for all the countries that are net creditors and aren't at war and haven't been for decades. Switzerland being a good example of both, even during the time period you talk about. 
The reasons Switzerland abandoned the gold standard apply even more to Bitcoin than they did to gold. Bitcoin standard would just be a worse version of the gold standard.
It seems to me you need to believe in a grand global conspiracy in order to avoid addressing the issue of why there might actually be good reasons not a single country in the world to stay on the gold standard anymore, and why for the same reasons they will never establish a bitcoin standard.
@_date: 2018-03-04 14:28:09
Was Hayek a Keynesian? Was Milton Friedman?




It's depressing that for many economics has been reduced to such an ideological pursuit that people are willing to simplify and dismiss debate even within their own ideological schools, let alone consider ideas from other schools.
Hayek was one of the most important researchers in Austrian school economics, he won a Nobel Prize for his work on business cycle theory yet goldbug revisionists has turned Austrian school economics into a one sided caricature that had blind faith in deflation and the gold standard, when that was never the case.
@_date: 2018-03-28 11:47:37
Gold is legal tender in Utah, Lousiana and Texas, that sets a precedent, its just not one that will make gold a useful currency. Anyone spending gold as currency in those states is doing it as a gimmick because they have an ideological position on gold, not because its a better currency.
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:56:35


Same ones everyone else in Zimbabwe uses, USD. 90% of currency transactions are in USD, 5% in Rand, the rest in a handful of other currencies.
Unfortunately [deflation in USD is also causing problems nearly as bad as caused by hyper-inflation]( since Zimbabwe can't print USD and the amount of USD available in Zimbabwe is not near enough to meet demand.
The correct solution is for Zimbabwe to print their own currency to meet demand, but unfortunately the government is so corrupt, they cannot resist the urge to enrich themselves at the expense of the economy by printing far too much money.
This won't change until Zimbabwe resolves its corruption problem. Recently the government launched a new Zimbabwean Bond Note, which they claimed was pegged 1:1 with the dollar, but no one trusts the government not to hyper-inflate so it is not seeing much use. Hopefully with Mugabe gone things can change.
It's not possible for a global currency to be in correct supply for every national economy. The Euro only manages it because the ECB and the EU help homogenize supply and demand of currency across nations.
@_date: 2018-03-01 13:36:39


What are you basing that on then?
It's certainly not total number of transactions.
Bitcoin proponents are fine to use market-cap as proof bitcoin is the biggest crypto when it suits them, and dismiss other coins having more overall transactions. Then when market-cap makes look bitcoin look bad then suddenly market cap doesn't matter and its other metrics that do.


In which case you should know that the actual amount of money in bitcoin is a tiny fraction of the market cap. 


That's irrelevant to what a store of value is. Something that grows in value in the long term but has massive swings in value in the short term is not a reliable store of value. Store of value doesn't mean "something that appreciates", it means something that can be reliably used to store and the retrieve value.
If you used bitcoin to store value in late 2013 it would be 3 years until you could retrieve the same amount of value you put in. If you had need to use that value in those 3 years you would have lost anywhere from 1-75% of the value you put in.
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:35:31
If they weren't saying not to use it before, why are they now saying "okay now you can start using it, in small amounts"?
According to you nothing has changed, they never said don't use it, they just said "expect to lose money so don't put a lot in"
@_date: 2018-03-17 12:45:56
This is why we need Bitcoin. How else are scammers going to protect their assets?
@_date: 2018-03-26 14:15:18
It's far more inconvenient to have to turn assets into cash to avoid depreciation from deflation than vice versa.
Stores of wealth are by definition a long term proposition, you don't need to be able to instantly liquidize them. Most people don't store most of their wealth in cash.
Most peoples biggest store of wealth is their house, and deflation constantly degrades the value over time.
If you have $10,000 in cash, and a $100,000 house, then 5% deflation might make your cash $500 more valuable, but it will knock $5,000 off the value of your house.
Encouraging the hoarding of cash is not good for the individual or economy. You could sell your $100,000 house and be making $5,000 a year on deflation on the cash, but can you live in a pile of money?
you're actively discouraged from doing anything useful with money in a deflationary currency, which is why the whole world abandoned deflationary currencies like gold once governments got trustworthy enough to not hyper-inflate fiat.
It's even worse for productive assets. Let's say you own a $1,000,000 factory that makes you $49,000 in profit after you've paid all your workers. At 5% deflation you'd make more money selling your factory for cash and laying off all your workers than you would. This is how deflationary spirals happen, because obviously whoever buys the factory is faced with the same problem, so you get a spiral where everyone is selling off assets for cash which causes huge over-supply and starts to destroy wealth production.
@_date: 2018-03-25 22:56:51


money in the bank only generates interest when its being loaned out to people, which is a service that helps people. You get use of that money for a long period of time in return for giving a little bit more back. If there aren't any profitable loans to make then there is no interest on money in the bank.
Deflation isn't a service, its just value being transferred away from wealth into the value of currency (as inflation transfers value from currency to wealth), so that anyone who has their wealth tied up in assets loses value over time, which encourages people to sell assets in exchange for hoarding cash, even if those assets produce value, if they produce less value than the rate of deflation.


I'll assume you mean deflationary here.
economies grow at different rates around the world, some grow by 10% a year, others drop by 5% a year, so it would be inflationary/deflationary in different areas (much like the USD is deflationary in zimbabwe, where demand far outpaces supply)
Also, supply isn't just total amount of currency, but amount x velocity.
It's estimated 4 million bitcoins have been lost forever already. The market can't tell any difference between a bitcoin that has been lost forever, and one that just hasn't moved in a very long time, so the incentive to hoard actually makes the effective supply much lower by causing low velocity. Deflationary spirals can cause a huge drop in available money supply even if no money has actually disappeared.


You're right about this, but the equilibrium here is "bitcoin becomes worthless after people stop using it as a currency because it doesnt have the supply to meet the needs of growing demand for currency". Currencies need wide adoption to be useful, it can't just stall at 1% of people in an economy and remain competitive.
People say gold was "deflationary", but gold was never fixed supply. we mine more gold per year now than we did 20 or 50 years ago, its just supply can't keep up with demand, and still gold has been abandoned for use in coins because its too rare and too valuable to hoard than to use as coinage.
@_date: 2018-03-04 21:16:05


Platinum is 3x rarer than gold, but gold costs more per ounce because there are more uses for gold than platinum.
Nothing is valuable just because its rare, otherwise the rarest elements would all be the most valuable.
Most of the demand (and so price) of gold comes from the jewelry industry. If people decided to stop buying bits of gold to wear the price would crash. The price is only stable because demand for jewelry is stable because its a several thousand year tradition.


"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved. The point of any store of value is risk management due to a stable demand for the underlying asset"
Bitcoin isn't a store of value, its an extremely volatile speculative bubble with almost no underlying demand other than from speculators. There is no way to "store value" in bitcoin and have any confidence that you will be able to retrieve the same amount of value. People put money into it because they have dreams of getting rich quick, not because its reliable.


The same way when gold became too deflationary to be used as currency it became the global reserve currency?
@_date: 2018-03-01 13:57:52


Bitcoin has made headline news all around the world. [It's much more well known than M-Pesa, M-Pesa doesn't even register on google trends compared to bitcoin.](
Yet M-Pesa has actually succeeded in "banking the unbanked" and helping millions of people in developing nations.
M-Pesa only had a year headstart on bitcoin, and it went from nothing to handling half of Kenyas banking in 8 years. Bitcoin has had 9 years to gain a foothold in developing nations.
 It's patronizing to the ingenuity and ambition of peoples in developing nations that somehow there's this great technology that fits all their needs but they're too uneducated to use it. There are kenyans running their own micro-financing solar power businesses using mobile money transfers, these are not people slow to seize on opportunity or innovation.
The reason why cryptocurrencies like bitcoin haven't taken off in places like Kenya, where new banking technologies like M-Pesa have, is because bitcoin and other coins are completely reliant on fiat currency and traditional banking systems in order to facilitate value exchange, so they are useless in places that don't already have good banking infrastructure. which is why people will still pay $20 for a Western Union money transfer because its still the best and often only way to transfer money to a country with poor banking infrastructure.
@_date: 2019-01-10 21:53:20


So every time someone sells a bitcoin, its the same as a new bitcoin being produced?
In January of 2017, over 100 million bitcoins were traded.
Are you telling me that existing hodlers selling 100 million coins back and forth is the equivalent of new miners producing 100 million new coins?
I'm not sure you understand how supply, demand or the quantity theory of money works.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:39:10
you haven't explained what it would be as top gap or a solution for.


I don't think you are aware of the USD problem in Zimbabwe if you're suggesting a currency that is far more deflationary as a solution to a currency who's only problem in Zimbabwe is not having enough supply to meet demand.
The USD problem is there aren't enough of them, because the supply is limited by how much USD can be brought into the country since they can't print their own USD, and the demand far exceeds the supply that can be brought in.
The solution is a currency with more supply than USD but less than ZWL. Zimbabwe are the only ones who can print a currency in the correct supply for their needs.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:50:31


How about, use it as a currency if you think its actually useful instead of treating it as a speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-03-07 16:02:26
He really does.
I followed his advice to invest in Theranos and I never looked back.
I heard some FUD a while back about the company valuation crashing but I said fuck that, YOU ONLY LOSE IF YOU SELL, and I bought the dip, now I'm HODLing to the moon no matter what. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:28:13


Assad and Putin have done a pretty good job despite 100,000+ strong rebel armies in Syria, with huge foreign funding going into arming rebel groups with more than "rusty broken AKs".
Do you think the US government is weaker than Assads regime?
@_date: 2018-02-12 17:10:22
So the only point I was discussing is how bidirectional the trade flows are because that will determine how frequently people need to add funds to the network.


Unless you deposit all the funds you're ever going to need in one go, you never need to close a channel or open a new one, and no one else ever takes funds out of the network, then no, its not a one time cost. It's as many times as you need to add funds to a channel cost which is going to be a lot if trade flows are unidirectional.
Do you really think the average use case is going to be someone uploads funds once and then never again?
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:08:50
This also brings up a deeper issue of deflationary spirals which goes beyond simple loans, which is lets say the deflation rate is 5%. Why would you ever invest in anything that produces less than 5% return on investment when you make more profit hoarding your money instead?
The deflationist argument is that somehow this is not a problem because that just means any investment that makes less than 5% returns is a waste of money, but this is stupid. If you have 100% deflation does that somehow mean only investments that provide 100% returns are good uses of money? What businesses would remain profitable compared to money hoarding if we had 100% deflation. What would be left in our economy other than people sitting on money hoping it will make them richer?
this is the problem when people just assume that deflation making money more valuable is making people richer at no cost to anything. deflation only makes people with currency richer at the expense of people with less currency. hoarding currency doesn't produce anything of value. The only way money creates wealth is by facilitating wealth generating trades.
@_date: 2018-03-11 22:21:05
How does that counter all the devs who've said it isn't helping development and is fact just adding unnecessary distractions?
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:36:03




If what I've said isn't true, why has the whole world abandoned gold coins. Surely gold coins should be more used than ever since they've increased in value lots over the last 100 years.
Yet the opposite as happened, everyone has abandoned gold coins as a currency, and coins made out of cheap metals like copper, nickel, zinc and steel are still in use, just as they were 2000 years ago when Aristophanes first complained that everyone hoarded gold and silver and used brass as currency.
Deflation and inflation aren't binary states. Gold sees decreasing use with increasing deflation until eventually it is abandoned altogether as currency and becomes an asset.
@_date: 2019-01-12 16:48:04


Are you disputing the fact that bitcoins have been permanently lost?
If there was a way to recover permanently lost bitcoins there would also be able to steal other peoples bitcoins which would make them worthless.


You already acknolwedged the existence of new supply when you said:
"A miner providing newly mined bitcoin"
If there's no new supply then there are no new coins, all the coins there will ever be have already been made. Unless that's not true in which case there is new supply and will be until the supply cap is hit.
Not sure if you're trolling or you're just set on contradicting anything you think makes bitcoin look bad, like the fact new bitcoins are created every day and will be for over 100 years.
You still haven't explained what happens in 100+ years time that means we don't need any new bitcoins, but we will still need new ones 99 years from now.
@_date: 2018-03-08 23:54:23
I can't tell if this is sarcasm or not, but Andreas himself acknowledges the person who corrects him as correct.
@_date: 2018-03-05 17:53:04


Transaction and settlement are not the same thing. If you pay by card the transaction is confirmed in milliseconds, but its usually not settled til much later.
Neither checks nor a zero-conf bitcoin confirm a transaction immediately, the clue being in the title. the transaction is confirmed at the same time it is settled. You only find out that the transaction is rejected when it comes to settle the account and it turns out funds aren't available (i.e. double spend problem).


The places that still accept check require a government issued photo ID because the risk of fraud is too high otherwise.
Checks are also well on their way out as a payment method for this reason.
If you're willing to attach your government ID to every zero-conf bitcoin transaction then this is a solution, although why you wouldn't prefer just to pay instantly in cash is beyond me.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:34:11
Bitcoin is not "banking the unbanked". M-Pesa is doing a better job than Bitcoin at that.
Western Union is doing better business than when Bitcoin was first launched, which is strange if bitcoin was supposed to make sending money across nations cheap and easy.
 Most major exchanges won't even do business in the developing world, and bitcoin is totally reliant on intersection with fiat and traditional banking to maintain and transfer value. It is primarily a speculative asset bought and sold in fiat, not an independent currency.
@_date: 2019-01-13 15:42:14


It's false to say it can never be altered. It already has been altered. 184.4 billion bitcoins were added to the ledger by an exploit in the code. And since the ledger is IMMUTABLE, they have stayed there forever. 
Just kidding, those transactions were removed from the ledger by the controlling interests of bitcoin, all except for 0.5 BTC, which they couldn't remove, so there will actually be 21,000,000.5 BTC, not 21,000,000




Whether the supply is on schedule or inelastic or not does not stop it from being supply.
The amount of energy coming from the sun has a theoretical limit it can never exceed and is emitted at a constant rate over a long enough time period, that doesn't mean energy derived from solar power is not supply of a commodity.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:28:20


When people were hyped about solar-roadways there were plenty of people warning that it wouldn't work and that it was irresponsible to try and crowdsource funding for an unrealistic technology.
They were exactly right. 
solar  roadways could pull exactly the same "they laughed at the airplane and the motorcar too" card. 
the previous success of a different technology, even a related one, has nothing to do with the potential success of another
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:14:16
I'm not really sure what this is an answer to.
The guys who believe in the tech are only right if there's somehow some way they could force people to use bitcoin and not just use an exact copy of bitcoin that was less scarce, which there's no evidence to believe they could, especially because no ones really using it as a currency anymore and its becoming less usable as currency, not more.
Artificial scarcity might cause a flurry of speculation in the short term but in the long term it will kill the currency dead, it's already arguably killed a lot of the use of currency as the volatility, hoarding due to price gains and fee increases has led to an overall reduction in the adoption of currency by major retailers.
@_date: 2018-03-02 22:33:32


That sounds like to avoid regulations on gambling sites and finances. There's no other way it could be far easier since its not actually easier to send bitcoin than fiat. 
Seems to fit pretty snugly in the "black market/money laundering" category. I guess you could call it "gray market", since its not necessarily outright illegal. 
These are all temporarily legal loopholes because wheels of government move slowly and it takes them years to regular new technologies, and when they do they usually do it pretty badly.
It's not because bitcoin is superior to fiat, its because there are laws you have to follow in fiat that you don't yet have to follow in bitcoin because they haven't been written yet.


I think it fits into the categories previously stated. Either its a gimmick to get publicity and short term profit from speculative mania, or else they're facilitating some kind of black/gray market activity that wouldn't be tolerated in fiat.
Ones that fit in the gimmick category rarely last, see: 
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:41:01
Why did you respond to a point about the fact you can't hack gold out of a safe by saying "but bitcoin is easier to transfer online"?
Bitcoin clearly isn't more secure than gold otherwise it wouldn't be seized and stolen so much more than gold. Security is not set by cryptography alone. SSL is secured by cryptography, it doesn't mean ecommerce isn't hackable. There are hacks that don't involve breaking cryptography, as every large bitcoin hack has involved.
Connecting something to an internet active computer immediately creates a huge security vulnerability, unless you're saying never trade bitcoin over the internet.
@_date: 2018-03-22 14:24:06
You're not making a distinction between a smart contract and just transferring money.
Ownership is only transferred once the contract has been signed.
If Alice was just giving gold to Joe to give to Carol then it wouldn't matter how much gold Joe has. Alice gives 2 bars to Joe, Joe now has 2 bars, Joe now gives 2 bars to carol. but this would require Alice to sign the gold over to Joe, and Joe to sign over the gold to carol, which would require closing one channel and opening a new one with the new funds. It would also require Alice to trust Joe not to just keep the money.
In the Lightning routing system, Joe isn't being given ownership over the gold bars, he is part of a chain of contracts, to exchange gold bars.
Gold can't be in two places at once in the contract system. You can't make a contract for gold you don't have, and you don't have gold until someone signs to give it to you.
If Alice has a contract with Joe to give him a gold bar, under the condition that he gives a gold bar to Carol, Joe can't use the gold Alice is giving him to make a contract with Alice because it hasn't been signed into his ownership yet.
That's why Joe (relay nodes), need to have their own funds to participate in a chain of contracts, otherwise it would be possible for Joe to just lie and say "yeah, give me the gold, I'll give it to carol" and then just keep it.
that is why in example, they talk about how each partner keeps their hand on the gold until they get told a secret. This is an analogy of the contract not releasing ownership of the gold until it is signed.
At least thats how I understand it, I could be wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:24:04


You mean that network with less than 900 nodes and only 3 bitcoin being traded on it?
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:22:42


Why would you keep all your money in a poor store of value like fiat instead of in a reliable store of value like bitcoin?
That fiat is just going to go down in value while you wait for the stock market to crash.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:52:25
Plenty of currencies have been replaced before, its not nearly as revolutionary as you seem to think it is.
Let's say bitcoin was free and instant to transfer with unlimited transaction capacity, do you really think it would make that much of a difference? Money is already close to free and instant as makes little difference. 
In the EU credit and debit cards are limited to charging 0.3% and 0.2% fees respectively. It would be a slight boost to the economy if transferring money was completely free but in no way would it be a revolution.
so above a very minor improvement in fees and speed (which its nowhere near actually reaching), what is left?
"fiat is inflationary, inflation is theft!". Well you can already use fiat to buy assets that appreciate, and most people spend most of the money they make before inflation makes any difference, and save the rest.
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:49:19
so price rises and fall are just random, not based on market information?
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:13:54
I mean even within the frame of the joke I'm sarcastically saying its good investing advice which its obviously not so I'm not sure anyone was in danger of believing what I was saying is true.
I don't think the relevant part is whether normal people could invest (although you could indirectly by putting your money in a fund that invested in Theranos), but whether the guy has a history of making bum investments.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:50:20
Too bad for china that bitcoin is DECENTRALIZED so it doesn't matter what those commies say. It's not like over 51% of mining power is controlled within Chinas borders due to the high concentration of state owned hydro-electric dams.
@_date: 2018-03-17 16:20:26


Governments can literally turn it off with the push of a button.


It was designed so that government communications would stay in tact. It wasn't designed to withstand the government pulling the plug on their own communications infrastructure.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:37:43
Just because governments and stock markets invest in something doesn't mean its not a speculative bubble.
Governments and stock markets were heavily invested in the South Sea Company and the Mississippi Company and they were both huge bubbles that collapsed and left their investors bankrupt.


That people try to defend the case that its not a bubble by making vague arguments like "people said the internet was a bubble too!", rather than with actual metrics doesn't inspire hope.
@_date: 2018-03-07 15:41:04
So most bitcoin transactions in 2017 weren't anyone using it as a currency but just buying and selling on exchanges?
@_date: 2018-02-03 14:23:31


Yup, you only need to look at media of exchange on an individual to see this in action.
Let's say I'm an apple farmer, and instead of carrying all my apples round to trade, I just carry tokens that entitle the bearer to 1 apple on presentation at my farm (especially useful since not everyone wants an apple right now and apples don't keep very long once pulled off the tree).
Why would I want it so that gradually those tokens appreciated, so that now that a token I gave worth 1 apple last week is now worth 2 apples? That means something that was only priced at 1 apple when I bought it I now have to pay 2 apples for.
Likewise, people receiving those tokens wouldn't want those tokens to depreciate so that they need 1 token only gets them half an apple.
The question of how to build institutions that will keep a stable value of money is a complex one, and it isn't solved just by saying "well lets just make the tokens go up in value indefinitely".
Bitcoiners are only looking at it from a very narrow buyers perspective of "If the tokens are worth more then that means I'm richer", without considering that those tokens aren't wealth, just a medium of exchange, and if each token buys more then it also sells for less. This is only a good thing for people who hold most of their wealth in tokens.
If you have a house worth $100,000, and $1,000 in cash, deflation is not your friend. 30% deflation might increase your cashes purchasing power by $300 but it also decreases your houses worth by $30,000. This is what encourages deflationary spirals where everyone starts hoarding cash and stops investing in real businesses because everything but cash keeps dropping in value.
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:28:22
Only 33% deflation in the Great Depression caused a huge decrease in investment and economic output, and a huge increase in hoarding of money, unemployment and malnutrition.
Deflationists seem to think this was because "gold isn't frangible", but no one was using actual gold as currency at the time and there was nothing stopping the federal reserve from just replacing $1 notes with $0.10 dollar notes and 1 cent coins with 0.1 cent coins.
It's funny people deny that deflation causes bitcoin any problems when its use as a currency has ground almost to a halt, and people who used it as a currency in the early days are openly mocked for "wasting" bitcoin by using it and not being smart enough to "hodl".
"people will still have to buy food, so even with deflation people will use the currency" and "haha look at this loser who spent 10,000BTC on a pizza, he should have waited a few decades first" come unironically from the same mouth.
"people have to buy food" only applies to a very small percentage of the economy, and only works if there are literally no other alternatives. even if bitcoin was the only currency, you could still barter instead, which is what [people resorted to during the great depression]( currency hoarding made currency hard to come by and when people did have it they would rather trade with goods and services (that would go down in value thanks to deflation) rather than money (which would go up in value thanks to deflation). Of course barter is very inefficient which further compounded the negative economic effects of deflation.
Employment especially is very hard to do on a barter system, especially in a post-industrial economy where lots of people are employed making/doing things that aren't easily bartered.
The only way bitcoin can survive on ridiculous levels of deflation (1000%+ a year) is because no one is actually depending on it as a currency. It's just an asset to speculate on, and deflation is what speculators want.
If any nation was actually using it as their main currency 1000% deflation would have completely collapsed their economy.
@_date: 2018-02-08 13:51:12


And I've made several points about remittance businesses which is the use case you yourself brought up for bitcoin so you can stop pretending like I'm refusing to address bitcoins use cases for business and only talking about it from a consumer standpoint.


Western Unions share price is higher now than it was when Bitcoin was released, which is odd if you think Bitcoin is an imminent threat to its business because people have had 9 years to start using Bitcoin as a replacement remittance service and they have failed to do so.
Blockbuster wasn't still going strong 9 years after the technology to stream high def video was publicly available.
In 9 years M-Pesa went from not existing to being used by half of Kenya as well as a bunch of other countries. 9 years is plenty enough time for someone to have set up a bitcoin remittance business.
I have an explanation for why Bitcoin has failed where other technologies (like mobile credit banking) have succeeded. You disagree with my explanation but provide none of your own besides people just not having caught on yet, which is not a viable explanation when technologies introduced in roughly the same time period have seen wide adoption.
The only out you're left with is "the technology isn't ready yet", which is a separate argument to "bitcoin is superior to western union people just don't know it yet"


It's a technology. when technology comes out that renders previous businesses obsolete then usually it kills those businesses, like Blockbuster, unless they pivot and adopt or react to the new technology.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:15:06


what does that even mean? 
You said bitcoin is the only coin that could work with Lightning and its just not true.
@_date: 2019-01-06 20:14:55
Doesn't that undermine the whole argument for bitcoin?
Gold and silver work as stores of value, even though they're not useful or widespread currencies, because they're fundamental elements of the universe that exist in relatively rare concentrations on earth, and cost a lot of money to extract, and also have underlying economic uses in things like electronics and jewelry which means they will always have some value even if no one else is willing to pay you anything for them.
If someone could infinitely clone gold and silver in unlimited amounts, their value would plummet and never recover. 
Bitcoin isn't backed by anything, if its not a useful medium of exchange, it's not naturally scarce. If its not useful as a medium of exchange its just arbitrarily rare numbers of which there are an infinite supply. If no one is willing to give you anything for Bitcoin then its as useful as any bitcoin clone you could make in 10 minutes. You're relying purely on the "collectors" value that someone will care about the original rare numbers more than any other set of rare numbers.
@_date: 2018-02-17 23:48:09
Imagine how much bitcoin would be worth if you could afford to buy every BTC on the planet!
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:10:18
There's absolutely nothing stopping you from using gold coins as a currency if you want.
Basically no one does because deflationary currencies don't work. The only time the dollar has been deflationary in the last 100 years people started bartering rather than spend something that is going up in value.
@_date: 2018-03-02 17:22:54
I like how market cap is a valid metric to determine market share when its in bitcoins favor, but when someone points out that their market share as measured by market cap has gone down from over 90% to below 40% in the last year, suddenly market cap is terrible metric and doesn't prove anything because you can't just multiply the current price of a coin by number of coins.
@_date: 2018-03-10 14:22:08
Why are you buying something that is supposed to be valuable because its a currency that you have no intention of using as a currency?
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:57:48


Have a look at what happened to bitcoins price immediately after this news.
@_date: 2019-01-26 11:14:31
I was going by the figures last published in December. If there's more recent numbers I haven't seen them yet.


It would not be correct to say they have resulted in deflation, they simply wouldn't have mitigated it completely.
After the financial crash there was a huge decrease in the supply of available money due to collapse of many banks and new found unwillingness for banks to lend money to anyway, as well as a decrease in consumer confidence which saw less money circulating in the economy.
If there had been no QE, the deflation rate would have been huge and there would have been a tremendous incentive to offload productive assets in favor of cash for as long as there was significant deflation.
QE is the correct policy when there is a drastic reduction in the supply of money, the problem was it was given to the corrupt institutions that fucked up the economy, rather than the victims of those institutions.
@_date: 2018-03-27 20:26:58
People thought it was going to be the next big thing so wanted to be on the ground floor.
Then they realized most people with bitcoins are more interested in hoarding them than spending them, and the accompanying price volatility makes it pretty useless for business cashflow, so you just have to convert to USD anyway (which costs more). everyone with bitcoin also has USD (or other native fiat) that they can pay in any way, and they'd much rather spend USD than bitcoin. So the only people you end up attracting who wouldn't have just paid in USD are people spending it as a gimmick, which isn't a significant percentage of trade for most businesses that aren't selling bitcoin t-shirts.
@_date: 2019-01-10 21:56:26


How has Bitcoin protected the environment again?


People were already saying this last year when they were claiming it was going to hit 20k-100k by the end of the year and they were full of shit.
By the time it gets so low you would admit it will never live up to the hype, you wouldn't care enough to come on here to check.
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:32:38












@_date: 2018-03-20 15:41:34


Except they're not universally spendable, and no one I've ever asked has come up with a use case for how they could go from less than 1000 people using it (mainly as an experiment) to being universally spendable.
"if everyone used it then it would be useful" is not a viable growth strategy.


So you wouldn't lock funds to a network of millions of buyers and sellers on Amazon, accounting for hundreds of billions in annual trade, where you can buy almost anything, but you would lock funds to a much smaller network with far fewer users and far less trade?
Amortizing transaction costs is not a new concept. If you had a voucher that was accepted just on Amazon and eBay then that would cover most of US ecommerce, and if those companies refused to accept Lightning then it would be impossible for Lightning to outscale that voucher. it wouldn't require any extra fees or require a closing transaction, and wouldn't have any issues with routing or connectivity or requiring liquidity and would have far fewer security risks.
There is nothing special about a "lightning network" anymore than the network of buyers and sellers on Amazon and eBay, apart from the fact that Amazon and eBay benefit from huge economies of scale.
Amortizing costs of transactions at the expense of up-front commitment is not an appealing value proposition for giant networks like eBay or Amazon, for smaller networks where much less regular trade is going on its even less attractive.
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:22:38


that only works if you assume no opportunity cost.
what if you need to buy something not on the lightning network with that money (which be extremely likely while the network is small)?
you could say, well don't put all your money in lightning, but the need to close a channel (or at least open a new one) is proportional to how much money you've put in the channel. also if the node you've connected to is offline then that money is basically frozen which means you need to either open a new channel to a different node or wait for the node to come back online or for the timelock to expire.
There's a reason why even huge trade networks, like Amazon and eBay, don't have a system where you can put in $100-1000 up front, and then save all the money on transaction fees amortized over those transactions.
They already have the tech, the gift-card system, but they just pocket the profits rather than offering a discount to customers because they know customers are not motivated by shaving off such a small amount of money off each purchase. customers would rather keep their money off network (a network of millions of traders), because keeping the funds unlocked is worth more than the slight savings on transaction cost they could offer.
the only businesses that tend to operate on such a system of amortizing transaction fees are ones that are heavily reliant on micro-transactions, business with tipping like Twitch.
But Twitch would rather you have to lock all your funds to the Twitch network, rather than have a token that you could use on Twitch and a bunch of other sites, so they're not likely to adopt Lightning.
I've still yet to hear a convincing use case for Lightning that doesn't already assume Lightning is so big you can use it like a bank account.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:36:30


Any currency has an equivalent amount in other currency in a single moment in time. Deflation and inflation occur over time, you cannot measure them in a single moment in time.
What matters is relative change over time. If you have 1 bitcoin and $10,000 (assume those are equal in value), there is no immediate opportunity cost of spending one over another. there is a strong opportunity cost over time if one increases in value and the other decreases. If you spend the bitcoin you're left with something that goes down in value and miss out on the increases in value. If you spend the dollars, you're left with something that goes up in value and miss out on the loss of value inflation would have caused.


My point was there's a difference between milk halving in price because the cost to produce is halved by competition and innovation, and the price of milk halving because it costs exactly the same to produce but the value of currency has doubled. 
Deflation interfering with the price mechanism is one of its biggest problems. Deflation can drive prices below cost of production, which collapses previously profitable businesses. A milk farmer reducing price by reducing costs cannot drive the price of his milk below production that way.
This is a fundamental distortion of the price mechanism. When supply drops relative to demand, prices should rise to indicate there is not enough supply to meet demand. However with deflation prices can fall even as supply falls relative to demand. This leads to misallocation of resources. In a healthy market, prices falling is a signal that supply is rising relative to demand. This stops us over-producing things we already have too much of.


There's a confounding variable you're not accounting for there, which is that if you have an increase in people using bitcoin, even if the average user uses it less, there can be an overall increase in use. i.e. if you go from 1,000 people with bitcoin to 100,000, and the average user goes from using it once a month to once a year, you would still see an increase in use despite a huge decrease in per capita use.
When bitcoin is "mooning", this is representing a lot of new people who never had bitcoin before entering the market. This is not the same thing as everyone already having bitcoin and "mooning" increasing use.
Increase in speculation is also not the same thing as an increase in adoption. Gold speculation is much more common now than 100 years ago, but use of gold as currency is not.
In 2014, 5 out of the top 500 US retailers accepted bitcoin, now its 3 out of 500. I'm not sure what numbers you're referencing but I'd be surprised if all the business done outside of the top 500 combined added up to one of those retailers.
@_date: 2019-01-25 15:48:50
The US inflaton rate hasn't been over 4% in the last 10 years, it hasn't been over 3% in 6 years.
It's currently 1.9%
@_date: 2018-03-27 22:39:07


Buying steel increases the available amount of steel in the world, whether directly from a manufacturer or indirectly through the supply chain (which always feeds back to suppliers). When you buy a ton of steel, the manufacturer makes enough money to produce more than 1 ton of steel. It adds to the total amount of wealth on earth. It's elastic supply. 
Land is not elastic supply. If you buy an acre of land, it doesn't give the landmaker enough money to produce another acre of land and more on top. It doesn't signal to the market there's unmet demand for land so more people enter the land-making business. There is no land maker. The land is just a pre-existing natural resource like the sun or the hydrosphere. 
Lots of people speculating on land cannot directly or indirectly produce any more land-wealth than already exist, it simply pulls money away from productive ventures and allows for rent seeking. It is destructive to overall wealth production, it is a dysfunctional market made possible only by a government granted monopoly.
a company isn't a finite resource like a piece of land, there is no limit on how many companies there can be, or how many shares in a company there can be. If you buy a company from one person they can use the money to go build another one, and you only make money with the company you bought if it generates value.
Just because someone who buys 0.1% of a company doesn't seem to be doing much to contribute to it, doesn't mean its unearned wealth anymore than if they own 99% of a company. Their smaller contribution is reflected by a much smaller share of the gains (and losses) of the company. If a company is owned by 1000 people who all own 0.1%, does that mean none of them are contributing to the running of the company?


consistent 2-4% annual inflation is much more tolerable than a currency that inflates and deflates 50% in the span of a few months, especially since when people aren't hoarding a currency, they're not holding it for long enough for that to be the effective rate of inflation. Most people spend their entire paycheck (or invest it) within 1 or 2 months of getting it, rendering the effective inflation rate a fraction of that (since wages adjust to inflation/deflation). Most people are only losing 0.2-0.3% of the value of a dollar before spending it. 


And yet nearly every merchant who has accepted bitcoin has used some kind of trusted 3rd party like bitpay or coinbase to do so. what does that tell you about how well bitcoin delivers on its promise to decentralize payments?


How does bitcoin going up in value make it more useful as a currency? It only distorts its utility as a currency by encouraging people to hoard it, which both significantly reduces velocity (which is bad for a currency), and causes volatility from encouraging speculation which leads to speculative bubbles.
@_date: 2018-03-01 20:10:15


People just switch to a stable fiat currency like the USD


Okay so why isn't this happening?
Claims that bitcoin is being used to "bank the unbanked" in the developing world are as unbacked as the claim its being used as currency.
Zimbabwe is as close to a perfect opportunity as you could hope for and nobody is using bitcoin to replace a hyper-inflationary currency. The USD is the most popular currency in Zimbabwe since the Zimbabwean dollar collapsed. In fact the USD is highly deflationary in Zimbabwe because demand far outstrips supply.
People in Zimbabwe use bitcoin the same way as people use it everywhere else, as a speculative investment and as a way of moving assets around without governments being able to block/seize it. No one is using it as a currency. They couldn't possibly, its far too volatile and deflationary. Hell USD are too deflationary in zimbabwe, something that went up 1000% on the global market in a year is totally unusable as currency.
It takes a strong level of faith to believe that none of this is due to inherent problems in bitcoin and is all just growing pains and soon bitcoin is going to take over. The same reasons people don't use bitcoin as a currency now are only going to get worse. Blind faith in things like Lightning to solve all problems is a dead end.
@_date: 2019-01-09 23:04:19


If demand drops, and supply doesn't drop to match, then price will fall, since there will be the same supply for less demand. How is this a good thing for "sound money"?
At least with something like gold, people actually stop mining as much if the price drops. Bitcoins difficult adjustment ensures any drop in demand will cause a drop in price.
That new bitcoins will stop being produced in about 100 years time, likely after you're dead or bitcoin is long obsolete, does not explain why its a good thing for new bitcoins to still produced in their thousands today, if you're saying there is no need for supply of a currency to match demand and in fact its a bad thing if supply increases to match demand.
If fixed supply is a good thing, and increasing supply of currency is not, then you need to explain why it is a good thing that new bitcoins are continually being made even when price is going down which since supply is fixed means demand has gone down.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:04:19
value never decreases. Bitcoin only ever goes on sale. 1 BTC = 1 BTC.
@_date: 2018-02-20 15:49:54


That's by definition a speculative position. 
Why expect anyone is buying bitcoin for reasons different to yourself? You're not buying bitcoin based on what you think its worth today, but what you think it might be worth in the future. If everyone does this you very quickly get a price completely divorced from its actual value, since fixed supply means any increase in demand, for any reason, will increase price
Then speculators use this as a self-fulfilling prophecy, "bitcoin must be valuable in the future otherwise why would anyone keep paying so much money for it?"


Top 500 retailers works as the most practical proxy for this number since this number is not publicly available.
Sales records aren't public records, counting up hundreds of tiny retailers who might have listed bitcoin as an experiment who have barely any sales. A single one of the top 500 retailers likely accounts for more traffic than the rest put together.


The expediency of what? being slower and less widely accepted than cash? Cash has a 0% chance of not going through.
I'm guessing you're in Silicon Valley or some other place where its being done as an experiment if there are 3 different places in your area accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-12 13:49:19
The last sentence of his comment contradicts the rest of the post.
Currency isn't something you should be thinking of buying or selling, unless your job is a currency exchange. Currency is what you use to buy and sell goods and services. If you're not using it that way you're not using it as a currency. If you're thinking about it that way you're not going to be focused on developing any ways to use it because what you want to use it for directly contradicts the use case of currency.
The idea that somehow everyone can just hoard bitcoin for decades and suddenly its going to become this functional currency which will make all of the early "investors" millionaires is a fantasy.
Bitcoin speculation won't transform bitcoin into a currency anymore than gold speculation has transformed gold into a currency.
@_date: 2019-01-13 14:13:11


Bootstrapping for 100 years?
Doesn't sound very temporary to me if everyone will most likely be dead by the time new coins stop being mined and bitcoin will be obsolete.


new coins are increasing the total number of possible coins anyone can own. Selling existing coins is not increasing the total number of coins anyone can own, it is zero sum.
This is such a basic concept its amazing anyone would try to obfuscate it and pretend there's no difference.
The fact there is a theoretical limit is irrelevant. There is a theoretical limit of gold in the solar system, it doesn't mean if someone mines millions of tons of gold and puts it into circulation on the markets they haven't added to the supply of gold, or that the laws of supply and demand cease to exist.
If supply increases while demand stays the same, price will decrease, which is one of the reasons bitcoins price has been crashing recently since demand has fallen while supply has continued to increase.
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:31:32
Why did you link to someone saying "I don't know if this is intentional" as evidence of deliberate spam then?
The other links are just the same without the author being honest enough to admit they don't know what those transactions were for.
We already know there are periodically lots of high volume low-fee transactions, what people are looking for is evidence that its intentionally to jam up the network and not for some other purpose.
The idea you can "visually identify" deliberate spam is nonsense, those are indistinguishable from people just trying to make high volume of low fee transactions in a short span of time.
@_date: 2019-01-07 19:54:35


Deflation benefits those currently holding most of their wealth in cash at the expense of those with most of their wealth in assets, it has nothing to do with how productive you are. If someone has neither cash nor assets, or perfectly balanced amounts of cash and assets then it will make no difference to them either way, regardless of how productive they are as any gain/loss in the value of money will be offset by an equivalent gain/loss in the value of assets.
 A hobo who was just given $10 would see a net gain from 10% deflation as they have no other assets that could depreciate, and their $10 will now buy 10% more tan it did before. a factory owner who owns a $1,000,000 factory and $100,000 in cash would suffer a net loss, since their cash would appreciate to $110,000 equivalent value, but the factory would depreciate by $100,000, meaning a net loss of $90,000 in real terms
Deflation wouldn't increase the value of earnings. If money doubles in value everyone doesn't just keep getting paid the same. If money is worth twice as much that means everything else is worth half as much. Deflation/inflation cannot magic wealth from nowhere.


Hayek was one of the founders of the austrian school of economics. There is no debate over whether he's an austrian school economist or not.
The only reason to dispute whether he is or not is if you're still reasoning by analogy, and think austrian = ancap = good, and anything that goes against your beliefs = bad = keynsian, and therefore if Hayek said something you disagree with, he's not a "true" austrian.
Hayek and Friedman both won a nobel prize in part for their work on theory of money. I'm not sure why you're trying to discredit an theory advocated by two nobel prize winning economists, one austrian, and one chicago, by calling it Keynsian, especially when Friedman won his nobel prize in large part for correcting Keynes' flawed theory of money.
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:51:45


What problem is it solving? 
You just said you don't care if its accepted for retailers, which means you don't care if its a useful currency, you just want it to be valuable, in other words you want someone to pay you more money for something simply because you bought it earlier than they did.
This isn't solving a problem its just trying to get rich on speculation, which only work for as long as you can convince new speculators that they'll get rich if they buy this thing off you.
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:50:53


Iron makes a bad currency because it rusts and is brittle.
Copper and nickel on the other hand make fine currency, they're still in use all over the world as coins, although copper is becoming too rare for lower value coins so countries are turning to copper plated coins rather than pure copper.
Gold stopped being used in coins because its too rare and so is too deflationary. Nothing happened to gold from the time it was being used in coins to now other than it became too valuable to use as currency.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:24:39
National Guard shot college students dead in the 70s over nothing.
If militias actually started attacking the government the military would have no concerns about fighting back.
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:27:08


I've just been living my life. I'm sure I could find somewhere if I deliberate went looking, but I wouldn't need to if bitcoin was actually taking off as a payment method. i didn't need to go looking for Subways or Starbucks when they started becoming popular, I just started seeing them around.
I could probably find someone who accepts silver and gold coins as payment if I looked hard enough but it wouldn't prove silver and gold are taking off as payment options.


you're not talking about using bitcoin as a currency then, just as an asset.
If its not a useful currency, why do you think its valuable? Just because its artificially scarce?
@_date: 2019-01-04 19:19:24


Deflation transfers value from people who own productive assets towards people who have money, it thereby disincentivizes production and incentivizes hoarding money instead of putting it to productive uses.
For example, lets say you have $1,000,000 to invest, with an annual deflation rate of 10%. 
Let's say you decided to invest that $1,000,000 in building a factory, that will yield a 10% annual ROI, so $100,000 a year.
This will be more effort and risk, for the same amount of return as just sitting on the $1,000,000 and waiting for it to increase 10% in value year on year.
In fact, its worse, because every year the factory you bought will be depreciating in value. It will lose $100,000 of value in the first year, so even if you made $100,000 in the first year, you are only breaking even. You would need to produce $200,000 of wealth to increase your wealth by the same amount as just sitting on the $1,000,000, which generates no wealth.
@_date: 2018-03-07 21:48:28
If only there was some other data to go by that could tell us whether transaction volume is down overall.
Guess not, better go by how well your ecommerce store is doing.
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:35:21
I'm asking for an actual real world use case besides speculation, money laundering, and black markets.
Saying it solves the problem of "decentralized trust" is a circular argument, you might as well say it solves the problem of "bitcoin not existing".
Cowry shells are decentralized and trustless, it doesn't make them a useful currency. Cowry shells don't solve any problem because they're fucking useless since better currency was invented.
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:41:53


He was in charge of setting the rate of inflation. The fact it can't be changed doesn't stop it being centrally planned. There was no decentralized planning of bitcoin supply.  It follows the schedule set by one person based on a guess that turned out to be wrong. Supply doesn't react to any market mechanism.


Gold supply is set by the market, not physics. Gold price goes up, supply goes up, gold price goes down, supply goes down. That's what a non-centrally planned supply looks like.
There is more gold in the oceans than all the land on earth. It's too expensive to extract. If someone works out a cheap way of doing it the supply of gold will skyrocket and the price will crash.
@_date: 2019-01-05 21:56:08


You're not accounting for the impact velocity has.
If you bury $1,000 and no one ever finds it, or you burn it, the effect is effectively the same. There is no way for the economy to tell the difference between money that has ceased to exist versus money that has never been spent.
It's not the existence of money that effects the economy but its continued circulation in the economy in facilitating trade. Just the same was as there being trillions of dollars worth of gold in the oceans doesn't affect the market price for gold because none of it is accessible at present.
It's not only the absence of $1,000 in the economy that needs to be accounted for, but the multiplier effect of how many times it changes hand. In its lifetime $1 can change hands hundreds and even thousands of times. 
In economics this is described to by the [Equation of Exchange]( Quantity of money x velocity = price level x expenditure on new goods, although there's a few different ways of measuring/describing it, much like GDP is only one measure of wealth produced.
Whether you half the quantity of a currency or half the velocity the effect is (largely) the same, there will be half as much currency circulating in the economy, therefore if there is the same amount of demand, for half as much currency, the value of that currency will be roughly double (i.e. prices will be half what they were before).
This is how you can get large deflationary spirals even when no money is destroyed, simply from a runaway feedback mechanism of small decrease in velocity -&gt; small increase in deflation -&gt; small decrease in spending -&gt; small decrease in velocity.
Of course there's a natural limit to the stickiness of currencies and even in relatively mild deflationary spirals people will quickly resort to barter instead of trying to trade with deflationary currency.


It's the incentive to hold money instead of using it to create value that is the problem, not a disincentive. 
So long as some percentage of the population is creating new wealth then someone with money doesn't have to do anything to increase their share of wealth since ownership of currency is as a percentage of total wealth. Only people with the largest sums of money (many millions or hundreds of millions of dollars) can benefit significantly in this way (i.e. 4% deflation for someone with $1,000 in savings is $40 a year, for someone with $10,000,000 in savings its enough to never have to work again, or ever decrease their fortune from its original amount. In fact they can never work again and grow the real value of their fortune simply by exploiting a flawed monetary system that thankfully doesn't exist.
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:07:16
Not entirely surprising when the majority of trade is speculation on exchanges and lots of exchanges have high minimum transaction amounts and fees.
There are exchanges that won't even let you open an account for less than $10,000.
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:57:50
It has to be a truly random sample for that to be true, and its basically impossible to do that via survey because of how selection bias works.
If you go to a homeless shelter or prison and interview 525 people you will not get results that are 95% representative of a 10 million nation.
@_date: 2018-03-07 21:50:51
Andreas gets corrected in the very first reply to his tweet.
@_date: 2019-01-07 19:59:52
No, I'm saying if you're increasing your share of wealth without adding to the total amount of wealth you're being a rent-seeking parasite. 
I'd advise you not to "hodl" bitcoin because its lost over half its value in the last year and its not backed by anything other than speculative demand on artificial scarcity.
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:17:15


That means its price can never stabilize unless the amount of goods and services being traded is also fixed (which its not, it grows over time as economies develop, and different economies grow and shrink at different rates so you need supply rates for different currencies).
In fact because bitcoins are gradually lost over time (its possible the loss rate has already exceeded new supply since 4 million are estimated to have already been lost), then this guarantees the price cannot stabilize unless the value of goods and services being traded gradually declines over time.
So if you want a stable currency to preside over the gradual collapse of civilization, bitcoin is the one for you. Otherwise it will never stabilize. Well, except at 0 after its abandoned for not being a stable currency.
Currency is for trading things of value, it has no value in itself. You don't want it to change value you want it to stay the same so it can be a reliable medium of exchange. If you don't scale the quantity of currency with the volume and value of trade then you will get distortions in the market, either inflation or deflation.
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:38:35


That is my point, although what they really need is a mechanism to adjust supply to demand, not just a fixed inflation/deflation rate. Any fixed supply rate means you will have over/under-supply unless demand stays at exactly the same rate. if demand skyrockets, you will get high deflation and hoarding, and if demand plummets you will get high inflation and overspending. Neither are good for the stability or utility of a currency. All previous currencies, from gold to Cowry shells have had some kind of mechanism to adjust supply to meet demand, some better than others.
"spend and replace" is the result of people wanting to hoard bitcoin (because its deflationary), but not admit this to themselves because they realize that if bitcoin is meant to be valuable because its a medium of exchange, people actually need to exchange it instead of just hoarding it.
So to have their cake and eat it too, they spend bitcoin, and then immediately buy it back. But you can't buy it back off the same person you gave it to otherwise it just looks stupid and its obvious what you're doing, so instead you buy it back off a 3rd person, and then you can fool yourself into thinking that you're using bitcoin as a currency when really you're still using fiat as a currency but are temporarily trading bitcoin back and forth to create the illusion you're using it as currency.
Course only a small number of enthusiast speculators feel a need to do this which is why so few places accept bitcoin even though there are apparently millions of people with bitcoin. Most people are just content to HODL without pretending they care about using it as currency.
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:02:11


Someone with 20 million francs still has 20 million francs. They're also worthless, apart from the paper they're printed on.
If someone is concerned about the value of a currency dropping saying "its still worth one of itself" is meaningless. It shows a fundamental lack of understanding about what currency is.
@_date: 2018-03-06 14:29:49


I'm talking about the phenomenon that sees deflationary coins pulled from circulation.
This is not set by the overall "cheapness", but by the rate of value change. It doesn't how cheap the coin is to begin with, so long as the commodity value does not rise above the currency value. 
A nickel has twice the metal value of a copper penny, and 3x the value of a dime. People aren't melting down or withdrawing nickels from circulation because even though a nickel has more metal value than a penny and a dime, a nickel is still worth more as a coin than as an asset, so there is no incentive to revert it from a currency to an asset. This ensures proper functioning of a nickel as currency.
Deflationary commodities are fundamentally unsuitable for coinage because the asset value of the currency will always rise above the face value on a long enough time frame, which makes it impossible to use as a currency, as it can't keep a steady value.
You can no longer price anything in gold or silver (and increasingly copper) coins because every gold coin is now worth more as gold than as a coin, meaning you have to work out how much the metal is worth rather than just looking at the number on the coin.
Bitcoin has suffered a similar fate. you cannot price anything in bitcoin, you can only work out how much bitcoins commodity value is in fiat and then price it in that, which makes it fundamentally unsuitable as currency because you have to check the commodity value every time you want to use it. Bitcoin can only function at all so long as a currency like fiat exists to facilitate its pricing and trade. Without another currency people would have no way of knowing how much it is worth, and since it has no underlying value it would become worthless since you couldn't facilitate any trade with it.
It only works now as a speculative asset and an intermediary for fiat to help avoid regulations on fiat that aren't yet being enforced on bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-07 13:32:53


This is true, so long as the economy doesn't grow. If the economy stays the same size and the supply of currency stays the same then relative value of currency will stay the same. 
However in practice economies grow, and money is lost. Which means unless the supply of currency increases at pace with the economy (and enough to replace lost currency), then there will be relative deflation, i.e. each unit of currency will grow to represent a larger and larger amount of wealth in the economy. Any time this is happening you are providing an opportunity for people to enrich themselves by simply holding onto currency rather than using it for trade, which discourages any wealth generation with a lower rate of return than deflation.
Most importantly, economies don't all grow/shrink at the same rate. Some economies have periods of prosperity where the economy grows 10% a year, others have periods of depression where the economy shrinks 10%. It is impossible for one currency to simultaneously be in correct supply for a growing and shrinking economy. If an economy is shrinking then even a fixed supply currency will be inflationary, because the quantity of goods and services being traded is shrinking while the quantity of trade tokens is shrinking, meaning each token represents a smaller and smaller amount of wealth in the economy.
It's true that bitcoin would be a lot less deflationary if it was already being used to trade all the worlds economic activity, since then the demand would only be growing at the rate of global economic growth.
However its academic because it would have to go through years of supply exponentially decreasing while demand exponentially increases to get to that point, which would require exponential increases in price which are not sustainable. 80% of bitcoins have already been distributed with less than 1% of the population using it and far less than 1% of all trade using it. To get even 10% of the population using it then demand would have to skyrocket, but that demand would have to be from speculators alone, because the price would be far too volatile and deflationary during that time to see adoption as a currency.
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:46:21


It still takes up blockchain space by opening and closing channels, its just divided by the number of transactions done on that channel. You can get the space it will take on the blockchain low, but never to 0, unless you never close the channel, in which case it brings up the question of why you need the blockchain if you can securely trade off-chain without ever using the blockchain to settle a transaction.
In fact if you open a channel, only make 1 transaction and then close the channel its taken twice the space as just transacting on chain.


you have to factor fiat on-ramp and off-ramps into this process to determine whether its actually being used as a currency or as an intermediate for fiat.
encouraging use of bitcoin as an intermediate is not the same thing as encouraging its use as a currency. 
Let's say I write an IOU for $20, and give it to James, James owes Sam $20, so James gives Sam the IOU because Sam knows me and trusts I will give him $20 for it.
No matter how many times that IOU changes hand it doesn't ever become more than an intermediary for fiat, despite the fact its being used to settled debts. Anyone accepting it is only accepting it on the expectation it can be redeemed for $20 and if it either ceases to be redeemable then it becomes worthless.
The idea of "rebuying" bitcoin immediately shifts it from a currency to an asset traded in another currency. In the grand scheme bitcoin isn't moving anywhere, its just temporarily changes hands to help transact fiat, as a bucket moves around to transport water.
If bitcoins only ever used as a way of indirectly trading fiat then it is dependent on fiat and fiat exchanges to be useful, which undermines the idea its decentralized because it has centralized points of failure. For bitcoin to become something more than a vessel for fiat people need to start accepting it based on its own value, not simply because it can be redeemed for fiat. 
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:46:47


That no longer applies in the digital world. Hell it didn't even apply in the paper world, people were mostly trading gold in certificate form during the gold standard, no one bothered using actual gold as currency (even though it was legal tender) for exactly the reasons you say.
online high frequency trading is trading oil, gold, steel and other commodities back and forth thousands of times in a single second. Theres no need to actually physically move objects to trade ownership of them.
you could use something like BitGold as currency if you wanted to, but you won't for the same reason people don't want to use bitcoin as a currency. Currency exists to trade value, and there's no point trading something that increases in value when you can trade something that decreases in value instead.


The gold standard wasn't intentionally inflationary or deflationary. The increase in currency supply was limited by the amount of gold in the world. If the supply of gold exceeded the demand for currency then the currency would be inflationary, if the demand for currency exceeded the supply of gold then the 
The dollar became deflationary in the 1930s because the Federal reserve could not acquire any more gold to print more dollars. This caused people to start hoarding gold and dollars because they realized they'd keep going up in value. This collapsed the economy with a deflationary spiral and was only fixed when the government outlawed gold hoarding and started printing more dollars.
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:15:23
I mean francs, I'm specifically talking about a currency that is still worth 1 of itself but is now worthless (aside from the paper/metal its printed on) because no one uses it as currency anymore.
@_date: 2018-02-08 23:44:48
Did this same thing with my Blockbuster shares.
You either HODL and become a hero or SODL and become a zero.
Weak hands just don't get it, they don't have the heart nor the gumption.
@_date: 2018-02-02 14:03:10
There's an obvious contradiction with the idea that bitcoin is valuable because its useful currency if everyone is buying it to make money not because they have any intention of using it as currency.
Everyone is expecting other people to make them rich.
Of course Bitcoin is going to be a revolutionary new currency thats going to change the world and bank the unbanked, its just *other* people who are going to make it a usable currency.
It requires a lot of blind faith that at some point other people will start using it as currency and make you rich because of it, even though that's not how currency works.
If you look at the evolution of all currencies in human history not a single one had the adoption pattern that people seem to think bitcoin will have, which is people just hoarding it for years and then suddenly everyone starts using it when it hits some critical mass.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:46:39


Took this exact same advice with my shares in Blockbuster
My FUDing financial adviser wanted me to panic sell but I told him no way am I locking in those losses.
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:52:55
Stop FUDing.
Lightning is already changing the world, look at how low fees have become since mainnet launched.
How much is Roger paying you? Must be pretty desperate now his shitcoin has no reason to exist.
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:59:09


LN relies on bitcoin as the settlement layer. Meaning transactions are only settled when someone closes the lightning channel.
@_date: 2018-03-02 17:20:58
First movers ALWAYS stay dominant forever.
Think of any area of technology, especially to do with networks, and you will see that the first to market always remains dominant.
anyone who says otherwise is a FUDing Ver-loving shitcoiner who has no capacity for love or imagination.
@_date: 2019-01-05 20:31:02


You're citing the exact reason deflationary assets will never be widely adopted as currency.
No one delays consumption forever, and when it comes time to consume, no one prefers to spend a currency that appreciates over a currency that depreciates, and no one wants to accept a currency that no one wants to spend. If you don't believe me, try going to any store, or even an independent street seller and offering the gold or silver equivalent as payment. Tell them how much better a store of value it is than dirty old fiat and see if that helps it be a usable currency.
Something you buy with money, hold on to for years at a time and then sell for money, is not a currency, its an asset. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:46:33
You think the IMFs policy is "subtlety" enforced by the US military?
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:49:41
This is what happens when you think something you have no intention of using as currency will make you a millionaire off a small investment because of how useful it will be as currency.
@_date: 2018-02-10 20:52:48
I mean it depends how narrowly you're going to define "more people accepting it".
If 1 store that has a million customers drops bitcoin, but 2 stores that have 10 customers start accepting it, then technically "more store are accepting bitcoin", although in reality the amount of trade being accepted in bitcoin has drastically reduced.
@_date: 2018-03-12 13:28:48
I had a big reply typed out but my browser crashed and I couldn't be bothered to retype it so I just forgot about it to be honest.
I'll have another go in a bit since you seem interested in hearing challenging views which is always to be encouraged.
@_date: 2018-02-12 23:52:40
I've had plenty of thought provoking responses on here that have helped me improve my knowledge of economics in general and crypto specifically. yours has not been one of them.
do you think you're going to persuade me to not post here simply by complaining that I think something different to you while refusing to make decent arguments in support of your position? 
there's a "block user" button for a reason, which I will take advantage of now to stop being bothered by your mindless whining that someone has a different opinion to you on the internet.
@_date: 2018-03-02 17:57:21


This pretty much backs up what I've been saying, yet whenever I point that out I get "oh yeah, bitcoin is good for XYZ", even though that's not really why they have bitcoin.


You can gamble with anything of value, but that doesn't make "you can gamble with it" a use case. You can bet your house on a hand of cards, a few people have, but its not a use case for houses, its not why houses are valuable.
Did you buy bitcoin because it was better for gambling than fiat? 
There are side businesses that are profiting off the flood of money going into speculation, money laundering and black markets but these are not genuine use cases, they don't exist without the underlying use cases.
It's like people buying houses in bitcoin. This is not solving any problem of buying a house, no one is buying bitcoin just so they can buy a house. People are buying houses in bitcoin A) because they're laundering money and B) because they've made lots of money speculating on bitcoin, and want to cash out in the form of the house.
People offer houses in bitcoin to appeal to both these groups, not because they can't sell the house in fiat, not because of any 3rd use. At worst it gets them free publicity from every "X now sold in bitcoin" story.
@_date: 2018-02-07 22:08:21


TCP/IP wasn't the first protocol, NCP was.
Although you said "dominant first protocol" so I guess you could say that TCP/IP was the first "dominant" protocol. But that's begging the question, if you just say any protocol that came first that got replaced wasn't the first "dominant" one. That's just saying "whatever protocol wins out in the end tends to win", but in a more obscure way. 
TCP/IP is part of the basic infrastructure that the entire internet depends on, that would be incredibly difficult and costly to try and switch over.
Bitcoin isn't being used to run basic telecoms infrastructure of the entire planet, it's barely used for anything at the moment besides speculation and black market trading.
Do you honestly think its as difficult and costly to switch from Bitcoin to another coin as it is to switch from TCP/IP to a new protocol? The nature of forking makes adopting new coins basically costless for the end user. There is almost no cost to switching other than what is most useful. The network effects from speculation are negligible.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:24:40








@_date: 2018-03-20 23:36:56


Amazon has over 2 million sellers on its network. LN has less than 1000 nodes, most of those aren't sellers.
If the value proposition is that once a network is big enough, then you won't have to worry about committing funds because anything you might want to buy or sell is already being sold on that network then Amazon is already 99% of the way there. Lightning isn't even 1% of the way there. You will have to be opening and closing new channels constantly while so few people are using it.
amortizing 1% credit card fees down to 0.01% (or whatever a realistic number is) isn't a problem anyone gives a shit about which is why Amazon don't offer a discount for paying by gift card even though they could easily build that into the system. They can just pocket that small amount of profit because there's no competition.
Centralization is efficient, that's why Walmart crushes mom and pop stores. You need a viable use case, you can't just say "decentralization" as if that solves a problem.


Most microtransactions are already with large centralized merchants like iTunes, Twitch, Amazon etc. Some of them just eat the cost directly to subsidize their business, whereas others amortize with upfront costs.
The ones that are already eating the cost you're not offering any value proposition from LN because LN would just require more effort and fees. the ones that are currently amortizing you would only be getting a very marginal benefit from having one LN channel rather than a few different pre-committed funds. How many microtransaction services do you think the average person actually uses or wants to use? 
That's why you need to detail a use case that can build LN from less than 1000 people to rivaling paypal/amazon, not just say "microtransactions" like its self-explanatory.
@_date: 2018-03-12 23:22:44
If its not going to speed up the process of adoption then it seems a bad idea to put any significant amount of funds on it because a big scandal of 000s dollars lost of Lightning will hurt future adoption a lot more than it could help. Seems you should wait for the devs to say "its ready for use now".
I haven't heard the podcast you're talking about, and whether it was before or after these comments but I can't think what has changed since multiple developers all made comments about people using main net for commerce being a bad idea.
@_date: 2018-02-18 14:57:54
Market cap is not a measure of how much money has been moved.
If the price immediately went up to $20,000, it doesn't require 180 billion dollars to move into the market, if that much money moved in the price would go much higher than $20,000
Only a small amount of bitcoins are being bought and sold. When people bid up or down the price of these, and then you apply that price to all bitcoins it is not how much money has actually moved into or out of the market.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:47:16


ETH handles 5-10x more transactions than bitcoins, so no, by usage Bitcoin does not have 90% market share.
Obviously you mean some completely unquantifiable form of usage that is somehow more important than daily transactions.


I already said I was happy to go with another metric, I don't know why you're being so insulting about it. I just assumed you weren't going by actual usage because bitcoin only handles a small number of overall transactions.
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:53:20
I don't see what the worry is unless you're holding huge quantities of cash for long periods of time (which is a bad idea because money only generates wealth when its used for trade).
If the USD crashed tomorrow I would barely be effected because I don't keep most of my wealth in cash. I keep as little wealth in cash as possible because the only reason i want cash is to trade it for things I want. I don't get any use out of just having a big stack of paper when it could be a big stack of useful things that enhance my life.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:45:54


This is not a good sign of something you expect to be valuable because people use it to buy and sell goods and services.
@_date: 2018-03-02 16:25:08
Maximum 42coin that will ever exist : 42
42 coin is 500,000x better than bitcoin. That's math.
@_date: 2018-03-04 14:20:25


Because it involved most of the world, not because literally every country was at war.
There were several neutral powers in europe, let alone the rest of the world.
Switzerland wasn't at war with anyone, and had low levels of debt. in fact they made a lot of money off WW2, which invalidates the theory that everyone did it because of war debt.
Switzerland got rid of the gold standard in 2000, by popular vote, it had nothing to do with WW2. Most countries didn't abandon the gold standard until decades after WW2.
You aren't even trying to prove your own argument wrong, with the most basic of tests like "are there any countries that contradict my theory?". you're just going with "it was war debt" because its a simple way to dismiss the real arguments against the gold standards, and the reasons why every country has abandoned it.


And there are independent states that made their own fiat currency when they gained their independence. They have their own central banks and mints, there was/is nothing at all stopping them from pegging it to gold if its truly a better currency apart from the fact it would destroy their economy through deflationary spirals. 
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:56:14
I thought banks wanted to destroy crypto?
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:43:06


I've never spent years of my life learning about economics at a high level university, or spent years working as a professional economist, but I'm pretty sure I have a better grasp of economics than someone who was formerly the chief economist at the IMF.
That FUDing shitcoiner needs to watch some Andreas Antonopoulos youtube videos for real.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:38:40
Money is just tokens to allow people to trade things when they don't want to barter, they don't have any inherent value.
If the same token keeps buying more and more, that means someone else has to keep receiving less and less. It's not magicking value from nowhere. Every transaction has both a buyer and a seller.
If you have $10,000 in cash, and a bar worth $400,000, 10% deflation is not your friend. Your cash might have another $1,000 of purchasing power but you just lost $40,000 off the value of your bar.
If your $400,000 bar is only making $20,000 a year, and there's 10% deflation, you will make more money selling the bar for cash than you would bothering to run it.
This is how deflation causes deflationary spirals, because it creates an incentive to offload assets that generate wealth in favor of hoarding money, which generates no wealth.
Course this only matters when deflation happens to a currency. The vast majority of people using bitcoin aren't using it as a currency, but as a speculative asset traded with another currency. In this case its just speculators taking other peoples money. 
tl:dr; - there's a reason why every country in the world has abandoned deflationary currencies as a mainstream currency, and a reason that Aristophanes over 2000 years ago complained about how everyone was hoarding gold coins and just using brass ones for trade.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:38:20
It could, but why would it? Bitcoin is not an especially stable form of wealth. Prices are very volatile.
The only argument for a huge migration of wealth from a stable source to bitcoin would be if you wanted to try and make tons of money from the resultant demand spike.
This is still more "bitcoin will be worth something because you can get rich quick" instead of "bitcoin will be worth something because its a useful currency".
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:49:46


Which says A) minor fees don't matter next to being slightly more convenient B) if fees were an issue people would just refuse to use anything other than free ATMs


The average bitcoin transaction fee is far higher than the average cash fee. You can say "well that's only because people over-pay, its fully possible to pay much lower fees by waiting longer", but you can say exactly the same thing about cash. It's perfectly possible to pay 0 fees ever on cash transactions, you can't say the same thing about bitcoin. You've got to either compare the average vs the average or the ideal vs the ideal, not the ideal of bitcoin vs the average of cash.
The fee ratio is not an accurate comparison when the average bitcoin transaction value is $45,000, and has been as high as $180,000.
Of course BTC fee ratio is going to be small when the average transaction is so big. 
If people were using it to move $10 every day instead of $10,000 every year, then the fee ratio would be much higher, both because of increased pressure on blockspace and because fees would not make up a much bigger portion of each transaction.
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:38:48
Why are you so opposed to people challenging your beliefs?
I welcome my beliefs being challenged because its how I learn which ideas I have don't hold up to scrutiny, that's why I'm here, to test my theories about how currency works.
Why are *you* here? To engage in a mindless cheerleading session for a speculative good?
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:29:44
I don't know what point you think I'm trying to make but nothing you said contradicts anything I've said.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:42:37
How does just holding something encourage the use of it as currency?
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:15:53
So you think the price can go from $19,000 to $7,220,000,000?
Because if you don't then its not the same opportunity. The opportunity to become a millionaire from a few hundred dollars is already long since past.
The opportunity for newcomers is to make the early adopters millionaires and billionaires whilst shouldering far more risk for far less possible reward.
@_date: 2018-02-25 16:25:42
E-mail has an S-Curve adoption, same as B-itcoin.
I bought 10 emails in 1984 and they're now worth the equivalent of 1,000,000 letters. I'll never sell my email for stamps now. TO THE E-MOON!
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:17:41


Are you saying those two things are related? It seems more likely that the massive crash in price is responsible, since Lightning has only seen a small and gradual increase in use throughout that time whereas transactions and price both peaked and crashed at the same time.
Lightning is still a small experiment, its devs dont even want people to be using it yet, I don't think you can credit it with being responsible for any larger movements in the market when such a small number of people are using it.
@_date: 2018-02-08 14:35:41


It's failed to replace Western Union (or any other remittance service). I never said its failed in everything. as I said its been successful as a speculative asset and as a black market trading tool, although its losing market share in the latter.


That's strange considering you keep replying and making points. When I want to stop talking to someone usually I just stop replying to them.
@_date: 2018-03-23 23:59:38


without an internet connection there's no way to verify. You could just print off some random strings and a QR code for a Rick Roll.
Are you honestly saying you would accept a paper wallet as payment for something without checking it? If so I'd like to make an offer on your house.
You don't need to check the internet to see if a dollar note or coin is real. Even if its forged currency, if you can't tell the difference just by looking at it then you'll still be able to use it because no one else will either.
Also, how is someone meant to give you change for a paper wallet? Are you saying everyone should just carry around paper wallets for every denomination of bitcoin? What do you do if the value of bitcoin drops or rises 20%, how would you even know you?


That's not using bitcoin, that's using fiat by VISA. You can get a debit card that can run off a precious metals brokerage account, it doesn't mean Amazon are accepting payment in precious metals, it means if you get a company to sell precious metals for fiat then you can spend that fiat. You can apply that to anything you can sell for fiat. 
The very fact that you're using a card that works on the centralized VISA interchange network and transfers fiat as proof of Bitcoins wide acceptance undermines your own argument. If it was actually widely accepted there'd be no need for a Shift card, since apparently Bitcoin is superior to centralized fiat, so the only reason to use fiat instead of bitcoin is because its not accepted places fiat is.


That was a speculative bubble in housing and credit default swaps, not the dollar. Do you think the crash was because the dollar halved in value? Did you not wonder why everything didn't double in price and it was just speculative bubbles in housing and credit default swaps that collapsed? 


Or they can just use their massive holdings to manipulate the price and get an even greater percentage. What do you think is stopping a large whale from shorting bitcoin, selling off a bunch of bitcoin, and then buying back even more bitcoin with the profits?


Bitcoin isn't usable currency in 99% of the world. You have to sell it for fiat (like with your Shift card) first, and then you're just ignoring the fees associated with converting bitcoin to fiat. 
There's a reason Western Union is still in business, its not because poor people are too stupid to realize spending $20 on Western Union fees is a bad idea if there's a better alternative.


You honestly think fiat will be abandoned in a few years?
Bitcoin has gone from being accepted by 5 out of the top 500 US retailers in 2014, to 3 in 2018. But you think by 2021 it will be 100% and fiat will be completely abandoned?


you seem to have confused "speculative asset" with "store of value". there shouldn't be any "dips" in a store of value, because that means anyone who bought before the dip no can't withdraw their value until the price goes back up. I can't believe anyone would believe price volatility is good 
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:27:21
you realize the more goods and services we produce, the more money you need to keep a consistent ratio of money to trade?
If you think there has been 100% inflation over the last 8 years, why hasn't the price of everything doubled?
@_date: 2018-02-07 19:39:30
80% of bitcoins have already been distributed, to less than 1% of the population, and 1% of those people own double digit percentages, somewhere between 20-40% of all bitcoins depending on what estimates you go by.
If 10% of the population owns the remaining 20% of bitcoins (which they won't, because distribution of new coins is still going into the hands of a small number of hoarding speculators), a tiny number of people will still hold the power to crash the price of the currency by flooding the market.
@_date: 2018-03-06 15:12:51


Currency is an emergent property. For it to work there needs to be roughly equal numbers of people trying to both spend it and accept it. 
If everyone tries to spend it and no one accepts it, its not a currency. If everyone accepts it and no one tries to spend it, its not a currency. Legal tender law helps ensure widespread acceptance of a currency, and keeping inflation to a couple percent helps ensure that there aren't too many people trying to spend it or not enough.
This is not a circular argument. People know gold is valuable but they also know not enough people try to spend gold as currency for it to be widely accepted, which self-reinforces. The reason people aren't spending them is because they keep going up in value and are too volatile to be used for pricing, and because fiat does a better job. Cigarettes see greater use as commodity currency than gold does now. 
The difference is, inflation and deflation are not symmetrical in their effects on currency. The only time in the last 100 years that dollars stopped being used as currency in significant numbers is during the Great Depression where 10% deflation caused such high rates of hoarding that people resorted to barter. We've had 10% inflation in the last 100 years and people weren't resorting to barter.


Between such small differences in inflation, things like legal tender law and which currency was widely accepted first would make much more difference in acceptance. There are high inflation currencies in widespread use, these countries aren't all abandoning their currency for low inflation USD. It takes Zimbabwe/Venezuela levels of hyper-inflation for someone to abandon legal tender in favor of a less inflationary currency non-legal tender.
I never said a higher rate inflationary currency would always displace a lower inflation currency, I said a mildly inflationary currency would displace a deflationary one. It's the profit incentive to hoard that does this. there is no profit incentive to hoard at any level of inflation. It's impossible to make profit from buying up currency and sitting on it even at 0.00001% inflation. The only way to make money from inflationary money is to make profitable trades. This is what keeps it in use, and what causes deflationary currencies to fall out of use, as hoarding is itself deflationary by reducing the available money supply which is what initiates deflationary spirals.


They don't actually, except in the few countries where dollars are deflationary (like zimbabwe, where hoarding is causing problems). Look up what the velocity of the average dollar is, its incredibly high. compared to something like bitcoin where most bitcoins haven't moved in over 6 months. you also can't hoard grain for very long before it rots. If we ever see mass hoarding of grain something has gone very badly wrong in the economy since there is no marginal utility of grain hoarding, the same applies to dollars. Currency only generates wealth by facilitating trade. A currency everyone hoards and no one uses to trade is worthless. If you can profit from hoarding currency its coming at others expense, the act itself generates no wealth.
@_date: 2018-02-28 21:09:38
except they're not really paying in bitcoin, they're selling their bitcoin to a third party, who then send you fiat in exchange.
they could sell their own bitcoin and just pay in fiat for less, you'd make more money and it would take less effort.
If you want to promote bitcoin then you actually need to accept bitcoin, not a selling-bitcoin-for-fiat service, that just encourages bitcoin to be only valued in fiat and not have its own purchasing power.
@_date: 2018-03-07 14:50:11


Closer to 0% of people have horse drawn carriages than 1%. Horse drawn carriages exist only as a novelty "experience", not as a competing form of transport. No one is still using Western Union for the rustic charm of being price gouged.


I assume you're talking about Lightning, who's devs don't want anyone using yet because its not ready.
This immediately switches the answer from "bitcoin is a solution to microtransactions" to "bitcoin might work for microtransactions if an off chain software project that has been in development for years works"


Can I see the data for this?


In 10 years, PayPal went from not existing to being one of the biggest payment services on the planet. It doesn't take that long to get big if you have a killer app. The only explanation that works in bitcoins favor is that its not ready yet, not that its already better and people are just too slow to realize it.


So its no more secure than old fashioned assets like gold. It's not some revolutionary new form of security. The cryptography isn't the weak link. When people have their accounts hacked its not because the cryptography got broken. Cryptography doesn't make bitcoin perfectly secure anymore than SSL makes credit card transactions perfectly secure. The weak link is everything else.
@_date: 2018-03-01 18:37:02
how are you measuring magnitude?
bundled sub-prime mortgages involved outright fraud and they represented a much greater magnitude of investment than all cryptos put together, and that value was completely wiped off the economy, it required governments around the world to engage in quantitative easing and borrowing to cover the shortfall.
The entire crypto market could collapse and it would barely make a dent in the global economy, especially because the actual amount of money invested is much lower than the stated value, so most of the losses would be paper losses of speculators who aren't doing anything productive.
The current market caps are a result of multiplying the current bitcoin price by all bitcoins, even though 4 million bitcoins are estimated to be lost for ever, and the velocity is extremely low.
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:24:39


Bitcoin has use cases where you don't need everyone to be using Bitcoin before its useful. In fact they're the only use cases that exist at the moment since less than 1% of the population are using it.
Paypal didn't require everyone to be using paypal in order for paypal to become useful, it just needed a strong use case, which was eBay. Once setting up a paypal account was less effort than trying to use any other payment method on eBay they had their growth strategy sorted.


We're not talking about the merits of bitcoin vs fiat, we're talking about the merits of amortizing transactions costs and transaction times. You can do that with both bitcoin and fiat.
If there really is such a strong need to bring down transaction costs and times by amortizing transaction costs then Amazon could already do it by accepting bitcoin for giftcards, and they would have 100,000x the trading network Lightning currently has.
People talk about "hub and spoke" being the answer to Lightnings problems, there are already giant hub and spoke trading networks that could be implementing this form of transaction amortization without the need to develop secondary network from scratch, but they don't really care because there's not much value in it.
No one is crying out for a way to pay $500 up-front to shave 10 cents off a transaction fee that is already eaten by the retailer and factored into the cost regardless of how you're paying.


By that logic gift-card funds aren't locked either, you can either spend them all or sell the gift card to someone else. If Amazon allowed you to sell their gift card funds back to them there'd be no difference, but they don't want to do that because there's no viable business model for amortizing negligible transaction fees like that. It's better for it to be a worse payment method because it makes them more money.
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:28:56




Neither of those are adding funds to the network, they're just moving around funds already on the network. Paying an exchange off-chain is the only one that works (does't add funds to the network but we can assume exchanges have enough liquidity on network for that not to matter). that requires exchanges to act as banks on the network, on both sides (fiat and crypto) which effectively allows them to control trade flows, which I had heard was something people didn't want for bitcoin.
If you assume everyone has all the money they'll ever need already on network, then yes of course you don't need to add any more funds. It needs to scale before getting to that point. Trade is highly asymmetric. Most people give lots of money to Amazon and eBay and receive nothing back. Lots of people get paid from businesses that they never spend any money at.
The only two options I've seen are to make centralized banks on the network, or else people will have to voluntarily spend much more money for less reliability/liquidity in order to preserve decentralization.
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:59:27
How do you measure strength then?
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:33:35
It's the US dollar, although the dollar is struggling from deflation in Zimbabwe because they can't get enough dollars into the country to meet demand, which is causing economic problems as people start hoarding them and dollars become hard to come by. Some banks have resorted to limiting withdrawals of dollars to $40 a week.
In an attempt to combat this deflation the government released its own bond note which was meant to be redeemable by the government for US dollars (similar to Tether), however the government are printing way too many of these and people have little faith in it holding its value.
So the Zimbabwean people are stuck between one currency that is too inflationary and another that is too deflationary.
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:50:42


NCP was around for 13 years before the switch to TCP/IP was made.
And that's ignoring the whole infrastructure analogy doesn't hold up.
What infrastructure is bitcoin used to run? It's treated like a stock, speculated on exchanges. If Bitcoin disappeared overnight what businesses and services would shut down, apart from those set up to trade bitcoin?
You can tell its not useful for the running of anything because when fees were spiraling out of control and unconfirmed transactions were stacking up in the hundreds of thousands, the price kept going up, because its price is based on speculation not utility.
Bitcoins market share has gone from over 90% to below 35%, if you think its somehow in an unassailable position you're sorely mistaken.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:05:03
Yup, when it hit $20,000 and people where willing to spend an average of $50 per transaction that did nothing to affect the utility.
If the utility is unaffected by price, then why should anyone be willing to pay higher than the last guy paid?
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:01:59


They said the same thing about Pokemon Go. Now look who's laughing
@_date: 2018-03-03 23:18:04
Every central bank in the entire world abandoned the gold standard. This isn't a coincidence, or a conspiracy.
The reasons they abandoned it apply even more to bitcoin than they do to gold.
If you understand why money is useful you also understand why you don't want a fixed amount of it that can be hoarded by private individuals.
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:44:11
Well its not:
If the US dollar is too deflationary for Zimbabwe how do you think a currency that went up 1000% last year could possibly be useful?
@_date: 2018-02-04 18:00:37


They don't have an audit. They have never gotten an audit done despite promising to have regular audits for years.


Friedman have never produced an audit for Tether, and their relationship with Friedman was 'dissolved' without ever producing one, apparently because of "excruciatingly detailed procedures for the relatively simple balance sheet of Tether"
Which sounds a lot like Tether fired Friedman because they were looking too hard at where their money was actually coming from. 


@_date: 2018-03-02 14:24:23


Are you not familiar with the 1000+ year history of cowry currency?
Cowry shells were decentrally produced. Cowries would wash up on beaches at a natural rate. In the short term people could increase/decrease the supply by putting more or less effort into collecting them, but in the long term the rate they were produced was unchangeable.
They were permissionless and trustless. Cowries were impossible to forge and you didn't need anyone's permission to trade them.


I asked what problem it solved. lack of "decentralized trust" is not a problem unless lack of "decentralized trust" is causing a problem, so you then need to specify what you think that problem is.
there are plenty of decentralized trustless currencies no one uses anymore which suggests its not a problem anyone has a desperate need of solving.
@_date: 2018-03-08 14:18:56
yeah, just think its funny that anyone is taking investing advice off someone who claims Theranos did nothing wrong and the CEO is a victim of a "witch hunt" (rather than overseeing (allegedly) large scale fraud)
@_date: 2018-03-04 20:32:27


The supply of gold is no more fixed than the supply of iron, lithium or carbon, of automobiles, potatoes or cell phones. It just happens to be rarer than other elements because of how physics works. 
Gold had a speculative bubble recently, it burst. Speculators tried to take advantage of the fact that you can buy gold faster than you can open new gold mines, to indefinitely push up the price. Eventually the price got so high that it became profitable to open so many gold mines that the supply of gold overtook the demand even rampant speculators could inject into the market, and of course they ran out of new speculators
There is more gold in the oceans than all the land on earth, more gold in the core than all the oceans and land, more gold in the asteroid belt than on all of earth.
The limit on gold isn't how much there is in the universe its how much humans can extract, which is effectively limitless. 
The goal of economies isn't to make gold more and more expensive, its to make it more and more available. It increasing in price is only useful because it signals and provides resources to gold miners to mine more gold.
Eventually we'll be able to mine gold from the oceans. 98% of gold on the surface of earth is in the oceans. Once that is tapped we have the whole solar system, and once that is tapped we will be able to convert any other atoms into gold by fusion.


Based on what? The exponential function of pyramid schemes means most of the money there is to be made in bitcoin has already been made. A bitcoin can go from 5 cents to $19,000, it can't go from $19,000 to $7,220,000,000


Pyramid schemes don't become stable, they collapse when you run out of new levels to the pyramid.
In order for returns to be sustainable they need to be based on actual wealth generation, otherwise you're just moving money from one pocket to another, and you quickly run out of new pockets. 
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:59:34
No way bro, my Nokia shares are going to HODL their value forever.
First to market always leads forever. Anyone who tells you otherwise is a FUDing shitphoner
@_date: 2018-02-07 20:39:55
The first reply was sarcastic, pointing out that bitcoin is already heavily manipulated by a small number of people, so the idea of "the media" somehow being responsible for bitcoins most recent dip is funny, and in general exposing the idea that a decentralized fixed supply currency is just as vulnerable to manipulation as a centralized one, if not more so, since there is no governing agency that can directly counter-act attempts at manipulation.
The second reply was actually genuine, poining out that the vast majority of bitcoins there will ever be are already in the hands of a tiny number of people, so it doesn't matter how many more people use bitcoin, that tiny number of people will still have massively disproportionate power to manipulate the price of the currency to their own advantage, unless for some reason they decide to be generous and give away the thing they bought specifically to hoard and profit off.
@_date: 2018-02-09 15:29:13
You only realize a loss if you sell. Never sell, never lose.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:24:21


Zimbabwe switched to the USD (and other fiats), except USD is too deflationary in Zimbabwe, so bitcoin definitely is too deflationary for Zimbabwe.
@_date: 2018-03-04 18:11:41


This is the point I was making. I don't seriously think 1coin is more valuable than any arbitrary number of coins.
The amount of currency you have does not change the amount wealth in the world, it simply changes how much wealth is represented by each unit of currency.
Quantity of currency needs to scale with the quantity of goods and services traded in order to keep a consistent unit value. The initial quantity is irrelevant assuming its infinitely frangible. Bitcoin only having 21,000,000 coins matters no more than it having 21 coins or 21,000,000,000,000 coins. it's increase/decrease supply of currency relative to demand (amount of goods/services being traded) that matters.
bitcoin quantity being "fixed" doesn't create value anymore than if it self-destructed (every 1 bitcoin turning into 0.5 bitcoins every year). Deflation isn't creating any value, it simply enriches people currently holding currency at the expense of others, which creates an incentive to hoard which causes a deflationary spiral. It will just destroy the incentive to use it as a currency, and so destroy any underlying value since there is no underlying value being utility.


Block reward and hash difficulty are separate concepts.
The reward goes down every 210,000 blocks regardless of what the hash difficulty is. Hash difficulty changes to ensure that the supply of blocks remains constant (at least past the 2 week interval of difficulty change), the reward per block runs on a predetermined schedule.
Also, what's the incentive going to be to mine blocks once the rewards dry up? fees? why cant you run a network on fees from the start?
@_date: 2018-03-26 11:45:23
its only because the zimbabwe dollar was completely destroyed by hyperinflation. 
there were ridiculously high levels of inflation where the Zimbabwe dollar was still the most popular currency, its only when it became so hyper-inflated as to be useless that people switched to the next most useful/available currency, which was USD.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:58:39


Who might possibly have motive to take bitcoin down? 
What person with a history of devious, dishonest, anti-bitcoin FUD would do such a thing?
What person with a name that rhymes with Codger Der would even entertain such an idea?
You get the pitchfork grease, I'll get the torch oil. Meet me behind the old red barn on the first new moon of the month. We will purge these borderline-religious fanatics from our ranks. Their lack of self-awareness has gone too far, they have become the very thing they sought to destroy, their paranoia and group think running rampant, seeing conspiracy and FUD in every dark corner of the internet.
Trust no one my friend, and HODL on for dear life.
@_date: 2018-02-04 20:21:39
I guess Bitcoin is a shitcoin compared to 42coin then, since 42coin is worth $64,000 a piece and Bitcoin is only worth $8,000?
Unless its the total value of the currency that matters, not just the price of one unit?
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:01:39
I have an easy fix for this.
Short bitcoin on the futures market, sell your 200k coins, with the profits from both, buy back all the coins you sold to the "thousands of little fishes".
rinse and repeat.
also large 70%+ drops in price shake confidence and lead to bear markets more than a 70% rise causes the opposite, so people who sold lots of bitcoins can buy them back up slowly during the bear market without rising the price drastically.
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:54:59
Neither US dollars or Bitcoins are worth anything apart from what someone will give you for them. Neither is any more "real" or "concrete" than the other. "realness" or "concreteness" is not a measurable attribute of currency, all that matters is how useful it is for facilitating trade.
The utility of a currency is being widely accepted as a medium of exchange, being able to price goods and services, and keeping a stable value so people can have confidence that between getting money and spending it it will still be worth roughly the same.
None of these apply to bitcoin. It's hardly accepted anywhere outside of online black markets, mainly its traded as a speculative asset for currency, not used as a currency to buy goods and services. Even places that claim to accept bitcoin generally accept something like bitpay or bitcoin debit cards which is really just selling bitcoin for fiat.
its impossible to price something in bitcoin without first working out how much bitcoin is worth in fiat.
Bitcoin is also far too volatile for businesses to use in cash flow. Bitcoin can drop more in a week than USD will in 5 years. That's attractive to speculators want to get rich off the swings, not to businesses operating on a 5% margin who can't cope with their cashflow dropping 10% in value in a week. businesses don't want to gamble with their cashflow.
A currency doesn't need to keep its value over time to be useful, as we have seen from the global abandonment of gold in favor of fiat. (gold actually does increase in supply over time, it just doesn't increase as fast as demand for tokens to trade currency does, which makes it a poor currency because it makes it profitable to hoard gold instead of using it to trade)
There are dozens of things that fit the criteria of "goes up in value over time", none of them make good currencies.
@_date: 2018-03-11 21:06:01
That didn't answer any of my questions, you just said "because interplanetary colonization" as if that somehow answers them. Every one of my questions was already assuming "interplanetary colonization" would be a thing, if we were at the stage where we could build a dyson sphere.
Can you try to answer the questions?
Here's them again, short version:
1. Who builds the dyson sphere and gives everyone an equal share?
2. What do you need to use currency for when everyone has access to more energy wealth than is currently generated in billions of years? (and presumably by this point even better technology to do things with that energy)
3. Why wouldn't the organization rich and powerful enough to build a dyson sphere and give everyone an equal share of it not just run its own currency without a need to spend septillions of watts a second on proof of work? What do you think the opportunity cost of not spending septillions of watts on proof of work will be?
@_date: 2018-02-25 16:48:07
I haven't seen any evidence provided yet to show how much batching is responsible for the decrease in transactions, despite seeing the claim dozens of time by now. 
Seems fairly coincidental to the huge price crash.
Either way the indication is that the majority of the increase in transactions in 2017 has been from speculators buying and selling coins on exchanges, not using it as a currency.
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:59:25
You said people don't use crypto currency because of X and I cleared the record on why I don't use it, not because of X.
I went on to talk about use of crypto at large, not just on a consumer basis.
There are Kenyans who have set up business doing micro-financed solar panel mortgages using a mobile phone currency. These are not people averse to innovation.
you're not willing to engage in a serious discussion of why bitcoin hasn't made a dent in western unions business despite it apparently being so apt to replace it.
your entire argument is "its great people are just too dumb to realize it yet", which is not an argument.
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:51:08


Absolutely not true.
There is no law saying police can only seize cash. Anything of value can be seized under civil forfeiture law.


Okay you don't understand what deflation is. Deflation happens when the supply of currency is below the demand for currency, which causes the relative value of currency to increase. It doesn't matter whether the currency is state sanctioned or not.
@_date: 2018-02-16 21:33:34
All those people who bought in at $19,000 must be embarrassed as bitcoin soars past $10,000 again
@_date: 2018-02-11 22:39:12


Stuff like M-Pesa seems to be filling this niche much more quickly than crypto, which isn't a good sign because M-Pesa only had a 2 year headstart on Bitcoin.


The issue with this is that most financial middlemen at the moment have huge profit margins. They're not expensive because there's a very high cost but because there's very low competition.
For example in the EU, debit cards are limited to a 0.2% fee because the government recognizes they basically have an oligopoly and so aren't exposed to price competition. They're still making profit at 0.2%. This is similar to other monopoly busting the EU have done, such as stopping phone companies from charging excessive roaming fees (again, another area where sending a text costs phone companies almost nothing but they can charge thousands of percent mark up because there's no competition).
Crypto could provide pressure to drive down prices from centralized interchanges but I can't see how they could beat them, unless they come up with a really clever way of securing the network for free. Centralization is just more efficient. A centralized system relies on private networks for its security, it doesn't have to burn huge amounts of processing power to stop people from breaking their database. It can also route transactions much quicker because its not having to make sure a whole decentralized database is being updated.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:53:06


Yup, the guys who got thousands of bitcoins in the early days when they were a few cents each and the guys who can't even afford 1 if they put their entire lifes savings in it definitely have an equal opportunity to profit from bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:03:35
I never said it wasn't deflationary. I said it has become *too* deflationary to be used as a currency anymore.
Deflation and inflation aren't binary states. you can have a small degree of deflation and a high degree deflation.
It's also relative to what other currencies are on offer. People will still use a hyper-deflationary or hyper-inflationary currency if there is no better option. However they will quickly find a better option. Greshams law means a slightly inflationary currency will always displace a slightly deflationary one because of the incentive to hoard one and spend the other.


It was barely used for all that time. More common metals like brass, copper, silver were far more popular and represented the vast majority of currency use.
People only used gold coins when it was impractical to use a large number of smaller value coins. The rest of the time they hoarded them as an asset rather than used them as a currency.
This also caused problems that gold coins were regularly getting melted down to sell as metal since it was worth more as metal than a coin.
As soon as it was possible to carry paper notes instead of gold coins people started doing that. However it took a long time for governments to get stable enough that people would trust a paper note as much as a gold coin.
It's deflationary nature, and the propensity to hoarding that creates has been a problem for millennia. Aristophanes documents it over 2000 years ago: 
















@_date: 2019-01-07 23:20:19


If your share of wealth increases without you creating any wealth, that means it has come at the expense of someone else having less. That is not fair, its rent-seeking. The only way you can get more wealth for yourself without someone else getting less is if you increase the total amount of wealth. That is the only honorable way of increasing your wealth, by production and fair exchange, not by rent-seeking and financial manipulation.
As for the claims of "natural moderation" the supply of "sound money" like bitcoin has absolutely no relation to the demand. Supply halves at time intervals regardless of what the demand for bitcoin is. There is nothing "natural" about it, its completely arbitrary. They could have set it to halve every 50,000 blocks or 500,000 and you would still be saying its natural.
If you want a currency to actually maintain its value, to neither transfer money away from currency holders, nor away from asset holders, then supply of currency must scale with demand. If demand increases supply needs to increase, if demand decreases supply needs to decrease.
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:44:34
What's the difference between getting a company to convert fiat into bitcoin for you and just doing it yourself?
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:02:45
Insider trading is also the result of voluntary transactions, as is price fixing and cartels. 
There's very little price manipulation that isn't "market participants making voluntary transactions".
@_date: 2018-03-02 15:29:05


That's fine. 
That's also different from saying that bitcoin is actually useful for something other than speculation, money laundering and black markets, which lots of people are trying to say.
The difference is, bitcoin isn't "the internet" anymore than Alta Vista was "search engines" or Myspace was "social media", so the insane level of speculation on a technology that isn't useful yet is completely unwarranted.
There was no way of investing in "the internet". You could invest in Amazon.com and you could also invest in Pets.com.


yo dawg, I heard you like to gamble...
@_date: 2018-03-07 16:08:52
How does crypto being held in an index fund with no possible means of anyone using it as a currency help acceptance?
All it does is increase speculation which leads to price volatility which is one of the reasons places like Steam stopped accepting bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-23 14:00:54
By "pay for goods from Amazon with Bitcoin", do you mean pay a 3rd party to trade an Amazon Giftcard that was bought with fiat for bitcoin?
I could trade a blowjob for an amazon giftcard, it doesn't mean you can pay for goods from Amazon with blowjobs.
You can pay with fiat or gift cards that you can buy with fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:16:24


Opposing centralized currency production doesn't make deflation a good thing. You can have a deflationary centralized currency or an inflationary decentralized currency.
again to quote Hayek:


There is no consensus in the Austrian school on monetary policy. Hayek had the reasonable position that both inflation and deflation distorted the functioning of the price system, and led to deflationary spirals that allowed zero-sum rent seeking at the expense of wealth production, but political nutbags like Rothbard thought deflation was a good thing during depressions and would speed up recovery despite all the evidence showing that deflationary spirals were crippling both the functioning of the economy and the money system, so much so that people resorted to barter during the Great Depression.
The divide in the Austrian school mainly goes between those who could separate monetary policy from the austrian business cycle theory and those who couldn't. 
for the non-monetarists "deflation/inflation" is just bundled in with concepts like interest rates, fractional reserve, government borrowing/spending and treated as one inseparable policy. There's a very simplistic idea that since inflation distorts the economy in one direction, someone deflation will cure those distortions rather than just causing another set of distortions.
It's a similar flaw Keynes makes which is not to separate monetary inflation/deflation with other concepts in order to make it fit their overarching theory rather than to acknowledge things that fall outside their model.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:54:58
Price goes up when demand exceeds supply. 
If bitcoin supply doubled every 210,000 blocks, instead of halving, do you really think the price would still increase?
you're really deluding yourself if you think speculating on artificial scarcity is somehow a "payment for uncompromising belief in the face of risk"
@_date: 2018-02-01 13:01:49
"why do you care so much" is the lamest character argument ever.
why do you care if I care? if you think I shouldn't care about it then why the fuck do you care whether I care? why are you trying to attack people who do care about it if you don't care?


Besides never managing to get an audit done despite repeated promises, besides having all their banking cut off and somehow still printing a ridiculous amount of money in a week that they claim is banked by bank deposits, besides the fact they said they wouldn't print any more tether until they got their banking fixed?
Why are you so interested in attacking anyone pointing out obvious financial mismanagement on one of the biggest exchanges? Do you invest in Bitfinex, Do you invest in Tether? Why are you trying to protect them?
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:04:28
If a bunch of other people are trying to transfer cash at the same time do I have to pay much higher fees in order to get the cash to transfer? Do i need an internet connection to transfer cash?
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:59:37
If its not a problem to just use smaller and smaller increments of bitcoin why is it a problem to just use bigger and bigger increments of dollars?
People don't just keep getting paid the same regardless of inflation/deflation. When there's inflation they'll get paid more, when there's deflation they'll get paid less.
The amount of money doesn't change the amount of wealth in the world. The quantity of money is only relevant to how it encourages/discourages various trading behaviors.
Too much inflation encourages overspending, too much deflation encourages hoarding. These effects are not symmetrical because money only generates wealth via facilitating wealth generating trade. When there's inflation, still the only way you can make money from money is to make profitable trades.
When there is deflation, you can make money just hoarding currency, and this can lead to a deflationary spiral where people take money out of wealth generation in order to benefit from zero-sum rent seeking through currency hoarding. This is what happened during the Great Depression when there was only 33% deflation.
Bitcoin is hard coded so that if there is any degree of adoption over time there will be significanttly more than 33% annual deflation, which will limit bitcoin from ever becoming a mainstream currency.
@_date: 2018-03-28 18:33:04


So does a bunch of things that cost energy. "gold costs more energy than bitcoin" is not relevant because people aren't producing gold to be a currency, or a "store of value", they're producing it primarily because people want a status 


That's literally what you want to happen with proof of work. The more people are spending energy on bitcoin the harder it is for any one person to get 51% of the mining power.
You could drop the cost of producing bitcoin to a fraction of the current rate if people stopped mining it. The whole thing is supposed to be an arms race of who can throw the most resources at mining bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-08 23:51:34
Why is it that some people are more interested in complaining about one person who happens to bag on Tether a lot more than the actual financial impropriety of a relatively large player in the crypto space?
Do you think bringing him up is going to make him stop? If you don't think any of the points he brings up are important why keep mentioning him?
Are you equally disturbed by all the people who obsessively post about the price of bitcoin, or is it only people who obsessively attempt to expose financial misconduct that disturbs you?
If Tether is actually as corrupt as Bitfinex'd thinks then you should be thankful there is someone who is obsessively looking into it, and if they're not corrupt then why do you care? Nothing to worry about right?
@_date: 2018-02-16 19:28:20
If there's no natural limit on the number of "translators", why would someone pay you lots of wealth for a tiny fragment of a huge pile of translators you are hoarding instead of just using an alternative translator that wasn't being hoarded by a tiny number of people?
People need to look into the real world history of deflation and see what actually happens, rather than imagining a fantasy world where deflation just makes people richer at no cost.
During the Great Depression, exactly what deflationists want to happen with currency happened. The Federal Reserve was limited by the gold standard (couldn't acquire any more gold to print more money), and so the amount of circulating currency started plummeting as people started hoarding dollars to profit off this supply shortage instead of circulating them in the economy. The value of the dollar increased significantly.
People started resorting to barter because dollar hoarding was so common it wasn't practical to trade using dollars anymore. People knew dollars were only going up in value, so people were very reluctant to pay anything in dollars if they could pay with something else that wasn't going up in value.
Farmers started going bankrupt because the price in dollars they could get for their crops kept going down, yet their debts and mortgage payments priced in dollars remained the same, so thousands of productive farms shut down and turned their previously productive farmers into homeless beggars when the banks repossessed farms from people who couldn't pay their debts.
In some places the price of food dropped below the price of production due to the distortion deflation was having on the price system.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:14:04


Did you? you seem to have just homed in on that one editorialized sentence (which was wrong) rather than look at the actual numbers.




Productivity is rising faster than wages, and has done for decades.
[Heres a graph to make it simpler](
As you can see from that graph, wages haven't increased even though productivity has dramatically. Productivity is double what it was in 1975 but real wages are about the same.
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:09:25
That only just happened, my previous comments were from a few days ago.
If the developers think its now secure enough to be used for real transactions then obviously my comments about how developers say not to use it for real transactions no longer apply.
also: 
"we recommend that users experiment with only small amounts (  
@_date: 2018-03-11 23:59:35
If I fork a bitcoin chain no one is using, will you give me $10 for one of those bitcoins?
Why would you pay $10 for a bitcoin no one else was using.
if you being willing to pay $10 for a bitcoin requires "lots of other people besides me" to also want to pay $10 then that implies if no one was willing to pay anything for a bitcoin you wouldn't either.
@_date: 2018-03-14 21:36:29
"in the long run it doesn't matter" is not the same thing as "this is great for bitcoin!".
Every time there is bad news and/or price takes a hit there's some starry eyed fanatic saying why "this is great for bitcoin". Apparently its impossible for there to be any bad news for bitcoin.
If google ads are so bad for bitcoin, why wasn't anyone complaining about them until google got rid of them?
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:54:48
Got any evidence this transaction volume was actually spam?
@_date: 2018-03-06 21:11:40


Ah, the old "if you can't read my mind and know exactly how I wanted my points to be addressed then you must be deliberately missing the point, its not possible you just have a different perspective on what the relevant criteria and evidence is". Do you think you've perfectly answered every point I've made in the way that I think is most relevant? Or am I just accepting that people don't immediately see eye to eye and it takes back and forth to reach a mutual understanding. Maybe you're right, and I'd get more out of conversation if I just assumed you were deliberately ignoring my points so I could dismiss everything you've said.


What currency doesn't inflate ever? Bitcoin? Gold? Both have had inflationary periods, both if you're talking about an increase in the quantity or a decrease in relative purchasing power. 


Deflation is caused by not enough money to meet demand, as inflation is caused by too much money. it is not caused by either a good or bad economy. If you flood an economy with money you will have inflation regardless of how well or badly the economy is doing. If you significantly reduce the available supply of money you will have deflation regardless of how well the economy is doing. 
In the 1930s the Fed stopped printing money because they couldn't get any more gold, and they had decided to limit the amount of dollars they could print to the amount of gold they had. This wasn't caused by a "destroyed economy" it was caused by lack of availability of gold and a decision to base the currency on the amount of gold rather than the demand for currency. If more gold had been available then there wouldn't have been any deflation because the Fed would have kept printing more dollars. Or if they just decided that they weren't going to limit the amount of currency to the amount of gold, again there woudl have been no deflation since supply could have met demand.
How do you think not being able to get enough gold destroys the economy? 
@_date: 2018-03-12 13:29:24
explicitly testing being the key term. 
in software "testing" doesn't just mean "using", which is why she's saying "don't use it unless you're explicitly testing it".
@_date: 2019-01-04 20:46:09


It's a hypothetical, so it can be whatever you want it to be. I was isolating just the variable of the ROI vs deflation to make a specific point.
It depends what you think wealth is, and what money is.
If you think wealth and money are some kind of game where you get more of what you want then its irrelevant whether you increase your wealth/money by producing goods and services that people value or by just exploiting financial systems.
However, in order for those numbers and pieces of paper to be worth anything, someone has to be creating something of value, and be willing to trade it. If everyone was just hoarding numbers and gambling, and no one was farming crops, building houses, manufacturing cars then money wouldn't be worth anymore than any other imaginary symbol since there would be nothing to trade it for.
 If you are increasing share of wealth without creating anything of value then your increase in wealth is coming at the expense of someone else, which is a parasitic way to make a living, and only a minority of people can live like that. If everyone was a parasite there would be no hosts left to live on.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:35:05


A dictionary tells you common definitions of words. No dictionary is going to tell me why you think buying bitcoins debases dollars but buying other commodities doesn't.
I don't believe that buying bitcoins does debase dollars if all you do with the bitcoins is sit on them waiting for them to appreciate in value which is all the vast majority of bitcoin owners are doing.
If you can't answer simple questions about what you believe on bitcoin I'd question why you bother to try to promote your ideas at all, let alone believe them yourself.
Since you don't believe in presenting any evidence for what you believe or even explaining why you think its true, don't bother to reply.
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:54:42
When you use fiat you earn from your job to buy goods and services, the goal is not to keep the same amount of fiat you have. The goal is to trade your working hours for goods and services, fiat is just the medium of exchange you use to make that happen. That's why when you buy something in dollars you don't immediately try to get the dollars back.
If you were simply using bitcoin as a currency, then you would get paid in fiat, convert to bitcoin, and then spend those bitcoins. Then when you get paid more fiat, convert those to bitcoin, and spend again. Until eventually enough bitcoin is circulating that you can just get paid directly in bitcoin, and never have to use fiat.
You would not get paid in fiat, convert to bitcoin, buy things in bitcoin, then buy back those coins in fiat. The only reason to do that is if you don't really want to spend bitcoin, you want to spend fiat, but you want to pretend you have bitcoin for reasons other than to speculate on holding it.
@_date: 2019-01-06 20:05:10


No I'm not:


Hayek was a libertarian austrian school scholar in case you're unfamiliar. you are attempting to reason by analogy rather than first principles (i.e. "this idea is a keynsian idea and keynes is bad so this idea is wrong"). It's not a Keynsian idea and even if it was, simply calling something keynsian is not an argument. it so happens its not a keynsian idea. Austrian schoolers like Hayek were some of the first to properly detail the relationship between velocity, quantity and prices, although monetarists like Friedman made more significant contributions later on.
If you're only trying to fit the ideas I'm talking about into pre-conceived categorical boxes then we're not going to have a particularly productive conversation.


Hoarding money is not investing in the economy. Everyone else's money increasing in value means everyone else who has value stored in productive assets now gets less at the expense of the people who hold money getting more, which creates an incentive for people to dump productive assets in exchange for holding currency, which is exactly the opposite of investing in the economy. It is discouraging people to invest in the economy in exchange for holding money which is non-productive rent-seeking where you can only gain more by someone else getting less.
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:19:12
If Amazon starts accepting bitcoin why would you buy things in bitcoin instead of dollars, when bitcoin will keep appreciating in value and dollars depreciate?
@_date: 2018-02-10 14:58:55


That's the point. People saying "1 BTC = 1 BTC" are delusional. Currency's value is what someone will give you for it. If 1 BTC is worth 0 of anything else then it doesn't matter that its worth 1 of itself.


I've seen men sell their own mothers for a pain au chocolat
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:24:15


you won't if everyone with bitcoin is hoarding it and only exchanging things with fiat.
"spend and replace" is just a trick to hide that the person has no desire to spend bitcoin, and actually wants to spend fiat, but knows that bitcoins meant to be valuable as a currency so you can't just hoard it and expect it to be valuable.
the net result is the person has exactly the same amount of bitcoin but less fiat. Which do you think is actually the primary medium of exchange?
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:01:20
That doesn't answer any of the questions I just asked.
If you think price in USD is irrelevant, how do you work out how much BTC to pay for a haircut?
Things don't just stay constant price just becase 1 currency = 1 of itself.
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:19:47


There has been no announcement since then saying they have resolved this issue, and they still aren't accepting international wire transfers, and still aren't allowing anyone to redeem their USDT, except for a select group of whales we are meant to take their word on.
Apparently despite these problems, more people are making wire transfers than ever.  Even though they said they don't expect to print any more Tethers until they get their banking situation fixed. They're just that good of a company, even things they say are a problem aren't a problem. Nothing to see here. Move along.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:09:56
So its not 'the most secure asset in the world', its just more convenient than gold?
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:17:47
Scarcity isn't good for a currency, supply that adjusts to the amount of goods and services being traded is. Too little currency is just as disruptive to trade as too much currency.
Let's run a simple thought experiment.
Say you're an apple farmer, and rather than carry around a bunch of apples to trade, you just make some tokens that can be used to redeem an apple at your farm. This works better for all involved because apples don't keep, and not everyone who wants an apple wants one right now. 
So the farmer has 100 apples and 100 tokens, and all is well. But lets say he grows 100 more apples, but runs out of material to make new tokens, so 200 apples and only 100 tokens. No problem right? Just divide the tokens in half, so that half a token now gets you 1 apple.
How is it in the farmers interest to now give 2 apples for a token that he only got 1 apples worth of value for? 
There is now a direct disincentive for the farmer to grow more apples because doing so now decreases the amount of tokens he will receive in exchange for them, and there is now an incentive for people with tokens not to use them because if they wait they might get more for their token.
Let's say that we don't trust the farmer not to produce more tokens than he has apples, and outsource token production to a 3rd party to keep him honest. How would this change the incentives caused by monetary deflation?
On an individual level you can immediately see how this is both disruptive to trade and unfair, but on a societal level, with a real currency instead of a scrip currency, the negative effects are less obvious but still just as disruptive to trade.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:08:49
Not since Theranos have I seen him so excited. Buy the dip.
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:57:19
asymmetry of trade flows would be an issue until all of someones trade is done on Lightning, it is not an "early stage of testing" problem, it will be an issue up until LN hits very wide adoption. how big of an issue depends on how the ecosystem develops.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:46:17
I don't really see an argument here except "it looks like spam".
It's an argument that just starts by assuming spam is the only explanation for this kind of trading behavior and so doesn't require any other evidence. Maybe that's true but I have no way of knowing just because someone tells me this looks like spam and they don't think there's any other explanation.
I've never seen any study or data of what normal trading behavior looks like, especially not during price surges.
There's all kinds of irrational behavior in the fees market, like exchanges paying way too much simply because its better for their business model to pay too much for every transaction than to risk one getting stuck in mempool. I have no idea what the bottom end of the market looks like, or even what the use cases are.
Has anyone tried analyzing the blockchain traffic to determine the nature and source of these transactions?
@_date: 2018-03-24 19:34:40
using inflation and deflation to refer to increases and decreases in the money supply is pretty confusing.
Inflation and deflation are more accurately used when referring to the relative increase and decrease in prices set in a currency, i.e. decrease and increase in that currencies purchasing power.
Gold supply has never gone down, we mine far more gold per year than we did 50 years ago, but it was referred to as a deflationary currency because the demand for currency outpaced the supply of gold, leading to a relative increase in purchasing power of gold which led to speculators hoarding gold to profit from those increases.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:40:25


@_date: 2018-03-13 22:26:36


By what measurement is bitcoin the most efficient form of payment?
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:15:23


It's not immutable. 51% hash power can break it. Which already exists concentrated within the boundaries of a 1 party state with a less than favorable view of unregulated free markets, and which has ownership over the hydroelectric dams that miners rely on to own most of the worlds hash power, a state which could quite happily execute all their bitcoin miners as enemies of the state and appropriate their property at will if they wanted to.
And of course if the economic incentives to secure the blockchain ever disappear (say, when the rewards dry up and miners are relying on fees on a currency no one is using to keep mining, or when everyone switches to a more profitable new coin), then you'll be able to own the blockchain for a trivial sum compared to the money now invested in it, but by that point no one will care to because it won't be worth anything to do so.


Do you think you need to carry around physical blocks of fiat and gold to use it?
A debit card is just as easy to carry as a nano-ledger, and its accepted almost everywhere in the developed world instead of almost nowhere, and there's no chance of the funds on there repeatedly losing 50-80% of their value in the span of a few years. And if someone defrauds you the banks will give you your money back, as opposed to being shit out of luck.


It's an encrypted password for numbers on database. It's as intrinsically valuable as any other password for a database. I could make an exact copy of bitcoin tomorrow if I wanted to but no one would be willing to pay anything for it because it has no intrinsic value. It's value comes from other people agreeing its valuable. It's useless if no one else uses it. You can't plow a field with it or build a house or filter water with it.


Gold physically exists, is naturally scarce and has uses regardless of whether anyone else uses it, that's why it has relatively consistent value (that and a 6,000 year tradition of wearing gold as jewelry).
Bitcoin is not naturally scarce. I could copy bitcoin a billion times and give myself all 21,000,000 bitcoins in each version but it wouldn't be worth anything unless I could persuade someone to pay me money for them. Then you're right back at the circular "store of value" argument. It's a store of value because people value it because its a store of value. No economic good has ever behaved that way in the past. It's valuable now because speculators can make money off other speculators on it, and it has a smaller use in black markets and tax evasion.
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:06:47
Bitcoin is just like gold!
In that its been almost completely abandoned as a currency due to insufficient supply to meet demand and is now used as a speculative asset instead.
@_date: 2018-03-24 13:27:42


That's not even close to accurate.
Even if you count things like Francs being replaced with Euros (which never went to zero, the government had a long period where paper notes were redeemable for euros and bank deposits were automatically converted to euros), its not even 1,000.
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:55:06
The internet hit 2% adoption, now everyone uses it.
Bitcoin hits 2% adoption, that means it will become as popular as the internet.
That is LOGIC and nothing you FUDing Roger Ver style shitcoiners can say will ever change my mind. 
Bitcoin is going PARABOLIC whether you like it or not.
HODL on for dear life!
@_date: 2018-02-17 21:17:56


This doesn't work because time is linear. Lending allows someone to increase productivity now in exchange for increased payments later.
you cannot recover the time of lost productivity by saving.
Let's say you have some Sudanese peasant who farms cotton by hand, producing $100 of cotton per year. Let's say they're in a deflationary system where the money they earn increases in value 5% a year. The want to buy a machine that harvests cotton that will double their productivity. The machine costs $1000.
Let's assume no other costs for the simplicity of the example.
A $1000 loan charged at 5% interest in an inflationary system will generate far more wealth, than saving up $1000 a year with 5% deflation. The peasant can have paid off the loan in 5 years, and be generating twice the wealth all that time, than generating half the wealth for a little under 10 years.
Deflation would also degrade the value of the farmers non-monetary holdings over time, and most of a farmers wealth is not money, but land, crops and equipment. In fact for the above reasons, most farmers have some forms of debt, which is one of the reasons deflation in the Great Depression 1/3rd of all farms closing and mass unemployment in agriculture.
@_date: 2018-02-14 22:23:56


Someone speaking confidently on why gold is valuable should know that half of global gold demand comes from jewelry, twice as big as the next biggest sector of demand.
It is primarily a jewelry metal and has been for most of human history outside a brief window when it was more popular as currency after which it was abandoned altogether for being too deflationary. Golds price would tank if the global jewelry industry shut down tomorrow. Demand from gold jewelry is the only factor keeping demand above supply and keeping prices rising which makes it attractive for speculators.
Nothing is valuable just because people speculate on it. Value backed by nothing but speculation is commonly referred to as a bubble.


Why is western union still in business?
Blockbuster wasn't still leader in home video 9 years after Netflix. Nokia wasn't still leader in phones 9 years after the iPhone.
Western Union is doing better business now then when bitcoin was first released. Tales of bitcoin being useful for anything other than illegal movement of money and speculation is greatly exaggerated. 


the speculators mantra. if everyone buys we'll all get rich! some will just get a little richer than others, don't worry though, rising tide raises all boats.
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:13:59


You might want to look at how easy it is to actually sell bitcoin because its definitely not "immediately"


Current cost of having your transaction processed within 10 minutes is $3.26, and thats with daily transactions being lower than they have been in nearly 2 years. To get it within 6 blocks (1 hour) is $0.54. This is considerably more expensive and slower than VISA although it is cheaper and faster than Western Union.
you also have to factor in the fees and waiting times of selling bitcoin on an exchange, if an exchange will even do business with the 3rd world country you're in (which it probably doesn't). Then it don't look so good.


Why are Western Union making more money now than when Bitcoin was released then?
9 years after Netflix was released Blockbuster wasn't doing better than ever.
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:42:02


The energy consumption isn't useful, the output is useful.
Getting the same level of security with much less waste of energy would be much better for the environment and the economy.
There are other approaches to securing a decentralized network. Dogmatic loyalty to an approach that costs lots of energy and resources is not good.
The goal is using as little energy and resources for the most gain, not on particular method that you have already decided is unsurpassable.


Christmas lights keep getting more and more efficient with better technology. No one would be in a system where the energy required to power christmas lights kept increasing every year. 
@_date: 2019-01-11 19:45:52


No, there are 17.4 million, of which about 4 million have been lost, so about 13.4 million actually still in circulation.


1,800 new bitcoins are minted every day.
You said a miner providing a newly mined bitcoin is "no different" to someone selling an existing bitcoin, which is clearly bullshit, because hundreds of millions of bitcoins have been sold and there are nowhere near that many in existence.
Creating new units of currency is different than simply moving them about.
@_date: 2018-02-16 19:23:18
It's not a dumb question.
Answer is it won't work, deflationary currencies don't work. There's a reason the entire world stopped using gold coins as currency even though they still use nickel, iron, copper and zinc in coins (although even copper is becoming too deflationary, with most countries abandoning pure copper coins in favor of copper plated steel)
Look at what happened during the great depression when the value of the dollar increased by 33% over a few years (less than 10% a year). According to deflationist this should have been a great thing for the economy. 
[People resorted to barter]( because dollar hoarding was so profitable the circulation of dollars dropped dramatically and people wouldn't trade a dollar for anything if they could trade something less deflationary instead (like food, wood, fuel). People ended up directly bartering labor for food rather than actually getting paid in money, which exacerbated the mass unemployment that was being caused because of a huge decrease in spending and investment, because now there were millions of people willing to trade a days work for a days food, which severely depressed wages.
People are hoarding bitcoins just like they were hoarding dollars during the great depression, the only difference is no one is really relying on bitcoin as a currency. Even those actually using it (and not just hoarding it), are typically only converting fiat to bitcoin and then back again, so the price instability and deflation of bitcoin isn't a deterrent because its merely being used as a vehicle for fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:19:12


It's a turn of phrase, you know full well what I meant. Profiting from increases in the value of money by hoarding it.


You seem to be confusing interest rates with deflation.


Like Satoshi? He's decided a fixed inflation rate for the next 140 years, based on a guess, that he got wrong.
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:10:16


In 2014 5 out of the top 500 US retailers were accepting bitcoin (well not actual bitcoin, just fiat through bitcoin payment services like BitPay).
Now its 3 out of 500.
1 of those top 500 retailers accounts for more sales than 10,000 tiny stores accepting bitcoin as an experiment/gimmick.
@_date: 2018-03-05 23:57:05


I do acknowledge it. I acknowledge it simultaneously as an example of a metal that is less deflationary than gold (so is still usable for currency), but that is more deflationary than alternatives like nickel, zinc and steel, and so is being gradually phased out both by the free market (in the form of illicit smelting) and by government mints (in the form of moving from pure copper to copper plate coins).
None of this seems to contradict my theory. How else do you explain the move away from copper if not because of the rising price of copper (via increasing demand from electronics)?
It's not because copper has gotten any less usable as a coin.
Steel is actually slightly worse for making coins (its hard which makes it harder to press, and it is also harder to put fine detail on), but the qualities as a coin are secondary to the needs of the market.


How else is supply and demand expressed if not in price of the metals? The only reason you can tell copper is more in demand than steel is by relative pricing. If copper was going down in price and steel was going up in price, the opposite would be happening.
If gold was 10 cents an ounce and every other metal was 10 dollars an ounce then we'd be using that as coins.
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:19:57


A greater percentage of bitcoins have been seized than almost any asset class. 
Over 1 million bitcoins have been seized by governments already, that's over 1 in 17 bitcoins.
The equivalent amount of gold would be over 8,000 tons of gold.
It's no more secure than anything else you connect to an internet connected device, in other words, not very. Except the difference is, when your online banking gets hacked the government will force your bank to give you back your money. There's no forcing a bitcoin hacker to send you back your funds.


Artificially scarce numbers that require people to burn terawatts of energy every year forever to remain valuable, that rely on 51% of miners not colluding, when 51% of mining power already exists within the borders of a 1 party communist state?
you're right that has never existed.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:41:33
Investopedia is not a more consensus and unbiased source than google or wikipedia.
you can only tell whether a currency is increasing or decreasing in purchasing power by prices, referring to inflation and deflation simply as the quantity of currency is very unhelpfully confusing to people.
It's possible for the supply to go up and the purchasing power to go up (as bitcoin has), if demand for a currency exceeds its supply. its also possible for the supply to go down and purchasing power to go down at the same time, if supply of a currency exceeds supply.
see: 
@_date: 2018-03-23 23:24:06
What's the difference? I thought BTC is just an abbreviation of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-17 21:24:58
No I mean frangible.
Whenever someone brings up the problems of deflation, and the abandonment of gold as currency, the number 1 response you get in bitcoin communities is "But that isn't a problem, bitcoin is infinitive divisiblely, just add decimal places!", as if not being able to cut a gold coin in half was the reason gold was abandoned as currency, and completely ignores that frangibility was never an issue because the vast majority was being traded as paper and gold coins were abandoned decades before the gold standard was abandoned universally.
Fungibility refers to the interchangeability of a commodities value (i.e. one ton of steel is equal to another, one painting is not equal to another). It's something else entirely and I can't see how it would have any relevance to what I was talking about.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:19:50
Imagine that the person you rebuy bitcoins from is the person you gave bitcoin to in the first place to see how pointless this is.
If you bought back your bitcoin from the same person you paid in bitcoin it would be obvious you've just paid in fiat but racked up needless fees and wasted blockspace in the process. Adding a 3rd party just convolutes the route fiat is taking to better further the pretense.
The net result is the same, you have the same amount of bitcoin and less fiat - this isn't showing bitcoin is a useful currency, its showing the opposite, that fiat is what you use when you want to facilitate an exchange, and bitcoin is an asset you just hoard.
If everyone who spends bitcoin immediately rebuys with fiat then its not bitcoin that is acting as a medium of exchange, its fiat. When you buy something with fiat you do not then immediately try to sell something to get the fiat back. Otherwise its not fiat you're attempting to exchange, but the thing you sold to get your fiat back.
@_date: 2018-02-14 23:20:17
It might come out of Bitcoin but its not ending up in Bitcoin which is what matters.
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:30:02
Entirely new ways of buying and selling things slower and more expensively and to fewer people than I currently can?
Exactly what "entirely new products and services" do you think bitcoin allows for that you can't do with paypal or visa or any number of other payment services?
The only thing bitcoin was useful for was black market trading because you didn't need to go directly through centralized payment networks that would report illegal activity.
Bitcoin is rapidly losing market share in that area because of new coins better suited to that one niche, and because of the volatility of price and fees that decrease its utility.
Bitcoin is peer to peer cash, or at least that was what it was intended to be before the "store of value" HODLERS got involved. There are already more useful forms of cash available. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 16:08:11


This is the logic of a pyramid scheme.
How can everyone keep making more money than they put in without more people to replace the money they are taking out? What happens when you run out of people to put more money in than is being taken out?
@_date: 2018-02-16 19:26:33
You can't solve deflation by using smaller and smaller fractions anymore than you can solve hyperinflation by using bigger and bigger notes.
The incentive to hoard/overspend still exists, the zero transfer sum of wealth that discourages trade still exists.
@_date: 2018-02-09 17:58:04


You can measure value independently of other currencies.
If you measure against an independent variable, say an ounce of gold, then you can see whether the price of Bitcoin in USD is increasing because the USD has gone down in value, or BTC has gone up. 
Course hardly anyone is using bitcoin as a currency which makes it very difficult to price since people price things sold in Bitcoin in USD (or other fiat) equivalent. Working out how many BTC you need to buy a lambo without going through a currency first is very difficult, as difficult as it is working out how many ounces of gold you need to buy a lambo, without having a currency that prices both Gold and Lambos.


Supply matching demand is what stabilizes price, not number of people using a currency.
Far more people used to use Cowry shells as currency than currently use the Aruban Florin, yet the Florin is far more stable in price than Cowry shells ever were because the supply of Aruban Florins is controlled by a central bank to maintain a steady value, whereas the supply of Cowry shells increased and decreased depending on the local availability of Cowry shells and the life cycle of Cowries.
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:12:51
A lot of people said Solar Roadways would fail, now look where they are!
@_date: 2018-02-15 21:46:08


Why do you think no one uses gold coins for currency anymore?
Gold hasn't stopped increasing in value, it keeps its value far better than fiat, yet you cannot find a single country that still uses gold for coins, despite base metal coins like brass, nickel, copper, iron being in use for thousands of years straight.
All I have heard from deflationists are conspiracies that every country in the world has somehow been coerced into abandoning gold despite it being a superior currency, or people blaming frangibility despite the fact there have never been pure gold coins in circulation (pure gold is too soft for coins) and you could just keep making lower % gold coins if you wanted to keep using gold coins, or keep using paper certificates for quantities of pure gold too small to carry.
Not even Austrian schoolers like Hayek disputed that deflation was bad for trade and currencies. At the time Hayek was so confident that the problems of deflation were obvious that he said "no one" thinks deflation is good.
It is only in modern times where people with no interest in or knowledge of economics and have a political dislike of inflation want to somehow hold up deflation as the cure. These people used to hoard gold, they're now hoarding bitcoin, all while using fiat for day to day trade and claiming deflationary currency doesn't encourage hoarding or discourage trade because "people have to buy food".
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:14:54
By EU law interchange fees can't be higher than 0.3% for credit cards and 0.2% for debit cards, although in practice its slightly higher since you're typically not directly transacting with the interchange but through a 3rd party payment provider who have additional fees.
@_date: 2019-01-08 23:28:42


More Bitcoins are produced every day, 1,800 in fact. If fixed supply is good and scaling is bad why do you want to keep adding more and more bitcoins, even during periods of low demand? What happens in 100 years time that suddenly means adding no new bitcoins is finally a good thing?
Supply is outpacing demand which is why price is falling. Supply is completely inelastic. regardless of how much or little demand there is for bitcoin the same number of bitcoins will be produced on average over the difficulty adjustment window.
This is a terrible mechanism for price stability because it guarantees there will be over/under supply unless demand for bitcoin completely matches the pre-configured supply schedule.


Cash stored under a mattress is not an investment in anything.
If you produce 100 apples, and sold them for $100, why should that $100 just continually get more valuable over time. If you kept the 100 apples would they become more valuable over time? 
Savings in a bank are an investment because the bank uses that money to loan out to invest in other businesses, and those loans are paid back with interest. I'm aware fractional reserves banks lend out even more money than they have.


Rent-seeking is not particular to whether something is governmental or private. You can both private and governmental rent seeking:


@_date: 2018-03-09 23:13:56
He still has 180k coins in trust. The market was going down and it was his job to make sure there was enough money to pay back all the people who had lost money in Mt Gox.
Also he didn't sell at 6k, it hit 6k because he sold. If he had sold 35,000 coins at 6k the price would have tanked further.
@_date: 2018-03-02 14:34:16


Yeah, Mozambique is a relatively impoverished nation, only 17% of the population have internet access, as compared to a more developed nation like Kenya where 89% of people have internet access.
You're arguing against yourself here.
If you're saying there's no reason people in the developing world can't use bitcoin, then why has bitcoin completely failed to catch on in places like Zimbabwe which are supposedly exactly the kind of places that need bitcoin.
Bitcoin isn't even in the top 10 of most popular currencies in Zimbabwe. That's because its not a currency, it's a speculative asset. As such its dependent on currency to trade.
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:52:07
Have a look at what happened the last time the USD was deflationary (due to the gold standard limiting money supply), and you might notice some parallels with the problems bitcoin is facing.
@_date: 2018-03-11 16:14:33
Do you think fiat is losing the equivalent of a stars worth of resources to security vulnerabilities?
It's hard to properly answer your question without knowing what you class as "security". There's some people who define inflation as theft and so count fixed supply as a form of "security", even though deflation is just "theft" in the opposite direction, if you want to define a transfer of value via currency supply as theft.
 To give a more direct answer assuming your premises are the same as mine:
Look at the % of theft and fraud involving bitcoin vs theft and fraud in fiat and you'll get your answer as to which one is actually more secure. Annual losses due to credit and debit card theft/fraud is 0.06% of total trade volume. That's a rounding error. It's closer to 0% than 1%. Even if you think bitcoin is perfectly secure (which its not), a stars annual power output is not worth 0.06% of global trade.
although this won't help most die hard believers since they're intent on comparing bitcoins hypothetical security to fiats actual security, so any security flaws in bitcoin are blamed on "people not storing bitcoins securely", whereas any security issues with fiat are fundamental.
"cryptography" is not a magic security bullet. The vast majority of security exploits don't involve breaking cryptography. The entire internet and global banking system uses cryptography to secure online transactions. It's the weakest link that breaks the chain, and its almost never cryptography unless its really badly implemented.
Centralized interchange networks allow frauds of many kinds to be detected and reversed, which is critical to ensuring security when trade is conducted online and on computers and there is a never ending stream of security vulnerabilities on computers and the internet. I've never been a victim of theft or fraud via online fiat that wasn't then reversed. The vast majority of people are in the same boat. If reversing charges wasn't possible most people would have lost more through irreversibility than they gained. Most criminals are pretty dumb, so the ability to easily transfer funds back off a thief/fraudster is a huge security benefit.
@_date: 2018-03-25 20:09:32
im asking in this use case how does it lower fees.
fees are only lower by amortizing costs over a greater number of transactions. 
if you only make 1 transaction and then close the channel it costs more than just trading on chain.
the point im getting at is while the network is small, you will need use cases that allow for amortization without depending on a large network of trade to do it over
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:56:43
I don't see why you see something like M-Pesa as fundamentally incomparable to something like BitPay (or BitGold for that matter).
They're all players in the payments arena, albeit with different models and scope. They all involve integration with traditional banking, none of them have been banned, but some are doing a lot better than others, which says something meaningful about what the needs of the market actually are and which is best at fulfilling them.
I have yet to hear a credible argument for why Bitcoin, which was meant to "bank the unbanked" has steadfastly failed to gain significant market share in countries where there is strong demand for alternatives to traditional banking. Other than it doesn't do a good job at that role.
There's a separate argument about why you think that is, whether you just think the technology/market isn't ready yet but its hard to argue that simultaneously Bitcoin is right now perfect for banking the unbanked yet somehow is failing to do so because of outside forces.
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:58:43
I don't think they're directly related, it was more just a collapse in the speculative frenzy that formed before christmas, although uncertainty around things like Tether probably helped.
Tether has yet to collapse so the full impact has yet to be seen. certainly it seems like they're rapidly running out of track and it won't be long before they have to either prove their reserves or go bust, which will likely take down Bitfinex at the least if not a couple of other exchanges with Tether reserves.
glad you manged to get out in time either way
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:30:49
Big companies don't commit to decisions before they need to.
Why would they possibly need to commit to accepting bitcoin already when it may be years before bitcoin is usable, and in fact may never be usable if its replaced by a better crypto?
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:30:14
what the fuck is a peanut scheme?
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:25:17


If I'm understanding you correctly that's not the same thing, its a unidirectional flow of currency using simple currency conversion, its not a contrived way of trying to simultaneously spend and not spend a currency:
Exchange labor for USD - &gt; exchange USD for GBP - &gt; exchange some GBP for goods and services, the rest goes into savings to at some point be exchanged for goods and services.
the kind of "spend and replace" I'm talking about is a redundant flow of currency obfuscated by a third party. it involves giving someone BTC for goods only for them to give it back in exchange for USD.
If the person you just gave BTC to sells it an exchange, and you buy it back off that exchange, then the whole thing was pointless because you wanted to keep your bitcoin and give up dollars and he wanted to get dollars not bitcoin. If you take away the 3rd party its even more obvious, and even though its actually more efficient (no exchange fees) people won't do it because its too obviously irrational. Convoluting the process is make-work in order to justify speculation. perverse incentives all round.


It depends what you're trying to promote it as, a speculative investment or a currency. Thinking you can simultaneously do both with all the benefits and none of the costs is the kind of wishful thinking that powers misinvestment. you can't simultaneously spend a currency and hoard it. Any attempts to try and do so are just attempts to fool yourself. currency is for exchanging values, there's no way to simultaneously trade a value and keep it at the same time.


By people genuinely valuing it as a currency, not as a way of accumulating fiat. This kind of make-work only cements fiats value as the universal medium of exchange for assets. Bitcoin is just one more asset added to the list of assets tradeable in fiat. 
Course that's not going to happen while its got a supply curve that inevitably leads to speculation and hoarding. People in the market quite rationally realize that there's no point spending bitcoin when you can hoard it and spend fiat instead.
@_date: 2018-02-03 18:10:01


Yup, Blockchain = Bitcoin just like social networking = MySpace.
They're both here to stay and they're NEVER going away. HODL those Myspace shares my friend. First to market ALWAYS wins in the end. Don't buy into the FUD.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:36:38


Scientific method requires replicability and falsifiability, and control for variables.
Economics is a soft-science because you can't run proper experiments.
 You can run controlled experiments in a lab and try to extrapolate them to the entire world but they have low external validity because its such a simplified version of the economy. 20 college students in a lab can't properly replicate the behaviors of millions of people in the real world.
you can try to run experiments in the real world economy but there are so many variables they're very difficult to replicate. Economies are constantly changing so you can't say X will have the same effect on Y economy as Z economy. you can't get everyone agree to keep all other variables the same while we change variable X.


Correlation != causation.
You can't predict what the temperature will be in the future simply by looking at previous patterns in temperature. The weather is a complex multivariable dynamic system, you have to look at and understand all the relevant variables to make accurate predictions, which is why we struggle to make accurate predictions about the weather past a couple of weeks.
This is the failing of all technical analysis. it pretends that you can understand a complex multivariable system just by looking at historical patters in one variable.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:00:26


It's a necessary self-deception to keep the bubble going.
If you admit to yourself that you're only buying because you want to profit from price increases, then you have to acknowledge the fact the only reason the price is increasing is because everyone else is doing the same thing.
If instead you tell yourself that HODLING is investing in the future of bitcoin, then you can fool yourself that all these price rises are just proof of bitcoins STORE OF VALUE, even though rampant speculation is just making it less useful.
@_date: 2018-02-01 15:09:37
Did I criticize any of those concepts in my post?
None of the things you mentioned have anything to do with my criticisms of bitcoin.
It's not enough to simply go by the label of something without looking at how it works in practice. how about addressing the concerns raised instead of just going "so you hate decentralization huh?"
Supporting freedom has nothing to do with supporting everything anyone does with that freedom. That's like saying if I agree with freedom of speech then I must support everything anyone ever says otherwise I'm a hypocrite.
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:07:22


That's not cash, thats a debit/credit card/payment service.
Cash refers to coins and notes as opposed to other forms of money.


Do these places not accept cash?
They're only accepting BTC as a gimmick to attract people like yourself who will go out of their way to spend it for no practical reason which is not a sustainable or realistic use case.
If you dig a little deeper into the trade flows of "spend and replace" it becomes obvious why it won't help bitcoin replace fiat.


If you buy your BTC back from an exchange, and the person you gave it sold it on an exchange (which they're going to because no business wants to keep its cashflow in a volatile speculative asset), what's the net result?
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:02:57
Did you post the same thing to all the OVER 9000 posts?
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:48:44
Bills of Credit have been in use since before the US was a country. Fiat currency redeemable for nothing, backed only by the governments promise to accept them as payment for debts.
The earliest fiat dates back 1000 years.
@_date: 2018-02-13 23:44:18


So its not usable yet. Devs don't want anyone using it because its nowhere near ready yet.


"billions of transactions per hour". lol.
I like how you're so confident about what lightning will be capable of when Satoshi himself completely failed to predict Bitcoins scaling problems and thought we would just end up using 700mb blocks, and only later realized just making blocks bigger wasn't feasible.
Satoshi thought Bitcoin could scale without any 2nd layer. But don't worry, 2nd layer solutions will definitely 100% make bitcoin scale even though no one has come close to making it work yet. If recent events have taught us anything its that 100% confidence in the eventual success of experimental software is 100% warranted and will always meet expectations. It's never more complicated in practice than it is in theory.
Definitely the first cryptocurrency anyone ever tried to write is fundamentally scalable and won't ever be replaced.


because daily transactions are under 200k.


I'm not invested in any crypto, I don't believe any of them so far have solved the fundamental problem of supply adjustment, or even attempted to, although I'm excited at the possibility that people might try to solve it one day instead of just building deflationary get rich quick schemes.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:28:25


Are those the only two options?
how about they've been running a massive fractional reserve, and now the government are looking into them they're trying to shore up their reserves so they can avoid prosecution for securities fraud?
No one is saying they haven't been making money. What use is that money in prison? If Tether is a scam it makes perfect sense for them to use that money to avoid jail.
This is the first time ever they've pulled a significant amount of Tether out of supply. Is that purely coincidental? Who's been redeeming all that Tether, given that people can't openly redeem Tether anymore (apparently only a few specially selected whales can do that now, totally legit).
Most previous frauds have started without any great planning. Someone gets hacked, they can't afford to settle accounts, so they tell themselves in the short term they'll just lie about their reserves, after all, they're making so much money, soon they'll be able to pay back their clients. If they go out of business then no one gets paid, so really lying is really in their clients best interest. Then they get in a pit and can't stop digging.
@_date: 2018-02-21 16:08:32
Also excludes hidden fees like giving a poor exchange rate that some exchanges use to pretend their fees are lower than they are.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:10:26
I'm saying the opposite.
If people think deflation is such a good thing they should explain why the one time in the last 100 years that the US dollar had significant deflation it was an absolute shitshow.
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:32:02
Bitcoin attracted early adopters by creating incentives that would make them rich. Why would those people suddenly stop caring about those incentives?
Mining is heavily centralized due to economies of scale. People who have invested millions into mining equipment have both a disproportionate level of influence, and strong incentives to make sure those millions pay off. 
There is no mechanism in bitcoin to make people care about things like keeping transaction fees low, or keeping confirmation times low. In fact they're encouraged to keep fees and confirmation time high so long as it keeps pushing the value of bitcoins up. The incentives were all designed to attract people to the currency rather than to keep them there.
Since most people buying into bitcoin are doing so as an investment rather than as a functional currency, the incentives are to keep it a good investment, not make it a functional currency. The very things that would make the currency more functional (i.e. reducing price volatility, quick, free transactions) would stop it from giving such good returns on investment.
@_date: 2018-03-10 14:27:38


I'm not saying it is doomed, you asked for a reason why Litecoin might overtake Bitcoin, and I gave one. If Bitcoin requires lightning to scale, and Lightning requires low fees to scale, then its possible lightning will struggle to scale if fees start going up again which will happen if we see 400k+ transactions in the near future.
I never said it will happen, but it could happen, and its being willfully obtuse to pretend something like that couldn't happen.
400k is nothing in the scale of global payment networks. PayPal alone handles 13 million transactions a day. There are less payment networks you havne't even heard of that handle over 1 million. If bitcoin saw any significant increase in P2P transactions (which it was designed for), then you can easily see 400K+ daily transactions.
You're banking on people not using bitcoin what it was designed for during all the years lightning will need to scale for this not to be an issue. Which hey, it might happen, but it could easily not, especially if some new use case is developed.


That is what I was comparing when I was talking about "payment networks".
In order for a payment network like Paypal (or lightning) to be useful, you have to have a critical mass of people using it so that having money in a paypal account actually matters. If a bunch of people open paypal accounts but no one is accepting paypal its useless.
Paypal handled this in a few ways, one was just giving away money in the early days, the other was to get a deal with eBay which handled a large volume of online trade but didn't have a good solution. eBay itself tried to push its own payment network called Billpoint but by that time PayPal was so large it couldn't compete. 


That means the majority of transaction "growth" during 2017 wasn't from any adoption of use as currency then, it was purely a result of exchanges being inefficient with their current level of traffic.
Although there is actually data that shows not all of the decrease in use can be attributed to "batching"
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:56:59
Do you support legal insider trading and price fixing as an extension of freedom of economic choice?
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:46:09
I'm saying if there was, and hundreds of thousands of dollars were lost on Lightning then it would effect the success of Lightning more than what some blogger thinks about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-24 12:02:07


53% of Nigerians don't have internet access. And Nigeria is relatively well connected compared to some of its neighbors. A payment method isn't very useful if it requires technology more than half the nation lacks.


I specifically mentioned offline transactions in the first point, why did you even bother replying with "paper wallets" if the idea that someone might not have an internet connection is so ridiculous to you that it ends all potential for discussion?
You asked what fiat was better at than bitcoin and now you seem to object to the very idea that anything that fiat is better at even matters. Even if you believe in bitcoin 100% it does not serve to be so one sided and deny there's anything cash is still useful for.


Do you think the only reason you could want to trade offline is not having an internet connection?
Offline cash trades are instant, feeless and untraceable.
Cash is the most popular payment method in Germany. Do you think Germans don't have the technology for credit cards and paypal?
@_date: 2018-02-26 23:53:09
The difference between December and January was only 2,000 extra 100+ outputs, when it had already doubled from before December. Doesn't seem likely for a small increase in high output transactions to be responsible for such a massive drop in daily transactions unless the distribution is highly bimodal, which is possible.
If it is true then it means the vast majority of transaction growth to date has just been made up of inefficient exchanges, which again, is possible, seems unlikely though.


Seems like a lot of guess work. Unless people can actually identify which traffic is the result of batching and which is other high output transactions you can't say anything for sure.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:20:43
They used quote marks, pretty poor attempt at "stealing" to use marks specifically to denote a quotation.
@_date: 2018-03-20 14:08:55
@_date: 2018-03-05 20:01:10
The Founding Fathers also never intended slavery to be illegal, otherwise they would have written it into the bill of rights.
They also never intended tax evasion to be legal otherwise they also would have written that in and not levied taxes themselves.
@_date: 2018-03-15 13:43:07


How is liquidity exiting the system from a bunch of people speculating on bitcoin?
If a bunch of people speculate on housing, or gold, does liquidity also exit the system? Where does the money disappear to?
Bitcoin just adds another asset to be traded with money, its not reducing the liquidity of banks.
@_date: 2018-02-16 20:39:49
You're simply arguing against inflation. 0 inflation doesn't mean you have to have deflation.
You have not addressed the clear incentive to hoard caused by deflation and the zero-sum transfer of wealth that deflation causes.


None of that explains why deflation is a good thing.




Lets say your government bans exchanges and bans all banks from facilitating buying and selling bitcoin. How do you continue to use bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-02-11 22:19:52
First off a small aside on the data, 33% was over multiple years of the Great Depression, the worst it ever got was 10% in a year (1932).
Second, these are good points but they're missing out on an important part of monetary theory.
You can't measure inflation/deflation strictly by overall money supply, you also have to look at how frequently its changing hands.
During the Great Depression, the Fed didn't destroy or lose 33% of dollars, that money was taken out of circulation by the market because people started hoarding money (most specifically banks stopped loaning money) due to the financial crash. the amount of gold in the world didn't decrease, it increased. Not only did it increase but the rate of production also increased, but more people were hoarding gold than trading it so overall availability decreased, which limited the printing of gold backed dollars to counteract the incentive to hoard.
A small amount of overall supply shortage can cause a deflationary spiral that leads to huge deflationary effects. The more profitable it is to hoard, the more people hoard, and the more people hoard the more profitable it becomes to hoard.
If overall gold supply just stayed static it would have been catastrophic, let alone if overall supply was being lost, since the incentive to hoard would have been much stronger. It's one of the reasons the government outlawed private gold ownership during the Great Depression, which allowed them to get more gold to print more dollars to help reverse deflation.
Even if this wasn't the case, you would still have to go through decades of hyper-deflation to get to that point where demand will level off to the rate of global economic growth, which is realistically not going to happen. Less than 0.1% of the worlds population has bitcoin and most of the bitcoins there will ever be have already been distributed and are in the hands of an even smaller percentage of peoplw, so the deflationary pressure is immense. Demand will have to go up year on year for decades whilst supply exponentially drops at intervals. During that time no adoption of currency will be going on because its too deflationary, it will just be building up a huge speculative bubble in a dysfunctional currency.
@_date: 2018-03-20 12:25:41


How did you get anyone to accept bitcoin was a functional alternative to euros when median transaction fees were $10+?
Did you pay $10 to give them $5 in change?
@_date: 2018-03-05 15:49:40
How is that relevant to "only keynesians call them hoarders"?
Hayek of the Austrian school opposed money hoarding, as did Milton Friedman of the Chicago school.
At the time, Hayek was so confident that deflation/hoarding was universally considered a bad thing that he said "no one thinks that deflation is in itself desirable".
Deflation being seen as a positive thing is a modern invention by goldbugs/politically motivated libertarians who want to bastardize Austrian school economics to fit their own philosophy.
@_date: 2018-03-21 23:59:43
This requires idealized assumptions about how distributed and bidirectional trade flows are going to be in the early network, how long channels will stay open for, and how much liquidity individuals are going to be keeping available.
If everyone who opens a channel never closes it, every channel always has enough liquidity to facilitate any transaction (either by perfectly bidirectional trade or committing enough funds to never empty out), everyone opens channels in a way to ensure that everyone is always connected to everyone else and there aren't redundant channels, and there is 100% co-operation in the network then yes it doesn't matter what the network structure looks like because everyone is still connected to everyone else, its all the same level of liquidity in the network.
No network will actually work like that in real life, especially not in the early stages when hardly anyone is using it and so the network effects are minimal and the need to pull funds out of the network to use elsewhere will be high. The use cases of the channels will directly impact both how much liquidity is made available, how accessible it is, how long it will be made available for, and what level of redundancy will be necessary to maintain that level of liquidity.
You need use cases that make LN useful now, not in some hypothetical future where everyone is using LN for everything. Once everyone is using LN then you don't have to worry about trade flows because people will be getting paid in LN, paying their rent in LN, buying all their stuff in LN. Until that point you need to worry about trade flows.
People will be constantly emptying out their channels because for the vast majority of consumers they don't receive as much from merchants as they spend, and people aren't just going to store their all their bitcoins on the LN indefinitely because of the security risk.
If you have a "flat" low redundancy mesh-net then it requires every single channel between you and the one you're trading with to remain open and online, with sufficient liquidity to facilitate transactions. If a single node goes out it can take down double digit percentages of liquidity and connectivity in the network. 
So you could have a high-redundancy flat network but that would require people opening far more channels than they actually need to, and committing more funds than they need to to ensure there's always a connection to everyone else who's online with enough funds to make the trades they want to make.
The only way to achieve high reliability, connectivity and liquidity without lots of redundant channels (which both decreases the cost benefit of LN and decreases the functional liquidity) is with hub and spoke, and as long as it costs money and opportunity to cost to open channels and commit funds there's going to be a strong financial incentive to centralize. the only people who are going to provide huge amounts of accessible liquidity to the network are those who have a financial incentive to do so, and that liquidity is only directly accessible if you have a direct connection to them i.e. large payment hubs.
Individuals in a P2P network are going to be much less reliable nodes than institutional actors. They aren't going to have a full time team working on maintenance and security, they aren't going to have a huge amount of capital that allows them to keep liquidity indefinitely in the network, they aren't going to have the economies of scale to amortize those costs into a reasonable fee.
@_date: 2018-03-10 14:13:51
Why should there be regulations against insider trading and price fixing but not against people price dumping? 
Arguably insider trading can be less manipulative/destructive than dumping. If you work at a company and you find out the company is going bankrupt next month and sell your shares, that's illegal. But deliberately tanking the price of bitcoin so you can profit is not.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:47:48
"buy the dip"
@_date: 2018-03-27 20:31:38
sales margin doesn't matter for cashflow. If you only make 5% after paying all your employees and running costs you can't afford to keep cashflow in a currency that might drop 10% and leave you unable to pay your employees, which means you just have to convert to USD anyway, which costs money, which leads most businesses to the same conclusion:
"If I'm going to spend money to immediately convert to USD, and my customers all have USD, why don't I just accept USD only and skip the conversion step"
the only answer to that is if your business is heavily reliant on people who are only doing business with you because you offer bitcoin and would take their business elsewhere if you removed it, which is not a significant number of people for most businesses.
@_date: 2018-03-06 21:19:04
Veto power means you can block things, it doesn't mean you can enforce things.
The Eurozone also has enough votes to veto anything.
How does the US having a veto allow them to get the IMF to support invasions based on retaining the USD as a reserve currency?
What actions by the IMF were aimed at facilitating the Iraq war?
@_date: 2018-03-03 16:28:13


I'm talking specifically about people who use it as proof of market share, such as in the OP. In these cases you are explicitly comparing bitcoin to others, not to itself


I'm not saying it makes market cap a valid metric, I'm saying it invalidates the claim that its valid from people who want to have their cake and eat it.
@_date: 2018-03-27 21:04:14


If you assume no cannibalizing of sales, that for example the only people who were buying games on Steam with bitcoin are the kind of people who never bought a game on Steam before and would never again if bitcoin was removed. Otherwise you're just encouraging people to move to a less profitable payment method for no benefit.
The only businesses I see likely to have no cannibalization are ones specifically geared around bitcoin (i.e. selling a bitcoin t-shirt), so the only people you are attracting are people who want to spend bitcoin specifically, not just people who want to use the most convenient payment method to get goods and services.


The cost of implementing a new payment system isn't fixed, it would actually cost quite a bit both in implementation, and maintenance. Making sure just adding it didn't break anything else would be a significant cost, and even more costly if you don't test properly and break something, losing hundreds of dollars of sales for every second it takes to fix.
E-commerce isn't just set and forget. You have to have at least one person (if not a team of people) monitoring it so they can quickly jump on any bugs, exploits and updates that are required. 
Then there's also other costs like customer service. One of the biggest problems Steam was having with bitcoin is that the value of bitcoin would change between the sending of funds and the receiving, and Steam wouldn't send the game until the customer sent the remainder, which caused all kinds of customer service shit with people trying to get refunded or work out why they didn't get sent the game they paid for.
For a small enough % of extra sales these costs would outweigh any benefit.


By that logic it also shows how bad bitcoin is because they could have just put an address up for donations, but presumably the effort it would require to co-ordinate the back end for it would not be worth the small amount of money it would bring in.
It was my understanding that bitcoin would replace these kind of 3rd party solutions, not be dependent on them.
@_date: 2017-09-28 20:29:34


How is it meant to show any correlation between price and network value?
Your link claimed that when the number of participants (measured by daily transactions) doubled, the value would quadruple.
According to this graph, in [October 2016 there were roughly 230,000 daily transactions]( At that same time bitcoin was worth 600 dollars.
As of September 27, the daily transactions were again roughly 230,000, yet the the price is over $4,000.
This clearly does not validate the claim that the increase in value over the last year is down to an increase in people using bitcoin. Or that a doubling in users would quadruple the value. I can go back to times when transaction volume has doubled and price has barely moved.
Even if you assume transactions are a effective proxy for number of nodes in the networks, the number of transactions hasn't doubled in the last year, not even close.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:40:25
I didn't say that though did I.
I said that bitcoin is still functionally the same now as when it was worth $100, except its worse now because it wasn't built to scale well and transaction times and transaction fees are going up. Maybe you can tell me how these things make it a better currency.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:07:12
What happens to the value when everyone who was holding bitcoin out of supply suddenly starts trying to exchange them for goods and services?
@_date: 2018-02-19 14:26:37


If bitcoin becomes a global currency, and 1 bitcoin becomes worth millions of dollars, how exactly did someone in some village in Mozambique with no internet and no electricity have equal opportunity to get rich as a Silicon Valley billionaire who managed to buy 500,000 bitcoins when they were $100 a piece?
you can't even buy bitcoin on exchanges in most of the world because the banking infrastructure doesn't exist.
How do people not even born yet have an equal chance?
Hyper-deflation obviously stacks the deck against latecomers, which in this case is not "tyrants and oligarchs", its "the unbanked" the people claim bitcoin is meant to help.
A currency with a level playing field doesn't offer any advantage/disadvantage to someone born 100 years ago or 200 years from now.
@_date: 2018-02-24 15:12:49
Have you ever heard of the tragedy of Purchasing Power Parity?
It's not a story the Jedi would tell you.
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:18:56
Why would a multi-billion dollar company make their decision before bitcoin is a viable payment option?
@_date: 2018-02-13 18:35:40


So if you go to Europe and convert your dollars to euros, every time you spend euros do you buy them back with dollars, so that when you leave europe you can leave with as many euros as you started with?
It's not the converting currency that's an issue, its buying it back immediately so you can tell yourself that you want to simultaneously hoard a bitcoin and spend it. They're directly contradictory acts, which is obvious if you don't obfuscate the direction of trades. You cannot have a cake you have eaten, you cannot hoard a bitcoin you have spent.
No one treats actual currency like this. The only reason to treat bitcoin like this is because really you want to hoard bitcoin as an asset and use fiat as a currency, but you want to pretend to yourself otherwise.
If I give you bitcoin for a t shirt, and then immediately buy back the bitcoin from you for dollars, the net result is keeping bitcoin and spending dollars. You lose a t shirt and gain fiat, I lose fiat and gain a t shirt. the "spending" of bitcoin is contrived. There was no point in giving the bitcoin since I didn't really want to give it up in the first place. Nothing different is happening than if I just kept hold of the bitcoin and spent dollars, other than wasting fees and block space. 
 If we get a 3rd person to exchange the bitcoin for dollars it doesn't change whats happening, it just wastes money because that 3rd party takes a % to facilitate the exchange. I have still just given you a bitcoin then immediately got it back, and bought something with fiat instead, the route is just obfuscated.
Any "demand" for bitcoin is illusory created by contrived trading behavior. If an exchange agrees to trade ether and bitcoin back and forth a million times it can create billions in trade "volume", but in reality nothing is being traded.
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:40:26


Bitcoins market share has dropped from over 90% to just under 30% in the last few years.
It's a P2P network. If people stop using it it will become worthless.
The idea it will somehow be immune to competition and replacement more than any other P2P network is not backed by any evidence or historical precedent.
Myspace had a much bigger lead on facebook than Bitcoin had on its competitors, and still lost out just because Facebook was slightly better designed and marketed.
Bitcoin isn't going to remain relevant in P2P currency anymore than Napster remained relevant in P2P filesharing.
Tech is a highly innovative and competitive field. If a software/company remains market leader for 20 years that's considered a long run. Yahoo didn't even make it that long and it was a relative giant.
No software remains indefinitely relevant. IE isn't the number 1 browser anymore, Alta Vista isn't the number 1 search engine, Myspace isn't the number 1 social network.
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:24:41
I'm not willing to build any business around any version of bitcoin because its not used enough to be worth the effort, the fees and the speed are worse than existing alternatives that have near 100% market penetration.
Bitcoin isn't even in the top 10 payment solutions I would think of implementing.
@_date: 2018-03-11 23:49:29


@_date: 2018-03-03 23:59:02
Every single country in the world abandoned it for that reason, regardless of their level of debt or involvement in the war?
Not a single microstate wanted to carry on a national gold standard?
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:05:17
back at 10k now
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:39:22
Since the tech is open source, all of this is predicated on the idea that somehow bitcoin being artificially scarce makes it more valuable as currency, and that somehow people can be "locked in" to paying for bitcoin and couldn't just use a less scarce exact copy of bitcoin.
If that's not true then there's nothing to stop people just from using an exact clone of bitcoin except that doesn't involve a pyramid scheme style distribution pattern and allows people to buy in at a constant price and so doesn't encourage hoarding and discourage late adoption.
The value of the underlying tech has nothing to do with the price. Relative scarcity is what dictates price. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:53:19
7 day average daily transactions are lower than they have been in over 2 years.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:53:40
Deflation is also "theft" if you're defining "theft" as a zero sum transfer of wealth via manipulating the money supply. It's just transferring it in the opposite direction.
@_date: 2018-02-28 15:13:03
Regulated doesn't mean illegal.
Pharmacies are regulated, stock exchanges are regulated, hospitals are regulated, it doesn't mean they are illegal.
Ones that break the regulations get shut down.
Venezuela has regulated exchanges:
@_date: 2018-02-17 17:20:36


Definitely not a pyramid scheme.
Getting kids to guilt trip their parents into buying bitcoin is not only right but a MORAL OBLIGATION of the hodler.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:08:43


Why would you waste the fees of both transferring bitcoin and exchange fees buying more bitcoin with fiat when you could just hand someone cash directly and pay no fees and not risk losing any of your bitcoin from the price going up while you don't have it?
If the person you gave bitcoin to sells it on an exchange for fiat, and you buy that same amount back for fiat off the same exchange, what is the net result?
@_date: 2018-03-09 13:10:18
Huh? Did you even read the twitter thread you linked to?
The very first reply is someone saying that batching isn't responsible and the next reply is Andreas saying that its right he just disagrees with use of bad data to justify the claim.
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:12:06
80% of bitcoins there will ever be are already owned by .1% of the worlds population.
If Bitcoin grew to be used by 90% of people, then a tiny number of people would have control over an even greater number of peoples finances.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:49:14
During the Great Depression the value of the US dollar significantly increased, which is odd if we're meant to believe deflation = good and inflation = bad.
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:44:29


How do you see this happening when the rate of supply is exponentially decreasing yet not even 1% of the population uses bitcoin and far fewer than that use it on a regular basis.
Unless demand for bitcoin starts drying up (and eventually starts to reverse, as supply will), then supply and demand can't ever be matched.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:30:51


What do you think a fractional reserve is if not an iou for what is kept in reserve?
The whole point of a fractional reserve is you have more IOUs than you have reserve so that you can lend out more than you actually have, and hopefully people won't all try to get the reserve at once.
@_date: 2018-02-15 15:23:41
Daily reminder that Lightning devs don't want people using mainnet yet and say its just slowing down development and building up backwards compatibility issues.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:36:39
Are you getting any sense of how bidirectional the trade flows are in the network?
One of the biggest challenges I can see with Lightning is building an ecosystem of symmetric balances in order to avoid having to constantly open new channels to add more funds.
i.e. lots of people send money to retailers like Amazon, not many people are getting paid anything from Amazon, so unless LN gets so massive most people are getting paid over LN, then people are going to have to close and open channels on a regular basis, which both impacts cost efficiency and network reliability.
@_date: 2018-03-16 14:36:41


I dedicate a lot of the rest of the post to that, I'm not sure whether you asked this before reading the rest but I will lay them out briefly here for clarity's sake.
correct me if any of these aren't an accurate summary of your premises.
1. that wealth generation is zero sum (i.e. wealth generation is a finite pie, and increasing one type of wealth generation means you will have less of another type. less efficient than average wealth generation is a drag on overall wealth generation, all wealth generation should either be average of the economy or higher, it is not possible to add to the total amount of wealth at below average rate without it being at the expense of wealth generation at a higher rate).
2. consequent to this, gains made from deflation aren't rent seeking by controlling access to the money supply, they are instead a reward for freeing up resources that can now be put to better use. 
3. That profitability is the measure of how much wealth is being generated, and the way to maximize wealth generation is to maximize profitability. a higher margin business/industry is always generating more wealth than a lower margin one.
4. that there are no inherent limits to profitability/efficiency, all resources in the economy can be dedicated to the most efficient/profitable use without diminishing returns causing efficiency/profitability to drop below average
I could respond to each of these in turn but I want to reply to your other points which would mean a lot of repeating myself in what will already be a long post. the short version is I think all these premises are incorrect and that there are real world examples that prove all of them wrong. They're all logically possible they just rely on assumptions about the world that don't hold true, and come from  working out a logical way of justifying deflation as a just reward of some kind.


God damn we're really close to hitting on something here.
So we agree this is the textbook definition of rent-seeking, literally where the name comes from.
You own a piece of land, and rather than generating any wealth yourself, you simply charge someone permission to use that land to generate wealth. No more wealth is being generated by you charging permission, you simply increase your share of wealth by taking a % of wealth someone else has generated. 
There was a time that there was a vast pool of unused, unowned land, and if you wanted to farm you just went somewhere no one was using and started using it. A non-zero sum game. But then governments started letting people buy up ownership of land even if it wasn't being used, even if they didn't do anything to produce the land or make it usable. they just bought permission to block its use off the government. So pretty soon all land got bought up and blocked, even though it wasn't being blocked because it was in use, it was blocked just because its more profitable to hold onto it and wait for other peoples work to increase its value than to use it for anything, capping the productive potential of land at much lower than it actually should be, by distorting the profit mechanism. If you own large amounts of land its most profitable to trickle out a small supply of land to develop to maximize the profit on each unit, and to use profits to buy more land to speculate on rather than to develop the land for productive purposes, which answers "well why don't they speculate on land and use it to generate wealth at the same time?".
Land is one of the few resources in society that we cannot meaningfully increase the supply of so it does actually act in a zero-sum fashion once all of it is owned, which makes it ideal for rent-seeking.
Because the supply of land stays static while the amount of things to trade for land increases (increasing demand to supply, increasing price), its possible to make huge fortunes by buying up land, blocking its productive use for decades and then selling it on at a much higher price to someone else, when more wealth would have been generated if we had a system where there was an economic incentive to use land to generate wealth rather than to hoard and block its use.
You could say "well the economy has grown, its only right that the value of land has kept pace, the increased value is a reward for making that investment earlier on", but we know thats not why, its only because the supply has failed to keep pace with the supply of other things, because we can't practically make any more land (except spending billions for tiny oil rigs and land reclamation), but we can make more of almost everything else. If we weren't producing lots of other wealth to trade for land, land wouldn't be increasing in value.
If we could increase the supply of land it would be impossible to rent seek in this way. If supply grew 1:1 with demand, then the price would stay constant, you could buy a piece of land wait 100 years, it would still only be worth what you paid for it, because people would just have created more land to counter your attempt at rent seeking. Therefore there would be no economic incentive to buy land just to hoard it, the only way to profit from buying land would be to use it for something productive. Unfortunately there's no magic land generating machine, and we inherited the land-owning system from feudal serf/slave owners, so a legalized rent-seeking monopoly on land ownership has led to an incredibly dysfunctional market for land and housing, complete with speculative bubbles.
Profiting from blocking land is analagous to the rent-seeking profits made by hoarding a deflationary currency (whether its deflationary because supply of things to trade for currency increases while currency stays static, or whether currency supply drops relative to supply of things to trade). 
In a system where 1 unit of currency is produced for every 1 unit of wealth, it is impossible to rent-seek in this manner because there will always be a 1:1 relationship between the value of currency and wealth, meaning you can buy up as much currency as you want, and wait as long as you want, each token will still only be worth 1 unit of wealth, meaning its impossible to profit from blocking use of currency for productive purposes. The only way to profit from money in this system is to use it to generate some kind of wealth (assuming there's no other rent-seeking possible in the system).
The unit of currency only exists to trade units of wealth, it makes no sense not to add a unit of currency for every unit of wealth that can now be traded. It's only by the inertia and network effects of currency that any rent-seeking would be possible at all. As we have seen in the great depression people will quickly abandon currency and just directly barter goods and services rather than impoverish themselves to profit rent-seeking money-hoarders.
@_date: 2018-03-07 15:30:13


False dichotomy. Deflation can cause prices to drop even as production goes down. Prices during the Great Depression dropped by 30%. Economic output also dropped by slightly more. Prices dropped because the supply of dollars dropped by 33%, and not because anyone destroyed dollars, but because the incentive to hoard pulled a significant amount of out circulation. This caused prices to drop below cost of production in many areas which caused many businesses to go bust (1 in 3 farms went bankrupt during the Great Depression).
Prices weren't dropping because things were getting cheaper to make. 
If you have a mass transfer of wealth from goods and services to currency holders you create huge disincentive to generate goods and services instead of just hoarding currency. This becomes a deflationary spiral, as the more people start hoarding currency, the lower the available supply becomes, the more profitable it is to hoard, the less money is available to generate goods and services.


It's not the price of goods going down that matters but the value of a currency going up. While prices might be relatively lower in either case, there is a difference between something becoming cheaper to make, and something costing the same but the value of a currency increasing.
If the price of a computer goes down, it goes down whether in USD or BTC.
So if you want to buy a computer, why would you buy it in BTC (which goes up), and not USD (which goes down)?
@_date: 2018-02-03 20:41:39
Shouldn't that mean you should want the price to go as low as possible? That way you can buy up all the BTC in the world for a cent.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:53:14
Pretty much. Of course I can't know for sure because so much vital information isn't public but that's what my best guess is.
If they can't prove legitimacy all that money is going to get seized anyway. 0% of 2 billion is still 0.
The only other option I can see to explain all the banking shenanigans and failed audits is that they do have the money but is mostly/all illegal either from money laundering or black markets. But in that case all their reserves are still going to get seized so its still a massive risk vector.
@_date: 2017-09-28 13:57:44
That's not what is happening though.
In the last year, bitcoin quadrupled from $1,000 to $4,000. The number of people using bitcoin has not quadrupled, the amount of goods being bought and sold has not quadrupled, the number of merchants accepting bitcoin has not quadrupled. That value is coming almost entirely from people buying bitcoins to speculate on them, not spend them as currency.
Less than 4% of the total volume of bitcoins are being traded in any given year. That is not the sign of a thriving currency, its the sign of an asset that's being hoarded and speculated on. The velocity of bitcoin is terrible, and it has been hardwired into the currency by guaranteeing it will deflate over time.
No one wants to spend a currency that will be worth considerably more next month than it is this month. For any vendor that accepts both dollars and bitcoin, why would you buy in bitcoin and not dollars when dollars will be worth less over time and bitcoins will be worth more? Greshams law means people will just spend inflationary currencies like dollars whilst keeping hold of assets like bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:16:48
50% of the demand for gold comes from the jewelry industry. Another 10% comes from electronics, medical, food and a scattering of other industries. The rest comes from banks and speculators. It's also naturally scarce. If there was a way of cheaply making gold its price would plummet.
Banks are only interested in holding gold as a store of value because its consistently valued around the world for other reasons, mainly jewelry. If people stopped buying gold jewelry the price of gold would plummet.
Scarcity does not = wealth. The goal of human economy is not to profit from scarcity but to decrease scarcity. Profit is only useful as far as its a means of allocating resources to decrease scarcity (i.e. gold mines profit, invest in mining more gold, gold is now less scarce).
Platinum is 3x scarcer than gold, but less valuable per ounce because there's much less demand for platinum jewelry.
Gold is now worthless as currency. Try going into a store and buy something with a gold coin. People will only give you something for it because of its value as metal (or historical artifact). Now the metal value of every gold coin is far higher than face value.
What is bitcoins "metal" value, if its no longer a useful currency?
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:53:44
I believe when they say it loses value over time they mean proportional to the resources put in.
i.e. in the very early days a couple of over clocked computers in your garage could net you thousands of bitcoins whereas now you're talking about a huge investment in hardware to get the equivalent return.
It's dangerous to assume that the market is so stable and rational that bitcoin will inevitably level off when there would be strong incentive for people who invested a lot in mining equipment to jump ship to new more profitable currencies rather than help maintain bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:26:04


This becomes obviously nonsense if you imagine doing both trades with the same person:
Person 1 buys a car off Person 2 for 1 bitcoin
Person 1 now has no bitcoin left. Time to rebuy!
Person 1 now buys his bitcoin back off Person 2 for $8,000
All that has happened here is someone buying a car for $8,000 except they wasted space and fees on the blockchain by trading a bitcoin and then immediately buying it back.
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:56:17
That's like saying gold can't be seized unless somebody has the co-ordinates to where its buried. Which is true but also irrelevant.
Either you try to keep it memorized and risk losing it forever or else write it down in which case its only as secure as the writing.
Of course bitcoin can be seized, over 1,000,000 have been seized. What you mean is the cryptography can't be broken (yet), which you can say about anything using the same level of crypto. You can't break the cryptography that backs credit cards, it doesn't mean you can't steal someones credit card details.
The fact the cryptography might be broken one day gives it a massive security vulnerability that something like burying gold doesn't have. No one can teleport gold out of a safe buried in your yard just by guessing the right numbers.
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:55:54
One of the biggest popular myths is that somehow there are "network effects" from speculation, and that somehow its "the network" that is valuable, not the scarcity of coin.
Yet the number of large retailers accepting bitcoin has decreased significantly while the price has increased, so this clearly isn't true.
There is nothing locking anyone into a network that no one is actually using as currency. It's not a "network" anymore than gold speculators are a "network". There's no cost to leaving the "gold currency" network because no one is using it as a currency.
This idea has blinded people to the fact that there's no way they can possibly lock people into paying 10x for access to a currency that no one is using, and no one is using it because they expect it to be worth 10x in the near future.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:57:49
The difference is bitcoin was meant to be decentralized, not a way of early adopters getting rich.
If you build a currency based on "early adopters get rich", you're encouraging volatility because why stick with a currency making a small percentage on transaction fees when you can throw your mining machines behind new currencies that might get you huge returns again?
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:07:29
It's a lie.
It's like saying transactions by check are instantaneous, you just have to wait until the bank confirm the check went through.
Someone just trusting that the transaction will go through at some point is not the same thing as an "instantaneous" transaction.
@_date: 2018-03-07 15:58:31




Pick one.
Lightning is off chain, you're not transferring any bitcoin until you close a channel.


People want charge backs, theres a reason every developed nation has them. this is not some kind of feature. People don't want people to be able to fraudulently use their payment details with no way of getting the money back.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:00:35


So the price in fiat actually matters, which means "don't worry about price, 1 BTC = 1 BTC" is fucking stupid. Of course its value (as measured in price) actually matters. If it didn't then there'd be no point speculating. If 1 BTC = 1 BTC was all that mattered then there's no reason to HODL because its never going to be worth more than 1 BTC. The only point in HODLing is because you think 1 BTC is going to be worth more dollars, lambos, whatever in future. In which case price matters.
@_date: 2018-03-06 20:14:04


It's convenient that the only significant period of deflation in the last 100 years is not admissible as evidence of what happens when you have deflation.
Why will people hoard a 10% deflationary currency that was previously intentionally inflated but they won't hoard one that hasn't?  The incentive remains exactly the same. 10% deflation means you can make 10% return on investment simply by holding cash. There is absolutely no reason for anyone to invest in something that provides less than 10% (which is most business loans and investments) if they can make more profit doing nothing. This is what causes deflationary spirals, because people stop investing in wealth creation, which slows the economy, which makes hoarding cash even more attractive compared to investing in a collapsing economy, and hoarding increases the rate of deflation by decreasing the available supply and velocity of money.
A currency like the USD has never been inflationary in Zimbabwe, demand has always surpassed supply leading to an increase in purchasing power over time. Is this also ineligible because USD is inflationary in the US and somehow that has an effect on a nation where USD has never been inflationary?


So when France stopped mandating Francs as legal tender, this had no significant impact on the utility of Francs as currency? You can still buy stuff with francs? In fact shouldn't the purchasing power of Francs have increased significantly since they haven't been making any new francs for decades?


Supply of bitcoin is completely inelastic, it doesn't respond to the price mechanism at all. When supply can't rise to meet demand, prices rise, and when the value of a currency rises an incentive to hoard reduces its velocity which reduces relative supply which increases relative price. It acts exactly as monetarist theory predicted it would 50 years ago. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:50:08
crypto is so great because it helps millionaires engage in tax fraud?
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:59:36


define - proof :
1 . - evidence or argument establishing a fact or the truth of a statement
I'm not saying the claim that its spam is either true or untrue, I'm saying its unproven. All evidence of unusual activity proves is unusual activity, you need additional evidence to show its deliberate span, unless you're saying all unusual activity is always spam, then I need to see your criteria for "unusual activity" and what evidence you used to arrive at that criteria.


So the guy you linked to who said it might or might not be deliberate, he was a troll for not saying that all the evidence you need that it is spam is already there? Why are you linking to trolls, why are you debating with trolls, why is everyone who disagrees with you a troll? Sounds like something a troll would do. I can't handle a good faith disagreement, anyone who disagrees with me is a troll. 


if you're going to dismiss any disagreement as a troll, why would I bother? I'm not trying to convince you I'm trying to convince other people to see how bad the argument is the evidence that those unusual transactions are spam is because they look like spam. you're already doing a better job of that than I can than just repeating a circular argument and calling any disagreement trolling.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:06:09
Other people are going to make it useful, while I get rich doing nothing - said everyone
@_date: 2018-02-24 16:28:30


You've already bought enough bitcoin to last a lifetime?
@_date: 2018-03-05 23:47:24


"prefer" is an ambiguous term, since it can mean expressed preference rather than actual behavior (i.e. people say they prefer mom and pops to walmart, but they don't actually act as if they do).
However the "preference" I'm talking about is this:
If you try to buy something with a gold coin, and with the equivalent value in dollars, 99/100 people will prefer the dollars because they know they're readily accepted as currency, even if they know the gold coin is more valuable over the long term than the dollars.
If they wanted a gold coin they could just buy one, right?
this is the fundamental difference between an asset and a currency. the fatal flaw in deflationist theory is assuming that you need one to act as both. 
the same reason you don't need dollars to be a store of value is the same reason everyone accepts dollars and not gold coins. If you want something that appreciates in value, you can just buy them with dollars. However, you can't use gold as currency, so even if its "more valuable" its less preferred since you just have to do work to sell it and get the same number of dollars.
this is how inflationary money pushes out deflationary money, because deflation fundamentally opposes the utility of a medium of exchange whereas inflation doesn't unless at very high levels. 
as soon as people start preferring to hoard it than spend it then it automatically becomes a worse medium of exchange. the problems of inflation do not effect its ability to act as a medium of exchange until extremely high levels. the problems of sub-hyper-inflation are not felt at the level of personal utility but of macro-economic stability, which isn't what people base their behaviors on.
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:38:18
GPU manufacture is very expensive and takes a lot of time and investment to get up and running.
Companies don't want to invest tens of millions in new fabrication specifically for crypto-miners only for everyone to switch to new cryptos that can't be effectively mined with GPUs.
They won't take any big risks while the market remains so volatile.
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:50:53
I answer that in the next sentence after that quote. I test whether my beliefs are correct by inviting challenges to them in the marketplace of ideas. I do that by challenging what I see as faulty ideas with better ideas and seeing what kind of response I get.
When I get countered with evidence and thoughtful reasoning then I know that there is a mistake in my thinking or evidence. When I get empty responses just trying to shut down debate then I know its likely I am on to a solid idea that has no reasonable opposition.
@_date: 2018-02-14 13:10:34


Why would that matter? If you don't believe it gets value from being used as a currency, and a great deal of bitcoin is already traded off-chain. Why can't people continue to buy and hold it off chain?
If it doesn't have value because of its use of currency, where does it come from? "its a store of value"? Why is it a store of value? Because its rare?


From a simple perspective of supply vs demand, that's the only thing that increases price. you have to look beyond that of why anyone would be buying a currency that no one spends, and what would happen if everyone just bought and no one sold.


This I agree on, but come to a radically different conclusion than you, that deflationary money will get abandoned in favor of less deflationary money (up to a point, slightly deflationary money will be preferred over hyper-deflationary money).
Gold retains value after being abandoned as currency because its hugely in demand as jewelry metal, and its consistently rare, which makes it consistently valuable around the world, which makes it useful for people who want to buy something that will keep a consistent value, although the more people speculate on it the less consistent it becomes.
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:22:03
just saying "troll, troll, strawman, strawman, troll" is not actually having a discussion.
If I actually am a troll that means I win because I got you to waste time on an argument I deliberately devised to waste your time, and if I'm not it means you're incapable of having a real discussion without just calling anyone who disagrees with you a troll.
Since you didn't actually make any counter-points I guess there's nothing left to say.
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:30:33
That must be why no one has ever had their bitcoins stolen.
It truly is the most secure currency.
@_date: 2018-02-01 12:55:43


So was Bitfinex, so was Tether. the CEO of Mt.Gox engaged in fraud to hide the extent of their losses from hacking. They thought if they could just keep the exchange running long enough they could make enough profit to pay off their losses.
sound familiar?
you haven't actually addressed the core point that Tether have repeatedly promised regular audits and have never produced one, both companies they hired to do one walked away under suspicious circusmtances, and they said they wouldn't print any more Tether until they got their banking situation resolved and have printed more Tether even though they've made no mention of getting a new banking relationship.
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:00:08


I buy a car from you with 1 bitcoin. Now I'm down 1 bitcoin so I buy my bitcoin back off you for $8,200.
So much easier than fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-04 17:57:05
Where did all those .7 billion in wire transfers come from in January given that no bank in the US or Taiwan will deal with them anymore?
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:47:05


Because all faith on bitcoin managing at scale seems to be pinned on projects like Lightning.
Lightning only becomes feasible at scale, and in order to scale people need to open channels, and opening channels cost fees.
If Bitcoin fees stay at their present 2 year low from now until Lightning hits scale then you have no problem. If for any reason people start using blockchain transactions more often before that point, then we can easily see $10+ transaction fees again.
Do you think the adoption rate of Lightning with $10 channel opening fees would be the same as with $0.10 channel opening fees?
There is a critical mass below which networks will fail to scale. Imagine if it cost just a one time $5 fee to open a paypal account, how well that network would have scaled. At one point PayPal were just giving people money to open PayPal accounts because they knew a payment network needs scale to be useful.
Lighting devs themselves say they think Bitcoin will require a blocksize increase for Lightning to scale, and given how long it takes the Bitcoin community to agree on any changes, a smaller more agile coin could easily end up replacing it.
@_date: 2018-03-02 16:28:05
Why would any other coin be less fungible?
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:12:24


I have no idea. As long as the US economy and government is sustainable I suppose.
Does US debt being unsustainable somehow make speculation on bitcoin sustainable?
If US debt quadrupled in a month (which the value of bitcoin has before), then I would have similar questions over the sustainability/volatility of that growth rate.
@_date: 2018-03-13 18:51:42
There's a lot of important points to cover here, in the interests of efficiency I'll focus on the ones I think cut to core principles of monetary theory, but if you feel like I've ignored something important let me know.


An opportunity cost in profit != an opportunity cost in wealth creation. Farm subsidies can make it more profitable for a farmer to do nothing than to grow crops, which obviously doesn't create wealth. we can't just look at profit margin alone.
There's only an opportunity cost in terms of wealth generation if you assume that generating wealth at a below average rate comes at the cost of generating wealth at a higher rate. There's a self contained logic to the idea, but it rests on a false premise that wealth generation/economics is a zero sum game, that if you're generating wealth at 4% you're somehow blocking from generating wealth at 5%, and that if holding money is more profitable than generating wealth then somehow holding money must be generating wealth somewhere and isn't rent-seeking.
The quickest (but least robust) refutation to this idea is that it leads to an obviously faulty conclusion: that its impossible for any individuals in an economy with a fixed/deflationary currency to increase overall wealth at anything less than an average rate. you can somehow only increase wealth at an average or above average rate, if you try to create wealth at anything less than an average ROI then you're actually decreasing the overall amount of wealth by diverting resources from more profitable avenues, and you would be better off selling your business to someone else.
This seems to require a premise that somehow all resources in an economy can be devoted to generating wealth at the average rate of wealth generating in the economy, which I'm not sure where that's meant to come from.
10% GDP (per capita) growth is not only made of businesses that have a 10% profit margin or higher. It's comprised by all actors in the economy that produce more wealth than they consume. Even the most marginal businesses that only have a .1% profit margin are still contributing to that 10%. Some of the least profitable industries generate the most wealth. They're low in profitability because they're very efficient and drive price down as close as possible to cost, not because they're poorly run. Making them unprofitable by adopting a deflationary currency wouldn't help anyone, it would just destroy huge amounts of wealth creation for the benefit of currency hoarders.
I have not yet seen a solid challenge to either of my core premises:
1. The only way money generates wealth is by facilitating wealth generating/optimizing trade, its impossible for money to generate wealth if it never changes hands. Money that never moves does as much good as money that is burned or never existed. Money is a token for wealth, not the wealth itself.
2. Deflation does not increase or decrease the total amount of wealth, it just changes the relative amount of wealth represented by currency. Therefore by definition any gains made from deflation is rent seeking.
For a more robust refutation, here's a challenge:
Marginally productive farmland in the world exists. It's of such poor quality and location that it can only make a few percent return on investment, and is useless for anything else.
In a world of 5% deflation, how is wealth being generated by selling off these farms to sit on cash? The argument that its about better allocating resources completely falls down here. What does the new owner of the farm do with it? It's not useful for anything else and it can't produce food at a more profitable rate than deflation, but apparently a farm going from producing food to producing nothing is a positive thing for the economy, because deflation means its more profitable to sell it than to run it.
Making wealth at less than the average rate is not somehow worse than making no wealth at all. People are active participants in wealth creation, and someone going from creating wealth on a daily basis, to sitting on a pile of money letting other peoples work increase the value of their money is not increasing wealth. They might increase their share of wealth but they have gone from adding to the total amount of wealth to producing no wealth and profiting off the wealth generation of others. This is classic rent-seeking.


To currency holders from holders of all other forms of wealth traded in that currency. Just as inflation transfers wealth in the opposite direction (although deflationists often confuse transfer of wealth via inflation with transfer of wealth by controllign the currency supply)


Didn't we already agree that total quantity is irrelevant if you have infinite divisibility? Whether you have 1 total bitcoins or 1 billion doesn't change anything, since they can each be divided into an infinite number of trade tokens. What matters is relative change in the number of tokens. Going from 1 bitcoin to 2 bitcoin has the same relative effect of going from 1 billion to 2 billion.
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:06:54
You said bitcoin is the only coin that will work with lightning, then when I brought up that Litecoin has been traded using lightning you said it doesn't count because Litecoin is basically bitcoin.
So bitcoin isn't the only coin that will work with Lightning. There are dozens of coins with a similar enough protocol to bitcoin to work on lightning.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:23:39


Bitcoins market share has gone from over 90% to 40%. Is it impossible for it to go from 40% to 0?


"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved"
"The most common store of value in modern times has been money, currency, or a commodity like a precious metal or financial capital. The point of any store of value is risk management due to a stable demand for the underlying asset. Money is one of the best stores of value because of its liquidity, that is, it can easily be exchanged for other goods and services"
Bitcoin is a terrible store of value, its a volatile speculative asset. It has lost over 50% of its value 3 times in the last 10 years, it has lost over 75% of its value once during that time.
there is no way anyone can have any confidence that it won't lose half its value immediately after buying it, it can't be used for any risk management. It's price is based almost entirely on speculation, not underlying demand, which is why the price swings so rapidly.
stores of value have stable demand, stable supply and so have a stable price.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:29:00


I trust it as much as the cryptography securing all ecommerce sites and credit card transactions I make.
Do you think that makes those things 100% secure? I for one am grateful credit card companies allow for chargebacks on people fraudulently using my funds.


It's feasible that quantum computing will break the cryptography in the next 20 years, its not feasible you are ever going to find someones buried gold even if you search 40 hours a week for the next 20 years. There are people who dedicate their lives to finding buried treasure looking only at sites with known treasure and barely find anything.
also you don't need quantum computing to break PoW if you have 51% of the hash power, which over 51% is already concentrated in China, which is a 1 party state.
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:08:12
Shit you're right, sorry I didn't realize until you pointed it out so eloquently. Better delete my account before anyone notices. I certainly couldn't withstand someone actually trying to debate any of the points I raised.
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:29:20
He told his Bankrupty Court that he has never held bitcoin.
Either he doesn't have any bitcoin and cleverly got some free PR by letting people run with a story saying he had some, or he's an idiot. He is not smart for lying about owning bitcoin in court if he actually has some. That just means he can never use them or risk going to jail.
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:09:22
If Tai Lopez thinks he's going to find the kind of people who can be duped into a get rich quick scheme with the promise of a Lambo, then he certainly misunderstimates the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:05:03
How do you think that's relevant to anything?
1 shitcoin is still worth 1 shitcoin. Will you give me anything for a shitcoin? No? Then what does it matter if its worth 1 of itself, if 1 is worth nothing? What matters is how much someone is willing to trade you for it.
The person isn't worried that 1 btc will stop being worth 1 btc. they're worried it will stop being worth as much in goods and services.
The number of people mindlessly repeating memes without any thought to what they're supposed to mean is insane.
@_date: 2018-02-26 14:54:02
Why bother saying its "highly possible" if what you really mean is "I don't know"?
just to encourage other people to buy?
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:25:05
Exponentially decreasing supply rate + exponentially increasing demand rate = STABLE PRICE
Anyone who tells you otherwise is a FUDing shitcoiner in the pay of Roger Ver and his satanic legions who want to see you crushed under the boot of fiat tyranny.
@_date: 2018-02-27 23:37:37
TOR doesn't stop the government from tracking and arresting people running illegal businesses.




This is how easy it is to disrupt LocalBitcoins when bitcoin isn't illegal and they're not actively trying to arrest its owners, and there's also a vast online exchange ecosystem that ensures liquidity and confidence for a small number of people to pay in person.
@_date: 2018-02-28 15:15:36


No, my default stance is unless you know the sampling of the study you can't just apply a formula for a perfectly random sample to the confidence of the results.


I can find directly contradictory professional polls on almost any issue, so this is a terrible and blind basis for belief.
You need a criteria by which you judge which polls are accurate and which aren't.
@_date: 2018-02-19 19:20:32


Is it just coincidental that transactions decreased dramatically from batching at exactly the same time as price started crashing?
Let's say that is the case, and major exchanges just started batching at the same time, and it happened to account for a huge amount of transactions, this doesn't help the case that there's greater adoption.
That means well over 50% of bitcoin traffic is from exchanges, which means people just buying and selling bitcoin for other currencies.
That's why metrics like how many of the biggest 500 retailers are using bitcoin matter because they tell you whether people are actually using bitcoin as a currency or just speculating and day trading.


That assumes everyone could just start bidding lower fees and everything would be the same.
The people who bid low fees are the ones who don't care if it happens to take an extra 30 minutes or an hour. There are a lot of transactions where you can't afford to wait that long. (ordering at subway for example)
Steam abandoning bitcoin showed the problem with this. People would agree to pay a price in Bitcoin, and then by the time the transaction had gone through, the price of bitcoin had changed so that it was no longer enough, which then required an additional transaction.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:40:37


With only 500k daily transactions the average cost per transaction was over $50. The value of bitcoin also halved a month later.
Do you honestly think payments would remain functional if everyone tried to use bitcoin instead of the dollar? There are hundreds of millions of transactions in dollars going on every day.
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:34:44
Hayek opposed deflation, for obvious reasons:




@_date: 2018-03-29 08:05:53


Or you could just have a form of security thats already secure without having to burn terawatts of energy to try and prevent anyone from being able to burn enough energy to compromise the system.
Modern finance is already secured with cryptography. It's never cryptography being broken that results in security breaches, its everything around it, as with the numerous massive hacks of bitcoin holders.
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:41:45
The whole premise of Lightning is to reduce the need for on chain transactions by handling them off chain. You cannot add more funds to the network without opening a channel, which means any funds you spend are funds you cannot spend again unless you get them back.
The more unbalanced the trade is the more frequent the need to reopen channels will be, the less advantage Lightning has over just trading on chain.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:37:01
What's the proposed use case here?
If I want to buy 2 bitcoin shirts, but not both at the same time? 
Or I want to buy 1 bitcoin shirt, and also something else on the lightning network?
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:28:41
yes, goods and services are something you trade for currency.
You trade currency when someone has something you want more than the currency you hold.
If you have 1 bitcoin, $8,000, and want to buy a car worth 1 BTC/$8,000, if you buy the car with the bitcoin, and then immediately buy a bitcoin with the $8,000, you didn't want to give up your bitcoin for a car, you wanted to give up $8,000 for the car. Otherwise you would have kept the $8,000 and just spent the bitcoin.
The only reason that would make sense is if the person you were buying the car from only accepted BTC but not dollars, even then it would still be an intermediary. But of course there is no one in the US who doesn't accept dollars, so the only reason to do it is to try and lie to yourself about what you're in bitcoin for.
Again this is obvious if you just imagine rebuying your bitcoin off the same person you gave it to, buying it off a 3rd party is literally the smallest amount of work required for self deception.
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:47:33
great point, I have no comeback to that so I'm just going to delete my account now.
@_date: 2018-02-04 15:03:00
Bitcoins idea to secure the network is just to make it increasingly expensive to run so that it will cost too much for any individual to take over 51% of the network.
This is obviously not an efficient or sustainable model. Any future increases in computer efficiency will do nothing to make bitcoin more efficient because bitcoin has to increase the mining difficulty to stop any one person getting too much mining power.
Ideas of "offchain scaling" are basically "lets try to use bitcoin as little as possible", they don't fix the underlying problem. If you can do all your trading off chain, the question arises why you need bitcoin "it's a settlement layer", well you could use dozens of other things to settle, there's nothing unique about bitcoin.
 It also relies on a fairly soft form of security which is hoping that 51% of the existing miners don't ever have an incentive to join together to break the network, which given the economies of scale from pooling resources isn't a sure thing.
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:51:46


Greshams law says exactly that. 
Gold was abandoned in favor of base metal coins like iron, nickel and copper. No country on earth uses gold as currency anymore. 
Gold is much more valuable as metal and jewelry than as a coin. Bitcoin has no "metal" or "jewelry" value. It's valuable only if you can persuade someone to give you something of value for it, otherwise its a hard to guess number, of which there is an infinite supply of.
The point of currency is to be a medium of exchange. Any currency that is too inflationary or too deflationary will be abandoned, although due to the asymmetrical dynamics of exchange, a slightly deflationary currency will be abandoned long before a significantly inflationary one, since you can still use a currency people are spending too much but you can't use a currency everyone is hoarding.
Gold is a commodity, that's why its still valuable even though its abandoned as currency.


So bitcoin is like buying shares in a company that doesn't exist and never pays dividends, and the only way to make money is if someone pays you more for your shares than you paid? I think there's a term for that.
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:14:31
Yes, Devs have explicitly said they don't want people using the Mainnet and that it is going to cause problems (backwards compatibility issues, general distraction, bad publicity if something goes wrong) for them if people continue to do so.
@_date: 2018-03-04 17:40:22


This is converting BTC to fiat, you're just getting a 3rd party to do it for you. Except usually they charge higher percentage of fees than you would pay if you just sold on an exchange.
@_date: 2018-03-13 23:03:45


Deflation is not some stern frugal father figure putting the house in order, its an amoral economic force that increases the value of money at the expense of people who are holding wealth in other forms. Your money can only buy more if someone else now gets less money in return for the same amount of stuff.
Deflation doesn't care whether your business is growing food for people to eat or making fidget spinners. If the rate of deflation is higher than your profit margin, then you have an incentive to sell your business and just make a higher profit from sitting on cash than sitting on a business that is depreciating thanks to deflation.
It so happens that consumerism is highly profitable (because its selling high margin goods to people with expendable income), and some of the most vital industries (like agriculture) have very low margins because they're aggressively competitive and prices have been pushed as close to cost as possible.
This explains what we saw during the Great Depression, which is 1 in 3 farms going out of business (because deflation drove the price of food below the cost of production, and debt deflation also bankrupted a lot of farmers), yet vice businesses like speakeasies and casinos were doing booming business because they were highly profitable and so even at 10% deflation it was more profitable to run a speakeasy than to just sit on your money.
@_date: 2018-02-21 15:06:48
There's a more fundamental problem than this, which is how trade flows work.
Imagine spending a bitcoin, and then instead of buying a replacement on an exchange, you buy your replacement back off the person you just gave it to. Pointless right? you could have just given the person fiat directly and saved money on fees.
Now imagine that instead of directly buying your bitcoin off the person, he gives it to a friend to sell, and you buy it off this friend. The net result is still you ending up with the same amount of bitcoin and less fiat, and the merchant ends up with fiat. Still pointless.
Now imagine we call that friend Coinbase, and they take 3% off each end, as well as paying fees on the blockchain. 
This is just a make-work scheme by speculators to try and make it seem like bitcoin is something you can simultaneously hoard and spend. It only works if you have another currency like fiat to actually use as a currency. The net result is continuing to use fiat as currency and bitcoin as a speculative asset, except wasting a bunch of money on middlemen to facilitate the pretense.
This will not create any real demand for bitcoin as a currency. The whole premise is faulty. It's trying to eat a cake and have it at the same time.
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:55:48
The value of money is set not just by the quantity but by the quantity x velocity relative to the amount of goods being traded. Bitcoin has incredibly low velocity because of the incentive to hoard. A significant percentage of bitcoins haven't moved for years. Even the ones that do move move much more infrequently than normal currency.
A sudden increase in velocity (i.e. millions of people who had bought bitcoin years ago and barely moved it spending on a daily basis for goods and services) would significantly reduce its value because there would be a significant increase in supply of currency relative to demand.
For people who think bitcoin will always be a "store of value", this isn't a problem, because stores of value necessarily have low velocity. If you want to be able to use bitcoin as a day to day currency then it means if that ever happens there will be a significant drop in value so you should be wary of speculating 
@_date: 2018-02-18 16:00:35


What value does Bitcoin denote?
Fixed or decentralized supply has nothing to do with whether its backed by anything. Bitcoin has no more backing than Fiat, in fact less, since the government will accept fiat in payment for taxes but not bitcoin.


You can use GoldMoney as a currency right now. A few people do. Ask yourself why you don't if you're so eager to get away from fiat.


Better at what? Avoiding 2% inflation? Okay we all switch to programmable money and government raises taxes 2% to compensate. Now what is it useful for?
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:48:44


Why wouldn't all the people who only bought bitcoin as an investment at that point then sell all their bitcoin to invest that money in a new appreciating asset?
People who have large amounts of money invested in something aren't just going to sit on it when it stops producing returns. 
The ratio of market cap compared to overall transaction volume is extremely high which means a lot of people aren't using it as a functional currency but as an investment opportunity, much like gold.


Do you think there's no possibility of people abandoning bitcoin in favor of another crypto currency?
@_date: 2018-02-08 16:41:03
You're right, I was confusing M-Pesa with use of phone credit as currency.
Either way the point still stands, that new payment methods can rapidly get adopted. They don't require decades of speculation and instability before adoption. To my knowledge no widely used currency has ever seen such an adoption pattern.
@_date: 2018-02-09 14:33:23


Currency doesn't have any value except for its "real world" value. 


That's exactly how currency works. It so happens fiat is so stable that you rarely see rapid changes in price. 2% annual inflation is barely noticeable, especially when improvements in manufacture tends to bring prices down.
Why do you think you could buy a bottle of coke for 5 cents in 1930?
"1 USD = 1USD", should be the same price right?
@_date: 2018-02-11 18:26:57
What actually helps adoption of bitcoin is using it as a currency. People don't immediately buy back currency once they spend it, that's treating it like an asset, not a currency.


If you think trading bitcoin and then immediately buying it back with fiat is good for adoption, why don't we just trade bitcoin and fiat back and forth millions of times?
Once you understand why you don't immediately try and get back your dollars when you buy something, you should be able to realize why you're not actually using bitcoin as a currency if you immediately buy it back, you're just using it as an intermediary for fiat.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:38:28
Why do people who've dedicated their careers to understanding and attempting to improve the global economy at the highest levels care about what they think is a huge multi-billion dollar bubble?
Roger Ver probably paid them off to shill his shitcoin.


do you not think money laundering has global significance? do you know how big the black economy is?
@_date: 2018-03-26 20:18:09
So there was no growth in genuine traffic since the last time it was at 135k?
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:05:20
They all laughed at a Juicero guy, now look what he has accomplished!
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE IF YOU BELIEVE HARD ENOUGH
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:34:41


It truly is a mystery how corrupt exchanges could possibly manipulate the price of the thing those exchanges are trading.
Must be the media.
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:59:07


Turns out to have dipped slightly since last I looked, only 47% comes from jewelry and only 7.5% from other industries, but still the majority of demand is not as a store of value.


How do I know if half the demand for something disappeared that the price would go down?


This is the wrong way round. The earliest example of gold jewerly predates the earliest known gold coin by several thousands years
Regardless there is no inherent link between golds value as coinage and golds value as jewelry. It happens gold makes good coins and good jewelry but it is not valuable as jewelry because it made good coins.
Precious gems have been used as jewelry for thousands of years and have never been currency to my knowledge because they lack the necessary physical/economic properties to make good currency.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:38:44


Why do you think this is a good thing for the usability of a currency?
During the Great Depression the value of the dollar increased by 30% because everyone was hoarding dollars and the Federal reserve couldn't print more because they were limited by the gold standard. According to deflationists this should have been a great thing for the economy. Except currency hoarding was so prolific people were [resorting to barter instead of currency]( which is a very inefficient means of trade.
Currency is for exchanging one thing of value for another. Currency increasing or decreasing in value just distorts the ability to trade value for value.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:28:42
How do they work?
@_date: 2018-03-02 14:46:11
I'm confused then, this last post sounds like we agree but it seemed like you were saying that Bitcoin was poised to "bank the unbanked" and live up to all the other promises it was meant to before it stopped being a P2P currency and started being a speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:22:05


you were specifically saying that people who got in early didn't have any more opportunity/advantage than people who got in late, how is the past not relevant to that?
this is exactly how pyramid schemes work. the people who get in earliest make the most money, the people who get in last end up holding the bag.


When it was $0.05 the worst you could lose is 5 cents per bitcoin, and you stood to gain 360,000x your initial investment. Now there's no way you can make 360,000x on your investment, and you stand to lose $8,000 per bitcoin, not 5 cents.
If you can't see how the risk/reward ratio hasn't radically shifted I don't know what to tell you.
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:16:00
I'd like to buy some bitcoins from last year, please send further instructions.
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:52:02


Motivation is irrelevant.
If he is nobly motivated and wrong he is still wrong.
If he is maliciously motivated and right, he is still right.
Attempts to dispute what he's saying by character argument rather than weight of the evidence presented only weakens the case in favor of Tether because its saying they can't dispute the content of what he's saying, so they attempt to discredit the source of the claims rather than the claims themselves.
Why someone makes a faulty argument is not the reason why the argument is faulty. Focusing on why someone makes a faulty argument rather than why the argument is faulty is at best diverting armchair psychology and at worst an active attempt to shut down discussion.
It's much more disturbing to me that some people are supposedly more concerned with some random bloggers mental health than with what looks to be at best financial incompetence and at worst large scale fraud.
@_date: 2018-03-07 16:07:34
Next they'll be saying you're not even allowed to insider trade on bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-03-11 15:00:42
I don't think you quite understand how PoW works.
It's relative to the distribution of resources to do work, not total amount.
Having more energy doesn't increase security unless its equally distributed. 1 person with a dyson sphere could have enough PoW power to break the entire network. You would either need to divide ownership of the dyson sphere amongst many competing people, or else have thousands of competing dyson spheres to reduce the chance that any single faction of dyson sphere owners got over 51% of the power.
That's the dumb resource wasting contest that PoW is.
Although the idea that we would waste an entire stars worth of energy just on "securing" a currency when we already have more than enough security in fiat is ridiculous. the amount of energy you can get from a dysonsphere would make everyone on earth the equivalent of modern day trillionaires if divided equally, there wouldn't be a need for currency, there wouldn't be any meaningful scarcity.
@_date: 2018-02-19 14:30:51
most people have the passwords/mnemonic phrase/private keys written down/backed up somewhere (since forgetting the password is a bad idea), which is why in most cases bitcoins have been seized the government has been able to get the keys as well.
having no backup/hardcopy doesn't eliminate risk it just changes one to another, from having someone steal it to forgetting it. Plenty of people have lost access to their own bitcoins.
Even if they can't get the keys they can still get the bitcoins, and if someone tries to move them at a later date they're not going to have to look very far to find out who did it.
Its hypothetical security is irrelevant compared to its real world security. Anything is technically unseizable if you hide it somewhere and don't tell anyone the location. The problem comes when you actually want to use it.
The fact bitcoin has to connect to the internet to be used makes it much less secure (which is why hundreds of thousands have been stolen in hacks so far, greater than any equivalent bank heist), because you can't download someones gold over the internet.
Traditional banking gets around this by having monopoly control over a private network, so if someone steals your bank details and moves money out of your account, and you can prove it, the bank has to refund you. There's no such mechanism in bitcoin. Someone steals your bitcoins you're fucked.
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:08:07
Don't get mad just because you forgot what a dictionary was for a moment.
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:26:06
None of that is actual evidence of deliberate spam, all its doing is pointing to various graphs and saying "these high volume transactions look suspicious so I'm going to call them spam".
Even some of those links admit as much:


@_date: 2018-02-21 14:53:40
This headline is a lie. They were talking about crypto in general, not bitcoin specifically.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:32:37


If they were treating it like a normal currency then this wouldn't be a problem.
When they sell games in euros, and the euro goes down vs the dollar they don't say "sorry, euros aren't worth as much as they were an hour ago, you'll have to give us more". They just accept the natural variation in the value of currency.
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:40:44
Yeah, thrifty immigrants saving up every dime to send to their struggling family back home are notoriously loyal to financial systems at their personal expense.
Why not try a serious answer to the question instead of a snarky one liner.
@_date: 2018-03-05 19:35:09
I said it became too deflationary to be used as currency, I didn't say it became deflationary.
It has been deflationary for thousands of years which is why Aristophanes writes over 2000 years ago that gold was mainly hoarded and rarely used as currency compared to more common metals like brass. However it wasn't too deflationary to see any use, it was still useful for when you wanted to transport a large value in coins without having to have a wagon full of coins.
What changed was :
A) an overall slow down in the growth rate of gold supply. We produce more gold than ever before, but we also have more gold than ever before, so the overall growth rate is lower. producing 1 ton of gold a year with only 100 tons of gold in the world is a 1% increase, producing 10 tons of gold a year when there are 100,000 tons of gold is only 0.1% increase. Currency supply needs to grow at roughly the same rate as the economy to avoid deflation. The faster the economy grows, and the slower gold grows the more deflationary it becomes. 1000 years ago economic growth was incredibly slow so gold mining had an easier time keeping pace, along with the fact that other metals like silver where much more commonly used in coins.
B) a transition from a wide spectrum of commodity currencies, to a bimetallic standard, and then to a gold-only standard concentrated demand on gold.
Taxes were payable in goods like tobacco, grains, sugar etc up until very recently. The transition from wide spectrum commodity currencies to state issued currency means there's now much more demand for state currency than before. 200 years ago there were people who lived their whole lives without touching a gold coin, even though gold was actually being used as a currency back then.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:41:27


The first link is blocked as malicious and the second link just asserts that metcalfes law is the reason for the increase in value even without any explanation for how, or why previous doublings of the userbase hasn't quadrupled the value before.
If every doubling of the userbase quadrupled the value of bitcoin then bitcoin would be worth considerably more than it is now. So it fails the actual test of even explaining what has already happened let alone predicting what has happened.
This is very lazy pseudo-economics that just assumes "network value" somehow maps 1 to 1 with monetary value just because they both have the word value in the term. It's just trying to correlate random pieces of data with the price without any underlying economic theory. It also relies on the assumption that something that can be bought and sold as a commodity acts exactly the same as a telecoms network without variation. There are hundreds of other factors at play other than the size of the network. A cell phone doesn't cost 4x what it used to just because the "network value" has doubled when the number of people using cell phones doubled.
How does metcalfes law have any bearing on demand for bitcoins? Are transactions quicker now? Are they cheaper? No. Due to bitcoins poor scaling and systems of incentive, greater network size reduces utility of the currency, especially when most people are buying just to hodl. However bitcoin is designed to decrease in supply which is what is responsible for the speculative bubble.


It means it will stop being a currency like gold stopped being a currency once people started accepting fiat currency. As soon as governments could start paying for things with paper instead of gold no country wanted to spend its gold reserves when they could just spend paper instead since gold reserves appreciate whereas paper depreciates.
@_date: 2017-10-16 14:39:42


the market cap of bitcoin is 91 billion dollars.
The S&amp;P 100 has a market cap of 13 trillion dollars. There are individual companies with a bigger market cap than 91 billion dollars.
The entire market cap of bitcoin could be wiped out and the US wouldn't even notice, especially since so much of bitcoin is held in China and Japan. 
The idea 91 billion dollars could bankrupt a multi-trillion dollar economy is ridiculous.
@_date: 2018-02-08 22:19:19
You're not using bitcoin as a currency if the end result of you using it is having the same amount of bitcoin and less USD, you're using USD as a currency and are just using BTC as an intermediary for no reason other than to fulfill the illusion you're using BTC as currency.
This is why everyone still values BTC in USD (or equivalent fiat), because its being treated as a speculative asset, not a currency. All that matters is how much USD you can get for it, because USD is what is being used as currency and BTC is just being used as a way to get USD.
If you want BTC to be adopted as a currency then you have to start using it like one.
When you spend regular currency you don't then immediately try to buy back that same amount of currency. Why would you spend it in the first place if you didn't want to lose it? The whole point of currency is so you can swap it for things you want.
@_date: 2018-02-08 19:19:26
Anyone who has access to M-Pesa also has access to bitcoin, so its not their only option. Bitcoins failure to be adopted in places where there is very little traditional banking infrastructure/stable currency should be a warning to people who think its going to "bank the unbanked".
What stops Bitcoin from being adopted are features speculators and miners want, not bugs.
There's only so long people can cling to "its a new technology, it takes time to be adopted" can fly before people need to start asking serious questions about the fundamentals, we're rapidly approaching a decade since launch.
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:44:18
If only there was some kind of organization that investigated people who suddenly spent huge amounts of wealth without paying any taxes on it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:54:48


Gold is naturally scarce, and its supply rate is decided by market mechanisms of how much gold can be extracted/recycled.
The amount of gold produced from ores per year has increased for the last 100 years with the exception of when the speculative bubble in gold burst and people started mining less because it wasn't as profitable anymore.
when the price of gold goes up, supply goes up, when the price goes down, supply goes down.
no one person just said "there's going to be X amount of gold produced this year".




In economics when we talk about supply of something we're talking about the available supply to humans. This supply can go up and down even if the amount of energy and matter in the universe stays fixed.
There are quadrillions of tons of gold in the galaxy, that has no effect on the price of gold because no one has access to it. If suddenly there were quadrillions of tons of gold on earth the price of gold would plummet.
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:34:05
It's funny people have such unwavering faith in Satoshi Nakamotos vision when he abandoned the project years ago, and built much of the project based on guesses that turned out to be badly wrong.
In what other field of tech did one of the very first versions of a type of software survive by dogmatically clinging to the original design plan of the first developer who then left the project unfinished?
Things like the 1mb block limit were instated simply as a short term band aid that were never meant to be permanent, but have now become enshrined as doctrines of the faith because Satoshi implemented it and his vision is perfect and infallible.
Now people are adamant that the 1mb block limit must stay and that the solution must work around that limit despite the fact the person who implemented that limit never intended it to be permanent.
In no other aspect of tech would people have such blind confidence in the success of such an outdated and infrequently updated software to stay relevant and not be replaced.
The only thing Satoshi managed to get right was that if you have an exponentially decreasing supply curve then you can initiate a deflationary spiral that will encourage speculation and hoarding that will increase price, which comes at the expense of actually being functional. He clearly had very little knowledge of economics since his white paper makes no reference to bitcoin being a "store of value" or speculative asset, he intended it to be a p2p currency which is mutually exclusive with something where the incentive is to hoard, not spend it.
@_date: 2018-03-06 18:34:34
Yup, the average Redditor definitely knows more about currency than someone who was the chief economist at the IMF
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:49:22


How long will those old CPUs and GPUs take to mine a bitcoin now?
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:29:46
What's immutable about its value? There are dozens of other cryptocurrencies based on exactly the same technology that could replace bitcoin if it disappeared tomorrow.
Bitcoin is not unique in any way, its value comes from being the most popular mainly because it was the first to market, and its incentive structure was designed to encourage early adoption. It was not designed to encourage people to stick with the currency once the rewards dwindle. Miners will be incentivized to move to other currencies rapidly rising in value that they will be granted a large share of like they were incentivized to come to bitcoin in the first place. 
Not to mention things like 51% attacks or quantum computing could completely own the system. 
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:20:21
So its not daily transactions, its not market cap, what measurement is it then?
I suppose there isn't a measurement, that way you can believe whatever you want.
@_date: 2018-03-27 20:23:20
No one uses gold as currency anymore.
How much energy does it cost to make $1,000,000?
@_date: 2018-02-05 23:59:14
When someone prints another dollar no one is "taking" anything, but there is a net transfer of wealth because it changes how much wealth each unit of currency can be used to get.
Deflation transfers wealth just in the opposite direction.
@_date: 2018-02-25 17:48:47
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:56:45
You need to exchange bitcoin for fiat if you want to use money. Sending a bitcoin to someone in a village in Mozambique is fucking useless, there's no one around them for hundreds of miles who would give them anything for it.
@_date: 2018-03-05 22:49:08


If that's true then why has the entire world abandoned using gold coins as currency?
If what deflationists say is true, that people don't want to accept a currency that depreciates, and will prefer to use one that appreciates, then gold should be more popular then ever.
Except its not, exactly what people predicted would happen has happened. It's now impossible to use gold as currency. The best you can do is barter with it, which is very inefficient, and requires getting someone with no experience of gold that its real gold.


This is yet further evidence of the phenomenon. Currency that increases in value too much will cease being used as currency and revert to being an asset.
Those valuable copper coins are being replaced by lower % copper and copper plate coins. Both private individuals (smelters) and the mint pull the valuable coins out of circulation. It's a basic market mechanism to avoid the waste of allocating excess resources in something that is only useful for trading value.
Wasting resources on simply moving things creates no value. We want currency to waste as little resources as possible which is why paper fiat currency has taken over from commodity currency almost everywhere on the planet. There's no global conspiracy stopping people using whatever commodity they want as currency, but they don't because its wasteful compared to fiat.
@_date: 2017-09-28 15:13:40
Can you answer the question? Sarcasm isn't a substitute for having thought through your ideas.
Please explain how buying bitcoins with dollars debases dollars anymore than buying steel or gold with dollars debases dollars.


I take it you don't use any government currencies then? considering what a condescending attitude you have towards its usage.
Also do you know you don't have to buy gold off the government or "their authorized dealers"?
Ignoring of course that I only asked how buying bitcoin debases dollars anymore than buying gold does, I never recommended anyone buy gold.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:55:59


If it wasn't true people wouldn't price things in fiat they'd price it in BTC. People wouldn't obsess about the price of BTC in fiat because it would be irrelevant what its worth in fiat because its more valuable than fiat.
If BTC ceased to be redeemable for any fiat, do you think people would still value it for anything? It's a means of acquiring and transferring fiat, no one cares about what its worth for anything else.


There's a key difference here which is that you trade your labor for USD and then spend some. The fact you also save some doesn't change that, you only save it so you can spend it later.
you aren't spending USD and then trying to buy it back with euros. 


You don't "replace" currency, you earn it, by selling goods or services.
You "replace" a speculative asset that you want to hoard but also need to justify it as being worth something other than speculation so use it for some token purchases that you end up paying for with fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:50:53
Things aren't valuable just because they're scarce.
Platinum is 3x rarer than gold but costs less per ounce because there's much more demand for gold jewelry than platinum. If people stopped giving a fuck about buying gold jewelry the price would collapse. 
Limited edition beanie babies are just as rare as they were years ago, even more so. the price still collapsed. nothing changed other than people realized that the fact it was rare didn't mean shit and it was just a speculative bubble. If you bought at the ATH you are never making that money back.
You could copy the exact code of Bitcoin and reduce the coin limit to 5, would it somehow be thousands of times more valuable than bitcoin? "no because its the network of bitcoin that is valuable", the network of what? A bunch of people burning terawatts of energy so people can hold passwords to a database no one uses?
As people abandon bitcoin as a currency and use it only as a "store of value", and rewards for miners dry up, where is the economic incentive for miners to spend terawatts of energy securing the network going to come from? Fees on a currency no one is spending? Unless they charge insanely high fees there isn't going to be enough volume to justify the expense.
Once you give up the pretense that bitcoin has utility as a currency, you're left with the idea that people are going to be willing to pay you thousands for some rare numbers. At that point you might as well be trading shares in a company that doesn't exist. If you want some rare numbers I can sell you a password to a database so long no one will ever be able to guess it before the end of the universe. Great store of value right?
@_date: 2018-02-18 14:22:31


This is ignoring that divisibility was never an issue during the Great Depression.
The dollar was much more valuable in 1900 than in 1930, yet there was no half cent coin in 1900. The half cent coin was abandoned in 1857, when the dollar was much more valuable.
The lowest denominated good, penny candy, was still being sold in 1930s. 30% deflation isn't enough to make divisibility an issue. People didn't stop using currency because they couldn't divide it, there was almost nothing in the economy priced at 1 cent. 
And again, even if it was an issue (which it wasn't), the Fed could have just started issuing half cent coins, just like when there's inflation they can issue larger notes. 


No, that's what the authors of the study did. The study says that if you exclude the Great Depression, then there is no correlation between deflation and depression. That means if you *include* the great depression then there is a correlation. I'm not the one saying "only focus on this period because it supports my argument to do that", I'm saying include all data.


Are you saying deflation correlates with growth? because that's not what the study said, they said there was no correlation.
If that study is right that means if you exclude the great depression there is no correlation between inflation and depression, and if you include the great depression then there's a correlation between inflation and growth.
This discussion missing any talk of scale. both deflation and inflation will cause economic crashes in high enough amounts. The question isn't whether they will but at what point they do. Everyone can agree hyper-deflation/inflation is bad.
Also in the 19th century many other currencies were still being used in the US. The Spanish Dollar was more popular than the US dollar for much of the early 19th century. You can't compare deflation of dollars when there where multiple competing currencies to the deflation of dollars when dollars were the only currency, which is why deflation wasn't an issue in the 19th century because people just used other currencies more (including commodity currencies) during periods of deflation. In the 1930s there was no other currency to turn to so people resorted to barter.
It was only in 1857 that the US government took the first major steps to establishing a currency monopoly, and it took decades for all other currency use to stop.
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:03:11


It's useful for speculators who want people to keep hold of bitcoins at all cost and think bitcoin is something you can't lose money on and can only gain money on. 
see also: "you only realize losses if you sell", which is a sunk cost fallacy as old as the stock market. And also: "if price goes up thats a good thing, bitcoin is getting more valuable, if price goes down, that's a good thing, bitcoin is on sale!"


Which is exactly why you should oppose this kind of wallstreetbets nonsense from infecting the community, although its a little late for that.
Bitcoin needs stability to be useful as a currency, and it won't get that while its being treated as a speculative asset. Unfortunately treating it as a speculative asset is a rational response to it having an exponentially decreasing supply curve, which will ultimately make it unusable as a currency.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:25:36


There was a large speculative bubble in gold. It burst. It nearly halved in value between 2010 and 2013. There's likely still a bubble although its not as bad as it was. And that's a precious metal that has scientific and industrial uses and is a finite physical material.
Do you think your bitcoins can't halve in value? Bitcoin does nothing that half a dozen other crypto currencies can't do. There's nothing to stop it from being completely abandoned as a currency and replaced by another crypto currency.
Gold will never be completely abandoned because it has certain irreplaceable properties as a fundamental element of the universe.
Very few people are actually using bitcoin as a currency. It's only worth $4,000 now because people think it will be even more in a few months. As soon as people think it will no longer grow in value then all those people who bought bitcoins is an investment (which is most people who have bitcoins) will sell them.


The gold bubble took much longer than 3 years to grow. If you think 3 years of growth means it can't be a bubble then you really shouldn't be gambling any money on bitcoin.


That's not how currency works.
There are hundreds of millions of people depositing hundreds of billions of dollars into their bank account every month, that does not magically make dollars quadruple in value in a year.
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:38:52


You know they rely on the internet to operate and could be shut down and imprisoned if they somehow tried to continue to operate without the internet?
@_date: 2018-02-21 15:46:09


How do you work out the price in bitcoin without converting to fiat?
There is no price in bitcoin. The price is in fiat and the amount of bitcoin you have to pay is however much it takes to meet the fiat price, which changes minute to minute. 
This is why Steam had to abandon bitcoin, too often the value of bitcoin to fiat changed from the start of the transaction to the end and they would require more bitcoin to finish the purchase.
Do you think they do this same thing in euros? The price in euros is based on the value of euros, not dollars, which is why the prices in euros and dollars are not equivalent. 


McDonalds don't constantly adjust the prices of their businesses in Europe so that the price in euros is always equivalent to the price in dollars. There are separate prices for euros and dollars. Euros aren't just a way of trading dollars.


Currency conversion for the purposes of actual use is one way. If I go to europe, and convert my dollars to euros, every time I spend euros I don't then buy them back with dollars. That would completely undermine the point of conversion. The process is trading one value for another, currency is just the medium. I don't buy back currency I spend for the same reason I wouldn't sell someone a car and then immediately buy it back.
"spend and replacers" don't want less bitcoin in exchange for goods and services, they want less fiat and to hoard bitcoin. fiat is what they really want to spend. But they also want the pretense that bitcoin is useful for something other than hoarding. So they think they have devised a clever way of spending it while keeping the same amount, to eat a cake and have a cake at the same time. 


Only if they keep the BTC to use as currency, which they don't. They immediately sell it as a commodity for fiat to use as currency.
If someone buys a car off you with gold, it doesn't make gold a currency. You can't price a car in a commodity like gold anymore than you can price it in bitcoin, you have to use a currency like fiat, and then trade the equivalent. There's a difference between trading a commodity for something and paying with a currency.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:00:49


For what use cases is this actually going to be cheaper than just amortizing multiple transactions directly with the merchant you're dealing with?
Lets say you want to do micro-transactions on Twitch where you might be regularly be tipping small amounts. Well the current use case would already be cheaper without LN. You just buy "tokens" and then spend them as you like on their network with no fee. LN would just add another unnecessary blockchain transaction + fees for each tip.
So you would need multiple businesses like Twitch you would want to make lots of small transactions with concurrently from the same channel, but then why would they have an incentive to adopt a system that doesn't lock people into their own token system? Unless they're all owned by the same company in which case they could just introduce trans-platform tokens and it would still be cheaper, quicker and more reliable.
Even massive retailers like Amazon and eBay, which makes up much more of an average persons commerce than LN is going to for the foreseeable future, does not really see much use of such amortization, because the costs are already so low as to be negligible to trade flows, and because people don't like to pre-commit funds even to a place they do 50% of their online shopping at, if the only potential benefit is knocking a few cents off each purchase.
You could buy a $1,000 Amazon gift card, and Amazon could theoretically give you a discount with retailers since it works on their own internal system, but they don't even do that, because they have no financial incentive to do so. And you could get much more done with $1,000 locked into Amazon than you could with $1,000 locked into a network that will make up a tiny percentage of comparative trade.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:26:25
How long do you think "several hundred percent yield year to date" is sustainable for?
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:53:29
I don't use cryptocurrencies because they're all either less useful, less stable or more expensive than the alternative, and I have no ideological loyalty to "decentralization", not because I'm some gawking rube who's scared that the new photomagraph is going to capture my soul.
As soon as a better alternative comes along I'll use it.


I hope you don't think people in developing countries are so "asleep" they don't know a good deal when they see one.
Adoption of alternative currencies in the developing world has been rapid. In Kenya close to half the country now use M-Pesa as currency, and M-Pesa was invented only a few  of years before bitcoin. When new technology fills a real need in the economy adoption is rapid.
Blaming Kenyans for not realizing how good Bitcoin is rather than blaming Bitcoin for not being better than M-Pesa is not wise.
@_date: 2018-02-17 17:22:53


42coin has a limit of 42 coins vs the number of people on the planet.
It's worth 7x bitcoin.
Less coins = better. 
I'm lauching 0.00000001coin soon. There will only ever be 0.00000001 coins for 7 billion people, think about how valuable its going to be!
@_date: 2018-02-01 13:42:26


Those all have other uses. Gold is highly in demand as jewelry, people like looking at art, people like driving classic cars. I do have a problem with people speculating on real estate because its literally the textbook definition of [rent seeking]( and produces no wealth, only profits the rent-seeker at the expense of the productive economy, and is only possible because of the way government enforce land ownership and restrict construction.
Currency is not a recreational asset, its meant to be a functional one. "not everything has to generate wealth" doesn't apply to things that are only useful because they help generate wealth. If people were just buying bitcoin to show off how rich they are then the question of whether it produces wealth would be irrelevant, but its not, people are buying with the expectation that it will be useful and make money. In which case whether it generates wealth or just moves it around by allowing a speculative bubble is a vital question.


Free markets don't automatically result in rational markets. MLM and ponzi schemes are not the result of government interference. I support free markets because I believe in freedom, not because they lead to perfect utopia.
No matter how much energy is poured into Bitcoin mining the supply of bitcoin will never increase, neither will the rate at which it processes blocks (past a 2 week window).
There's a clear perverse incentive which is for miners to have an arms race devoting more and more resources into mining despite the fact it doesn't increase the rate of transactions processed or the quantity of bitcoin.
Difficulty adjustment is an extremely inefficient way of trying to secure currency. It's committing to make bitcoin increasingly inefficient because if you made it too efficient then it would break the security. Other currencies don't have this problem because they rely on other things for security (physical attributes, centralization, etc), not making it increasingly expensive to process. Their efficiency is not limited by security.
Just as many blocks would be processed if bitcoin miners just agreed not to spend any more resources on mining, but since individual miners have an incentive to break this agreement (because they will profit more if they put more energy in and everyone else doesn't, increasing their share whilst creating no more wealth (rent seeking)), there's a fucked up prisoners dilema esque game theory that ensures resources will be wasted. So miners are forced to use more and more resources just to maintain their current profit share even if they aren't making any more money.
Can you imagine if gold mines could produce just as much gold by using less energy, but had an incentive to waste resources even though it didn't profit them or anyone else? Would you call that a functional market in gold mining?
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:35:55
This is why we need bitcoin, so a tiny wealthy elite can't manipulate the price of currency for their own benefit
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:14:01
Here's your daily reminder that Lightning devs don't want people using Mainnet and say its just going to slow development down and distract them.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:03:38


How are you using a hypothetical that hasn't happened yet as proof I'm wrong? I could only be proved wrong after it happened.
Anyway as I said I don't think bitcoin will ever flatline, I was simply addressing the claims made by people who think the current level of growth is sustainable because we are in "market discovery" and at some point it will hit some equilibrium where it no longer increases in value and becomes a stable, usable currency.
I was simply describing how that can't possibly happen without a crash when the vast majority of bitcoin holders bought bitcoin because they thought it will increase in value. The incentive for those people to hold bitcoin will disappear completely if it ever stopped increasing in value.
@_date: 2018-02-14 13:14:38


You think that's some kind of qualification? Anyone with a few dollars in their pocket and dreams of driving a lambo in the hollywood hills can buy some.
I've actually worked for big companies, which gives me more insight on how they operate than simply buying up the latest speculators dream.
@_date: 2018-02-03 17:09:00
LN devs don't want anyone using it at the moment because the say its a distraction and is just going to make backwards compatibility harder.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:40:16
I too don't understand how currency works.
Every currency is always worth 1 of itself.
It's a medium of exchange, its how much of things you can exchange it for that actually matters.
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:39:14


I didn't say sell, I said spend.
If 90%+ are just hoarding bitcoins and not spending them on a regular basis, then the price does not reflect what bitcoin would be worth if used as an everyday currency, it reflects what its worth if hoarded as a speculative asset.
If suddenly millions of people start trying to buy things with bitcoin that weren't trying to buy anything before then what someone is willing to give you for a bitcoin will dramatically decrease.
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:47:07
The cost is already factored into the price, that's why you don't get 1.5% discount by paying cash in places that accept Visa.
@_date: 2018-02-06 13:38:38
Tapping into that big market of HODLers who are just itching for opportunities to offload their coins in exchange for goods and services.
@_date: 2018-03-20 22:44:55


You can't use LN with any retailers, you can only use it with ones that are accepting Lightning. Lightning isn't magic, its just a payment network, the only difference is its decentralized. If no one accepts it its still useless.
If you have money in paypal and then ebay decide to suspend paypal then you're stuck with whatever other platforms still accept paypal, and will have to eat fees to withdraw your money from paypal. that doesn't stop people from using paypal. People are already doing most of their trade through a handful of huge centralized platforms, they have no issue with centralization.
eBay are already trying to get rid of Paypal, the only reason they kept them for so long is because eBays own payment solution, Billpoint, wasn't up to the job and paypal already had massive network effects.


You could buy tokens with bitcoin or fiat. Once you have the tokens then you pay nothing, they exist on a secondary network, just like with LN bitcoins are represented by tokens on a secondary network even though they aren't actually moving anywhere until a channel is closed.
There is nothing revolutionary about the idea of amortizing costs of a large number of small transactions by making one large up front transaction and then subdividing that transaction into smaller transactions using a less costly method.
A token system that worked on both Amazon and eBay would have a network of buyers and sellers 100,000x greater than LN has. Shouldn't Amazon and eBay be rushing to accept bitcoin for Emayzon tokens to take advantage of the huge efficiencies of amortizing costs over many transactions?
No one is interested in committing $100 up front to shave 10 cents off transaction costs that are already being eaten and would be eaten regardless of whether buyers are sellers are charged. The technology to do this has already existed for years. 
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:32:26


Did the network lose half of its security, decentralization and public ledger in the last 2 months?
The value is based on speculation, money laundering and black market trading. speculation makes up the vast majority, as seen by the recent crash.


There are states that still accept gold and silver as tax payments. Guess how well gold and silver are doing as currency.


Well if the Venezuelan government thinks its a good currency I'm sold, they clearly know how how to have a stable currency.
@_date: 2018-02-18 16:03:15
How are you measuring "continued growth" if not by price? It's certainly not by number of top 500 retailers accepting it, which has gone down, not up.


All they need to do is pay a higher price for it. Overall sales can go down (which they have) so long as people are willing to pay a higher price.
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:36:07
So the innovative new business is basically Western Union?
Why are Western Union still in business then?
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:32:44


People laughed at the Juicero guy which is why I sold my aunts dialysis machine to buy shares. Once they pay off I'll buy her as many kidneys as she wants
@_date: 2018-02-08 16:12:09
Why not buy it from Person 2? The end result for you is the same, you have the same amount of bitcoin as you started and have lost $8,000 in return for a car.
@_date: 2018-03-05 23:37:16


If you went into a store now and tried to buy something with a gold coin, do you think you could find anywhere to accept it as currency? Even if you told them how good of a store of value it is and how much the dollar has depreciated?
The fact its valuable and profitable to hoard doesn't make it an accepted currency. There are no longer enough people trying to spend it for it to work as a currency.  It only works as an asset. 
The only way you could use it for trade is to barter it, and likely for a lot lower than its real value to make up for the inconvenience of someone having to verify and then sell it. At which point its easier to just sell it for currency and use that, which is what generally happens when currencies convert to assets.
One of the primary characteristics of a currency is that you can use it to set prices. How do you set the price of something in gold? You used to be able to, you no longer can because its gone from a currency to an asset. Gold has gone from a currency you price assets in to an asset you price with currency.


It's a dynamic system, there is no set level. What level of hyper-inflation will cause a currency to be abandoned? It depends what else is happening in the economy, it depends what substitutes are available.
People were still using Marks in Weimar Germany despite far higher levels of inflation than in Zimbabwe where they abandoned the Zimbabwe dollar much earlier, because in Zimbabwe there were better substitutes more readily available because of more open international trade. USD was not the readily available reserve currency it now is. 
Lots of other factors will come into play like how suitable barter is in the economy. In 1930s America when the dollar started to be abandoned in favor of barter, many people were still working in agriculture and its easy to barter food for things because everyone needs food. If you're an insurance salesman or a computer programmer its much harder to barter your services.
@_date: 2018-03-23 20:25:14


That's a speculative investment, not a store of value. 
stores of value can be used to predictably store and retrieve value because of stable supply and demand. 
Everyone who bought in at $19,800 believed everything you're saying now about how likely it is for Bitcoin to only go up in value in the long term. None of that will help them if they need to retrieve that value between now and whenever it hits $19,800 again.
"well don't put in more than you can afford to lose". that's how people talk about gambling, not storing value. A store of value is supposed to be more reliable than whatever form of value you're converting to. If its safer to keep money out of a store of value than to put it in, then its not a store of value.
The first time bitcoin hit $1,100 it took nearly 3 years for it to hit the same price again. It could be even longer before it ever hits $19,800 again. $19,800 was completely unrelated to any underlying use of bitcoin, bitcoin wasn't 20x more useful than it was a year before when it was $1,000, in fact its less useful now than it was in 2016 if you go by how many of the top 500 US retailers accept it (as well as payment processors like Stripe abandoning it).
It was based on speculative frenzy and speculation is an inherently unstable form of demand because speculators will chase wherever the gains are and flee whenever it looks like gains are drying up.


"store of value" is not mentioned once in the Satoshi white paper. It's expressed purpose was to be P2P electronic cash, but since it does a bad job at that (because its more profitable to speculate on than to use for trade) but a good job of making speculators rich, people have decided that it wasn't meant to be a currency but a "store of value", even though what they really mean when they say "store of value" is "I think I can become a millionaire off investing a few thousand dollars with no risk because of hard coded artificial scarcity, even if the price fluctuates wildly between now and when I get my first lambo".
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:13:00


Almost all investments (except for hoarding supply inelastic resources like land) are producing value.
There might not seem to be a direct link once a company has already sold shares (and you are now buying shares off someone else), but that contributes to the overall value of the company, which it can then use to raise more funding by issuing more shares.
There's no fundamental difference between buying a company and buying a percentage of a company. If you buy a company and run it into the ground you won't make any money. If you buy shares in a badly managed company you wont make any money. having multiple owners of a company just spreads the responsibility for running it between people. Its still up to the owners to ensure its run profitably. It might seem like a minor-shareholder is just profiting off the work of others, but they're still contributing to the management of the company even just by the simple act of whether to buy or sell. Buying shares signals to the company that that they're making valuable choices, if shares are being sold off it shows shareholders lack confidence and the value of the company goes down.
Even just buying up resources helps produce value so long as there is some elasticity in supply.


I don't mean to imply there is a specific percentage that would apply to all currencies in all economies, but that the utility of a currency is an emergent property (i.e. a currency only used by 1 person is useless, a currency used by only 2 people is slightly more useful but still not very since you could just directly barter), as such the likelihood of a currency being successful when its supply curve could stop it from being adopted even by a small country is very low. The supply curve of bitcoin means it can only hit equilibrium if it slowly diminishes in use over time, which is not a good attribute for a currency you want to have greater adoption over time, and that is not the main currency anywhere but a few black markets.
That's why we're seeing merchant adoption go down, because its transitioning from what was a small time currency used mainly in black markets to just a speculative investment. there isn't any underlying use case to justify that level of speculation, its just based on irrational exuberance that assumes if bitcoin is going up in value a lot, it must be really valuable in the future, else why would people pay so much for it? but that's a self-limiting bubble. If gains are only being made because of a string of people being willing to pay more and more, eventually you get to a point where there aren't any more people willing to pay more and then the price will crash when the people who last bought realize they can't make any more and will only lose money from here on out.
@_date: 2018-03-06 23:06:35
Currently they're most useful for exploiting legal loopholes where transferring wealth in crypto isn't regulated like transferring it in fiat is. 
This is why we generally only see strong use in places it would be illegal to use fiat in the same way.
It's function as a speculative asset simply comes from pre-planned supply shortage. To keep a constant value supply needs to match demand, yet most cryptos are designed to regularly go down in supply even when demand is growing. This works well for convincing people to start mining them but poorly for convincing people to spend as a currency.
If someone comes up with a good mechanism for matching supply to demand without being easily manipulated then they could have remarkably consistent value, but it would need a very clever algorithm, possible even a superhuman AI to do so, because the code is open source and so easy to find exploits in it.
Current supply schedules avoid this problem altogether by just in-building price manipulation into the adoption strategy. If you buy lots of a crypto, demand goes up, supply can't, so price goes up, which pulls in more speculators who want to profit, which leads to the volatile speculative cycles of pumping and dumping.
Proof of work is a fundamentally inefficient way of securing a network though. If people only want crypto because they want 0% inflation, then the first 0% inflation fiat would kill it dead because there's no way you can transfer fees as cheaply with proof of work as without it. In terms of speed as well there's no way it can meet the speed of a centralized network.
@_date: 2017-09-27 17:57:14


Why would there be a slow decline in speculation?
Bitcoin has quadrupled from $1,000, but has transaction volume quadrupled? has the number of merchants accepting bitcoin quadrupled?
The growth of speculation far exceeds the growth of the currency use.
At the rate the speculation is growing, compared to the rate the actual currency use is growing, speculation will have hit unsustainable levels long before the value of the currency could rise to replace it.
There would have to be a huge increase in the use of the currency at the exact same time it ceased being an attractive investment to avoid a large crash in value.
The very things that make bitcoin an attractive proposition for speculating discourages its use as currency.
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:49:30
"it can't ever go low again because a rich person could buy all of them at that price" is not good reasoning.
There are only 42 42coins in existence. Do you think that means it can never go below $50,000 a coin because bill gate could afford to buy that amount with less than 1% of his wealth?
@_date: 2019-01-05 20:16:14


Care to provide an example of a real world example?
Any deflation can make it profitable to sit on money instead of using it to produce goods and services people want and need.
If you are increasing your share of wealth without doing anything to increase the total amount of wealth your share can only be increasing by the amount others are decreasing by. This is parasitic behavior, and an immoral way to make money.
Deflation can have different causes in effects but this aspect of deflation is never a positive thing.
@_date: 2017-09-29 12:54:18


How do they intend to make money? I assume they're merely hiding the cost of transaction in some other kind of fee or are only offering free transactions to entice customers before implementing them.
Bitcoin debit cards would still face the same problems with deflation and volatility. 
When cards based on dollars are already far more available, why would you want to keep hold of dollars and spend bit coins when you could do the opposite? Debt is also an issue. Lots of retailers and consumers rely on debt. Debt in dollars reduces over time, whereas the volatility and deflation of bitcoin means debt could double or quadruple in the space of a year. 
This is why deflationary currency is a bad idea for trying to get it adopted as a currency and not just a speculative asset. Already you have an uphill battle scaling the network effects so people and retailers have reason to go to the hassle of using an additional payment methods, but the economic incentives have been set to discourage actually spending the currency.
Even 10% deflation seriously staggers economies, and that's when there's only one accepted currency. When you have 100%+ deflation in a year and alternative inflationary currencies there's very little incentive to buy anything with bitcoin if you can buy it in dollars instead.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:35:47
If bitcoin is really the currency of the future why is everyone here talking about it like its a get rich quick scheme, people claiming that in the near future $4,000 of bitcoins will be worth $100,000
There's no explanation of where such a fantastic increase in value is meant to come from. A bitcoin still does the same job now as it did when it was worth $100 right? Except worse now because of scaling issues (re: transaction fees, liquidity).
Almost none of that increase in price comes from its usefulness as a currency. It's mostly due to there being a limited supply of bitcoins and lots of speculation, neither of which improve the utility of the currency.
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:06:48
How is bitcoin any different than other deflationary speculative assets like gold?
People buying up assets that appreciate in value isn't debasing currency. The vast majority of bitcoins are not being used as currency they're merely being speculated on.
@_date: 2018-03-11 14:57:47
price crashes and surges don't effect the market equally though.
When price is soaring, lots of new speculators are drawn in attracted by the potential gains. when price crashes it shakes confidence in the value of the asset. You only need to look at search traffic for bitcoin to see that consumer interest has dropped significantly more than price has.
buyers being driven out of the market means the ratio of sellers to buyers increases, which puts down pressure on price.
If a whale sells 20,000 coins in 2 days, then the price is going to crash for sure. however if they then buy 1,000 coins a day for the next 20 days, its unlikely that the price will soar right back up, because investors are going to be more wary after a large crash than they would have been during the boom times.
@_date: 2018-03-06 20:04:02
I think you might have confused the IMF for the US government.
The IMF is a UN organization, which the US only has 16% voting power, Euro nations can outvote the US within the IMF. The director of the IMF has never been an American, they've always been European.
Why do you think the Eurozone would want America to start a war on Iraq and Libya for wanting to start trading oil in Euros?
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:01:44


A speculative asset doesn't though.
When bitcoin quadrupled from $1,000 to $4,000 its not because transaction volume quadrupled or number of merchants accepting it quadrupled.
@_date: 2018-02-19 18:46:49
There is a difference between rich people getting richer because wealth helps generate more wealth (i.e. its harder to go from 0 to 1,000,000 than 1,000,000 to 2,000,000), and rich people getting richer purely down to a monetary policy that rewards people based on how much currency they hold, and how long ago they got it.
A non-deflationary policy doesn't fix inequality, but it fixes a very particular and unnecessary form of inequality caused by bad monetary policy.
course the idea that hyper-deflationary currency will ever work without someone enforcing it is just a speculators fantasy, so there's nothing really to worry about.
@_date: 2018-02-14 22:55:02
How many daily blockchain transactions do you think it will take to have the whole world running on Lightning?
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:10:17
I honestly don't think blockchain technology represents enough of a technical edge to overcome the barrier to entry to beat fiat as a mainstream currency. 
There will most likely continue to be niche applications (like black markets, possibly remittances although crypto seems slow to grow in that area), but fiat is already pretty close to instant and costless that its not really worth the cost of even the effort for the average person/business to think about switching.
you're probably right that we'll see increasing cross-compatibility as speculative mania settles down and real use cases become more established.
The only major value proposition is "non-inflationary" but inflation really isn't high enough to bother most people. Most people spend their entire paycheck and more within a month of getting it, and the effect 2-3% inflation has in that time is not noticeable compared to the costs of trying to switch to crypto.
Inflation is actually good if you have debt and almost everyone in western society has some level of debt so aren't in a rush to abandon a currency that's good if you have debt. If you want to save fiat over a longer time period just invest it in something.
One of the few things Satoshi got right was recognizing that network effects presented a barrier to entry. No one wanted to accept a currency that's not already widely accepted. so in order to incentivize it he made a supply curve that would heavily reward early adopters, but that's also the same supply curve that heavily rewards hoarding and leads to speculative bubbles.
That trap of incentivizing early adopting is going to be way too tempting compared to a much slower growth strategy based on stable supply and demand, so I think we're looking at many years of instability before we get something close to a stable widely used crypto.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:32:18
I bought 2,000 56k modems back in 1990 and now I own 200TBs of internet.
This is how disruptive innovations happen people. HODL THOSE INNOVATIONS
@_date: 2018-03-14 12:57:10


I wonder why bitcoins price went under 9000 when  this news came out then
@_date: 2018-02-28 19:47:32


No matter how competent you think the pollsters are, its impossible for them to have a perfectly random sample. Their competence is completely irrelevant to whether you can just assume perfect sampling (which doesn't exist). 
Do you think only incompetent researchers use less than a perfect (impossible) sample, and that competent researchers have perfectly random samples for all their research? 


I'm not assuming anything about their competence. Whether they are 100% competent or incompetent would not change the fact you need to know what their sampling was in order to project the results onto a wider population.  The pollsters are not the ones saying "this sample is perfectly representative of the public"
All the pollsters said is 11% of 525 people would consider buying bitcoins vs 10.3%.
I'm willing to bet you haven't even looked at the original source for the data. In fact I'm almost certain you haven't because I can't find an original source online, for all you know its fake news like the "50 cent has millions in bitcoin" stories that went around recently.
As far as I can see Ipsos have never conducted a survey on cryptocurrency, the only reference of them ever having done so is on 3rd party crypto blogs all copy and pasting the same text.
@_date: 2018-02-25 17:46:33


If you honestly think you could make 100-200% return on investment in less than a year you wouldn't care about a "short term continuation of this dip"
@_date: 2018-02-17 21:58:56
I'm glad you brought up the Austrian school of economics. You're familiar with Hayek, one of the founders of the business cycle theory?




I'd be interested to hear your perspective on why Hayek was right about Business cycles but wrong about deflation being undesirable.


Turn to page 10 of that empirical study and you will see a strong correlation between deflation and depression during the great depression. That study only shows no correlation *excluding* the Great Depression, which is cherry picking to hell because most nations have not had a significant period of deflation since the Great Depression. 
So yes, if you ignore the biggest and most destructive period of deflation in the last 100 years, then there's not much correlation between deflation and depression because there have hardly been any other periods of deflation and none anywhere near as severe as the Great Depression. 
The way they are grouping their data is also dishonest. According to their data the US had an average of 5% deflation during 1929-1934. This is true. What they don't mention is that deflation ended in 1933, and 1934 was a year of both inflation and growth, which obviously helps cancel out the years of deflation and depression, diminishing the correlation between deflation and depression.
[Here's what the actual data of that time period looks like not averaged out over 5 years of both deflation and inflation. Let me know if you can detect a correlation.](
If they're willing to include years of inflation and growth as part of their data set on deflation and depression then they're clearly more interested in making a case than presenting the data honestly. I'm sure if you sift through their data you will be able to find many other examples of them including inflationary years in their deflationary data, which will obviously flatten out any correlation, especially once they've removed the biggest and most destructive period of deflation in history from the results.


I said they can't pay with money if they don't have any, not that they can't pay with money. Of course people would still accept dollars, everyone was hoarding dollars, that was the problem, that was why store owners put up signs saying they really need money but they will accept barter instead.
Do you think people resorting to barter is a positive sign for an economy? Do you think one of the attributes of currency should be that it is preferable to pay to [get your car fixed in food or wood than with a medium of exchange]( If barter is preferable to currency, why do you even want a currency in the first place?
@_date: 2018-02-18 17:21:25


That isn't what is happening if people are just buying bitcoin with fiat, holding it and then selling it on at a greater price in fiat, which as far as I can tell is what the vast majority of bitcoin hodlers are doing. Fiat is what is being used as a currency, bitcoin is just being speculated on as an asset with fiat.
that's a system that only works for as long as you can get someone to pay you more than you paid the last guy.
Indicators of bitcoin actually being used for trade are down, not up. In 2014 5 out of the top 500 US retailers accepted bitcoin, now its only 3.
If everyone holding bitcoin suddenly started spending it the price would drop significantly, because the circulating supply would increase dramatically. Hoarding causes significant deflationary pressure. the fantasy that everyone will just hoard bitcoin until everyone has them and then they'll start spending them will never come true because as soon as people switched from hoarding bitcoin to spending it the price would plummet
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:20:05
Most people are net beneficiaries of the tax system. They get more from taxes than they ever pay in. Tax fraud does not help these people.
Tax fraud only helps those who pay more in taxes than they take out.
@_date: 2018-02-14 23:19:01


I'm not sure what point you're trying to make, that because there's so much money in money-laundering that bitcoin will become worth more than gold? What's to stop people just moving on to other things like Monero?
There's nothing locking money launderers into bitcoin, and they've likely already expanded into bitcoin as much as they're able before governments start actually cracking down. Governments are always slow to react to new loopholes. Cowboy shit like buying a house in bitcoin is still going on unregulated, which it won't be for long.
Speculators are the ones pushing the price up. Money launderers aren't hodlers.
Investing in Bitcoin because its currently good at exploiting legal loopholes is like investing in Napster. There might always be someone exploiting a loophole but that doesn't mean the same loophole will always be there.


If you have infinite money that's a good plan.
Michael Burry nearly bankrupted his hedgefund shorting the housing bubble the CDOs, and only managed not to because his hedge fund had a large enough bankroll to keep eating losses as the bubble grew. They had over a billion dollars invested by the time the crash hit.
@_date: 2018-02-14 20:52:32


Or 1 company with 25,000 dust addresses trying to consolidate them before the market shits out or fees climb any higher?
Or 1 bot programmed to move bitcoin out of those addresses once it hits some kind of price threshold.


if its the same person/company/bot consolidating both sets of dust why wouldn't they do it at the same time? 
also I thought the "spam" narrative was that it was Roger Ver/Bcash trying to sabotage Bitcoin? Is he trying to sabotage himself aswell? Or someone counter-sabotaged at exactly the same time?


your evidence is just pointing at the graph and saying "its spam". That isn't any more evidence than the graph, its just making a claim based on the numbers and then having no evidence to back it up.
@_date: 2018-03-07 18:38:43


Lightning Labs have already added support for doing atomic swaps with Litecoin.
Both bitcoin and Lightning are open source, there is nothing stopping someone from setting up a lightning network for competing coins or multiple different coins. In fact the most popular networks would be the ones that supported multiple coin types. Why limit yourself to one coin?


It was a new payment technology. It only took 10 years to go from nothing to one of the most popular payment methods in the world. You seemed to be saying before that 10 years is not long enough for a new payment method to be adopted.


Can you hack your computer or phone and transfer gold out of your safe into their hands?
Unless you never use bitcoin then the fact its secure in your head is irrelevant. It's also "secure" if you just destroy the keys and have no mnemonic phrase to recover them, but then its also useless.


Do you think 1 in 17 tons of gold have been seized by the government in the last 10 years? Unless you do you're not using a meaningful version of "secure".
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:45:27


1. Can't instantly and for no fee trade it offline with easily dividable units (notes and coins). The best you could do is load a bunch of hardware wallets with different amounts and then get someone to trust you with no way of checking whether its legit.
2. Is accepted in less than 1% of top 500 US retailers (and if you discount fiat intermediary services like bitpay and coinbase, its 0%)
3. Keeps a perfect publicly accessible record of every transaction you've ever made which could be linked back to your identity if someone you traded with knows who you are and leaks data.
4. Fixed supply allows for rent-seeking and speculation which encourages hoarding (low liquidity and velocity) and speculative cycles of boom and bust. The liquidity and velocity in the market is very low, its possible for someone with $500m in coins to shift the market dramatically because so few of the total number of coins are being traded regularly.
5. 80% of coins have already been distributed to a very small percentage of the population meaning there is a tiny number of people who own such a large % of coins they can crash the market at will.
6. Can't handle more than 400k daily transactions without fees making any &lt;$100 trade uneconomical.
7. Price so volatile you can only denominate goods and services in fiat-equivalent, impossible to work out what something is worth in bitcoin without first working out what bitcoin is worth in fiat.
8. price volatility make it useless as a "store of value" since one of the primary characteristics of a store of value is being able to reliable extract the same amount of value you put in due to stable underlying demand. you also can't make loans since its extremely hard to predict how much it will be worth even 6 weeks from now, let alone 6 years. You could borrow $10,000 of bitcoin and end up having to repay $30,000 or $3,000, which makes it impossible to do any kind of medium-long term economic planning.


Bitcoin miners create bitcoins out of thin air as well, they just do it in a very energy intensive way on a fixed schedule which encourages speculation and volatility. They're still making a huge profit margin on creating money the only difference is anyone (with access to cheap renewable energy and a lot of ASICs) can create bitcoins.
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:15:59


I kind of mentioned this already in my post. It's a nice end game but Lightning has to get significant adoption before it gets close to the point where that's feasible.


Doesn't that effectively make exchanges the banks of the Lightning Network?
Not saying it wouldn't work but it would confirm a lot of peoples fears that LN will lead to lots of centralization.
@_date: 2018-02-08 21:09:01


Are you blaming Bitcoins lack of adoption on opposition from traditional systems?
Pretty bold claim when regulators have generally signaled willingness to accept cryptocurrency and major payment services like BitPay, and major exchanges like Coinbase have been integrated into the existing banking system.
The only ones blaming the establishment are shady players like Tether who think they can fool its users/shareholders by saying "it's not our fault we can't get an audit, banks are trying to kill bitcoin".
@_date: 2018-02-17 21:07:46
I appreciate the well thought out reply, not just the standard play by numbers response.


The underlying incentive to hoard the deflationary commodity still remains in a fractional reserve system, which builds up the underlying vulnerability as it did prior to the Great Depression.
People always prefer gold (or bitcoin) in hand to a paper promise, exacerbated since its usually easier to trade paper over gold (or bitcoin). 
this leads to a problem where the underlying reserve becomes harder and harder to get hold of, which either causes A) the bank to stop issuing new notes which triggers a deflationary spiral of the notes as well as the underlying reserve or B) the bank to increase the ratio of notes to reserve, which puts off the problem but makes the underlying vulnerability worse.
The only way the US managed to pull out of the Great Depression as quick as it did was to effectively seize all privately held gold so that they could print more dollars since the Fed at the time was committed to staying on the gold standard.


I would say the same shocks still happen albeit as a speculative asset rather than a currency, which admittedly makes the risk to the wider economy lower, although that depends how much large institutions start gambling on it. Sufficiently large speculative bubbles (such as Credit Default Swaps/subprime mortgages) can take down a much larger economy even if they aren't being used by most of the economy.


That's a pretty terrible way of reaching equilibrium when you could just make sure the supply of money matches demand.
And of course, Bitcoin will at some point start reducing in supply since there's no replacement mechanism, so not only would it require no more wealth to ever be created (which means we have to stop all population growth to not get poorer per person), but we would have to gradually destroy wealth at the rate bitcoins were lost.
course it won't happen like that because people will just abandon deflationary currency and use alternatives like gold coins were abandoned in favor of zinc, nickel and copper, and copper is being abandoned in favor of copper plated zinc/steel.
@_date: 2018-02-06 12:47:54


It's not the same thing. Gold supply reacts to the price of gold, which is what collapsed the most recent speculative bubble because eventually speculators pushed the price so high that it was now profitable to significantly increase the supply of gold, and supply exceeded demand from speculators. Without this mechanism gold speculation would have led to a much greater bubble.
Everything is fixed supply by the redundant standard that there is only so much X in the universe, because everything is made of matter and energy and there's a fixed amount of matter and energy in the universe as far as we know. 
When economists refer to supply being fixed or not they're referring to whether it can increase or decrease based on market signals. they don't just say "well the universe is finite so the supply of everything is fixed". There's a meaningful difference between an economic good that can increase and decrease in supply and one that can't.


the fact that gold price keeps going up despite supply rate also going up should tell you something about the sustainability of restricted supply for something you want to use as currency.
Gold is too deflationary to be used as coinage despite the fact that we produce far more gold a year now than when we did when we actually used it as currency, because demand has grown even faster than supply. If gold supply was exponentially decreasing it would have been abandoned much sooner.
As it happens the real supply of bitcoin is much lower than the nominal supply, since its estimated 4 million coins have been lost forever, and most of the rest are being hoarded. We may already have hit negative overall growth because so many people are hoarding coins we don't know exactly how many have been lost and how fast they're being lost. If we aren't already at that point we will hit that point in the next 10 years due to exponential decreases in supply, and that will kill the currency just like deflation killed gold coins.
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:56:54
the zero-sum transfer in the case of deflation/inflation not being the medium holder voluntarily trading value but the value being away/towards him by manipulating the ratio of tokens to wealth traded
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:30:52
a currency being replaced as a reserve currency isn't the same thing as it becoming worthless from hyper-inflation
when the USD took over from the GBP, it wasn't because the GBP was worthless, in fact the GBP was and still is worth more than the USD its just not as useful as a reserve currency because of how big the US economy is and how much its involved in world trade.
A currency being replaced is not the same thing as it becoming worthless via hyper-inflation.
The Euro replaced the Franc, the Deutschmark, and a bunch of other currencies, but those currencies weren't worthless. European nations had a long period of time where those currencies that were being replaced could be exchanged for an equal value of Euros.
No one lost all their money because they trusted the Deutschmark to keep its value, it kept its value and then its value was converted into Euros.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:57:47
You bought it to profit off speculation.
If you bought it to actually use as currency you wouldn't be ranting about HODLing constantly.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:38:33
If the value of bitcoin never changes, that must mean its always been the same.
So when that guy bought two pizzas for 10,000 BTC, it must be as valuable as it was then right?
I have two pizzas to sell you, and I'll sell them for the bargain price of .5 BTC, how can you pass that up? 99% off two pizzas!
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:46:08
If you believe the Lightning devs know what they're doing I'm not sure why you would want to do things they say are only hampering development.
And if you don't believe they know what they're doing, why are you so excited about using Lightning?
Not only is it making it harder to do backwards compatibility, but a large security failing on the mainnet will heavily discourage people from adopting and growing the network in future out of fear there'll be another security failure.
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:31:04


What percentage of people do you think are using bitcoin as an actual currency versus investing as a speculative asset?
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:19:54
I mean there are various non-scientific ways of doing it. You could go by average withdrawal fee, average withdrawal quantity, average size cash transaction and then what percentage of ATMs have fees but you'd get a very rough number.
Or you could estimate the amount of cash withdrawn from ATMs and then the total profit made on ATM fees, but again that doesn't tell you much about the ratio unless you know the distribution of withdrawal amounts.
And then you're still nowhere near the real number because people don't only get money from ATMs, plenty of cash just goes back and forth hand to hand, people getting paid in cash, people withdrawing directly from banks etc 
The real number is impossible to find because there's no public data on the vast majority of cash transactions.
@_date: 2018-02-02 13:38:16
If something has recovered in price before it means it always will.
This is investing 101 and a lot of fuding shitcoiners don't know the basics. What goes down MUST go up. That's the 2nd law of thermodynamics. It's indisputable science.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:22:58


I mean, it took 3 years for bitcoin to hit $1000 again after it hit it for the first time.
It could take even longer before it hits $20k again, or maybe it will hit it next month.
Either way its a gamble, people need to stop treating it like it can only go up over the long term. People though exactly the same thing about the housing bubble, and at least everyone needs a house, but they were still wrong that it would just go up indefinitely. There are places where prices still haven't recovered from the crash 10 years ago.
@_date: 2018-02-27 21:22:28


It means you need to adjust your confidence interval based on how random the sampling is. And if you don't know how random the sampling was then you don't really know anything.
you can't just apply an idealized formula to data of unknown origin.
If you conducted a survey of how old people are, but only went to college campuses to do it you would be completely off what the average age of a nation is, you would think the average person is 20.
I would assume that the simple act of asking "would you like to answer a quick survey about cryptocurrency" has an immediate and huge sampling effect to select for people who already know or care about cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:01:03
Thanks for letting me know. I would have worried awfully if you had left without saying anything.
@_date: 2018-02-10 16:12:22
Are you trying to tell me that having a stable central bank adjust supply of currency based on the needs of the economy is more reliable than just hoping that the global gold production happens to stay in line with the demand for currency?
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:14:59


How do you think hoarding the vast majority of trade tokens is going to make other people give you lots of stuff for them for when hardly anyone in the world is using them for trade? Just because they're rare?
What do you think is going to stop people from using a less scarce currency that doesn't involve having to transfer huge amounts of wealth to a tiny percentage of the worlds population for the privilege of having access to a token that is based on open source code? Because of the value of the "network"?
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:37:30


So people were spamming to encourage lightning network? And they gave up after less than 4 bitcoin was put onto the network?
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:20:10
Handicap of the headstart is a real thing.
The bigger a company or project gets, the more inertia there is and the harder it becomes to quickly react to problems and innovate. You only need to look at legacy computer systems to see this in action. There are huge banks relying on extremely outdated, inefficient and unreliable computing to manage their business simply because they're so big and they have such a need for continuity and backwards compatibility that the cost of trying to upgrade the system outweighs the cost of keeping the shitty old system going.
A new bank not constrained by existing systems can build from the ground up using all the most recent technology, so while initially they might suffer a disadvantage from being so small, over the long term that disadvantage becomes less and less important. Then that company gets too big and the cycle repeats itself.
You do not need to look very hard in crypto to see this same dynamic playing out. Bitcoin is still struggling to get SegWit adoption past 30%, whereas other coins have had it built in from day one. There will be other, more radical innovations that Bitcoin will struggle even more to adopt, because it requires a more serious upheaval.
Even Lightning devs have specifically said they don't want people to use the mainnet yet because its distracting them and is going to cause problems with backwards compatibility.
@_date: 2018-03-15 21:58:55


Except those two things are A) naturally scarce and B) have irreplaceable physical uses. Gold is useful for electronics, jewelry, medicine, land grows food and is what we put houses on.
We can't just substitute gold with a more common atom like carbon, we can't just substitute land with oceans or outer space. We can't write some code and double the amount of land or gold in the world. If we could what do you think would happen to the price of those things?
Trade tokens on a digital ledger aren't naturally scarce. Trade tokens on one particular digital ledger are artificially scarce and they can be 100% economically substituted by themselves because the code they were created is open source and everyone can just switch and use an exact copy with minor modifications if they wanted to.
Why do you think people will be locked in to one particular open source set of trade tokens that is 100% replaceable and mainly used for speculation (by your own admission, comparing it to gold and real estate, not currencies)?
What you're saying is "space" on one particular ledger is going to be worth paying someone 10,000x what the original owner paid for some reason, instead of just using another ledger where the quantity of tokens has kept pace with the demand for tokens so the price has remained constant and so isn't volatile and doesn't require enriching a tiny number of people who happened to hoard most of the tokens at the beginning.
What are you hoping on locking people into such an eye-gouging mark up? Network effects? First mover advantage? Market dominance?
Myspace had all three. It lost out to Facebook because it was slightly worse designed. Not because it cost 10,000% more to join Myspace than Facebook.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:52:15
If its a currency not a commodity, why is everyone here talking about how much money they're going to make from selling it, rather than how useful its going to be to be able to use bitcoin as a currency?
Also bitcoin is not "fully liquid", whatever that is supposed to mean. There's no such thing as 100% liquidity, it doesn't work on that kind of scale.
Far fewer people are willing to accept bitcoin than dollars or euros which immediately makes it a lot less liquid than dollars or euros it can take up to a day for transactions to go through so at a time of crisis (i.e. a crash in the value of bitcoin), spending thousands of dollars worth of currency before it becomes worthless might be very tricky indeed, especially since bitcoin will be overwhelmed with everyone trying to sell at the same time and miners prioritizing huge high volume transactions from people who own millions rather than small transactions in the hundreds and thousands.
@_date: 2018-02-04 14:47:34


except all the people in the world using dollars to trade goods and services. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:26:37


The point was, Bitcoin is often cited as "digital gold", which ignores that gold was abandoned as currency because supply couldn't keep up with demand and it became more profitable to hoard and speculate on than to use as currency.
People also often defend fixed supply by saying bitcoin needs to be "hard money" like gold, ignoring that gold supply has increased significantly over the last 100 years (it just hasn't increased faster than demand)
@_date: 2018-03-05 14:18:46
none of that helps the theory that "gold is the best store of value because of scarcity".
By your own working not only is platinum scarcer than gold but its also more expensive to produce, yet its not worth as much.
The reason why gold is more expensive despite being cheaper to produce and existing in much greater quantities, there is also much greater demand for it.
Nothing is valuable because its scarce. Scarcity only matters in so much as it effects relative supply and demand.


Neither of those things have to be true. There are more factors that go into driving price above cost of production than simply whether there is a free market or a bubble.
The profit margin on movie theater popcorn is extremely high, higher than gold or platinum. It's not because of a bubble in popcorn or a monopoly on movie theaters.
A bubble can't be caused by itself, its only caused by underlying factors. 
Supply inelasticity is one key factor of many, and one of the primary causes of commodity bubbles.
gold and platinum mines can't just immediately increase production. mines take many years of planning and investment to create. So increase in demand from speculators can't immediately increase supply, so price increases, which draws in more speculators, until the price gets high enough that its worth it for mining companies to invest in new mines.
@_date: 2017-09-29 20:59:15
Why do you keep replying to me when you can't answer the most basic questions about what you think?
@_date: 2018-02-07 20:07:30
I'm not sure what part of that link is meant to prove what I'm saying is wrong.
According to that link 0.01% of addresses hold 39.4% of all coins, 0.56% of addresses hold 87% of all bitcoins.
although you can't just go by addresses since lots of people hold coins by proxy on exchanges, which is why I cited the lowest estimates of 20-40% which are the range of estimates I've seen so far, although admittedly they are very broad estimates since much of the relevant data isn't publicly available.
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:12:46
I think you should look up this comment thread to see what actually started this conversation.
The whole point is people claiming price in USD is irrelevant because 1 BTC = 1 BTC. Except of course its relevant because price is how you work out relative value. Bitcoin is being used as an asset, not a currency, for the most part, so its impossible to tell how much you would pay for a haircut without converting to fiat any more than you could tell how many ounces of gold to pay for a haircut without first converting price to a usable currency.
you can't work out how many speed boats is worth a house without currency because people don't value houses and speed boats uniformly, that's what currency is for, and why currency replaced barter.
@_date: 2018-02-14 21:53:39


a company that has ownership over lots of addresses with small amounts of bitcoin (lets say a small exchange, or a crypto-poker site for example), wants to move all those bitcoins to a single address. since there isn't enough in each address to be worth spending a high fee, they throw out a hail mary and bulk send them on low fees. Maybe they know there's little chance any will go through, but they need the money badly so why not try? they're not doing any good otherwise.
Again thats only one possibility, I have no idea what the internal financials of any crypto business look like because they're not publicly available. maybe a database of a bunch of low value "tip" addresses got hacked and someone was just trying to get them out as quickly as possible before anyone noticed. maybe the government seized a bunch of addresses and set an arbitrary threshold that any address under X amount could only be sent with X fee and the guy who got paid to transfer them wasn't getting paid to give a shit whether they went through or not.
I have no idea what those transactions were because the blockchain is pseudonymous. 


the graph is evidence the transactions happened.spam implies malicious intent to overload the network.  if you don't think you need additional evidence for additional claims I don't know what to tell you. Are you saying its literally impossible to make that number of transactions for any other reason other than malicious spamming of the network? 


literally any additional evidence other than just pointing out the fact the transactions happened and saying "it looks like spam to me".
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:10:36


I'm mainly talking about bitcoin here (and ones modeled on bitcoin), there are too many cryptocurrencies to know if they all have the same flaws.
There are evidences we can use besides "if/when it crashes to 0 then we'll definitely know whether its a bubble or not".
If claims about bitcoin becoming more stable with time are true then there needs to be a case put forth about why its been a lot less stable now then when it was much less popular.
That seems to be evidence firmly in the "its an increasingly unstable speculative bubble" category. Unless you blame "the establishment" for sabotaging bitcoin, in which case how reliable is it if the establishment can half a market cap of hundreds of billions in a month.


this is another testable claim that we don't have to put off to "well we'll know in 50 years time whether it was or not".
Lots of the world doesn't have banking but does have internet. Where is the rise of bitcoin in these regions? They're adopting other new technologies like M-Pesa so its not a case of them being reluctant to try new technology. You can say "well bitcoins not stable enough yet" but that then pushes the question back to why its not getting more stable when its thousands of times bigger than it was.


Bitcoin is worthless as a "hedge against fiat" or "digital gold". The stock market had a huge dip recently and bitcoin barely moved. It is no "safe haven". A store of value that can lose half its value in a month isn't a good store either. It's a highly volatile specualtive asset. It's primary use case is people who want to turn $1,000 into $10,000 with little effort.
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:56:10
Currency conversion is not the same thing as immediately buying back currency you spend.
When you go to Europe, and convert USD to Euros, you do not then buy back euros every time you spend them so you can leave Europe with as many Euros as you started with.
The whole point of converting to euros is because you know you will want to give up euros in exchange for goods and services while in europe. You spend currency when you would rather have whatever you're buying than the currency you hold. 
the goal isn't to keep exactly the same amount of euros, the goal is to use euros to trade for things you would rather have than euros. buying back euros would defeat the very purpose you exchanged them in the first place for.
people aren't treating bitcoin as a currency, they're treating it like a speculative asset, but in order for them to believe that it has underlying value beyond speculation it is necessary to believe it is a useful currency, which is what leads to irrational behavior like spending currency and then immediately buying it back with another currency (which is the true medium of exchange), so people can tell themselves they are getting the best of both worlds, supporting bitcoin as a currency while hoarding it as a speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-02-27 12:49:38


This is not true. EU roaming charges existed right up until the EU banned them. They were literally in place right up until the day the EU said they couldn't exist anymore:
Your ideological opposition to regulation for any reason is causing you to say things that are not only without evidence but completely contradicted by evidence, you should examine that. This came in as a direct result of EU law, because there is no free market in telecoms, there's no open competition to drive down prices.
You're ignoring how free markets actually work if you think an oligarchy on government telecoms infrastructure is a free market.There's no such thing as a voluntary market in an industry that runs on government infrastructure, whoever government grants use of the infrastructure to will own the market.


Why does the EU have much lower interchange fees then? By law companies cannot charge more than 0.3% for credit cards and 0.2% for debit cards. In the US the average fee is 2%, 10x higher. I thought a voluntary market ALWAYS beats the use of force and law? Explain that please.


You can't have a "voluntary" monopoly based on government infrastructure. 
Their monopolies are based on the use of force and law. You're not talking about a free market you're just talking about handing the government market to a handful of corporations.
You're not talking about capitalism you're talking about corporatism. Corporations are by definition government created entities.
@_date: 2017-09-29 14:17:59


That must be why big wall street banks and finance groups are investing in bitcoin because they want to destroy their own business model.
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:11:10
In that case why wouldn't you just accept fiat when there are A) less fees, B) quicker confirmation times C) far more people with fiat than BTC?
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:06:35


It already did that when it was worth $100. Where does the other $3,900 of value come from?


How many millions of people deposit their salary in dollars?
Bitcoin hasn't quadrupled in value because of average joes depositing their salary its quadrupled because of huge amounts of speculative investment. The vast majority of bitcoins are not being used as currency but as an investment. As soon as it stops being a lucrative investment all those speculators will dump it and the price will crash.
@_date: 2018-02-24 13:11:46
Lightning Devs don't want people using Lightning for commerce yet.
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:37:15
Bitcoin has gone from $0.05 to $19,000. 
Do you think it can go from $19,000 to $7,220,000,000?
Anyone who bought in at $19,000 is never going to see the gains made by the people who bought up the most bitcoins when they were cheapest.
80% of all bitcoins there will ever be have already been distributed and most of them are in the hands of a tiny number of people.
"no top or bottom". lol
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:24:25


Where innovations start and where they end up are two different things. Segwit is years old at this point.
Microsoft popularized one of the first web browsers, but it doesn't mean microsoft are still innovators in the web browser field.
In fact now Microsoft are huge they innovate very little, despite the fact they have vast resources to throw at problems, because their size increases their inertia.
Chrome and Firefox managed to surpass IE despite having less resources, and despite copying many ideas from IE.
@_date: 2018-03-21 12:46:15
Without large hubs Lightning would be almost useless. 
How much P2P commerce do you actually engage in on a recurring basis? If you open a channel, only make one transaction and then close the channel its more expensive and inefficient than just directly trading on chain.
The only benefit of pre-committing funds to amortize transaction costs is if you plan to do a enough business back and forth with someone to where the decrease in transaction cost outweighs the opportunity cost of locking your funds to a channel that will cost you to withdraw (plus the increased risk of losing funds compared to keeping them in cold storage).
For the average person the only use case this fits is large commerce platforms like Amazon, eBay, etc. Those are the only sites people are regularly channeling money through enough that it would make financial sense to commit $100-1,000 up front rather than just pay a slightly higher fee on more infrequent transactions.
Most people are net-buyers in trade networks (i.e. far more people are buying things off amazon than selling them), but for the smaller number of people who are either net-sellers or break even, they are doing it almost exclusively on sites like eBay. Such a balance of trade flows requires a major hub of trade.
You can't avoid these hubs if you hope to trade on their networks. Being indirectly connected to them through a small number of low-liquidity channels does not remove dependence on the hub and just increases the probability you will have to close and open a new channel if one of the nodes connecting you to the hub goes down. Being directly connected to the hub you're trading on would be more efficient and reliable, and would be able to provide far more liquidity.
@_date: 2018-03-20 15:28:06
The worst thing about open-source decentralized projects is how easy they are to steal.
If only there was some way to stop people from being able to copy the code and set up their own versions of it without permission from the original creators.
@_date: 2018-02-24 15:28:32


That doesn't explain why the capacity is declining. If those people wanted to respect the devs wishes to not use main-net then why put money on in the first place? The OP is asking for why there is a decline.


Nodes with no channels are useless.
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:54:21


I don't. Arguing against deflation does not mean inflation is good, although this is constantly the counter-argument you get if you point out the problems with deflation.
Neither "deserves" the reward, the reward comes from manipulation of the currency supply, not from any deserving.
However, even though inflation and deflation are opposites, the effects are not symmetrical.
Currency only generates wealth by facilitating wealth generating/optimizing trades. You cannot generate wealth by sitting on currency. Currency buried in a hole never to be used has no more use than just destroying it. A currency that is hoarded does not have the same effect as a currency that is over spent.
Even with high levels of inflation the only way you can make money from money is to make profitable trades. Inflation can cause over-investment but it can't make doing nothing with money profitable.
 With deflation you can make profit simply by hoarding, which is a rent seeking behavior (i.e. you do not increase the overall supply of wealth you simply increase the percentage of wealth that you own), which is parasitic behavior, and it also involves a negative feedback loop that initiates deflationary spirals.
This is why people can tolerate higher levels of inflation in a currency but even moderate levels of deflation collapse economies very quickly if there is not an alternative currency that can be used to mitigate the effects. The US had 10% inflation in the 80s to no major catastrophe. 10% deflation in the 30s collapsed the economy, reduced international trade by 50%, increased unemployment to 25%, reduced GDP by 30%
currency needs to change hands to be useful, and changing hands too often is nowhere near as destructive as not changing hands at all.
@_date: 2018-02-17 19:11:46
Do you know what the most popular currency in Zimbabwe is?
@_date: 2017-09-29 17:47:11
That is a post talking about the politics involved in the upcoming fork in Bitcoin to deal with scalability issues. It makes no mention of debt or currency debasement.
Can you quote which part you think is relevant to anything you've said or are you just going to tell me to read a link again because you can't explain any of your own thoughts?
@_date: 2017-10-15 16:41:51
what the fuck is this even supposed to mean
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:07:19
At least until you run out of new speculators. Which appears might have already happened
@_date: 2018-02-17 17:44:34


Deflation being bad doesn't make inflation good. Both inflation and deflation have their own problems. 
If "but inflation is bad!" is your argument then you're not addressing the problems of deflation. Inflation being bad is an argument for 0 inflation, not deflation.


It had nothing to do with divisibility. The dollar only increased in value 33% over several years. Almost no goods in 1930s were priced at 1 cent. Penny candy was basically the only good affected by the divisibility of the cent, in which case you could just do 2 smaller candies for 1 cent, or 1 larger candy for 1 cent, which is what people did, you could still buy penny candies in the Great Depression.
there was nothing stopping the federal reserve from issuing 0.5 cent coins to replace higher denomination coins, just like when there's inflation they print higher denomination notes and coins and lower denomination coins are eliminated. Course there was no need to because divisibility wasn't an issue.


I never said anything about bailing them out.
They were perfectly profitable businesses until deflation caused their debts to increase 33% at the same time it caused the price they got for their crops to decrease by 33%, through no fault of their own.
You don't seem to acknowledge that if the dollar increases in value by 33% that has to come at he expense of someone now getting less for their dollar. This results in a transfer of wealth from people with goods and assets to people with dollars. 
The value of money people invested in farms rapidly changed in a short period. Someone might have invested $10,000 into buying a farm and machinery, expecting to make $100 a month back to pay off the investment. Now the value of the dollar rapidly changes, and the farm they paid $10,000 for is now only worth $6,700, and the $100 a month they were going to get in revenue now becomes $67. 
Food now costing less dollars is not helpful if you make your money selling food.
Someone who just decided to sit on $10,000 instead of invest it in producing wealth would have made much more profit. This is a perverse incentive that caused economic production to decrease as the value of the dollar increased.
@_date: 2018-02-20 23:59:26


Why couldn't they just accept cash and then buy bitcoin with it? A business owner might want to accumulate more gold, it doesn't mean they're going to start accepting gold as payment
you already said that the only reason you shop at those businesses was to spend bitcoin, which is why the business offered it. It wasn't because you were going to shop there anyway and bitcoin was the better payment option, which is what needs to happen for organic growth.
Cash is quicker than bitcoin and cash depreciates so its always better to spend first if you have some (which obviously you do because that's how you "replace" lost bitcoin).
What value does it add to the owners business other than the gimmick of attracting people who will only go there if they accept bitcoin?
 Cash costs them nothing, is quicker, everyone has it and they have basically no risk of cash losing half its value between getting it and trying to spend it.
If the owner wants bitcoins to speculate on they can just buy them using fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-08 14:15:26
You were the one who brought up remittance businesses when pressed for an example of something you could do with Bitcoin that you couldn't do with existing currency, now you say I'm "obsessed" with it when I press you to actually answer that case of why Bitcoin hasn't made a dent in the remittance industry in 9 years?
What are you even trying to argue? 
You were the one who asked *me* whether I was starting any businesses with Bitcoin and if not why not, and I told you that I'm not and explained why, because Bitcoin is worse than the alternatives for any business use case I can think of.
Then you said "well what about remittance businesses", and I pointed out how Bitcoin has failed to be an adequate replacement for Western Union for the reasons I previously mentioned. Now you want to dismiss remittances as some obsession of mine despite the fact you're the one who brought it up.
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:41:57
This is just the standard bitcoin salespitch. All those things were meant to facilitate its use as currency, not just being a tradable commodity. you haven't explained why any of those things will make it valuable if it has no use as a currency. Why is it a store of value? Because its rare and secured by maths? So is any sufficiently long encrypted password. Wanna give me $8,000 for a password to a database? You can't use the database for anything practical but there'll only ever be 10,000 passwords so they're really scarce and must be valuable.


It was originally created to be a P2P currency. At least according to the whitepaper. although maybe Satoshi got lucky and accidentally failed at making a functional currency but succeeded in making something worth billions just because its rare.


You don't think governments can seize peoples bitcoins?
Over 1,000,000 coins have been seized so far that I know of, probably a lot more than that added up in smaller quantities that don't make the news.


Billions in bitcoin have been stolen because it relies connecting to the internet to work and the internet is very insecure compared to physical vaults.
It's meaningless to say "it can't be stolen if you keep it secure". Anything can't be stolen if you keep it secure. Gold can't be stolen if you keep it in a hidden vault.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:54:54


Not if it goes even lower.


Not if it goes even higher.


Definitely not a bubble then. Bitcoin will ALWAYS be worth more in future. If you sell bitcoin at any time you're guaranteed to be losing money?
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:25:54


Because that card is not transferring bitcoin to merchants, its transferring dollars (or whatever the native currency is). With fairly sharp fees for ATM withdrawals and international purchases.
You can get debit cards based on gold bullion that work the same way, it doesn't mean you're using gold as a currency. If merchants accepted gold or bitcoin you wouldn't need a 3rd party to run a service to convert them into other currencies. 
You said you put your paycheck into bitcoin (presumably in dollars), so you're using dollars to buy bitcoins to then convert back into dollars to use on a debit card. Bitcoin is simply a commodity you're temporarily storing your wealth as.


That money is only as liquid as the exchanges they're using to buy/sell bitcoins, which means during times of crisis (i.e. crash in the value of bitcoin), not very liquid at all since all those exchanges will have more people wanting to sell bitcoin than there are people who want to buy, and that ignores any technical limitation of a huge surge of transactions in bitcoin.
Small value bitcoin transfers can take hours to complete. Obviously a McDonalds can't afford to wait half a day to see if your big mac order is paid for. It's entire functionality relies on another centralized currency to work. Which undermines the argument some make that bitcoin is so valuable not because of rampant speculation on a artificially scarce supply, but because its going to replace regular currency and PRICE DISCOVERY!!!!!!!
The past year has seen almost no overall growth in people using bitcoin as currency but tremendous growth in the number of people speculating on it.
@_date: 2018-02-21 19:08:05
Isn't an exchange that has never been hacked more trustworthy?
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:19:34


I meant better in measurable things like transaction fees, transaction volume, transaction time, scalability. 


Stable in comparison to a country that's going through years of brutal civil war is not a good benchmark. 


The math for a dozen cryptocurrencies is just as good as bitcoin. They're not worth anything because no one wants to speculate on them. Math won't stop bitcoins become worthless if a competing currency becomes more popular because it scales better, or it stops providing returns on speculation.
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:46:00
Yup, its the difference between using something *as* currency, and as a means to get currency.
People don't have dollars because they think it will get them more euros. Dollars are for buying and selling goods and services. If you want more dollars then you sell more goods/services for dollars.
When you try to buy something with dollars, the aim is not to end up with the same amount of dollars and less of something else. you want less dollars because you believe that whatever you're buying is more valuable to you than the equivalent in dollars
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:33:11
When bitcoin hit $1,000 for the first time it dropped to $500, and went back up to $950 before going to $200 and staying below $500 for a year, taking 3 years in total to get back to $1,000
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:19:25
In the hypothetical world where the largest economies in the world collapse and bitcoin remains stable and somehow handles hundreds of millions of transactions a day at a reasonable fee when it couldn't handle 500k for less than $50/tx, then yes bitcoin is better.
In the real world where government currencies are incredibly stable and backed by the power of the government, and bitcoin is a speculative asset prone to huge swings in value even when the economy is doing fine, then state currency is better.
@_date: 2018-02-28 23:16:57


Steam stopped accepting bitcoin last year because of "high fees and volatility".


If that's the case why is Western Union making more money than when Bitcoin came out?
Blockbusters wasn't doing better 9 years after Netflix came out.
In order to use bitcoin for remittances you need to buy it on an exchange, transfer it and then have that person sell it at an exchange, which isn't possible in most of the world, which is why Western Union is still in business.
@_date: 2017-09-27 19:57:19


If someone could produce gold from scratch for 10 cents a kilo, who would buy gold for $1,000 an ounce? Gold has the value it does because people buy it **and** its expensive to produce. If someone came up with a much cheaper way of producing gold then what people would pay for it would reduce.
What is the cost of producing one bitcoin? What is the cost of producing a cryptocurrency that does everything bitcoin does but better?


How does that make it a good currency? If my wages could halve in a month it would make it very difficult to plan expenses.


Why invest in the largest most valuable cryptocurrency that doesn't need any help? Why not use that money to support new startup cryptocurrencies to encourage their use?


Dollars haven't halved or doubled in value for 10 years, let alone done so in 2 weeks. Government currencies are as stable as their governments, and if you have an unstable government, currency is the least of your worries. No one is speculating on dollars because they aren't consistently increasing in value. The central bank deliberately tries to keep the value relatively stable because a volatile currency would disrupt the economy.
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:08:29
I just copied the numbers I found on this site, I don't have any interest in fudging the numbers: 
The 6 block estimate is now half what it was in my last post, although I realize now they're using a very low average transaction size to estimate it, so it wasn't accurate.
The average bitcoin transaction was 600-700 bytes in 2017, its currently 1.4 kbytes, which is admittedly above norm. I don't think its accurate to try and use extremely small transactions as indicative of average costs.
you're also not factoring in exchange fees since its basically impossible for people to use bitcoin for things like remittances without using an exchange. its also not feasible for them to use it for remittances because even large exchanges like Coinbase only do business with the US, Europe and handful of others.
Which is why Western Union is still in business, because no one is going to send bitcoin to their family in Uganda when there's no way for them to exchange bitcoin for usable currency.


daily bitcoin transactions are at a 2 year low and dropping, which is why fees are also dropping, because there's so little demand for blockspace that miners can put almost any transaction in a block regardless of fee and not lose out. As soon as transactions increase there will again be fierce competition for blockspace and fees will rise.
Compare the fee cost when bitcoin was dealing with 500k transactions a day to how much it costs Visa to handle 500k a day.
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:51:39


Without using crypto as a currency.
"spending" in itself means nothing, if you simply define it as moving bitcoin around.
I can set up an exchange and trade bitcoin, ether and dollars back and forth millions of times and total billions of dollars of trade volume per day and nothing of any value will be produced.
Say you have 1 bitcoin, $8,000, and want to buy a car worth 1 BTC/$8,000. 
if you buy the car with the bitcoin, and then immediately buy a bitcoin with the $8,000, you didn't want to pay bitcoin for a car, you wanted to give up $8,000 for the car. Otherwise you would have kept the $8,000 and just spent the bitcoin. The only reason this would make sense is if the only way you could buy a car is with bitcoin, but that is not what is happening here.
This is behavior from people who want to spend fiat and hoard bitcoin, but don't want to admit to themselves what they're doing so concoct a convoluted payment route where they can pretend that they can have the best of both worlds, profit from hoarding bitcoin whilst spending it as a currency.
But that's not what is happening. you're only spending fiat, using bitcoin as an intermediary and racking up extra fees in the process, when you could just spend fiat directly for the same net effect. this will do nothing to help the adoption of bitcoin as a currency and only cements its position as a speculative asset dependent on fiat.
Again all you have to do is imagine the same person you're rebuying bitcoin from is the person you gave the bitcoin in the first place to see how ridiculous it is.
@_date: 2018-03-23 13:55:51
So the end result is you end up with exactly the same amount of bitcoin (minus fees and however much bitcoin went up between rebuying) and less USD?
Sounds like it would be easier, cheaper and more efficient just to pay with USD.
This is the madness of pretending you can simultaneously hoard a currency to profit from speculation and spend it at the same time.
If you gave the merchant bitcoin, and then immediately bought it back with USD it would be immediately obvious that it was a contrived transaction and you were just paying with USD. That merchant selling that bitcoin on an exchange, and you buying it back on an exchange is just as contrived, its just producing make-work for the exchange. That is not a sustainable growth strategy.
@_date: 2018-02-18 16:54:15


Generating wealth is better for you, and for everyone else than simply trying to hoard it. You can only save what you or someone else has already made. 
Hoarding enough money to pay for 10 years electricity is not as good as buying a solar panel that will generate 10+ years electricity. What happens if the value of money crashes during that time? What if the cost of electricity skyrockets? After 10 years you will be out of money. After 10 years you will still have the solar panel.
If you want to be financially self sufficient then being able to generate the wealth you need is better than relying on savings that you might run out of. Money is only valuable because people generate valuable things it can be used to trade.


It also suffered from being hoarded, shaved, melted down during all that time, and was one of the least used currencies. It's main benefit was it didn't rust or tarnish (no longer a problem now we have better metallurgy and polymer currency), and it was easier to carry 1 gold coin instead of 1000 copper coins (no longer a problem now we trade currency as paper and digitally)
Silver, copper, zinc, brass, bronze where much more commonly used. If the economy was dependent on gold alone the economy could not have developed as much as it did.
Aristophanes records over 2000 years ago the problem of gold hoarding :










@_date: 2018-02-15 14:13:11


And I just provided examples of big companies making dumb financial decisions like not batching transactions and paying far too much for transactions so its clearly possible. "people wouldn't waste time or money" is not a good argument when the market is full of people doing both.


And I'm not saying its impossible that it is malicious spam, just that there's no definitive proof that it is.
The fact that such "spam" does little to effect the network is just a small piece of evidence to weigh against others.
Spamming with low fee transactions when fees are already high does nothing to slow down the network because those fees aren't getting included in any blocks, they just get stuck in mempool til either they disappear or traffic dies down and they go through.
@_date: 2017-09-28 22:11:29
I thought bitcoin was going to collapse the banks and make fiat worthless?
@_date: 2018-02-09 19:06:51
The point that price in USD is irrelevant because 1 BTC = 1 BTC isn't completely valid, its just an empty meme.
BTC doesn't have PPP because no one prices anything in bitcoin, they always price it in fiat equivalent. its not possible to work out prices in BTC because A) its used mainly as a speculative asset not a currency, and B) the value is so volatile you can't set fixed prices, and having variable prices is pointless since people will have to check how much USD or other fiat that amount of BTC is now worth
you can't work out how much a haircut is in BTC without fiat anymore than you can work out how much a haircut is in gold without fiat.
"1 btc = 1 btc" is just a way for people to lie to themselves about what they're in bitcoin for or what they expect from bitcoin.
I've had a response from someone saying that price in USD doesn't matter because bitcoin will be worth shitloads in future. Which is not the same thing as saying USD value doesn't matter, its just saying they expect it to be worth lots in the future so short term price doesn't matter.


check some of the other responses I've gotten in this comment thread and you'll see people who genuinely think its some kind of meaningful point, not just a joke.
@_date: 2018-02-08 23:46:06
Do you actually want to use bitcoin for anything or are you just hoping to profit from increases in price?
If its the latter, you're basically just gambling on how many other people you think the same and will buy expecting the price to go up. Except you're definitely not the first person to have that idea but you may be closer than you thnik to being the last.
@_date: 2017-09-27 22:51:13
When did they say anything against free speech?
When did people start seeing any criticism as an attack on free speech? Free speech also includes being free to criticize.
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:23:30


You might want to look at how many of the top 500 US retailers are accepting bitcoin now compared to in 2014.
Increasing price does not mean increasing adoption when the price increase is coming from speculation, not adoption.
@_date: 2018-02-25 17:38:40
First Venezuela, now Russia? Two countries always on the cutting edge of robust economic policy.
to the moon
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:07:43


The market already shows you how deflationary currencies work. People hoard them and speculate on them which causes volatile speculative bubbles and deflationary spirals. Bitcoins price hasn't been stable enough to use as a real currency for years. Any time bitcoin is traded its traded as an asset denominated in fiat. Contrary to claims that bitcoins price will get more stable as it grows, it has been far less stable in 2017 than it was in 2015, which is what you would expect from speculative cycles.
If any country was depending on bitcoin to run their economy their economy would have collapsed already from all the volatility and deflation. The only reason bitcoin can survive is because people treat it as a speculative asset, so if it halves or doubles in price in a week it doesn't matter, because they're not relying on it as currency.
The huge swings in value make it more attractive to speculators since every time the price crashes it encourages new speculators to buy in hoping to make it rich off a small investment the next time the price soars. This is why we're seeing increasing cycles of price increases followed by price crashes, but this is not sustainable. Eventually all the speculators who can get in the market will be in it and after that crash the price will never recover, which will collapse confidence in its use as a speculative asset.
The only real use case for bitcoin so far has been to avoid financial regulations on money laundering and black market trading, and that is a legal loophole. Since all bitcoin trading goes through exchanges at some point, all government have to do is ban people from using exchanges and it will collapse the ecosystem. No one has trust in bitcoins price outside of what its worth in fiat. If people can no longer readily exchange it for fiat they will deem it worthless.
@_date: 2018-02-07 17:28:46
@_date: 2018-02-14 18:43:33


that must be why bitcoin forums never talk about price in fiat and hoarding bitcoin for future gain at others expense.
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:16:08
So if you have a t shirt, and I have .005 bitcoin, and we exchange, and then I buy the bitcoin back off you with dollars, do you believe that is also helping bitcoin become accepted as a currency?
If not then what  exactly do you think is different if we get a friend (lets call him Coinbase) to exchange the bitcoin and dollars instead of just directly doing it ourselves? Except our friend takes a bigger chunk of fees than if we just directly exchanged fiat. The end result is the same, I have less fiat and exactly the same amount of bitcoin as before, it just changed hands to facilitate some illusion that I was exchanging it for something and wasted fees and block space in the process.
If all you want bitcoin to be is a more expensive and wasteful way of transferring fiat than this behavior is sensible. Otherwise its just wasting money so you can continue to hoard bitcoin while pretending you're not.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:41:25


Productivity is what drives the economy, not wages. [Productivity is up.](
Wages haven't gone up because automation and a shift in the economy to low-labor industry have reduced demand for labor. 
Facebook makes more net-income than Walmart despite only hiring 25,000 people compared to 2.3 million for walmart. And even companies like Walmart are reducing their need for labor with things like automated check outs and automated warehouses.
This is the kind of thing that is keeping wages down, because it used to require hiring millions of people to make billions in profit, now you only need tens of thousands.


One state is thinking about accepting it, and even in that proposed legislation they're immediately converting it to fiat, for obvious reasons. It's a gimmick to try and draw in new taxpayers. They don't want bitcoin they want USD and think telling people they can pay taxes in bitcoin will help them get it.
What difference does it make whether the state takes bitcoin and then immediately sells it for fiat or they just tell people to pay in fiat so they sell bitcoin for fiat? 
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:24:25
How is bitcoin ever going to be adopted as currency if everyone takes the same attitude?
This is why deflationary currency doesn't work. Everyone just hoards it despite what they say.
It's also just doesn't make sense for a currency. If I'm an apple seller, and I give someone a token worth 1 apple, I want that token to stay being worth 1 apple. I don't want to have to give someone 10 apples for a token when I only got 1 apples worth of value out of.
@_date: 2018-02-12 14:36:52


When you buy something with euros do you then immediately try and buy back those euros with dollars? Why, so you can leave your vacation with a bunch of currency you can't spend? The whole reason you converted to euros in the first place was so you could spend them, not so that you could keep hold of them while losing something else.
There is a difference between converting one currency to another, and trying to avoid actually spending a currency by a convoluted series of trades.
If you make a transaction and the end result is you have the same amount of bitcoin and less fiat, you haven't exchanged bitcoin, you've just exchanged fiat in a more complicated manner.
If all you want bitcoin to be is a more expensive and complicated way of trading fiat then this makes sense.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:58:33


There are other coins that have had Segwit implemented from the start, bitcoin has not even got 50% adoption yet. Segwit is not a great case for how rapidly innovative Bitcoin is compared to other coins.
Lightning also is not Bitcoin specific, it has been made to work with several other coins.
The case in the article seems to be as simple as "there's lots of money in crypto but bitcoin is the biggest and has the most money so its the most innovative", rather than actually showing evidence of rapid innovation.
Other coins are clearly ahead of bitcoin when it comes to features like smart contracts. Bitcoins size seems to hinder rapid innovation rather than help it.
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:10:02
If you get paid in fiat, and then you convert to bitcoin, and then use bitcoin to buy goods and services, that's using bitcoin as a currency, just like if you converted dollars to euros and then bought dollars with something.
That's not what is happening with "spend and replenish". its a contrived way of spending fiat but in a way that speculators can convince themselves they're simultaneously getting the benefit of hoarding bitcoin and the benefit of spending it.
If you're in Europe, and have converted to euros, every time you spend euros do you then try to buy those euros back with dollars? Why? So that when you leave europe you can have a bunch of euros you don't need?
Currency is a medium of exchange. When you are using money you get from your job you are trying to trade hours of your work for goods and services. The goal is not to keep exactly the same amount of fiat, the goal is to convert one type of value, to another. That's why when you spend real currency you don't immediately try to buy it back, because the whole reason you gave it up in the first place is because you were trying to exchange it for something else.
"spend and replenish" is not trying to exchange bitcoin for anything, its trying to exchange fiat but in a convoluted way so that people can convince themselves they value bitcoin as a medium of exchange and not just a speculative commodity.
It should be obvious when someone is left with exactly the same amount of bitcoin and less fiat, what they were actually exchanging for the thing they now hold in exchange for less fiat.
this will not encourage anyone to use bitcoin as a currency, all it will do is set up a small number of wasteful make-work businesses that pretend to be accepting bitcoin when really they're just exchanging fiat through a 3rd party, exchanges.
If all you want bitcoin to be is a more expensive and wasteful way of trading fiat, then this kind of irrational bubble behavior is right on track.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:28:45
Banks already have superior security for consumers in any practical sense because most places they're legally obligated to do charge backs and to still give you your money even if they are robbed.
A decentralized system like Bitcoin makes it impossible to enforce these kind of securities. If someone steals your bitcoins its impossible to get them back, and if a company defrauds you or someone uses your coins without permission its impossible to do a charge back.
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:57:43


People have dollars to use as currency. In the time between getting paid and spending all the money they will not have lost any meaningful amount of value. Most people don't have savings they just have debt, so inflation actually helps since it reduces the value of your debt.


Poor scalability (re:confirmation times, transaction capacity), upcoming forks that threaten to fragment the userbase, mining is dangerously centralized (one group once had 45% out of the 51% needed to compromise the network) which allows them to have significant influence to effect the development of the currency in their favor, inbuilt deflation discourages use of bitcoins as an actual currency rather than a store of wealth, most people who are invested in bitcoins are simply holding them til they stop appreciating in value rather than spending them as currency, incentives for mining die off over time which will create incentive for miners to switch to other currencies as rewards dwindle
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:32:49


You hear this same shit from people claiming they "buy everything" with bitcoin, only to find out that they're using a VISA debit card which simply exchanges bitcoin into a fiat currency like dollars and then spends that.
It's worrying that people who think BTC is going to replace banking and fiat currency don't realize when they're actually using banking and fiat currency instead of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-02-27 13:03:38


Wait, isn't it 25 Czech Crowns to a euro?
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:28:02
It's volatile because it has a completely inelastic supply curve.
This makes it extremely vulnerable to price manipulation and speculation. If anyone buys lots of bitcoin the price has to go up because supply cannot. If someone sells a bunch of bitcoin the price has to go down because the supply cannot.
This guarantees cycles of boom and bust where people try to pump the price to profit and then dump to buy back in cheaply.
Tether shows how you can keep the price of something almost completely constant if you just keep adjusting the supply to meet demand, (even if in Tethers case the supply of Tethers might not actually be backed by anything).
Tether is younger that bitcoin, traded less, and hardly used, even less people own it than bitcoin but its far more stable because it has an elastic supply. If it was actually backed by dollars it would be ridiculously stable compared to BTC.
@_date: 2018-02-26 15:18:41
By those numbers most of the batching was already happening by December, yet transaction count didn't start dropping to below year average until late January/February.
@_date: 2018-02-17 23:43:21
real HODLers destroy their private keys so they can never sell them
1 BTC = 1 BTC
@_date: 2018-02-07 13:41:02
So its not using Bitcoin in the name that's the problem, a bunch of versions of Ubuntu use Ubuntu in the name.
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:10:02
If you're down 50% a 50% rise doesn't look that good anymore, its worse than 2% inflation.
Bitcoin being up 5000% from years ago is useful to
A) People who bought bitcoin in the past
B) People who have time machines
It's not useful to anyone who bought in at $19,000.
You cannot sustain a currency based on "well if you were one of the tiny number of people who bought 10 years ago you wouldn't be complaining".
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:28:10
I'm saying why bother with a payment service that results in you receiving fiat except paying more in fees rather than directly accepting fiat?
Either accept bitcoin as well or why bother accepting fiat and a more expensive version of fiat?
@_date: 2018-03-28 11:50:38
50% of gold production goes to making Jewelry. Another 10% goes to electronics, medical, food and other industries.
It's not a feature for gold that it costs a lot of energy to make. No one is trying to increase the amount of energy wasted on gold production, they're constantly trying to get it down.
If someone works out a way to cheaply extract gold from seawater then the price and energy cost of producing gold will plummet.
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:01:01
Fixed supply guarantees speculative bubbles and hoarding of the currency which will ultimately kill it.
The way functional currencies work is that the supply increases and decreases with the number of goods and services being traded. This keeps the price of the currency stable and allows it to be a useful medium of exchange.
Say I have 100 apples for sale, and instead of carrying around 100 apples to try and directly buy things, I just carry round 100 tokens that entitle the receiver to an apple.
now I grow another 100 apples, so I make another 100 tokens so that there's still 1 token for every apple.
the way fixed currency advocates think it should work is that there should never be more than 100 tokens. If I grow 100 more apples, now I just accept half a token for one, instead of a whole one. Which is obviously a shit idea since now I've both made it impossible for the value of the tokens to remain stable unless the number of apples does, and I've created an incentive for people not to buy my apples because if they wait and I grow more apples then they'll get more for their tokens.
It's obvious on an individual level how this is a broken system but because of the level of speculation involved people can pretend something else is happening because they're getting rich.
No currency has ever worked at scale with a fixed supply, for obvious reasons once you understand the purpose of currency. People like to pretend gold was fixed supply but ignore that the supply of gold has increased significantly over the last hundred years, and even then it was still abandoned for coinage because supply couldn't increase fast enough to meet demand for coins.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:13:13
Satoshi set the inflation rate for the next billion years. Halving every 210,000 blocks and then gradually eroding away to nothing as bitcoins are lost.
It's funny people hate central planning unless an anonymous, possibly japanese person does it.
There is no market mechanism to increase or decrease the supply of bitcoin, it is on a fixed schedule created by one man based on a guess that later proved to be wrong, that will only have minor variations within the 2 week difficulty adjustment window.
@_date: 2018-02-03 17:05:37
The people who bought in at &lt;$1,000 are telling people who bought in at &gt;$10,000 to hold?
Must be all those years of experience, can't think of any other reason they'd be doing that.
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:28:31


How did you decide 0.005BTC was the right amount to pay for a haircut? Why not 0.001, or 0.01?
1btc = 1btc after all. It never changes, its always worth the same amount of bitcoin, so prices should never change, right?
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:23:43
How would you cash a foreign check using bitcoin and not banks?
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:38:41
A small number of highly influential mining groups have a vested interest in making changes to bitcoin to the benefit of themselves at the expense of everyone else?
Or the 51% hashing power vulnerability.
Or quantum computing. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 22:58:50


Western Union charges $15-25 per transaction. Ask yourself why they're still in business if its possible to use bitcoin to pay remittances at $&gt;5.
And its not because people from developing nations are too slow and uneducated. Nigerians have been sending scam emails since the 90s. It doesn't take them 9 years to realize a $1 remittance fee is less $15. 
Bitcoin is seeing basically no use for remittances, which is why Western Union are doing better business now than 9 years ago when bitcoin first came out.
The mean bitcoin fee is $2.50. The median is $0.50. And this is during a time of very low demand for blockspace. This is much worse than even something like paypal, which can do $0.05 + 5%.
Not true. A greater percentage of bitcoins have been seized than almost any other legal asset. Over 1 million bitcoins, 1 in 17 in existence.
@_date: 2017-10-18 14:27:22


I'm directly quoting things you've said and replying to them with detailed answers, not making any personal attacks or character arguments.
If you think I'm ignoring the thread of your comment, then tell me what it is and how I've got it wrong. I can't know what you think the thread of your argument is I can only assume it on what it seems to be to me. 
I think all of my points where relevant to the question of whether bitcoin could replace centralized banking, and your suggestion of using a VISA style system still requires centralized banking and an intermediate currency.
You're the one who is not replying to the substance of my reply but instead claiming I'm "desperate to be right", even though I've shown no unwillingness to discuss points and its you who is unwilling to discuss the points raised. I suspect this is because you don't have good answers to the points I've raised.
@_date: 2018-02-10 21:28:29


"It is agreed that hoarding money, whether in cash or in idle balances, is deflationary in its effects. No one thinks that deflation is in itself desirable."
 Friedrich Hayek
@_date: 2018-02-09 15:28:41


In which case you should be honest that you're treating it like a speculative asset and not say the price doesn't matter.
It's not that you don't think the price doesn't matter, its that you think in the long term the price will go up so the price now doesn't matter.
Talking with confidence about what Bitcoin IS going to be worth isn't sensible either, if you are going to speculate. If you're not accepting the possibility that bitcoin gets replaced by a competitor and goes to 0 at some point in the future then you aren't gambling with open eyes.
@_date: 2018-02-13 22:31:54


you mean 680 people using Mainnet against the express wishes of Lightning devs who say its not ready, people shouldn't be using it and people trying to use Lightning are only slowing down development and causing issues with back compatibility?
You must understand Lightning really well to know better than the people developing it.


Why would they commit to any of them given that none of them have yet shown they can scale to handle the necessary amount of traffic? What do you think it even means to commit to a technology that isn't ready and might never be ready?
ebay does 10 million transactions a day. No cryptocurrency has shown they can handle anything close to that number whilst keeping fees reasonable. Ethereum is the only coin to come anywhere close, handling 1 million transactions per day but fees went up to $4 a transaction, which is already too much for the vast majority of ebay transactions.


I bet you love reducing every issue to a simple black and white "us vs them" analogy because anything else is too complicated for you.
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:41:26


Bitcoin isn't blockchain anymore than AltaVista was search engines or Myspace was social media.
"social media isn't going away" would not save you from the massive tanking in Myspaces valuation once it was replaced by Facebook.
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:23:20
It's fucking stupid.
1 Franc = 1 Franc. Try buying someone with a French Franc in France and see how well it goes.
Currency is only worth what someone is willing to give you for it. It being worth 1 of itself is irrelevant. If bitcoin goes from being worth $20,000 to $6,000 then it can only buy a little more than a quarter of what it could previously buy.
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:23:31
So how is Lightning going to stop people from hoarding bitcoin?
Fees and transaction times were already low a couple years back and everyone was still hoarding. you can make spending completely frictionless and it doesn't mean its not more profitable to hoard than to spend.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:42:35


You're confusing transfer of currency with confirmation of transaction.
Speed of transaction confirmation is all that matters for retailers. They can handle money taking a month to move into their account, but they can't 10 minutes to see if the payment for someone's coffee went through, let alone hours.
They need a system where someone can walk into their store, hand over a card or piece of paper and walk out seconds later and know that the payment went through.
@_date: 2018-02-14 19:04:22
all the graph shows is that there were lots of transactions and now there aren't, how does that prove where they came from?
how do you know its just not lots of people were trading bitcoin when the price was soaring and now the price has collapsed people aren't buying or selling as much?
@_date: 2018-07-05 14:34:21


Well is inflation a good or a bad thing?
If its bad why do you want bitcoin to only stop being inflationary after you're dead? 
And if its good, why do you want it to stop in 122 years?
The definition of inflation/deflation that is just whether the supply of currency is going up or down is not a useful one. The purchasing power of a currency isn't just down to whether supply is increasing or decreasing, its a dynamic relationship between quantity, velocity and amount of goods and services being produced and traded.


Did you read my previous response? Would you care to highlight some part of the explanation you didn't find convincing?
People were resorting to barter just a couple years into the Great Depression. It wasn't because of a lack of goods and services to trade, you can't barter without goods and services. It was because a deflationary spiral rapidly decreased the amount of circulating currency so that people with goods and services to trade were forced to directly trade rather than use a currency because people didn't want to give up a deflationary currency as payment if they could give up something else. Sound familiar?
The claim that people won't hoard a deflationary currency because they "still need food" does not line up with either the evidence from Bitcoin or the evidence from when the dollar was deflationary during the Great Depression. The fact people still want food does not mean money won't be hoarded because most money isn't spent on food, and there is nothing stopping someone for bartering for food instead of paying in currency.
People didn't "just die all together", but there was mass unemployment and malnutrition even despite people resorting to barter.
@_date: 2018-02-18 23:17:46


You can examine this by looking at the price of things that don't change in supply, like land.
Do you think land prices have doubled in the last 8 years?
@_date: 2018-03-03 14:15:14
you can insider trade on fraud btw
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:15:49


I think this idea of "spend and replenish" really needs to be put under more scrutiny. 
When they are "spending" bitcoins, they are not actually seeking to reduce the amount of bitcoins they hold in order to increase the amount of something else they value (which is the only reason to spend currency, when you believe what you are buying is worth more to you than the currency you hold)
In reality they want to keep exactly the same amount of coins, but have less fiat and more of whatever they're buying.
But on some level people realize that if bitcoin is meant to be valuable because its a medium of exchange, and everyone just hoards it instead of exchanging it, how is it meant to be value?
In order to reconcile this people need to engage in an artful piece of self-deception, that they can have their cake and eat it too. Enter "spend and replace", where somehow we can get the best of both worlds, both using bitcoin as a currency and profiting from holding it and not using it.
This is just a way of obfuscating the desire to spend fiat as currency and hold bitcoin as a speculative asset. 
There is a fundamental difference between this and using it as a currency. This will not build any sustainable demand for bitcoin as a currency, but is instead a side-effect of speculative demand that helps further speculation by creating the appearance of underlying demand. nothing fundamentally different is happening here than just buying bitcoin back off the person you sold it to, except both parties have a perverse incentive to engage in the pretense that bitcoin is the medium of exchange and not fiat.
The buyer gets rid of his fiat and regains his bitcoin, and the seller trades his bitcoin for the fiat that the goods were priced in, even though they could have just directly traded fiat with each other with less effort and fees. 
@_date: 2018-07-10 10:18:43


No its not. Almost every commodity currency in history was decentralized. Currencies existed before any centralized authorities existed to create centralized currency.
Salt and Shells were two of the most popular commodity currencies in history and all you needed was access to a beach and you could become a "miner" doing "proof of work". The word "salary" actually comes from the word salt because it was such a common method of paying wages. Salt was a more popular currency than gold at certain points in time.
@_date: 2018-03-15 21:32:32


I think this paragraph hits at the root disagreement we have on the premise of how wealth works. We are both using correct logic but we start from different premises so that logic points in different directions that partially align which is why we seem to clearly agree on some points yet come to radically different conclusions. I spent a lot of time rewriting this to try to be clear as possible so please read to the end before replying since there are some early points I won't clarify til later for readabilities sake:
It's entirely true that increasing the amount of money wouldn't increase the resources available to generate wealth. However its not true that money somehow represents a fixed amount of resources that can only be allocated in a zero sum manner (i.e. money can either be invested in one thing generating 4% profit, or in another thing generating 5% profit). If this zero-sum premise was true then everything you've said so far would be true.
Money is simply trade tokens, and there is no finite limit on the number of possible trades, and even more fundamentally *there is no practical finite limit on the amount of wealth that can be produced* (at least we are thousands of years from hitting it). Once money is traded it is not somehow locked to resources that it helped move, it can then be used to make any number of other trades.
If a trade generates wealth then we want the as many wealth generating trades possible (i.e. [high velocity]( It doesn't matter if you have 1000 trades in one day at 1% wealth generating efficiency, or 1 trade at 100%, its total wealth generated that matters which is why you can't use profitability as a measure for wealth generation. It is an unwarranted assumption that high profit margins are a sign of efficiency. the most efficient markets often have the lowest profit margins because competition drives prices down to the cost of production, meaning it is costing the least resources to produce the same amount of wealth. Less efficient businesses can't survive on low margins. If management takes 5% and the margin of the industry is 1% you can't compete with such an inefficient management.
 
the limit is when diminishing returns hit negative (i.e. a trade wastes more wealth than it generates, actually losing money), not simply when it is less profitable than average. The profit mechanism already punishes this, there's no need for an additional monetary mechanism. We can still increase the total amount of wealth by adding more wealth generation right up until it hits 0%. Adding 1 additional wealth generating trade even at a tiny profit is still increasing total amount of wealth, unless you're operating on a zero-sum premise (which I will attempt to disprove now):
The only way wealth generation could be zero sum - that generating wealth at a lower rate would have to come at the expense of generating wealth at a higher rate - is if all factors of production were 100% in use.
But we aren't even close to that, which is why I brought up the marginal farmland example. There are millions of acres of land not being used for any economic production, there are millions of unemployed people. All this is untapped wealth generating potential that comes at no cost. It is only adding to the total sum of wealth. Only if all land were being used would it be possible for someone using land at a lower efficiency to be blocking someone from using it at a higher efficiency, at which point to have a functional market we would need some mechanism to prevent inefficient blocking (deflation would not be it but that's an issue for another time).
There are many forms of wealth you don't even need land to generate. A man who goes around fixing broken radios at 1% efficiency is not somehow blocking anyone else from fixing them at 2% efficiency. The only factor of production is his own labor. If it becomes more profitable for him to do nothing, it does not somehow generate any wealth, and if he is increasing his share of wealth without generating wealth then that is by definition rent-seeking.
Since you've already acknowledged that just sitting on money doesn't generate wealth, then it can't be possible that someone can go from generating wealth, to not generating wealth, and somehow be increasing the total amount of wealth output unless you believe the only way to make wealth blocks someone else from making wealth more efficiently.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:31:18
"earn" is perhaps a strong word for speculating on an asset bubble.
@_date: 2017-10-03 13:08:31


Why would they start using it as a currency when they bought it not to use as currency but to hoard it as a speculative asset? Bitcoin isn't pushing any other currencies out of existence because its use as a currency isn't increasing, only the number of people speculating on it. Bitcoin has been getting less functional as a currency, not more, because of scaling issues (and price volatility discouraging anyone from actually spending it).
If bitcoin stops increasing in value, why wouldn't they just cash out (which was their dream in the first place), and then invest in new speculative assets? Course that dream rapidly becomes a nightmare when everyone who invested gets the same idea at the same time, and they realize that when 90% of bitcoin holders are all trying to sell at the same time, there isn't enough demand to satisfy that supply, so people start offering to sell to less which ends up in a race to the bottom, which is what a crash looks like.
A small number might be able to sell at peak price but the vast majority will never be able to. All the value due to speculation (which is most of it) will evaporate overnight when people no longer believe it will keep increasing in value and start believing it will keep decreasing. The same communal belief that spawns bubbles is the same as what bursts them.
People who believe that the value of bitcoin is just going to either A) go up indefinitely or B) go up and then level off permanently are ignoring the incontrovertible evidence that the vast majority of people buying the currency are not buying it to use as currency but because they believe they're some wolf of wall street who's going to be able to turn their $4,000 into $100,000 with no effort and no risk.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:34:18


So are lots of cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin was open source so lots of people used it as a base for their code.


Which is it? Is Litecoin basically bitcoin or does no other coin have the qualities of bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:29:41


How would that happen?
People buy bitcoin in dollars (or other fiat currencies). Buying bitcoins in dollars, then using a card that sells bitcoins back into dollars seems pretty pointless.
All these ideas about bitcoin replacing dollars ignores the fact that most people are only interested in bitcoin because they think if will make them more dollars (or other fiat currencies).
Most people aren't interested in bitcoin because they want to use it as a currency, they're interested in Bitcoin because they think its a way to turn $1,000 into $100,000 with no effort.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:47:09


Every currency is worth 1 of itself. that doesn't matter if 1 of it is worthless.
What matters is how much goods and services its worth. Do you think 1 BTC can buy you as many graphics cards as it could last month or are you just trolling?


@_date: 2018-03-07 19:14:16
Solution to what, rampant USD deflaton?
If USD is too deflationary for Zimbabwe why would you think BTC is inflationary enough? Not to mention half of Zimbabwe still doesn't have internet so they need physical currency.
What they need is a currency that is less inflationary than Zimbabwe dollars but not as deflationary as USD, but they're not going to get one so long as their government is run by corrupt officials who are just looking to line their pockets at the expense of the economy.
@_date: 2018-02-07 20:07:08


That's not what I'm saying. You've misread my comment if you think that's what I'm saying. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 18:03:27


An audit from who? The company that they hired to audit them and then got rid of because of "excruciatingly detailed procedures"?


@_date: 2018-03-02 18:05:53
BetaMax is FUD. No tape format can ever imitate or iterate the superior first mover advantage of the 2-Inch Quadruplex. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 22:39:04


Is consistently paying higher fees than you need to get transactions confirmed smart?
People were and are still doing that for months, major exchanges even. I'm confused at where you got the idea everyone in the market has to act rationally.
There are major exchanges still not batching transactions or using SegWit. There's a lot of sloppy practice. No need to assume malice when stupidity/incompetence/apathy will do.


That very link says "useless transactons". How do you know the transactions are useless unless you know what they were for? If you can show me that these transactions are just one guy sending bitcoin to himself for no reason that's obvious proof of spam.
It also says 


which contradicts the idea there's some advantage to be gained by maliciously flooding the system. 


There's plenty of "inorganic" transactions, buy walls, sell walls, pump and dumps, arb bots.
Tether regularly goes above $1 because of the activity of bots. Does that make any sense? Paying more than a dollar for something that is literally pegged to never be worth more than a dollar?


you haven't provided any data or information more than I had at the start. I asked for proof that these high volume low fee transactions were spam and all you've provided is proof is to say "look at all these high volume low fee transactions, they must be spam, you must be a troll if you don't think its spam", which is just repeating the same information I already have, claiming it must be spam and calling that evidence.
@_date: 2018-07-09 17:15:28


There was an attack in 2010 which added 184.4 billion bitcoins to the ledger.
Fortunately Bitcoin isn't immutable so they just undid it and managed to remove all but 0.5 BTC of it.


So you can't imagine a world where a new technology or software makes Bitcoin obsolete?
99.99% of stores don't accept bitcoin. Why would you think they possibly have the network effects to be immune from competition forever?
@_date: 2017-09-28 14:44:51


Why wouldn't they just use other more stable currencies that have more widespread usage? 
Which is what they do. Zimbabwe just use US dollars now.
US dollars are far more stable than bitcoin and accepted by far more merchants and have high velocity of money which makes them superior to bitcoin as a currency in almost every way. Not to mention its far more practical for an illiterate subsistence farmer in zimbabwe to just trade pieces of paper and metal than to try and set up a bitcoin wallet.
Bitcoin was designed not to be stable, it was designed to deflate, and deflationary currencies can't work in a system that also has inflationary currency because people will just spend the inflationary currency and hoard the deflationary one.
Gold for all intents and purposes has ceased being a functional currency because why buy something in gold (which will be worth more next year) when you can buy something in dollars (which will be worth less next year). However unlike gold, there is no hard limit on cryptocurrencies. It's practically impossible for gold to become worth nothing because it has unique industrial uses, is irreplaceable and practically impossible to make from scratch without ridiculous amounts of energy and resources.
You can make an identical copy of bitcoin for almost nothing. It's only value outside of speculation on artificial scarcity is how useful it is as a currency, and its value as a speculative asset directly opposes its value as a functional currency.  It's coasting mainly on being first to market. There is nothing to stop a more stable cryptocurrency from replacing it as a means of exchange. And when it ceases to be used as currency it will ceases to have any speculative value.
@_date: 2018-03-17 12:44:42
1 in 16 bitcoins in existence have been seized by governments, its one of the most seized assets in existence, and that isn't including the ones stolen in hacks.
This is not "why they hate it".
@_date: 2018-03-05 15:54:24


Not anymore. gold became too deflationary to use as currency. Why spend gold (which goes up in value) when you can spend fiat (which doesn't)? It's better to just hoard gold and spend fiat, which is exactly what happened, and what is happening to bitcoin.


Price is set by supply and demand not "real value".
You expect demand for bitcoin to keep growing and supply to keep halving, yet price will somehow level off?
The price is only getting more volatile as demand and supply grow further apart. The only way bitcoins price can stabilize if demand starts shrinking at the same rate as supply.
@_date: 2018-03-01 19:32:18


M-Pesa is the best counter-argument to this.
M-Pesa only launched 1 year before bitcoin did, yet it has risen to account for nearly 50% of all banking in Kenya, as well as banking millions of other previously unbanked people around the world.
There is demand for banking services for people that aren't served by traditional banking, and in 9 years Bitcoin has failed to gain any significant traction in that market.
Remittances are the same. Western Union is doing better business now than when bitcoin was launched. 
blockbuster was not doing better 9 years after netflix, the music industry wasn't doing better 9 years after napster, nokia wasn't doing better 9 years after the iPhone.
For those who aren't interested in defending bitcoin at all cost, this should raise serious questions about the fundamental suitability, that can't be simply dismissed as growing pains.
When something is supposed to work a certain way, and fix a certain problem, and doesn't do that after a decade, its time to question what its really about.
Blind faith that the very first cryptocurrency is fundamentally unbeatable will not fix problems or lead to innovation.
@_date: 2018-03-15 22:47:27
Bitcoin dropped 4% almost immediately after Google announced they were banning crypto ads.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:39:54
The OP just says what the level of global debt is, it doesn't say what percentage is good or bad debt.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:02:40
That's not my understanding of what happened.
My understanding is that since BitPay were passing on fees from blockchain transactions, the price in "bitcoin" was so high that no one was buying any games using bitpay so there was no point having it.
People weren't directly sending bitcoin to Steam, but using Bitpay, which transfers over standard fiat interchange and so is not directly limited by blockchain transactions. Volatility would only be a side issue since valve could just accept the price they offered in bitcoin. Since they didn't want to take a loss when the price of bitcoin dropped they instead chose to ask for more funds to get the USD equivalent. It wasn't an issue of transactions being stuck.
This is the statement released by Valve:


@_date: 2018-03-21 14:36:51


No, but you have to have a chain of open channels to every person you want to transact with, and sufficient liquidity within those channels to facilitate the transfer of funds. And you need to be able to amortize enough transaction costs during the lifespan of the channel to both justify the on-chain fees and the opportunity cost of locking money to the network.
you won't just be able to open a channel to a friend and then have access to the entire network forever. Unless your friends name is Amazon or Coinbase. that idea is based on a fantasy of unlimited liquidity and uptime, and no one ever wanting to close channels to withdraw funds. 
What is the use case going to be for committing sufficient liquidity to the network on a decentralized basis going to be? You don't need to open a lightning channel to buy an "I love bitcoin" tshirt off a company you're never going to buy anything off again. The only reason to open a channel is to amortize the cost of regular trade, and the only use cases for that are trade hubs like Amazon, eBay etc.
Lightning can either be efficient and have high levels of centralization or be inefficient with low levels of centralization. You can't have both, you can just trade one form of inefficiency for another (either low redundancy with low connectivity/reliability or high reliability but high redundancy and higher costs).
Centralization is inherently efficient, hub and spoke is the most efficient way of maximizing the connectivity, reliability and liquidity of the network with the least amount of channel opening and closing.


There's not no fees. There's the blockchain fees which are amortized over the number of trades (which means if you make less than 2 trades on a channel before closing it there's no point in opening it), and then there are node fees, which are only negligible now because the network is less than 1000 enthusiasts who didn't spend any money specifically to operate a Lightning node. If you actually want someone to run a large server with 99.9999% uptime and put money into security to stop peoples funds being stolen they're not going to be able to fund that on 1 satoshi a transaction.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:53:45


Tell that to literally any country that's had its national currency collapse.


If you think an unstable currency will make a unstable economy better you're going to have a bad time.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:22:24


The minimum wage is $2 a month.
Last month the median transaction fee for Bitcoin hit $2.10. Yesterday it was 10 cents. Even if it stayed at 10 cents (which is abnormally low), it would cost a days minimum wage to make a single bitcoin transaction.
How do you think the people of Venezuela could possibly start using bitcoin as a currency, given that if 30 million people all started using Bitcoin at once the on chain fees would go a lot higher than $2.10
@_date: 2017-10-02 21:00:14
I take it you don't have any serious response to the issues I've raised then?
Don't forget to tell me how you'll be laughing from your lambo when bitcoin hits $1,000,000, and say "price discovery" a lot like its an explanation to everything, that works better than any detailed economic argument.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:50:28


It's almost as if distributing out the vast majority of a currency there will ever be to a tiny number of people when hardly anyone is using it gives that tiny number of people a disproportionate amount of power to manipulate the currency and if you want to avoid currency hoarding you actually have to increase supply to match demand instead of exponentially decreasing it out of some speculators fever dream that exponentially decreasing supply will exponentially increase price.
@_date: 2018-02-18 22:10:33


Houses don't cost double what they did 8 years ago, gold doesn't, food doesn't, electricity doesn't, cars don't, air travel doesn't, in fact I can't think of anything that is double the cost it was 8 years ago.
@_date: 2018-02-09 16:10:11
How much of NASA's funding comes from SpaceX and how much does SpaceX's funding come from NASA?
@_date: 2018-07-03 21:14:57
If you can't answer the question then you're not doing anything to reduce the spread of misinformation.
There are at least 8,512 channels on the network and I can look at any one of them and see how much funds there are on each channel. The fact its not possible to get a completely exhaustive list of every node in the world doesn't mean I can't get data any channel I can actually see on the network.
Do you think you can do that with Swiss bank accounts?
@_date: 2018-02-09 13:38:23
What are you talking about?
There's been a huge drop in the stock market and Bitcoins price is far lower than it was 2 months ago. No one is flocking to Bitcoin as a safe haven.
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:22:08


This is what you signed up for when you wanted a currency that would distribute 80% of the coins there will ever be when only a handful of people are using it, and to exponentially decrease supply.
Now people will have to pay greater and greater amounts for smaller and smaller amounts of bitcoin. This is the deflationists dream.


His job is to make sure people who got robbed in Mt Gox got robbed. The market was tanking when he sold. He had no way of predicting how low the price would go. If he hadn't sold and the price dropped so low that he could no longer afford to pay back the people who were robbed he would have completely failed at his job.
@_date: 2018-03-24 18:29:52
Do you have a source for that? I tried googling Addison Wiggin, The Daily Reckoning, bill Bonner and fiat and nothing came up about thousands of fiat currencies becoming worthless.
I find it hard to believe there are even 600 currencies in the first letter and a half of the alphabet, let alone that they were all fiat and all went to zero.
@_date: 2018-03-27 20:16:42
Those bills will also require those states to convert to USD within I think 24 or 48 hours, if they pass.
That makes it pretty much a gimmick. Whether they let people pay in Bitcoin that they immediately convert to USD, or people have to convert their Bitcoin to USD then pay, the net result is the same.
Those bills only started as gimmicks to try and increase tax revenue by attracting people with bitcoin.
It's not really solving a problem. They have to pay more fees than if they just required USD, but they figure they will make more money from attracting taxpayers than the small amount in fees.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:37:18
This is basically what triggered the Great Depression (although there were lots of other factors that contributed).
The dollar was on the gold standard, which limited the ability of the federal reserve to supply dollars (since they needed new gold to print new dollars).
Deflation meant prices kept going down, which meant people stopped spending as much money on goods and services because they realized that money would be worth more next week than today, which meant companies started going out of business, which meant people started losing their jobs, which meant even less money for goods and services, and so the vicious cycle continued.
Banks also didn't have enough money to keep issuing loans, so industries and assets that relied on loans started crashing as well.
Tl:dr - Banks running out of money is a really fucking bad idea, runaway deflation is as dangerous as runaway inflation.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:42:27
Also worth pointing out that Japan has only had slight deflation (typically than 2%) and its still crippling growth.
The kind of hyper-deflation going on with bitcoin would collapse any economy that had to rely on it as its main currency.
@_date: 2018-02-18 15:08:51
you can run a fractional reserve on anything so long as its legal, and there are no regulations saying you can't run a fractional reserve on bitcoin.
there are exchanges that have already ran a fractional reserve, although they weren't being honest and were just lying about how many bitcoin they had.
@_date: 2018-07-04 12:51:36


That doesn't contradict what I just said.
I said any business you do business with (i.e. send money to) is going to be able to identify which node it came from, and if you are supposed to use LN like a bank account (as people are suggesting), then that means the business you just did business with knows exactly how much money you have in your bank account.
Of course you could make a new channel/node for every transaction you make on lightning but that defeats the point, you might as well just trade on blockchain.
@_date: 2018-07-14 20:23:26


"He would also tell you velocity does not cause inflation"
Anyone with a passing, wikipedia page level familiarity with Monetarism would know this is false. Velocity being an independent variable that contributed to inflation/deflation and not simply being a passive property of quantity was one of the fundamental disagreements Friedman had with Keynes and the Austrian school.
I'm not sure who you're trying to convince just by making things up that it would take 30 seconds on google to find out is not true. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 16:21:50
Starbucks don't accept bitcoin though, and aren't likely to if it takes 4 hours to process a transaction.
@_date: 2018-07-02 15:11:49
I explicitly acknowledge that banks derive income from loaning deposits in my last two posts.
How can you not get from context that I'm not talking about whether they get income from loaning deposits out but whether they actually make money from those accounts vs lose money?
@_date: 2018-03-22 12:08:35
Lightning is not specific to Bitcoin, it has been made to work with Litecoin and could work with basically any coin working off the same code base, although dev teams are mainly focusing on bitcoin since its the most popular coin with the greatest need to amortize transaction costs.
I never actually said Lightning couldn't work, I'm simply pointing out how much more efficient hub and spoke is compared to less centralized network models, especially given the limitations having finite liquidity imposes on such a system. Hub and spoke maximizes the connectivity, reliability and liquidity you can get with the smallest number of possible channels open.  
That you can only see these points about Lightning as part of some petty dispute between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash (which doesn't interest me in the slightest) says more about the destructive tribalism of those communities than the technology itself.
Although people who don't want to talk about what the use case for Lightning is going to be and instead attempt to shut down any discussion of Lightning other than making vague claims about how its going to be a panacea for all of Bitcoins problems doesn't inspire hope for the project.
@_date: 2018-03-26 13:50:10
Does batching means that of the 490k daily transactions that happened in december, 355k were just exchanges inefficiently trading?
What percentage of the remaining 135k daily transactions are still exchanges, and what % is people actually using bitcoin to buy and sell goods and services instead of just trading them on exchanges?
@_date: 2018-03-15 23:03:26


Then why do it? Any system could fit the criteria of "having fixed rules". What's the underlying principle at work that means it should halve at this rate and not that rate?
Satoshi set it to every 210,000 blocks because he didn't understand economics and thought that the supply schedule would make BTC roughly equivalent to USD and EUR in unit value.
Other people seem to be operating on some basic "the scarcer something is the more valuable it is" principle, in which case then the obvious answer is to make it as scarce as humanly possible (which obviously falls apart because people on some level know it won't make it more valuable, so stick to an arbitrary schedule like "halve every 210,000 blocks" because being specific makes it seem more legit even if its totally arbitrary).


Sorry I had a typo that wrecked readability.
I meant you could program a protocol that would mean bitcoins would self-destruct in half, so that not only would supply rate eventually hit zero, but it would start exponentially decreasing. i.e. you have 1 bitcoin, then the next 210,000 blocks it turns into 0.5 bitcoin, then 0.25 etc etc.
It's a rhetorical question aimed to get people to think why scarcity helps a currency.
@_date: 2019-09-21 13:37:39


Price is a result of supply and demand, which in turn are the result of thousands of different factors.
Merchant adoption, trade volume, changes in the regulatory environment, changes in the overall economy, volume of fraud and wash trading, level of media attention, changes in security, level of competition, speed of innovation are all factors much more relevant factors than simply what the price was in the past, none of which you can get meaningful information on just by looking at a single number that is the result of thousands of different causes.
Saying you can predict future price based on previous price is like saying you can predict future temperature based on previous temperature. To actually predict the temperature accurately you need to gather data on all the different factors that affect the weather, wind speeds, solar activity, humidity, cloud cover, urban heat island effect, green house gas emissions.
Even with with thousands of different data points being collected at all times we can only reliably predict the future temperature a week or two in advance, and there are far more factors involved in the economy than there are in the weather.
The only way you could predict the future temperature by looking only at previous temperature is if the only cause of temperature was previous temperature.


Here's a study that shows psychics can predict the future better than chance:
Turns out its bullshit, because its ridiculously easy to rig a study to give you the outcome you want.
"studies show" is irrelevant, what matters is the quality of the evidence in those studies and there is no quality evidence showing TA works, for rather obvious reasons if you sit and think about it for 5 minutes.
Hedge funds have billions of dollars to spend on quants and computer scientists and on average they all fail to beat the market over the long term. If companies that can afford to have a team of some of the smartest in the world can't beat random chance, the idea some nobody looking for spurious correlations based on ridiculously simple math can do the job is absurd. You might as well believe that some local mom has developed a secret doctors HATE.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:50:05
"hey, if something you've invested in drops in price, just buy more of it and that will go back up"
Fuck that is genius, why has no one thought of this before?
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:32:59
"blockchains" would have taken up less space than "'BTC' blockchains", and would have been less misleading.
@_date: 2018-02-15 14:23:42


Is SegWit not good enough for Bitcoin?
Why are people still struggling to implement it years after it was first suggested, years after other coins have implemented it fully?
Seems hard to argue it as a conscious beneficial decision rather than a problem of inertia and the bitcoin ecosystem being disunited.
regardless of whether being slow was actually better there would still be people spinning slow development as a positive thing because of personal attachment. Without evidence other coins are suffering from developing too fast I'm not inclined to believe it.


You say that as if there are legion coins that have collapsed from the unpredictability of implementing solutions faster.
Satoshi himself said he expected hard forks to be necessary. The idea crypto must develop by very slowly changing things so the latest software must always be compatible with earlier versions is not written in stone. That's one of the design ethics that crippled Windows and Internet Explorers development. They didn't want to introduce features that would break backwards compatibility so new software companies that weren't tied to outdated software were free to innovative faster.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:48:46


If you're not spending bitcoin because you want to profit from price increases then Lightning doesn't change that.
Unless you think Lightning is going to stop price from increasing.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:47:12
It's a common misconception because "deflation" makes it seem like its becoming worth less, but its about the relative supply and demand of money to wealth.
If's the amount of money that is deflating, not its value. It's value is increasing because its becoming more scarce.
When you have less dollars for the same amount of wealth (houses, steel, soybeans, etc), if you divide the amount of wealth by the number of dollars, each dollar now represents a great amount of wealth.
Monetary deflation can happen one of two ways. Either the amount of money stays the same whilst the amount of wealth increases, or the amount of wealth stays the same whilst the amount of money decreases.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:50:09
I mean there's very little skill involved other than basic understanding of which monopolies are most valuable. It's nearly entirely luck based and once someone is ahead its very difficult for anyone else to get back in the game which are both bad dynamics for an enjoyable game.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:01:38
The issue isn't what deflation does to the nominal value (you can just keep issuing smaller fractions), the issue is what it does to the incentives to spend currency and the ability to hold debt.
No one is going to want to get a $100,000 mortgage in bitcoin if in 10 years that mortgage is now worth $1,000,000, and the monthly repayments are now $10,000 a month.
Inflationary currencies work well because they encourage people to spend money, rather than hoard it, and they degrade the cost of debt over time.
Debt is fantastically valuable when used properly and not abused in rent-seeking and speculation.
For example, saving for 40 years and then building a factory with the money creates a lot less value than getting a 40 year mortgage to build a factory and then paying off the mortgage with the wealth the factory produces.
People say "well bitcoin will just become a store of wealth, like gold!", but what's the point of gold? Gold at least has other industrial uses that set some floor on how much that store of wealth could be devalued by. Bitcoin has no such floor, it could easily be replaced by any one of a dozen competing cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2017-10-31 15:11:29
It was designed to make people hate landlords by showing how unfair it is when someone gets first dibs to buy up all the available land and then charge people for being on that land even if they never had a chance to buy it in the first place, and even though everyone needs land to live on.
It's meant to show how property speculation is a zero sum game that simply moves wealth from one pocket to another.
Also people play bullshit house rules that keep the game going for hours and hours.
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:00:00


You need to re-read my post because I never said that couldn't happen. 


How has anything I've said = "real wealth of society can't increase"? 


Neither of these things are true. 
Firstly, the M1 supply of bitcoin is increasing daily and will do for the next 122 years, so M is constantly increasing and if MV rises faster than Q you will have inflation. Q is also dropping for bitcoin because fewer and fewer people are spending it on goods and services.
Secondly, even if the M1 supply was fixed, you can still increase the money supply with debt and fractional reserves. Any time someone borrows Bitcoin they are increasing the money supply of bitcoin, because you have the bitcoin borrowed plus the debt which can be used as payment. There are already loans and derivatives increasing money supply above M1.
Thirdly, if V was "self regulating and irrelevant" it wouldn't be part of the formula. The velocity of Bitcoin has dropped dramatically in the last 6 months. It's simply not true that its "self regulating".
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:38:48
I didn't say its not a currency, I said you're not using it as a currency unless you're actually buying goods and services with bitcoin. Which is not what you said you're doing. you're taking dollars then you're putting them in bitcoin then you're getting someone to convert them back into dollars every time you want to buy something.
No one you've bought things off with that card has ever received bitcoins. so you're not paying in bitcoin. so you're not using it as a currency.
Can you not tell the difference between this and directly paying in bitcoin?
The whole reason you have to use a debit card is because you can't just directly pay in bitcoins because merchants won't accept them, they'll only accept dollars, so you need a 3rd party who'll exchange bitcoins to dollars for you.
by your definition everything is a currency because you can exchange it for dollars and then use dollars to buy stuff.
If the only way you can trade bitcoins with someone is by selling them for dollars first you're not actually using bitcoin as a currency, you're just using it like a store of wealth like gold, which used to be used as currency but isn't anymore.
@_date: 2018-02-17 17:27:03
Inflation moves value away from currency holders and deflation moves it towards them.
Increasing or decreasing the number of tokens does not generate wealth in itself, any gains you're making from inflation/deflation are not a result of increased/decreased wealth but are a side effect of manipulation of the currency supply.
If you oppose inflation it makes no sense to support deflation.
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:10:17
Does that mean someone selling 10bn of bitcoin would halve the market cap?
If so why don't some of the people with billions combined in bitcoin short bitcoin, then flood the market then buy up even more with the profit they made from the short?
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:57:13


Yes, mints definitely don't exist. All notes and coins are created by loans that you have to pay interest on.


You realize once a dollar exists it can be exchanged back and forth thousands of times right? It doesn't disappear once its been used to pay a debt.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:55:35


Why is every post that hits the front page from r/bitcoin about how much money is being made instead of how many people are being helped?
Daily transactions haven't increased in the past year despite a 5x increase in value. That's not "investment", its just lots of money being pumped into an artificially scarce asset.
People buying up millions of dollars worth of bitcoins, not to use as currency, but to speculate on, does not help anyone, it simply makes the price unstable and discourages anyone from actually using it as currency because why would people spend it as currency when its increasing in value so much?


Remember how lots of those companies ended up being worth nothing because people were just throwing money at them without them having any workable business model?
@_date: 2018-02-08 15:21:30


M-Pesa is only 11 years old and is used by nearly half of Kenya and by millions of other unbanked peoples around the world. It didn't require hyper-deflation of phone credit for that to happen. It didn't require millions of people to be speculating on M-Pesa for years before ever using it.
@_date: 2018-03-07 15:54:19


You could work this out by seeing how much goods and services both bitcoin and fiat can buy.
1 of a currency is always worth 1 of itself. What matters is how much in goods and services can buy.
Do you honestly think its not bitcoin that is volatile, but fiat?
How do you think the price of a house has changed in bitcoin vs fiat in the last 6 months?


All currency is a token that represents goods and services. Why would you want a token that only represents part of one particular asset instead of a token that represents a percentage all tradable goods and services in the economy?
@_date: 2018-07-12 22:42:48


How would that not cause a catastrophic deflationary spiral?
Every asset in society would be losing 4-10% of its value a year relative to currency and there would be no point in investing in any business, asset or product that returned less than 4-10% a year when holding currency would be less risk and less effort for the same reward.
Faced with investing in a factory worth $1,000,000 that returns 9% a year and just sitting on $1,000,000 in cash that returns 10%, there is no reason to invest in the factory, especially since the factory will lose $100,000 of its value in the first year, and running a factory actually takes time, skill and effort whereas sitting on money takes none.
Shares in any company that returned less than 4-10% a year would immediately be sold. The ability for companies to finance production of wealth would be crippled as no one would be willing to invest in any company that wasn't growing faster than the deflation rate.
Anyone with $1,000,000 or more in the currency would receive $100,000 equivalent per year without having to do anything for it. They could spend $99,000 equivalent per year and still get richer in real terms. Where do you think those gains come from? What happens to the people who don't earn enough to have any cash to save after they've paid for food and rent?
Deflation only hit 10% for less than a year in the Great Depression and it was a fucking nightmare. People were resorting to bartering because so few people wanted to spend currency on anything they didn't have to.
@_date: 2018-02-18 16:14:01
Fewer people are using it. It's not possible to tell the overall distribution of ownership. Most trade is done through exchanges and they don't make their data public. It's fully possible that whales have been buying out more people than have been buying in, but lets say thats not the case.
People owning something does not = adoption of the currency. More people own gold than 1000 years ago, it doesn't mean adoption of gold currency has gone up.
@_date: 2018-02-05 12:08:59
It wasn't an audit. If everything was legit why would they quit before completing it? They hate money?
An audit involves more than simply looking at money in a bank account, you have to find out where it came from. That was also long before Tether added $1,000,000,000+
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:59:05
110bn market cap + 10bn = 340bn market cap
That is math as immutable and verifiable as the bitcoin ledger itself.
@_date: 2018-07-03 12:48:50


By that logic no Bitcoin exchange can rent seek because you can just directly trade P2P and there's nothing they can do to stop you, you can just use a decentralized exchange if you don't like them.
Monopolies and regulatory capture certainly help with rent seeking but they aren't necessary. Some of the simplest financial schemes like a pyramid scheme or a lottery are rent seeking and they don't require any regulation or monopoly to be effective. In fact regulation are what stop those schemes being far more popular.
Rent seeking is more complicated than simply whether there are barriers to entry. Network effects alone can create a huge possibility for rent seeking even in a completely open market because the benefit of network effect is so strong that the cost of switching is higher than the cost of tolerating rent seeking.
@_date: 2018-07-01 19:51:01


People would be starving if it wasn't for food stamps, which are double the minimum wage in value.
If no one is getting paid minimum wage why have they been repeatedly raising the minimum wage?
People might work several low paying jobs, that doesn't mean no one is getting paid minimum wage.
[According to actual investigative journalism, it would take the average person years to save up a few hundred bucks at current wages. A man has to decimate his savings to pay for a $250 operation.](


If they're that poor that the average person needs several job $0.10 is still far too much to spend on a single transaction when cash costs nothing to transact.


Because there are still rich people in Venezuela?
That's like saying if the Democratic Republic of Congo produces billions of dollars of mineral wealth, how can anyone there be poor?
In almost any nation a small percentage of the population will own most of the wealth.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:45:29


If your technology requires "imagination" for someone to find a use for it might struggle to actually compete with currencies and payment options that don't require imagination for people to find uses for them.
"our technology is so useful that you should have to sit down to try and think of ways you could use it and if you can't think of any use for it its because you're not imaginative" said no one ever.


So your imaginative use case for your trustless currency is to trust a lawyer?
Any decent merchant already offers free refunds, they don't give a shit about chargebacks. If you're worried about chargebacks its because you're offering a shitty service that people don't want to pay for.


There's no such thing as trustless escrow. By definition escrow involves a trusted 3rd party.
@_date: 2017-10-27 14:12:31
5 cents off a $6 coffee at Starbucks is not worth waiting an extra 3 hours for, or even an extra 5 minutes.
@_date: 2017-10-16 17:40:46
The US economy would collapse if it had to rely on bitcoin as its main currency.
Bitcoin cannot handle the volume of transactions in the US economy, and even if it could the transaction times make it impossible for most businesses to use.
McDonalds, Walmart, Target, Starbucks cannot wait 10 minutes for your bitcoin transaction to confirm, let alone the hours it would take if everyone in the US suddenly started using bitcoin.
In the extremely unlikely even the USD collapsed people would just switch to another fiat currency which is what always happens when a fiat currency collapses.
The Zimbabwean dollar collapsed recently. Has Zimbabwe moved over to bitcoin? No. They just use dollars and yen and other fiat currencies.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:12:58


Services like BitPay already do this.
Turns out its pointless since you can just pay in USD with lower fees which is why places like Steam stopped accepting it.
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:54:03
It can't stabilize because it has an exponentially decreasing supply curve which makes it inherently hyper-deflationary unless you also decrease demand at the same rate, which for obvious reasons isn't a good growth strategy.
The idea the speculation will keep growing and growing until eventually everyone in the world has bitcoin and then they'll start using it as a currency is fantasy. 
Even if somehow everyone in the world did own bitcoins, it would still not stabilize because the amount of bitcoins will be gradually going down long before then, and the world economy will still be growing.
hyper-deflation kills currencies just as dead as hyper-inflation. The only reason it hasn't already killed bitcoin is because its being used primarily as a speculative asset, not a currency, and the few currency use cases like black markets its just an intermediary for fiat and isn't held for long.
Deflationists have a fantasy that somehow everyone will be "locked in" to using it so that "people will still use deflationary currency because people need food", which is completely ignorant of the historical record of inflation. 
During the Great Depression there was only 33% deflation, and yet people were already [abandoning dollars in favor of barter]( because dollar hoarding was so profitable and no one wanted to give up a dollar if they could give up something else instead.
Barter was incredibly inefficient, which further compounded the destructive effects of deflation, and it also exacerbated unemployment because there's lots of jobs you can't do on a barter system, and it flooded the market with low skill workers who were willing to barter a days work for a days food.
@_date: 2018-02-14 15:42:49


Except state currencies being the most stable, most efficient and most widely accepted currencies on earth.
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:18:28
This is not a great example for how bitcoin is going to overtake debit/credit cards.
Cash is already instant and feeless, does no one use a debit/credit cards IRL because of the fierce competition from cash?
Cards are popular by being more convenient than cash. Bitcoin is neither cheaper than cash nor more convenient than cards.
@_date: 2017-10-13 12:56:22


Except its not flatlined though?
The price has gone up a thousand dollars in the last week. That's an incredible level of volatility. Why would anyone assume its suddenly hit a perfectly stable equilibrium and no longer increase or decrease in value. It might go up another thousands in another week, why would anyone who is convinced bitcoin will be worth 100K decide to sell now?
People are far more likely to buy in during such boom times rather than sell, which further increases demand which further increases gains in price which increases its attractiveness as a get rich quick scheme.


You misunderstood what I was describing then. I was not describing a situation where bitcoin suddenly hits an arbitrary price point and everyone decides its no longer going to increase in value for no reason.
Something actually needs to destroy confidence in the potential for increases in value for speculators to want to leave. One of these can be a sustained period of low or no growth, which is what some bitcoin proponents think will happen. I don't think bitcoin price will ever level out, I was simply addressing the claim that somehow an asset that most people have bought to speculate on can hit equilibrium and not lose all those speculators to other assets.
Other things that could destroy confidence is another cryptocurrency surging in popularity whilst bitcoins popularity stalls or falls.
Bitcoin was designed to be deflationary so it can't ever level out, it will keep increasing in value until further growth is impossible and then it will crash.


Yes there are literally no other economic factors involved other than "has everyone in the world got bitcoin yet". Economics 101
@_date: 2017-10-18 12:58:30


I'm talking about confirming transactions between bank accounts and retailers, which happens in seconds. The money doesn't need to move instantly but the transaction needs to be confirmed instantly for these businesses to work.
Peer to Peer blockchains cannot confirm transactions this fast by nature of the technology, which is why people are relying on VISA cards that sell bitcoins and transfer dollars rather than sending bitcoins directly.
You're not talking about using bitcoin as a peer to peer blockchain currency if its primary use will be through a centralized banking system which doesn't transfer bitcoin on the blockchain but simply transfers a proxy unit in an external system.
Firstly that means your reliant on a banking system with direct centralized government control of the medium of exchange, which invalidates the whole notion that Bitcoin avoids reliance on centralized government currency.
Secondly, that proxy unit would become the de facto currency since no one would actually need to exchange it for bitcoin so long as they could exchange it with banks and businesses, just like no one needed to exchange gold-standard dollars for gold so long as people were accepting dollars. Meaning you've just replicated gold-standard dollars except it will be bitcoin-standard dollars. Except no bank or customer will want to do that because they don't want to be limited by a pegged currency because customers want to borrow money and banks want to lend it. So they would just keep using fiat currency because it allows you to borrow and lend more money than there are bitcoins available. And no one wants debt in bitcoin since it increases in value over time.


They can confirm transactions almost instantly. High frequency trading occurs on a scale of nanoseconds. There will never be nanosecond bitcoin transactions.


A greater percentage of people with bitcoin were actually using it instead of just speculating on it.


Speculation prevents people from using the currency because it keeps inflating the price. No one wants to actually make regular purchases with any significant amount of bitcoin when it could be worth double a month from now.
@_date: 2018-03-03 14:17:21


You can say the same thing to people who manipulated the price of BTC up to $20k
@_date: 2018-03-24 13:18:43


Gold wasn't abandoned because "its not practical to carry around".
A gold note is exactly as practical to carry around and spend as a fiat note.
Just like you can trade dollars digitally without physically moving dollars you can also trade gold digitally as well.
People don't because the supply of gold, while ever increasing, cannot keep pace with the demand for currency, which causes it to be deflationary which makes it profitable to hoard which means no one wants to spend it as currency if they can spend something that isn't deflationary.
@_date: 2018-02-20 14:46:17


You can apply this to anything, its a meaningless statement.
If you bury gold in a safe somewhere no one knows about the government can't confiscate it unless you tell them where it is.
Over 1,000,000 bitcoins have been seized by governments so far, that's a greater percentage seized than almost any asset, 1 in 16 bitcoins.
Government don't need the keys to seize bitcoin, and once they have them they're basically useless because there's no way for you to then use them without the government immediately coming to your door and arresting you for using them and confiscating whatever you bought with them.
although in most cases they get them anyway because people write down the passwords/mnemonic phrase to avoid losing all their money if they forget, and even if you have that hidden they can just keep you in prison indefinitely if you don't tell them in which case you'll never get to use them anyway.
@_date: 2018-07-03 21:23:23
As long as you know it doesn't do anything to alter your level of risk it just alters the distribution of it.
The total risk is exactly the same, it only seems intuitively less risk for the same reason a roulette player doesn't just walk in and put everything on one number but instead splits their chips up into many different bets because it seems like you're less likely to lose everything if you spread bets out.
If you think the market is overvalued and its going to crash then its a bad idea to put a lot of money in now. If you think the overall trend of the market is going to be up then you're just losing out by not putting your money in as soon as possible. Random volatility doesn't help or hurt any particular betting strategy.
@_date: 2018-07-04 20:56:52
Care to correct that misinformation or are you just going to let me poison the minds of America with my lies?
what is your angle? How long have you been working for Roger Ver? How much is Soros paying you?
@_date: 2018-02-28 14:04:28
This is not true, there are regulated crypto exchanges in Venezuela.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:15:36
Use bitcoin to run businesses buying and selling goods and services.
Just kidding. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 17:06:30
When fees are high because there's lots of transactions, people complain, then when fees are low because blockchain transactions halve, they say fees are only low because transactions have decreased.
You can't win with these FUDing shitcoiners, don't even try. 
@_date: 2018-07-02 14:05:00
And in the last upswing trade volume was multiple times bigger than it is in this downtrend.
There is far more trading activity in speculative upswings than downswings.
This guy is not "predicting" $50,000 because he thinks a sudden surge price will hurt his exchange volume.
@_date: 2018-07-13 13:08:43


China has had much higher inflation than the US over the last 30 years and much higher economic grwoth.
Inflation is a monetary phenomenon.
There is no inherent link between economic/population growth and inflation/deflation, although its hard to have a thriving economy with too much inflation or deflation since stability of currency is necessary for trade.
Have you read the work of Milton Friedman? Because if you haven't then you're not going to be in a position to make any claim about whether his work actually influenced the monetary policy in the developed world and led to reduced inflation by a better understanding of the relationship between quantity, velocity and inflation rate. Most successful economies tend to have between 0-10% inflation.


It not being big enough to cause as much damage doesn't make it a cure for the kinds of problems we're talking about. It seems far more susceptible to volatility and the kind of fraudulent market manipulation than the traditional currency system.


Which issue is that? That because people weren't aware of the fraudulent bubble in CDSs that there might be some similar problem building up that people also aren't aware of? That's true, but we can't exactly act on problems we don't know exist yet.
Governments around the world have significantly increased capital requirements on banks, stepped up stress testing and increased oversight and regulation on derivatives. These seem sensible and prudent measures to protect against the possibility of a similar catastrophic bubble in derivatives.
There is still a bubble in land and housing but there is no political will for anyone to challenge it since most households are property owners so will not accept a government which collapses the bubble.
@_date: 2018-07-14 16:56:59


You're right, its not as simple as "everyone just spend money 3x", it's a massive simplification to point out the fact that the claim its impossible to pay off debt because there's more debt than money is not only false, but it also points to a reductively simple way of thinking about money and debt far more likely to confuse than to explain.


If every debtor had the money to pay off a debt outright what would be the point in taking the debt? The whole point of debt is so you can spend money you don't have.
There's no 1:1 relationship between money and trade, there is far more trade than money, just as there is far more debt than money. The fact its not 1:1 says nothing whatsoever about the ability to pay off debt.


What you were trying to get across is a narrative of debt catastrophism, pushed by people who somehow think "sound money" is going to eliminate fractional reserve banking and all debt even though it never has before in human history, even though relying on "sound money" greatly increases the dangers of fractional reserve banking as we saw with hundreds of years of runs on fractional gold reserves.
The same people talking about how Bitcoin is going to eliminate fractional reserves and that its impossible to run a fractional reserve on Bitcoin are the same people who are oblivious to the fact that Bitfinex, one of the largest exchanges in the world seized 36% of its users funds and replaced them with a currency they just created from nothing.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:11:42
Those cards aren't transferring bitcoins to the merchant they're transferring dollars.
All you're doing is selling bitcoins to spend as dollars. Which is a bad idea since dollars depreciate in value whereas bitcoins appreciate so you might aswell just keep your bitcoins and spend the dollars you have.
You're fooling yourself if you think those places are actually accepting bitcoins. 
It kind of undermines the argument that bitcoin is some great new currency if its most useful when you sell it in exchange for dollars and use those instead.
@_date: 2018-07-10 17:38:56
It would be better if you could answer simple questions about why you think its going to work where traditional decentralized currencies have failed instead of just resorting to sarcasm loaded with faulty assumptions about what I think.
@_date: 2018-02-04 14:44:10
That's what makes it such a great store of value.
The best stores of values are the ones you need to be willing to lose at any time.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:45:56
Only 1 of them was actually addressed the issue of bidirectional trade flow, and requires heavy centralization of the network on both inflows and outflows.
Having 2 channels and moving funds from one channel to the other is not increasing the overall amount of funds at your disposal, you still need bidirectional trade in one of those channels are you will rapidly empty out of usable funds. neither does lowering fees, you still need to be selling as much as you are buying in order to maintain a balance, and that is not what average trading behavior looks like. 
If you have one channel that you're selling 1 btc of trade per month on and another channel you're buying 1 btc of trade then yes you can balance between those channels but thats no different to just having 1 channel that you both buy and sell from.
@_date: 2017-10-02 13:02:51
In the past year bitcoin has not seen any overall growth in daily transactions, yet its price has quadrupled. There has been almost no growth in its use as a currency. 
It increasing in value actually discourages its use as currency because no one wants to spend something that might be worth twice as much a year from now.
The vast majority of people who are buying bitcoin are not using it as a currency but as a speculative asset, i.e. they buy it because they expect it will increase in value, and they hope to profit from that increase in value.
The question to ask yourself is what happens to all those people when bitcoin stops increasing in value. Do they keep just holding an asset they don't use as currency? Or do they decide to cash out because their main focus was to buy bitcoin when it was worth X dollars and sell it when it becomes worth Y dollars. And what happens when 90% of people who own bitcoins all decide to sell at the same time?
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:27:20
Even if the interest rate on the worlds debt exceeded the growth rate of the global economy it would not follow that the debt is impossible to pay off.
Debt can and is restructured and the real value of the debt can be eroded by inflation.
No creditor wants a bankrupt debtor.
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:10:10
Is Bitcoin 70% less trustless than it was 6 months ago?


I have never once in my life encountered a situation where I could have used Bitcoin for anything, let alone found it more useful than the alternative. neither have 99.9% of the humans on earth.
The only people claiming they can use it on a regular basis are people deliberately looking for ways to use it to justify their speculation on price.
That's not a sustainable growth model. Everyone is not going to switch to a far less convenient currency just to make a handful of speculators rich.
@_date: 2017-10-15 12:23:58
Everyones going to get richer forever!
No ones ever going to lose their houses or their life savings again. Boom and bust is OVER! Say hello to infinite wealth progression!
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:03:26
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:13:07


No it doesn't.
@_date: 2018-07-10 16:26:12


That's what store of values are meant to be.
Store of value doesn't mean "something that is incredibly volatile but makes money over time"
@_date: 2018-07-14 21:35:00


Friedman saying that velocity tends to be stable does not mean its a passive function of quantity of money, it especially doesn't mean:
"He would also tell you velocity does not cause inflation"
If velocity was not an independent variable or had no effect on inflation there would be no need to assign it a separate value from quantity. you could understand inflation entirely in terms of quantity of money while ignoring velocity.
The fact Friedman talked about how changes in the quantity of money have a large effect on the velocity of money does not make it a passive function of quantity, does not mean that velocity isn't an independent variables. [Friedman wrote at length on what factors effected velocity and how velocity effected inflation.](
Your quote from a website paraphrasing what friedman about stability of velocity does nothing to contradict the direct quote from Friedman I supplied earlier:




@_date: 2018-07-21 11:40:47
Why don't places that have free bank transfers only accept bank transfer then? No chargeback, no fee, no fraud.
@_date: 2017-10-03 12:32:40
There are meaningful differences between centralized government backed inflationary fiat currencies and decentralized crypto based deflationary currencies that you can't just hand wave with "LOL ALL VALUE IS SUBJECTIVE".
Simply pointing out value is subjective doesn't explain specific instances of value, like why diamonds are more valuable than coal or why gold has increased its value over 2000 years but salt hasn't.
You also missed out the first part of that sentence which contextualized the second part. Gold didn't become valuable just because people thought owning gold would make them rich quick. There are many other factors that made it a currency that don't apply to other metals like iron. It's also ceased to be a useful currency due to competition from more useful currencies and speculation making it too volatile and deflationary.
Government backed currencies can and do become worthless, just like bitcoin can become worthless.  That doesn't mean government backed currency is just as likely to become worthless as bitcoin.
Government currency is backed by the stability of the government, the willingness of other governments to lend money, the power to tax and increase/decrease the money supply at will. The US government in particular can bring trillions of dollars worth of wealth to bear on propping up the currency if needs be.
You can't just set up a competing fiat currency to the dollar because the government claims monopoly right. You can just copy bitcoin and set up a competitor because its open source.
What makes bitcoin extremely vulnerable is that there are dozens of ready competitors, and the majority of its value comes from speculation rather than use as a currency. That makes its price volatile which discourages its use as a currency. The more its value grows in disproportion to its use as a currency the greater the correction will be when it hits a wall, and the more destabilizing that will be and the more likely another crypto currency will be able to capitalize on the instability and replace it as the most useful cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2018-07-03 18:05:16


That's not the definition of rent-seeking, that's one particular type of rent seeking. 


The classic example of rent seeking is that of a river toll. A man builds two tower either side of a river and stretches a chain between them. The man then charges ships that go up and down the river a toll for him to lower the chain. He may frame this as a "service", saying that the river provides trading ships with a huge amount of income, and the toll he charges is only small so the trading ships get far more in return than he does,but he is not generating any wealth, he has simply devised a way to extract wealth from others.
Whether the tollman has a legal right to impose a river toll or not, it is still rent seeking. Most rent-seekers are usually smart enough to mix some level of wealth generation, so the tollman may protect the ships from pirates and say the chain is there only to stop pirates, and the toll is only to help fight pirates.
There are many forms of rent seeking, many reliant on regulatory capture and legal powers, others not.
"protection" rackets by mobsters are rent seeking, even though they're very illegal. Ponzi schemes are another form of once legal, now illegal rent-seeking. no wealth is generated by such schemes, people only increase their wealth by the same percentage other peoples wealth decreases. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:46:07


I never agreed that transparency was desirable, I didn't dispute that its not transparent or that other forms of money aren't less transparent. I consider the contents of my wallet/bank account not being pseudonymously broadcast to the world to be a feature, not a bug.
How is "not trusting the state of funds" a use case for bitcoin 'transparency'?
I can see the state of funds in my bank account, or in my wallet, and it doesn't require everyone else in the world to be able to see it as well.
What is other people being able to see your money without your permission a use case for?


you're right, its not the same. It is still a form of seizure.  You can't hack your laptop and teleport gold out of your safe, that doesn't mean gold cannot be seized just because its immune to one form of seizure.


Fraud also happens outside of custodial exchanges.


If the script alone is good enough why do you need the lawyer, and if you already have a lawyer why do you need the script?


The exact portion you quoted is the exact one that points out there are risks to cash and carry arbitration and that it is not riskless.
I never said risk wasn't mitigated. You can mitigate risk with a straight short, it also doesn't mean its riskless.
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:47:53


Sorry I misspoke on that point with a misrememberance of what the numbers were. 
What I meant to say is that most US debt is intra-national, although a sizable portion is intra-governmental:
It's either owned by the government or citizens/institutions of that government, and since the source of the government ability to pay taxes is its own citizens, it doesn't represent a fundamental threat to the economy since the government pays those debts with taxes anyway. Whether it increases taxes to pay debts to its own citizens or defaults on debt to avoid increasing taxes the top level burden from government to citizenry doesn't change, just the particular distribution of which citizens money is used to pay who.
All that matters is the particular economic and political optimum (which are not always the same thing) for distribution of the burden. 
Legally requiring pension funds to buy government debt is actually a fairly good compromise since it avoids raising taxes whilst reducing the risk that pension funds become too heavily invested in volatile assets which might require the government to step in and bail out pensioners.


Debt by itself doesn't generate wealth anymore than money by itself generates wealth. Debt, like money, can be used to generate wealth, by facilitating the trade, production and movement of wealth generating assets.


@_date: 2017-10-02 13:38:58
A justification you often hear is that bitcoin will become like digital gold, to store large amounts of wealth, whilst other cryptocurrencies will be used like currencies.
This ignores that 
A) Bitcoin was intended to be a currency, not gold 
B) the reason why gold works as a store of wealth is because its inherently scarce because only small amounts of it are made when stars explode 
C) bitcoin is not inherently scarce, it could be easily replaced by any other cryptocurrency and is only rising in value because its artificially scarce and people only value it because they expect it to keep rising in value
There are people who are adamant that bitcoin can never become worthless and is guaranteed to keep rising in value, even though there is nothing bitcoin does that other cryptocurrencies can't do. It's ironic that people who are only interested in bitcoin because they think it will get them rich quick don't realize that its only valuable because a bunch of people like themselves all believe the same thing.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:22:08
You didn't explain why anyone would want to buy things in a deflationary currency when they can buy things in an inflationary currency.


Its completely sensible. If some dollars were made of gold and others were made of paper would you spend the gold ones and keep the paper and say "its wrong to think of gold dollars as an investment"?
Greshams law doesn't fail to apply just because you want bitcoin to work. If people have dollars and bitcoins they will spend the dollars and save the bitcoins.


Congrats on identifying the basic mechanism that fuels a speculative bubble. People buy an asset, it goes up in value, people see the asset going up in value and buy even more. up and up it spirals until it can't climb any higher then it bursts
People don't see bitcoin go up 1000 dollars in a week and think "hey, this is the time I should cash out!". even more people jump in because they're all convinced they'll be the geniuses to get in and get out at the right time.


If you genuinely see this as a currency and not a get rich quick scheme you shouldn't be talking about it like an investment. No one is worried about losing money in Euros when they go to europe because they know its a functional currency and they're only buying euros so they can buy other stuff. Of course what makes bitcoin a good get rich quick scheme makes it a bad currency, for reasons you are already aware, the same reason you only spent bitcoins in the past tense.
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:42:55
It's just a joke cuz Draper was one of the most enthusiastic investors in Theranos and then it turned out to be a fraud and its 9 billion dollar valuation went down to 800 million.
Draper doubled down and says Theranos didn't do anything wrong and blamed accusations of fraud on a "witch hunt" because the CEO is a woman, which doesn't say much for his credibility




@_date: 2018-07-09 19:19:50
Far less than 5% of the population own 95% of Bitcoins, why do you think its any more egalitarian than society is already?
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:21:24
If devs can change the code to remove 180 billion bitcoins they can also change it back to allow 180 billion bitcoins.
It's not immutable if you can both make changes to the ledger and then reverse those changes.
All you're hoping is that the devs and nodes with the power to make those changes won't do it for their own interests and against yours.


@_date: 2018-07-10 16:35:32
Why do you think every other decentralized currency died out (with a few niche exceptions like prison commodity currencies) but digital decentralized currency is going to succeed?
Also you still didn't explain how using a decentralized currency is going to stop derivatives fraud. You can commit derivatives fraud using any currency you like, it is not currency dependent.
@_date: 2018-07-03 13:26:30
Unless you can actually predict which direction the volatility is going to go in a month or a year (in which case bet according to that prediction), spacing out bets on random events cannot change your underlying expected value.
The idea that if you invest $1000 now, the market might crash and then you would have been better off if you had instead spread out that $1000 over months only works if you can predict that was more likely to happen than any other sequence of events. 
Otherwise its just as likely that the market will spike and then gradually drop over 12 months than it is to crash and gradually rise over 12 months. If both are equally likely then either choice results in the same EV. The only difference is how much you pay in fees.
If the volatility is random then its as likely to harm or benefit any betting strategy. If its not random then bet accordingly, and if you don't know if its random or not don't bet anything.
These financial strategies are not new, they date back hundreds of years to gambling strategies like the Martingale where people try to trick themselves into thinking they can beat randomness with a particular pattern of betting. They only create the illusion of being more/less likely to win/lose in the long term because of how the psychology of winning and losing works.
Unless you know whether the market is more likely to crash than to rise in the next 6 minutes, 6 months or 6 years then you're just betting on randomness and you can't change your EV with any betting pattern on random events, you can just change how fast or slow you're going to win/lose money.
@_date: 2018-07-11 14:07:42
Yes, thats the study of what words mean. If you don't care what words mean then don't use them.


You're losing value on the blockchain if you're still putting money into it.
Stores of value are meant to retain their value going forward, its not just something that is worth more than it was at some arbitrary time in the past.
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:58:42


The average pensioner is richer than the average citizen. They also get more in terms of state spending than the average citizen.
Who exactly should they be dumping the cost of pensions on to? 
Either pensioners need to pay more or take less, unless your answer to the pension crisis is to have young poor people pay for the pensions of the richer and older.


Do you think its a coincidence that the governments agenda happens to be favorable to the voting blocks most able to put a government in power?
No government can get elected without the support of the old vote.
The idea that government is so de-systematized that whoever got elected could just completely ignore the wishes of the electorate without repercussion is not based in reality.
Every individual in the system is selected for their ability to respond to incentives of the system. 
@_date: 2017-09-27 14:28:32


So do you think bitcoin is just going to indefinitely increase in value?
Unless you think it will indefinitely increase in value or that no one is speculating on expected increases in value then you have to accept the possibility that at some point it will stop rising in value and at that point people who bought in for speculative gains will sell and the value will drop.
@_date: 2018-07-02 20:11:58
I think I might have found a slight flaw in this unregulated currency idea.
@_date: 2018-07-02 16:34:06


You think the cost of maintaining all the services required to offer a consumer bank account is just the cost of interest they're paying?
Okay that explains why you think banks make a profit on every account no matter how little money there is in it.


In my very first post on this I specifically mention that the income from an account not paying any fees is not going to be a net gain for the bank unless they have a large amount of money.


I never changed it to "they don't make money on small deposits". From the very first post I made it clear that the income on a small deposit isn't enough to cover the cost of running the account and they only make a net gain from either large accounts of charging fees and selling debt to customers.
@_date: 2018-07-20 18:07:13
if merchants want fiat why wouldn't they just accept fiat?
@_date: 2018-02-09 18:49:45
People saying that the price of Bitcoin in fiat is irrelevant because 1 BTC = 1 BTC are either lying to others or themselves.
I'm not sure why it bothers you for people to be called out on it. If you believe in Bitcoin then you shouldn't want people popularizing nonsense.
@_date: 2018-03-12 17:32:25


Okay let me know when cash is banned and then you can start talking about "is" instead of "might be".
Do you not see the blatant double standards in play here?
When bitcoin is seized and stolen more than fiat, its not proof that bitcoin is less secure because you believe theoretically its more secure even though in practice isn't.
When cash is actually anonymous, unfreezable, and unsurveillable, that doesn't matter because you think the way things are headed you think governments will get rid of cash.
If you're allowed to discount any present evidence in favor of what you believe is hypothetical potential then you can believe in anything. This is the kind of deliberate self-deception that makes people believe in solar roadways. 


Which means if data is leaked that associates wallet addresses to personal information then you can trace peoples purchases.
Tumbling coins has already proven insecure before you roll that out.
Coins like Monero are much better suited already if you want annonymity (though still not as anonymous as cash).
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:31:52


Outside of speculation, money laundering and black markets, what is the "clear value" of bitcoin?
There are less top 500 US retailers accepting bitcoin today than there were 4 years ago. it is seeing no meaningful growth in anything other than speculation and criminal markets.
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:15:01


One dollar can pay multiple debts. I don't know why people seem to think the ratio of dollars to debts is somehow a limiting factor on the ability to pay debt. Dollars don't disappear when they are used to pay a debt.
If you owe me $10,000 at 1% interest and there are only $100 in our hypothetical world it doesn't mean you can never pay me back because you can still get paid $50 a day, and that's ignoring that if we need to do more trade than there are dollars available we can just print more dollars.
Keeping a fixed supply of currency would be disastrous for the debtor in this situation because the more trade we did the higher the rate of deflation would be and the greater the value of debt would become.


There are runs on Bitcoin exchanges all the time, almost 50% of exchanges have collapsed, which is ridiculous given that they're not even doing risky loans or and aren't even meant to be running fractional reserves (although many clearly are). They literally just have to keep enough reserves to pay all their customers but in a poorly regulated system its too easy to fuck up or defraud people.
People need to look back at the Free Banking Era to see what a glorious disregulated banking system looks like. Bitcoin is not a cure for it anymore than the gold standard was, it just makes it worse by arbitrarily setting the supply of money so that it can't match demand.
The idea that money should be fixed supply is a fundamental failure to understand the function of money.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:00:37
If the debt is so big it can never be paid off in an infinite amount of time what could does increasing the size of the debt do for the creditor besides increase the amount of money the other person will never pay them back?
@_date: 2018-07-03 14:03:32
Might it create less confusion if this metric was called something like "percentage of nodes than can route a payment to any other node" (but more succinct)
"probability to find at least one route" makes it seem like it seem like its the absolute chance of finding a usable route rather than the relative percentage of valid routes.
I expect the average person doesn't care if the relative percentage is lower if the number of absolute possibilities is higher.
@_date: 2018-07-02 20:12:58
Why would i need to?
There's nothing I've ever wanted to buy that accepted LN
@_date: 2018-07-12 12:10:26
What if the globe can't pay its debts? 
Will mars come to repossess the earth?
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:58:06
Since its the government who has to pay for people who don't have pensions then it doesn't really make a difference whether the government taxes people to pay the debt to pension funds or else defaults on the debt and then has to pay to support people with no pensions.
The reason why so many pension funds have government debt is because its legally mandated because its one of the ways the governments is distributing the cost of paying for an aging population.
@_date: 2018-07-23 14:51:55


They only got a fraction of what they demanded, because they bankrupted the country before they paid even half.
you need wealth to produce wealth. Once you have bankrupted someone they no longer have anything left to pay you back and nothing left to make any more to pay you back. That's why modern nations don't bankrupt each other over debt anymore because it doesn't work.


How can you buy bitcoin on margin?
How can you agree to sell someone a bitcoin you don't have?
@_date: 2018-07-12 14:14:51


Which voting block is that government going to be popular with?
Any party that said "no more pensions" would immediately be voted out. Governments are terrified of upsetting the old vote even when its to the detriment of the nation.
Someone is going to have to pay for a population that is getting older and older with fewer young tax payers to replace them.
The only question is who its most politically viable to distribute the costs to. Defaulting on debts is one of the least likely ways it is going to be paid for because that would also fuck the ability of the government to raise money from debt in future.
The reason government bonds are considered so secure is because the government will tap almost any other source of revenue before destroying confidence in its ability to pay debts.


Why do you think its just pension funds required to have a certain amount of bonds? If they're just evil greedy bastards why don't they just say everyone has to put every single penny of disposable income has to be spent on government bonds and anyone who refuses gets 1000 years dungeon.
@_date: 2018-07-09 22:01:50


Why would trading derivatives in another currency somehow make those derivatives immune from fraud?
There are already Bitcoin derivatives in existence and there is most certainly Bitcoin fraud.


As an Austrian school economics student, what do you think of Hayeks position on deflation?
@_date: 2017-10-14 16:24:51


Since I already answered this I'll just quote myself since you didn't read it the first time around:
"You seem to be confusing digital storage with a separate currency. Recording an amount of dollars on paper or on a computer does not exchange it for another form of currency. $10 in a bank computer is worth exactly $10 in paper. They're 100% interchangeable."
paper dollars and digital dollars are both still dollars even though they're in different forms. 
*Bitcoin and dollars are two separate currencies* and when you use a "bitcoin debit card" or a "gold debit card", you are not transferring bitcoins or gold to anyone. The card provider simply trades bitcoin or gold for dollars at an exchange and transfers dollars on your behalf. Dollars are still the medium of exchange. It's still going through the centralized banking system. The reason for this is because almost no retailer actually accepts bitcoin as it was meant to be used, via Peer-to-Peer transfer since transactions take far too long for most retail transactions, and bitcoins value is too valuable for just-in-time logistics. So it needs to be traded for a currency people will actually accept, like dollars.


Yeah, I actually understand that. What you don't seem to understand is that there's a difference between transferring dollars in a digital from (which are worth exactly the same as paper dollars), and having a card that exchanges a resource like gold or bitcoin into dollars and then transfers those dollars.
you can convert any commodity for dollars, it doesn't mean that commodity is accepted as currency because dollars are the currency you are actually using.
This is not helping bitcoin be accepted as a currency since its still relying on dollars and centralized banking. This is just proving how reluctant people are to stop using dollars since they're so widely accepted and easy to transfer. 
@_date: 2018-07-08 20:39:44


Remember when someone figured out an exploit to add 180 billion bitcoins to the ledger, and then they rolled back the ledger to when there wasn't 8571x more bitcoin than there was ever supposed to be possible?
Me neither, it was a simple software update to fix a vulnerability and proves the bitcoin blockchain is immutable.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:47:17


yeah, no one can manipulate the value of bitcoin to decrease your purchasing power.
1 BTC = 1BTC
@_date: 2018-07-09 22:54:01
you ARE clearly not A MASTER lawyer because you fail to REALIZE THE INTELLECTUAL superiority of capitalizing WORDS SEEMINGLY AT RANDOM for emphasis.
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:03:49


Why then during the Great Depression was there 33% deflation and 30% drop in GDP? Surely if there is deflation then there must be economic growth?
Why then has Japan had years of deflation and stagnant/falling economic growth at the same time?
"its not a sound money economy", so printing more money leads to deflation?


You defined it, I didn't agree to that definition because its empirically false as proven by Japan and the Great Depression.
It's fully possible to have deflation and a decrease in economic growth. You only want to think otherwise to make deflation so simple its good by definition.
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:29:23


There was no outside force that "defeated" miners, there was no democratic vote that overturned their decision, and they didn't lose the battle for hash power, they just realized they'd make more money by continuing to mine Bitcoin than forking.
It was a small cartel of 50 companies and enough of them thought it was a bad move to fork to convince the rest of them that it wouldn't be profitable to continue without unanimity.
Miners can only mine one coin at a time. For as long as their main source of revenue is block rewards they want to avoid anything that is going to split the community and decrease the profit from block rewards. 
That isn't miners being defeated by any other force, its miners remaining loyal to their wallets. This is why there is so much inertia and resistance to making any major protocol changes that don't have near universal support because incentives are currently aligned to doing whatever will keep bitcoin price highest.
So long as miners are getting the majority of their revenue from block rewards their incentives are aligned with holders in that they both want to do whatever will keep the price of bitcoin high.
What would have happened if 80% of miners moved to a new Segwit2x fork, than then used 12% of their mining power to paralyse the old network until people switched over?
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:16:50
No level of math means somehow banks can run bank accounts for nothing but the cost of paying interest on deposits.
@_date: 2018-02-22 22:48:38
When are you waiting to spend the vast majority of it?
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:47:52


And all the people who lose money on TA? I guess you could just say "they didn't understand TA properly". In that case betting systems for roulette also work if you just say anyone who loses money on them didn't understand them properly.
You can't say its not a science and them claim to know it works. Scientific evidence is the only way you could prove it works.
@_date: 2018-07-13 17:02:07


Bitmex is regulated, they have to verify your identity and conduct Customer Due Diligence.
If they were unregulated I'm not sure how that would be a good thing though given you're trusting them to not defraud you.
 


Or Bitmex freezing your account and reversing your trades, or manipulating the futures contract to steal money off you, or they just seize your funds all together and run off.


you're talking like there aren't already safer and simpler ways of ensuring a payment isn't defrauded than escrowing bitcoin through a lawyer and then shorting bitcoin to mitigate the volatility.


Because who doesn't want to turn a business transaction into an opportunity to gamble on the futures market? Hey if the gamble goes against you, you only lost a bit of money, you win some you lose some, that's what business is all about.


Okay so now I understand what "use case" your client is actually interested in.
If you had just been honest there wouldn't have been anything to talk about.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:42:42


If central banks around the world decided to just start halving the amount of currency produced per year every 4 years, would that make those currencies backed by anything?
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:20:29


If only there were other assets than bitcoin to secure contracts, then the use case you mentioned would be completely irrelevant to bitcoin and just applies to any asset you can draw up a contract over.
@_date: 2018-07-12 16:01:57
The Great Depression wasn't caused by debt it was caused by a poorly run gold standard fractional reserve system that led to mass bank collapses, money shortages and rapid deflation which caused mass unemployment and money hoarding which caused a collapse in economic productivity.
Nations without a gold standard like China were largely immune to the Great Depression and the nations that abandoned the gold standard fastest had the quickest recoveries.
Have a look at a graph of economic productivity in 2008 onwards and compare it to the Great Depression, let me know if its comparable.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:50:18


If you can find someone who lends money at better rates than a bank pay them instead.
How is it going finding someone to lend you enough bitcoin to buy a house?


That's not how mortgages work. They don't own your house, you do. They own the debt you used to buy the house. If you stop paying them back the money they lent to you then you will be forced to sell your house to pay them back.
By what right? The right that you signed a contract saying they'll give you enough money to buy/build a house in exchange for you paying back a small amount of that money every month until you've paid them + enough for it to be worth them going without a house worth of money for 30 years.


Change to what? A system where people on low incomes have to waste most of their money on rent while they save up enough money to buy a house?
@_date: 2018-07-13 18:33:28


Why is transparency a good thing? Why do I want people to be able to see my pseudonymous financial transactions, especially if I was doing the kind of business that gets you kicked off paypal and stripe?


More than 500,000 bitcoins have been seized in the last 8 years by governments, over 1,000,000 have been stolen in hacks. it only "cannot be seized" by a definition of "seized" that blames any seizure on the user and then goes back to saying "it cannot be seized". 
"be your own bank" doesn't work when most people are far worse at security than banks.


What does this even mean? Bitcoin markets are rife with fraud, manipulation and inside trading, its one of the most misused financial instruments in existence.


No, it can, you only think it can't because you're thinking only in terms of market price and not the other costs and risks associated with arbitrage. He's a short guide: 
Also what is a business supposed to do when they can't find any arbitrage opportunity? Put things on hold for a couple of months?
How about just not use a currency that is so volatile you need a futures contract to cover the spread.
@_date: 2018-02-28 22:10:58


I don't trust data until I have at least seen the source, otherwise how do I know it exists, how do I know someone isn't just making it up.
Can you show me the source of this data? 
You don't have to assume something is either true or false. not assuming something is true doesn't mean you assume it is false. you wait until you have enough evidence to say either way.


This is a fatally flawed assumption. There are lots of cases where its impossible to get "close enough to ideal". that doesn't mean any research in those fields is done by incompetent researchers. this is not how any scientific research works in the real world. Part of being a competent researcher is accounting for the unavoidable bias in your sampling, not just refusing to do any research if you can't get a perfect sample (which would make the vast majority of research impossible).
there are no cases that are "close enough to ideal" that you can just treat them as ideal with no discrepancy.
@_date: 2017-09-28 16:05:18
Also gold halved in value over a 4 year period between 2010-2014, which makes a strong argument that there was a speculative bubble because its not like mining gold became twice as cheap during that time or they found huge new deposits of gold that doubled the gold supply.
@_date: 2018-07-10 11:40:51


Sure, its a limited metric that doesn't correlate 1:1 for how many people are buying in, but in the absence of better data its a reasonable proxy, especially when it only has to do the work of discrediting the claim that is also relying on volume as a proxy.
We can say that its not specific or detailed enough for it to say anything meaningful about how many people actually bought in at peak vs pre-peak, and certainly there's no reason to have a high degree of certainty when reliant on such a loose proxy, but that neither supports or opposes any particular claim.
search traffic for "buy bitcoin" is strongly correlated with the peak price and that likely does correlate strongly with the number of new entrants and is much harder to manipulate
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:54:33


You think people will be able to afford to buy a new house every 2-3 years in Bitcoin world?


If you could buy a house with 2 years savings why would anyone need alternative options?


Yes, its much better to spend $200,000 on rent and have nothing to show for it than it is to borrow $200,000 and end up paying $30,000 in interest and having a $200,000 house to show for it.
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:56:02
It's almost as if people sending thousands or millions of dollars of bitcoin don't care about the difference between 20 cents and 2 dollar transaction fees.
The cost of time to actually bother to check is greater than the cost of just paying slightly more than you need to every time.
@_date: 2018-07-02 13:49:44


Except for that time someone added 180 billion bitcoins to the ledger and then devs made a change to undo all but 0.5 BTC of it.
But definitely nothing like that can ever happen again and if it did devs could just change it back because the ledger is immutable.
@_date: 2018-07-01 20:06:50


Either all the hundreds of millions of dollars spent on ASICs has been necessary to secure the network or it hasn't.
It can't simultaneously be necessary to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ASICs to secure the network and that also we will be able to change PoW to make ASICs useless and the network will still be secure.
ASICs are 1000s of times more efficient than GPUs at mining bitcoin. Since ASICs have come in, the hashrate of the network has gone from 20 TH/s to 40,000,000 TH/s. Mining difficulty has gone from 30 million to 5 trillion.
It is no longer possible to profitably mine bitcoin on CPU or GPU. There is no non-asic mining of Bitcoin going on anymore, you would just be wasting electricity with no chance of finding a block. You would have to be CPU mining for thousands of years at the current difficulty before having any chance of mining a block.
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:32:33


You're talking about supply and demand, I was talking about cost. Demand cannot drive price below the cost of production for any significant period of time unless you think someone is going to indefinitely subsidize the network.
This does not address the point that it costs more to run a huge node that requires 99.999% uptime with a 24/7 maintenance, security and fraud prevention team that hundreds of thousands of people are relying on for their daily business, than it does to run a part time hobbyist node that no one gives a shit if it goes offline for 6 hours or fails to route a payment.


Torrents are cheaper than running your own data center right? Why don't they stop paying for their own data servers and distribute torrents to their customers and let them be in charge of sharing. The network effect of millions of Netflix customers is going to be huge, they're never going to run out of people seeding the torrents.


torrents are a decentralized protocol enabling competition for serving data over the internet. turns out the only competition it has is for illegal filesharing because for legal purposes centralization is much better. you should be able to draw the appropriate comparison.


Because its terrible inefficient compared to a centralized model.
@_date: 2017-09-28 17:26:56


here is the image und imgur.
According to that graph the metcalf ratio has been stable since 2015 even though thats the period of greatest growth.
Given that we were specifically talking about the quadrupling in the last year, I can't think of a worse piece of evidence that shows no movement in the metcalf ratio but huge movement in the price.
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:47:00
0% profit is a higher yielding investment than -70% profit
@_date: 2018-07-13 18:53:33


You keep saying this despite the fact empirical evidence shows its not the case.
The velocity of Bitcoin has fluctuated wildly over the last 8 years. If you want to discount that as "it doesn't count because bitcoin is new and small and experimental" then provide an example that proves your case.


you're still talking about M as if its just M0 or M1.


If you can have a fractional reserve on gold why do you not think you can have a fractional reserve on bitcoin?
There have already been exchanges found to be running a fractional reserve they just didn't admit they were running one.
The money supply is and can go much higher than M0/M1
@_date: 2018-07-15 21:04:40


Bitfinex never asked its customers if they were willing to lose 36% of their funds in exchange for some tokens so they could cover the losses of other clients.
How was that voluntary?


Just because you can opt out of being someones customer doesn't give them permission to rob you and then compensate you with a token that is only worth something if they decide to pay you back.
If you go to get your car fixed, is your mechanic allowed to sell the radio and then give you a token for the value of the radio because otherwise he's going to go out of business but once he's back on his feet he swears he will pay you back what he owes?
It's already too late to "opt out" at that point.


I don't think any of those things.


It's easy to accuse someone of equivocation when you assume they think things they never said and don't think.


Explain how banks can't also avoid being a "fractional reserve" if they can just replace real money for tokens they just created. Seems like the whole fractional reserve idea is antiquated if a bank can take your funds and replace them with tokens and its still 100% reserve.
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:44:41


I'm not talking about exchanges losing someones bitcoin, I'm talking about exchanges *taking* your bitcoin that they didn't lose so that they can give it to someone elses bitcoin who they lost.
Those are two different things. 


You chose to make the bet. Thats what makes it voluntary. That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about a company taking something that is legally yours without your permission and giving it to someone else.
If you go to a casino, and deposit money to buy chips, and then the boss comes over and takes 36% of your chips because some high roller just lost all their chips and they want to give him some of your chips to keep him in the casino, that is not voluntary, that is theft.
It doesn't matter if they promise to pay you back. Theft doesn't become not theft if you promise to pay them back. 
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:56:01


Why would you bother lending more if you already have lent enough out so that even if they're paying back at the maximum possible rate they'll still never pay you back?
@_date: 2018-07-13 17:42:39


So it was a liquidity crisis caused by a rapid reduction in the money supply caused by rapid debt deflation?
And the solution to that will be a currency that is impossible to increase the supply of, which will make liquidity crises impossible, under the idea that having "sound money" will put an end to all fractional reserves, derivatives markets and debt, even though there was gold currency at the time and it did nothing to stop any of those things?


bitcoin cannot force 100% reserve banking anymore than gold did. The only entity that forces bank reserve requirements is the government and the Federal reserve.
There is nothing stopping anyone from setting up and running 100% reserve banks, apart from the fact that no one wants to because they don't make any money and since they don't make any money the only way to fund them is with fees and no one wants to pay the fees it takes to run a 100% reserve bank, which is why they don't make any money.


what about bitcoin will make it immune to fractional reserve anymore than gold? 45% of bitcoin exchanges have collapsed and they're not even in the business of investing or loaning money.
There were fractional reserves and runs on gold banks for hundreds of years before the Federal Reserve existed. Banks only started to not regularly collapse with the establishment of the Federal Reserve which started putting requirements on banks forcing them to keep a certain amount of gold in reserve and then the move to fiat which allowed the money supply to quickly increase to meet demand, which removed the danger that the demand for currency would exceed the supply and trigger a deflationary spiral.
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:35:43


No currency is "v", V refers to the velocity of the given currency in question. How could bitcoin be the velocity of a currency?
Any currency has a velocity if it is used at all.
The velocity of bitcoin is not self-regulating:
If you're just going to say things without checking if they are true what is the point of saying them in the first place?


How is it "not fractionalable"?
mount gox ran a fractional reserve for months. Anyone can run a fractional reserve on bitcoin as long as they can get someone to agree to hold their bitcoins with them
You can't say its not "fractionalable" without any explanation when its already been run on a fractional reserve before.
@_date: 2018-07-11 20:58:13
No one gives a shit about all of Tom Lees failed predictions and still post his predictions here like they mean something.
@_date: 2018-07-10 21:25:23
So what are the other reasons?
Because gold was displaced by fiat long before digital transfers were even possible.
@_date: 2018-02-16 23:21:01
you haven't explained why every country in the world abandoned use of gold coins and gold certificates, even though they're all still using metals like zinc, nickel, iron and copper (although copper is becoming too deflationary so generally most countries only use copper plated steel now).
There are microstates with 0 taxes of any kind. There are dictatorships where the government controls the entire economy. Are you saying not one country or people wants to selfishly benefit from the obvious benefits of a gold standard? even though in the majority of the world there's no law against using gold as currency and there are global gold-payment services available to consumers?


[People can't buy food with currency if everyone is hoarding currency](
Currency circulation plummets as people start hoarding currency to profit from price increases caused by hoarding, people are forced to resort to barter instead because no one wants to give up currency when they can give up something that isn't appreciating.


Not true:


Hayek opposed inflation. He was one of the founders of Austrian school economics. He also opposed deflation because he actually looked at the evidence of what deflation caused instead of just deciding what he wanted to believe was true, which is what nutbags like Rothbard did.
@_date: 2018-02-10 22:56:21


That must be why everyone is talking about HODL HODL HODL
cuz of all the value being easily moved from person to person.
@_date: 2018-03-09 23:02:47
bitcoin shown to cause permanent erectile dysfunction:
"here's why this is good for bitcoin"
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:04:32
Have you never heard of Jesus feeding the 5,000 just by infinitely dividing loaves and fishes?
Bitcoin keeps going up in value, so we just use smaller amounts of bitcoin, which go up in value, and then we split them again.
This is the sacred genius of bitcoin. Bitcoins is god and Andreas Antanopoulos is the second coming of our lord and savior Jesus Christ.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:30:27


It was never meant to be an "investment".
It was meant to be a p2p currency. the whitepaper makes absolutely no mention of it being an investment or "store of value". 
that is something speculators have just made up to justify the fact that no one wants to use a currency if it continually goes up in price.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:43:14
I like how people pretend price has to go up after some arbitrary length of time instead of price actually being based on supply and demand.
@_date: 2017-10-16 14:43:43
If your government outlaws bitcoins (and so no bank would touch any transaction to do with bitcoin), how could you use bitcoin for anything legitimate?
You're not going to be able to buy a house or pay for rent in bitcoin, and you're not going to be able to exchange your bitcoins for native currency.
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:48:36
I thought we wanted bitcoins price to go down so we could pick up cheap coins?
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:36:00


Then its not a science.
If a meteorologist says there's a 90% chance of rain 100 times in a row, and it only rains 10% of those times, then you know the model is bullshit.


There's no reliable evidence TA works, at least not at the scale your average youtuber/blogger is doing. "do your own research" doesn't work when you claim to be able to predict the future but can't tell me what % chance your prediction will be correct.
@_date: 2018-07-03 22:06:53


Which is why network effects alone will allow for some level of rent seeking.
It doesn't matter if the barriers to entry are 0, a large company like facebook, or coinbase can benefit from the fact that those services become exponentially more useful the more people are using them, although having barriers to competition obviously helps.
There are decentralized social media networks and there's pretty much 0 barrier to entry, but they really suck at building network effects compared to centralized networks which is why people would prefer to sell their personal data to facebook than use something with exactly the same features as facebook that doesn't sell their data.
A decentralized currency exchange is far less convenient and so cannot attract the same numbers of customers which makes them far less useful as an exchange which allows centralized exchanges to charge a higher premium.
The idea that the only way a company can rent seek is by abusing regulations or government powers, and that in a "free market" no rent seeking is possible ignores huge areas where rent seeking can and does go on without any help from government, in fact lots of rent-seeking is actively illegal.


You can buy and sell fiat by crypto without any risk of "reversibility" if you just trade for cash. Of course its not very convenient but neither is a currency you have to have an internet connection to use. Convenience seems to vary in importance. 
What I was talking about was the trust involved in the transaction of goods and services, not of the means of payment.
Irreversible online payments don't eliminate the need for trust, it just moves it from a huge government regulated bank or payment processor to a hundred different small retailers and individuals who are much less accountable.
With a credit card I don't need to trust that some random company I've never heard of before is trustworthy because if I pay them money and they don't send me what they promised, I can call the credit card company and they'll get me my money back.
You can say that its a trust issue for merchants but there are far more customers than there are merchants so why is trust for a small number of people more important than trust for the majority. Most online businesses are already offering free refunds because its more profitable so the idea that the cost of someone doing a chargeback would be a motivating factor for businesses seems baseless. You never hear a major retailer like Amazon talking how much chargebacks are costing them and how they have such a strong need for an irreversible payment system.
@_date: 2017-10-15 12:11:09
I'm no programmer so I may not have understood that properly, but it looks like its bolting on another system that circumvents the need to use the blockchain for transactions, in which case doesn't that defeat the purpose of using a blockchain, or at least open up a lot more security holes?
I assume there's a reason something like this wasn't built in to Bitcoin in the first place.
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:19:15


I must have missed central banks being a portal to the satanic realms in my economics class.


I pay off the debt with 1 dollar, then the person I paid buys something off me for 1 dollar, then use that money to pay off the remainder of the debt.
Money doesn't disappear when you use it to pay a debt.


That's now how any of this works. Maybe I need more lessons in the economics of lucifer.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:43:10


If they mainly wanted fiat how was that a better deal than just accepting fiat given that it would have costed a significant percentage of fees to convert to fiat.
Why didn't they just accept everything in fiat and then buy a small amount of bitcoin with it if thats what they wanted? That would have cost far less in fees than the other way around.
The real reason they accepted bitcoin is pretty easy to find if you look hard enough.
@_date: 2018-07-05 11:29:02
It's true that when routing transactions through a series of nodes, only the exit node knows where the payment is ending up since each previous node only knows the next node in the chain.
What I'm talking about is something else. as far as I understand it (i may be wrong here), a node-id is required to send/receive a payment, so even if you don't know the route the payment took you still know which node you sent it to/received it from, and once you know that you can see what channels the node has open and how much is in each channel. This isn't a perfect metric since it doesn't tell you how balanced the channel. Although the fact that a node can't route a payment if it hasn't sufficient funds in its channel balance would allow you to work it out by connecting to that node and trying to route payments though it, although that is more convoluted.
The other person is talking about an additional privacy issue to the one I was talking about, which is if you have to route a transaction through other nodes the last node in that chain can see when and to who a payment arrived. If you have enough nodes you can start to gather quite a lot of data on when and where payments are moving.
Unless the average person is incredibly diligent about what nodes they're routing transactions through, it would be fairly easy for an organization like the NSA to covertly fund a large number of nodes with low fees to gather this kind of data, or to serve warrants to major nodes and require them to hand over the data without telling anyone.
@_date: 2018-07-03 13:44:13


So in a completely unregulated system it would be impossible to rent seek on an exchange?
Why couldn't they run a ponzi scheme (as exchanges already have even with regulations against running them) or do any other manner of rent-seeking?


There are decentralized P2P exchanges where you can buy and sell bitcoin for fiat. If fees are in a race to the bottom how can a centralized exchange force a bitcoin customer to pay higher fees than a decentralized exchange?


Why does buying and selling fiat require trust but buying and selling any other goods and services on the lightning network not require trust?
@_date: 2018-07-14 16:30:52
What's it meant to be a metaphor for? Not understanding that the amount of money in the world doesn't have to exceed the amount of debt in order to pay it off?
@_date: 2018-07-12 16:28:16


"some people will default on existing loans" is not the same thing as its impossible for the debt to be paid back.
@_date: 2018-07-05 11:28:56


its true that only the exit node in a route of nodes knows what the destination node is (which is a separate security/privacy vulnerability), as each node is only communicating with the next node in the chain without knowing the full path.
I'm talking about something else, not the ability of routing nodes to intercept payment information but the unique identifying information required to send/receive a payment on the network.
As far as I understand it a node id is required to know where to send/receive a payment. Once you have the node id you can look up the node on the network and see how many open channels it has and how well they're funded, although you can't directly tell how well balanced those channels are you can test them by trying to route payments through that node since you can't
It's possible I have misunderstood the role node id plays in how payments work and that this is somehow hidden from the nodes/wallets, but I'm not sure how a node receiving lots of payments could somehow tell what payments were coming from who if there wasn't some kind of unique data linking the payment to a particular node on the network.
@_date: 2018-07-02 14:01:30
Lightning hit 1000 nodes in March.
It hit 2000 in April.
Now in July its only at 2,600.
So the rate at which new nodes are joining has been decreasing.
If the growth rate keeps decreasing at the current rate in a few months less than 100 nodes will be added per month, and it will take hundreds of years to even get a few hundred thousand nodes.
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:57:40


"Any currency has a velocity if it is used at all."
If no one is using it as currency then it doesn't have a velocity. 


The velocity of cigarettes in a single prison affects price levels in prison. Unless you're arguing that fewer people are using bitcoin as currency than cigarettes, then it has a velocity that affects pricing.


That would only be true if no one is buying and selling anything in bitcoin and it was simply being used as an asset that was sold for currency that people then spent.
If that's true then its not a currency, its a speculative asset.


How would bailouts be impossible? When Bitfinex lost their reserves they just created a new token and paid their customers with that. Pretty easy to bail yourself out when you can just make your own currency.
45% of bitcoin exchanges have collapsed.
During the Free Banking Era 50% of gold banks collapsed. The fact poorly regulated fractional reserves collapse regularly does not mean they can't do so over long periods of time. Fractional reserves have existed for hundreds of years, before any modern central bank existed.
@_date: 2018-07-02 19:21:04
what you said is vague enough that pretty much whatever the price is by July you could say TA was legit it just couldn't predict some small % chance something unexpected would happen.
If you're actually making accurate predictions you should be able to predict something, and then also predict the chance the prediction is going to be wrong, and then over the course of several prediction you can prove that your prediction engine is accurate because it predicts the future within the error margin you predicted.
@_date: 2017-10-13 20:39:17
Why are people looking forward to being able to sell their bitcoins for more fiat currency than they paid for then?
If fiat currency is going to become worthless then it doesn't matter whether your bitcoin is worth $1,000 or $100,000.
@_date: 2018-07-13 15:47:53


It's not decentralized trust if you're reliant on a centralized and heavily regulated futures market to enforce a futures contract denominated in Federal Reserve dollars to eliminate the risk of bitcoins volatility.
@_date: 2018-07-13 11:32:40


You can just look at a graph of inflation over the last 40 years, instead of not being sure.


It's true, there could be a huge speculative asset bubble valued at hundreds of billions that is not due to underlying wealth generation but the result of speculative mania on price, with people paying higher and higher amounts for assets without really understanding why they are worth that much, and in a high unregulated market where price manipulation and fraud are commonplace.
you wouldn't happen to know where I could find one of those do you?
@_date: 2018-07-03 12:36:09
Also like a Swiss bank accounts that publicly broadcasts every transaction you make with a pseudonymous address
@_date: 2018-07-03 12:59:30
That's a good way of spending a lot more on fees without doing anything to affect your underlying odds
@_date: 2018-07-14 17:43:12
Are you saying you don't think the current state of debt represents a catastrophic risk for the nation/world? I apologize if that's not what you were saying but I got that distinct impression from the line of thinking that its impossible to pay off the current levels of debt.
Saying things like its impossible to pay off debt because there's more debt than money is flat out wrong, not nitpicky, and people aren't ever going to have more developed conversations about the nature of debt if they're not called on it.
@_date: 2018-07-04 21:40:05
but you are going to waste your and my time by telling me your not going to waste your time instead of saying nothing or correcting misinformation?
@_date: 2018-02-10 23:57:45
I agree with Hayek that deflation leads to hoarding which is zero-sum rent seeking and ultimately destructive to wealth generation and utility of a currency, so that's an Austrian school perspective that says Bitcoin being fixed supply will doom it to an increasing cycle of volatile speculative bubbles that results in the inevitable abandonment of the currency.
I haven't heard a convincing counter-argument from any other austrian schoolers. 
@_date: 2018-02-17 20:20:03
You could. Or create one that wasn't either inflationary nor deflationary (although that would be tricky to do without having people in charge of the supply). Then Greshams law kicks in.
Deflationists like to pretend that gold was abandoned as currency because it wasn't frangible or transferable, which is nonsense because the vast majority of gold was already being traded by certificate, and you can make a certificate for whatever amount of gold you want, its infinitely frangible on paper, and a paper certificate is just as transferable as paper fiat (and later digital fiat).
Gold was abandoned because the supply of gold couldn't match the demand for currency, so the value of gold kept increasing, so people started hoarding it while spending other currencies that don't keep increasing in value.
Gold no longer being a useful currency doesn't make it worthless because its still useful for lots of other things. People say its a "store of value" but its a store of value because it has consistent demand for uses and is naturally scarce. If gold had no uses and we could make infinite of it by putting numbers in a computer it wouldn't be worth anything. We see this during the Great Depression where it becomes impossible for the Federal Reserve to print any more dollars because gold hoarding is too commonplace, everyone spends the paper dollars but keeps hold of the gold.
People want to act like Bitcoin can be like gold, be too deflationary for currency that it reverts to being a "store of value", but it ignores the reason bitcoin was meant to be valuable was to work as a currency. So you're left with a circular argument that its a store of value because its a store of value, which basically comes down to "its valuable because its rare", except its not rare. The fact that there are only 21,000,000 bitcoins in the world only matters if people are actually using it as currency, if they're not there's nothing stopping you from copying the code of bitcoin and giving yourself another 21,000,000 identical bitcoins that people also aren't using as currency.
@_date: 2018-07-15 19:29:03


They "socialized" losses (their word, not mine), meaning they took BTC from people who hadn't lost any money to help cover the losses from people who had. That's how they stayed solvent, that and the fortuitous entrance of hundreds of millions of dollars of Tether into the market that pumped up the value of Bitcoin which allowed them to cover their losses.


They "paid back" with tokens they created from nothing which they then later agreed to buy back with money that they made from taking their customers deposits so they could stay profitable after they mismanaged customer deposits. If they hadn't taken customers deposits without permission to cover their losses and stay solvent they would have gone bankrupt.
If you count that as a 100% reserve then congrats on solving the problem of fractional reserve since now all banks can just make tokens whenever they run out of money that they will pay back over time, and they will always have a 100% reserve because they will always be able to create more tokens from nothing.
All the banks that survived the 2007-08 crash with the help of bailouts also paid back all the money they took from the taxpayer. Pretty easy to pay back money once you've already got billions of dollars with which to make money. Give me a billion dollars and I will happily pay you back a billion dollars in a couple of years.


Definitely nothing to do with heavily manipulating the market and suspending withdrawals. They just worked hard to earn peoples trust after they took 36% of their money.
@_date: 2018-07-14 18:39:09
So you're not going to address the fact you said Friedman said velocity does not cause inflation when that directly contradicts the core premises of monetarist theory where MV = PQ where V is an independent variable?
Or are you going to pretend you never said that or decide that actually Friedman was a wacko and just watered down Austrians economics so what he said on velocity is irrelevant.


Not only did I literally never say this but I said the exact opposite:


Are you really so desperate for me to be wrong that you're just going to make things up whilst ignoring what I actually say?


You didn't describe anything about a reduction in aggregate demand being the cause of downcycles or any other concept from the Keynesian theory. You described the Austrian Business cycle which instead of blaming aggregate demand blames malinvestment from fractional reserve debt and debt deflation. These are two completely different things and apparently you just got confused over the name.
You even said:


Why would I need to understand the Keynesian credit cycle instead of the Austrian Business cycle which you think is the real explanation?
@_date: 2018-07-11 15:21:14




Store of value doesn't mean "something that is worth more now than it was 4 years ago" its something that keeps a stable value and can be predictably used to store and retrieve value. At no point in the last 4 years has gold lost even 50% of its value, let alone 70%.
If you tried to store value in bitcoin 6 months ago and retrieved it now you would have lost most of it. That's terrible as a store of value.
What you mean is "bitcoin has been a good investment over the past 4 years", but for some reason you seem to hate the idea that "store of value" actually refers to a specific concept and want to just use it to mean "good investment".
It being a good investment over the past 4 years only matters if you have a time machine or think a good investment strategy is to put money into things based on their past price performance. 
@_date: 2018-07-13 18:59:59


How could it be cheaper than a centralized payment network where you don't have to pay for amortized proof of work and you don't have to pay a fee to each node?
The end user fee could possibly be cheaper given enough hypotheticals, since businesses charge for profit whereas hobbyists are happy to eat at cost. 
When these kinds of networks are small the running costs are buried because no one billing themselves for the time of maintenance or looking at their electricity bill for the extra 6 cents of electricty they used keeping their computer running all the time.
Those kinds of costs don't scale once you start having to hire full time workers and a management bureaucracy.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:47:49
Also worth pointing out that the time you think is a good time to sell can likely coincide with the time a bunch of other people think its a good time to sell.
And if everyone is trying to sell at the same time you're not going to get the price people were paying just before everyone tried to sell.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:51:25
Oh right for some reason I didn't see that I had wrote worse not better and when you mentionded the OP I thought you meant the thread OP, I've corrected it now.
@_date: 2017-09-28 21:21:41
There are plenty of commodities with low stable values and plenty of commodities with high volatile values (like gold).
Stability and price are not intrinsically linked. The incentives and attractiveness of speculation are what keep bitcoin volatile. Bitcoin was designed to reward risk takers and early adopters to encourage people to adopt the currency. Everyone with a vested interest in bitcoin wants the price to keep rising. They don't care about things like rising transaction times and transaction fees so long as their investment paying off.
If the price ever does "level off", which isn't likely since it was designed to be deflationary, then anyone who got into bitcoin only because they thought holding bitcoins would make them money (which is most people who own bitcoins), would sell off and try to find another asset to speculate on, either other cryptocurrencies or going back to old favorites like gold and housing.
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:30:11
Is english your first language? Because I'm having a tough time working out what you're trying to say here, which isn't helped by talking only in terms of things you assume I'm saying instead of what I actually said.


Debt isn't zero sum, neither is money or wealth. Nothing in anything I've said requires or implies debt is zero sum. You might want to get a refund from mind-reading academy.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:23:55
Most online banking already requires some kind of two factor authentication that you can't break just by breaking encryption.
also the great thing about a centralized system is that they own it. if someone fraudulently transfers money out of your bank, they can transfer it right back. 
they already have algorithms that will automatically block any transfer that looks like theft.
and more importantly they have the power to completely overhaul their entire system, freeze it, respond in any of a thousand ways.
once bitcoin is broken its fucked, there's no way to centrally restore the integrity of the blockchain.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:29:47
A million dollars borrowed to build a new factory that produces 2 million dollars of wealth a year is better than 10 grand borrowed to gamble on blackjack.
@_date: 2018-07-10 11:44:55


I was asking you why you thought it will make society more egalitarian when its own distribution is less egalitarian than the current distribution of wealth.
It was not designed to create an egalitarian distribution of wealth, in fact it was explicitly designed to concentrate wealth in the hands of a very small number of people, and it seems to be living up to that design principle fairly well.
@_date: 2018-07-02 14:47:21


Most of is borrowed from other banks (or directly from the central bank, depending on the size of the bank) and created by themselves via fractional reserve. Only a small percentage of money loaned by banks is actually money anyone has deposited.
The small amount of interest they make on some average joe who never has more than $1000 in the bank at any one time is not enough to cover the costs of running all the services that allow joe use his online banking, make free transfers, contact customer service, run fraud prevention, run free ATMs and pay staff at the local bank to deal with his bullshit.
Those services are a loss leader to attract the average joe to the bank so they can sell him credit cards, loans and charge him $35 every time they spend too much money.
@_date: 2018-07-13 13:22:23


What I meant by "a global default is not possible" is that the entity that is the globe does not owe debt to any other planet, therefore it cannot default. Debts only exist between individuals, nations and organizations, that means wealth can only move between those people, it cannot be lost from the earth. 
You're not going to have very productive discussions if you make an assumption about what someone means, and then when they say "no that's not what I meant", you then reply by saying "no you must mean this".
You may have taken a different meaning from that sentence, it is not the one I meant. 


Wealth isn't expended by the payment of a debt, there is no requirement for there to be a unit of wealth for every unit of debt in order to be able to pay it.
If I owe you $10,000 at 10% annual interest and there are only $100 in the world, it is fully possible for me to pay the full $10,000, all we need is a regular trade where I get paid at least $3 a day.
@_date: 2018-07-02 13:46:06


Banks aren't making money off this kind of customer.
They make most of their money from customers who incur charges and from customers who borrow money (and customers who incur charges from borrowing money)
A customer who never incurs any kind of fee and is never in debt and only uses the bank to store money and make free transfers is a net loss for the bank unless they're storing large amounts of money, but its made up for by all the customers who do incur fees and do borrow money.
It's similar to how credit card companies make money off 0&amp; interest deals for new customers. They can't make money on charging 0&amp; interest, but the number of customers who will end up either incurring fees or staying on past the 0&amp; interest period outweighs the small number of customers who just bounce from card to card getting the best deals.


Choosing one specific time window where putting money into bitcoin would have made you money is no more honest than picking a specific time window where it would have lost you money (say the last 6 months), at least until time travel is invented.
If defending Bitcoin relies constantly on calling back to a time when almost no one was using it and bitcoins were being sold at a fraction of the current price then that's not a good sign for its future.
"if you'd bought bitcoins at X time you'd still be up Y&amp; is not a persuasive argument when the vast majority of people didn't buy in at X time and have no ability to. It's an argument that tries to draw people in with the implication of easy gains that are no longer possible.
@_date: 2018-07-01 18:12:54


This still requires forking the blockchain, even if the majority of nodes go against the miners, as you pointed out the only way to stop the old miners from just mining the new fork is to change PoW so their hardware no longer works.
You are now removing 99.9999&amp; of the hashpower from a network worth hundreds of billions of dollars.
If in fact the network would still be secure without 99.9999&amp; of its current hashpower, then that raises very serious concerns about why hundreds of millions of dollars has been spent on mining rigs and electricity if its been possible all this time to secure the network with a fraction of the resources.
Any coin that could provide the same level of security as Bitcoin, but spend 99.9&amp; less on mining would have a huge competitive edge as they could drive down the cost of processing transactions far lower.
If Bitcoin has been vulnerable all this time from a competitor who could achieve the same results with 0.01&amp; of the resources, why have people been investing hundreds of millions of dollars into Bitcoin?


The Federal Reserve was created by the government, its run by a board appointed by the president, their salaries are set by the Federal government, its profits go to the US treasury, other banks are legally required to hold stock in it and its granted monopoly powers to control the money supply that any other private entity would go to prison for imitating.
And they don't even have the power to print money, its the US Department of Treasury that has the power, and that definitely is a government department (which works in close cooperation with the Federal Reserve)
By that definition you could call a state owned oil monopoly a "private corporation" so long as it wasn't being directly run by the government.
If you want to use that definition of "private bank" okay, but then I need a new word to replace the use of the word "private" to mean not owned, created or given monopoly privileges by the government.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:58:46
If someone already owes you more money than they can ever pay back what benefit do you get from lending them yet more money?
They're still never going to be able to pay you back and now you just gave them even more money to not pay back.
@_date: 2018-07-15 20:53:10




None of that means:


His thermostat analogy says nothing about velocity not causing inflation. it explicitly invokes velocity as an independent causal variable with MV = Py and says that since the only variable the Fed can directly effect is M that is the one it needs to adjust in order to counteract changes in V and y, although V tends to be stable so it mainly involves reacting to changes in y rather than V. He still explicitly talks about fluctuations in V needing to be offset by changes in the money supply by the Fed.
Here's [friedman on the quantity theory of money]( where he explicitly talks about how velocity can cause inflation, and how velocity is influenced by far more than just the quantity of money. He explicitly says how things like the onset of war can cause a sharp drop in velocity due to uncertainty by consumers. He clearly describes it as a separate variable that is significantly effected by quantity buy not a passive effect of it.
@_date: 2018-07-13 13:28:24


I'm talking about the price, not any other definition of value. You can't have deflation/inflation of subjective value. Deflation and inflation are monetary phenomenon relating to the price level of goods and services in an economy relative to the purchasing power of currency.
If you have the same amount of money and that money buys more and more goods and services the only way that is possible is if the price of those goods and services decrease.
That is what deflation is.
you cannot simultaneously have the general level of prices rise while the purchasing power of currency increases.
you're playing games about what we're talking about to avoid the fact that if the value of currency goes up that means the amount of currency you get for goods and services goes down. this means if you hold most of your wealth in assets not currency deflation erodes the value of your assets.


That is not what you said.
You said "The rate of deflation is strictly driven by the growth of the economy"
This is not true. If Q stays equal any decrease in M or V will result in deflation. Q can rise and you can still have deflation as long as M or V decrease more than the rise in Q.
Also when M is fixed, V is not self stabilizing. Look at the velocity of bitcoin over the last 8 years.
@_date: 2018-07-10 20:52:12
Are you saying that the reason why decentralized currencies like gold lost out to centralized fiat is because of the cost of long distance transfers?
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:38:15


You're talking about an individual company making more money by producing more goods and services and selling them at a lower price.
That is not the same thing as the price of everything in society decreasing because the purchasing power of currency has increased.
If you were getting your salary paid in bitcoin your boss is not going to pay you exactly the same amount of bitcoin as 8 years ago because the purchasing power has massively increased so you now get much less. It's adjusted for deflation.
Businesses don't just gift profits to workers, they pay as much as they have to for the supply and demand for labor.


It would go down because most of the demand for student loans is funded by government subsidized debt and without subsidy banks would not lend $100,000 for some student to get a worthless degree they're going to barely be able to pay back.
Why do you think that means deflation will suddenly make a house 20x cheaper to build?
Bricks and steel and construction labor are not expensive because they're being inflated by government subsidized loans.
@_date: 2018-07-09 22:57:18


Please check the volume of trade during those times and then compare it with the volume of trade from 2010-2015
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:54:31


You're conflating two separate things here, supply and demand for labor and inflation.
China has had much higher inflation than the US over the last 40 years but wages have been booming, they've doubled several times in that time period, because supply and demand for labor is a separate entity to inflation/deflation.
Wages only don't keep up with inflation when they would be going down in real terms regardless because of a shrinking demand to supply ratio. Wages can rise faster than inflation, or slower than deflation. Inflation and deflation are monetary phenomenon, they are not specific to any goods or service.
Deflation/inflation do have specific effects on debt, because most debts are nominal, i.e. not adjusted for inflation/deflation. If you borrow $10,000 and then the value of $1 keeps going up and up that means the value of your debt is going up and up. If the value of the dollar doubles then your debt has doubled in size, and unless you wages also double you're going to struggle to pay them off.


It says money and debt are tokens to represent wealth for the purposes of trade, they are not the wealth themselves.
If money was actually wealth then we'd just print infinite money and be infinitely wealthy. But intuitively you already understand this doesn't work because it just means each unit of currency now represents a smaller piece of wealth.


So if everyone owed the same amount of money to each other and no one could pay, what would be the problem? It's not a global problem was my point. It's only a problem for the nations that are going to lose out from either not being able to pay or not being paid. All that does is change the distribution of wealth between nations, it doesn't destroy any wealth.


There's a problem for nations like Greece which have a very badly managed economy and lots of debt, and its also a problem for nations like Germany that have to shoulder the burden of bailing badly managed economies like Greece out. There's no problem for nations like China which have been managing their debt and economies well. Debt is just a tool like money, it can be used well or misused, it is not inherently good or bad.
@_date: 2018-07-14 16:49:00


Why are you saying this like I brought up the "Keynesian Credit cycle" to explain the great depression? 
You simultaneously accuse me of not understanding the "Keynesian credit cycle", and then when its pointed out that what you described isn't Keynes, but the austrian school business cycle theory you then say Keynes is "bullshit to justify theft" even though I never mentioned Keynes or advocated his theory and Keynes' theory is in direct contradiction to the theory I actually cited, which was the monetarist theory.


Yes, Friedman disagreed with Keynes. He also disagreed with the Austrian school theory which apparently means you have never read Friedman because you think its the same as the Austrian position just because they both disagree with Keynes that spending wasn't the solution.


The work Friedman literally won a nobel prize for was his work correcting Keynes that velocity isn't a passive function of the quantity of money but an independent variable which effects the rate of inflation.




You're speaking confidently about the different between Keynes, Austrian School and the Chicago school without knowing the basic differences. Instead of being so aggressively overconfident you should try admitting you have never actually read any Friedman and instead  ask questions instead of making up wrong answers and then trying to tell people who actually have read Friedman what Friedman said.
@_date: 2018-07-03 17:17:14
I think its the use of the word "probability" that is most likely to mislead. percentage makes it more clear that its about relative proportion of routes rather than the chance of any particular node.
then people would have an intuitive grasp of things that look counter-intuitive from the "probability" frame, like why it can be that seemingly less nodes have a better "probability" of routing a transaction, even though in practical terms adding more nodes and channels to the network cannot reduce the likelihood of a transaction going through.
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:55:19
It costs over a hundred thousand dollars to build the average house.
If dollars get replaced by bitcoin by tomorrow you still have to pay for all the labor and materials in bitcoin. you get paid in bitcoin. how exactly can you now afford enough to build a house in a couple of years of saving? Is your boss going to 10x your wage simply because we're using bitcoin now?


why might they?
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:35:44


It means people are using it as an asset instead of a currency.
Which is fine if you want another asset for your portfolio but not good if you want a new currency.
@_date: 2018-07-02 20:45:29
that was then, this is now.
Bitconeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeect had 1000% gains at one point. Past performance doesn't matter.
For a store of value, not losing value is far more important than gaining it.
If you want to gain value there are plenty of risky speculative investments you can invest in.
For a store of value its most important for the price to remain stable so you can plan for the future.
@_date: 2018-02-07 23:26:12
To be fair printing off a piece of paper and putting it in a plastic sleeve is a pretty big sunk cost. Better HODL until it pays for itself.
@_date: 2018-03-09 22:58:14
yeah, so called insider trading "regulations" don't exist to protect the common man, they serve to exploit him for the benefit of the rich.
@_date: 2018-03-01 17:54:06
There is an unlimited number of "immutable" cryptocurrencies, so this isn't the argument.
So then you're forced to resort to something like "well Bitcoin has the biggest mining network which makes it secure", which then has to resort to further circular arguments.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:40:40


Not knowing whether an investment is going to go up or down doesn't mean you should put money into it.
you would only do this if you thought it was going to go up, in which case your first line applies.
You can't cheat randomness with any particular betting strategy.
@_date: 2017-10-17 13:10:07


Those cards still transfer dollars. They can only operate with a non-blockchain currency to use as a medium of exchange.
So the dollar collapses, the government creates a new currency that's pegged to bitcoin. Why?
The government had dollars pegged to gold for years, but then realized its more useful not to peg a currency to a resource, that way you can increase and decrease the supply of money based on the needs of the economy rather than how much of one resource you can get hold of.
Bitcoin is deflationary, which is not what governments want from a currency because governments (and corporations) run on debt, and deflation discourages debt by making debt more expensive over time.
Not only do governments want debt but so do individuals and corporations. If the average person got a mortgage in bitcoin 2 years ago they would already be bankrupt. No one wants to save money for things because the marginal utility is terrible. Saving for 30 years and then buying a house is a lot less useful than buying the house with debt and then paying it off for 30 years. You still end up paying the same amount, but you get to use the house for 30 years whilst you're paying.


Bitcoin is far more volatile than USD or any other major fiat currency. This is not an argument in favor of bitcoin.


No one knows the future, that's not a meaningful point to make. That doesn't mean that you can't say anything about what is likely to happen. Gold is not likely to be replaced by bottlecaps as a store of value, USD is not likely to be replaced by bitcoin as a functional currency.
@_date: 2018-02-11 16:55:54
Whether you trade your bitcoins for dollars or goods and services you are not "hodling" them if you exchange from something.
"holding" is about hoarding bitcoin to speculate on future price increases. That people try to pretend its somehow something else is crazy, and leads to muddled thinking like "I use bitcoin to buy things all the time, I just always rebuy so I have the same amount!"
@_date: 2018-02-27 11:44:40
Tax fraud isn't smart, especially after you've already publicly admitted to it.
@_date: 2017-10-13 13:10:50


'I did' is not a percentage. your use of past tense is also conspicuous.
You can find out the rough percentage if you like by googling the ratio of market cap to daily transactions. You might not like what you find though.


If 2 years ago you had $50 in dollars and $50 in bitcoin, why would you pay in the currency that is now worth hundreds of dollars rather than the currency that is now worth less than $50?
There is no difference other than the opportunity cost of hundreds of dollars you're standing to lose or gain.
Bitcoins are deflationary and dollars are inflationary.
In 2 years 50 dollars in dollars will be worth less than what its worth now. There is no incentive to save in dollars. This is what keeps the velocity of dollars high because no one wants to hold onto large amounts of dollars for long, they want to spend it on things or invest in things that won't decrease in value. This makes it a useful currency because if you have shit you want to sell you will always find people who want to swap dollars for it.
People also like dollars because when you get debt in dollars the value of debt decreases over time. If you got a $200,000 mortgage in bitcoins 2 years ago you would be financially ruined by now, there's no way you could ever repay the mortgage.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:30:01


That's a good deal for the person who convinced the other person to accept bitcoins.
Is it a good deal for the person who sold a $480,000 apartment for 45 bitcoins that are now worth $285,000?
Do you think they're going to be selling many more apartments for Bitcoin in the near future? What was the benefit in accepting bitcoins instead of accepting $480,000 which would still be worth $480,000?
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:37:13


If you assume Lightning can scale to millions without any bureaucracy then yes its possible that even though the cost of routing transactions is higher on a decentralized model, that the vastly reduced bureaucracy costs makes it a cheaper option, but that is a massive if.
Lightning is not even handling 2000 active users at a time and already the need for a bureaucracy is becoming apparent, with concepts like Watchtowers already coming about.
There is no magic that comes with "decentralization" that somehow obviates the need for people to work on maintaining and securing servers that are processing transactions. 
A million non-technical decentralized node operators who maybe have 10 minutes a day spare time to dedicate towards maintaining/protecting their node are not going to be able to compete with a centralized crew who can have several people working 24/7 on maintaining and securing a single node. The difference in economies of scale and concentration of benefits would be immense.
There's no way a small individual node could ever make enough money so that the owner could afford to work on it as a full time job. It's perfectly possible that a node that is processing millions of transactions a day will be making enough money to pay a staff of 20 highly qualified network security technicians who can react to attacks and technical problems and maintain very high reliability.
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:22:12
Doesn't that mean we've also seen people sell Bitcoin for property?
Which is the sucker? 
@_date: 2018-07-05 22:29:51


So either its a good thing its inflationary or its a bad thing in which case you should support a deflationary coin instead, right?
you can't simultaneously say well bitcoin is inflationary and will be for 122 years so it doesn't matter if deflation is bad and then say actually maybe deflation is a good thing. If its a good thing then its a bad thing that bitcoin is inflationary.
Unless there's some reason inflation will be good for 122 years but turn bad in 123 years.


That article isn't making any distinction between monetary deflation and prices going down because things are becoming cheaper to manufacture, which makes it irrelevant to the concept I am talking about which is monetary deflation.


How about just coming up with a reason deflation is good for economies before wondering whether it might help in some specific circumstance in the future.
@_date: 2017-10-17 18:35:26


What currency would Visa/Mastercards be transferring?
it can't be Bitcoin because it takes too long and doesn't have the transaction capacity. So either its something that you use as a token for value that isn't tied to the value of bitcoin (i.e. a fiat currency, as Bitcoin debit cards currently do), or its a currency tied to the value of bitcoin (i.e. a pegged currency).


Every national currency in the world is unpegged from gold. If fiat currency was a competitive disadvantage compared to gold standard why the wouldn't a single country have kept the gold standard given that it took decades to phase out the gold standard.


Deflationary currencies like gold have now become stores of wealth because people don't spend deflationary currency they hoard it, which slows the economy because everyone is waiting for their currency to become worth more instead of spending it. Inflationary currencies work great because people don't like to leave currency sitting losing value they want to invest it or spend it on things as quickly as possible before it loses value. 
Bitcoin has become predominantly a store of wealth rather than a currency for the same reason.


That isn't happening. Bitcoin was far less volatile in its first 6 months than it has been in its last 6 months. Mainly because it was only a few nerds actually using it rather than millions of people ~~gambling on it~~ investing in it. Increasing speculation makes the risk of large market corrections higher, not lower.
The percentage of people using bitcoin as a currency has decreased at the same time the amount of people speculating on it has skyrocketed. This is the opposite of what you want to see if you want it to become a stable, functional currency.
@_date: 2018-07-10 10:48:16
If the trade volume in bitcoin is the same but the price in USD is double then the volume in USD is also double.
When we're talking about how many people bought in at X price in USD then its the volume in USD that matters.
The trade volume in December was more than double what it was in November.
More USD trade volume happened in December than in the whole of 2016, and more than all the trade from 2009-2015 combined.
Huge numbers of people entered the market at its peak, that's why it was the peak. it serves nothing and no one to pretend otherwise. 
@_date: 2018-07-11 17:49:31
$1000 trillion by the end of this sentence of John McAffee gargles his balls.
@_date: 2018-02-14 12:58:32
When someone sends you euros and you only accept dollars, and a 3rd party like Paypal exchanges euros for dollars that is not buying back the same currency you spent. It's a one way trade. The buyer ends up with less euros, you end up with more dollars. the buyer does not end up with the same amount of euros, you don't end up with the same amount of dollars.
As I said, converting a currency is not what I'm talking about, its immediately buying it back after exchanging it for goods and services.
Someone running a currency exchange business is not a relevant counter example to what I'm talking about. Just because something is exchanged doesn't mean you're treating it as a currency. There are precious metal exchanges and you can send someone metal in exchange for dollars or euros, doesn't make metal a currency.
I'm talking about consumers using one "currency" to buy goods and services and then immediately buying that currency back with another, which is effectively treating the first "currency" as an asset, not a medium of exchange.
If you don't obfuscate the direction of trades its obvious what is happening. you are accomplishing nothing more by obfuscating and are simply wasting money on fees. It's make-work designed to try and make bitcoin appear valuable when in fact its not being used for anything.
@_date: 2018-07-01 18:22:59
How is it better than USD, which is highly in demand, accepted by Venezuelan merchants (who much prefer it to Bolivars), and hasn't lost 70&amp; of its value in the last 6 months?
Or any other asset that can't be used as currency that has either kept its value or increased in value?
@_date: 2018-07-14 16:37:52


They bailed themselves out with money they created from nothing:


How exactly is taking 36% of an account holders money and replacing it with a promise to pay them their money different from a fractional reserve?
Tell me again that its impossible to run a fractional reserve on bitcoin when one of the biggest exchanges replaced 36% of their users bitcoins with a promise to pay them back and its still one of the most popular exchanges.


no, the prices in prison are impacted by the velocity of prison currencies.
The equation of exchange describes price relations for a specific currency, it does not describe the cost of goods in other currencies. Goods can be priced in two separate currencies and their prices be independent due to the difference in quantity and velocity of currency pursuing those goods. It is basic supply and demand. Quantity and velocity of a currency effect prices in that currency. You can't 100x the velocity and expect the prices to stay the same.
What you're hinting at is the reality that 99.9% of use of bitcoin is not using it as a currency. It's a speculative investment that people sell for other currencies that they then use, therefore it doesn't affect anythings price because everything is just being priced in USD anyway.
@_date: 2018-02-11 23:29:28
Do you think Google was the first Search Engine? Do you think Facebook was the first social media network?


Do you know what came before TCP/IP?
@_date: 2018-02-25 19:47:27
It's evidence of unusual trading activity, not spam. If it was evidence of spam in itself no one would need to ask for additional evidence, it would be self-evident.
I don't know why you highlighted either of those two lines as if they somehow proved it was spam. "behaving strangely" does not mean its spam. 
All they are is all there is, unusual trading activity that some people claim they know is spam and other people honestly admit that it might or might not be spam.
the only confirmed spam attacks have been where the person announced it as deliberate, and no one is asking for evidence of those.
"it looks like spam" is not evidence, its a claim that requires evidences. It's like 9/11 truthers who say "it looks like a controlled demolition" and use that as evidence and refuse the need for additional evidence beyond "XYZ are suspicious so it must be a conspiracy".
@_date: 2018-07-13 15:23:04
Bitcoin is the currency of the future because it requires you to create a futures contract to guard against volatility?
What an incredible use case. Much better than just directly trading in a currency you don't need to short before every major transaction.
Mass adoption in 3... 2.... 1....
@_date: 2018-07-05 22:32:20
If you couldn't predict that Bitcoin was going to lose half its value in 2014 and half again in 2015, why would you be able to predict that it was going to go up by 2016?
Buying in 2014 meant paying as much as 4x more than you would have had to in 2015. That was a terrible year to buy bitcoin and trying to spin it as a positive just because later it went up is not honest. you might as say at one point bitcoin was worth $0.05 so as long as its higher than $0.05 its a good investment.
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:51:42


Nothing about Gold or Bitcoin stops a fractional reserve being possible. 
The only thing that stops fractional reserves is laws saying people can't run them.
During the Free Banking Era banks used to collapse much more regularly than they do now because they were almost completely unregulated and so tried to use as small a reserve as they could get away with to maximize their profits.
It's government laws mandating a certain reserve that reduce the risk of catastrophic bank runs.
Look at how many runs there have been on bitcoin exchanges if you think bitcoin is somehow immune. Of course due to the community Bitcoin attracts no exchange will admit to running a fractional reserve so you don't even get the benefits of interest payments, just the risk that you might buy some bitcoin from an exchange and then find you can't withdraw it because a run was just triggered on the exchange and they "temporarily suspended withdrawals" for "maintenance issues".
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:41:43
If you're already paying the maximum you can pay back forever there's no way a creditor can make any more money off you than that. loaning you more money is just throwing it away, you're already paying them the maximum possible.
@_date: 2018-07-02 21:02:57
Does that mean monopoly money and Tether is a better store of value?
@_date: 2018-07-13 11:47:43


Are you saying when the economy grows the rate of deflation increases? Or that deflation increases when the economy shrinks?
Neither of those things are true, you can have deflation both with a growing and a shrinking economy, you can have inflation both with a growing and shrinking economy.
Deflation/inflation is a monetary phenomenon. It's a dynamic relationship between the quantity and velocity of money versus the amount of goods and services being traded.
It is loosely described with the formula MV = PQ where M is the quantity of money, V is the velocity, P is the general price level and Q is real expenditure on new goods and services


Okay you don't seem to understand what deflation is at all.
If money buys more that means things have to be worth less relative to money. If deflation is 10% that means the general level of prices in the economy has decreased by 10%. 
If prices haven't decreased then that means your money doesn't buy any more than it did which means you haven't had deflation.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:19:31
[There is already a thriving black market in USD in Venezuela](
USD is the only way you can properly price goods and services in Venezuela anymore because of how volatile Bolivares are, although most stores still accepted Bolivares.
@_date: 2017-10-13 17:20:01


You just said people shouldn't be thinking they shouldn't spend bitcoins since they'll be worth more later, which implies you do actually have an opinion on how you perceive it.
How bitcoin is perceived is entirely relevant to how much its worth. Is it a currency or is it a speculative asset? Right not the vast majority of people are using it as a speculative asset, not a currency, even though those same people claim the reason its valuable is because its a great new currency that's going to revolutionize the financial system.
That strongly indicates unrealistic bubble thinking, especially from the people who think it will indefinitely increase in value at the current rate which is literally impossible.


If you are going to try and be a speculator it makes sense to at least diversify your portfolio somewhat. If you had $5,000 of bitcoin and now its worth $50,000, its silly to keep everything tied up in bitcoin when it could collapse and you'd never realize all that wealth. Putting $5,000 of that into gold or an index fund would put some kind of floor on the losses you could likely take.
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:18:48
Just look at a website like Reddit. It attracts far more viewers per day than some msm network like CNN.
They're getting so desperate now I've even heard rumors that they're going to try and buy up websites like Reddit, but what they don't understand is the internet is a free place not to be bought and sold by corporate masters.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:00:16
A global default is not possible.
Debt is owed from one party to another. You cannot owe yourself so much money that you are unable to pay, or rather you can but that doesn't matter since you are the debtor and the creditor. If we were an inter-planetary species then maybe we could worry about Martians coming and taking all of our wealth. As it is debt only represents the possibility of moving wealth from one hand to another, and that is not an inherently bad thing.
Debt is only a problem for countries that have bad debt and weak fundamentals and owe more debt than they are owed without the means to pay it back. When debt generates more wealth than it costs debt is a net gain for the economy. You cannot properly understand anything about debt simply by alarmism over the quantity of debt rather than the quality. More good debt is better than less bad debt.
What debt catastrophism ignores is that most debt is cancelled out by other debt and in many cases the majority of debt is owed ~~intra-governmentally, which simply makes it a form of accounting between different branches of government.~~ intra-nationally either between different branches of governments, which makes it a form of government accounting, or from government to citizens. since those debts owned by citizens are paid by taxes on citizens that means its simply a question of distribution, not of overall burden. Whether a government raises taxes so it can pay debts to its citizens, or simply defaults on debt, the net result is citizens paying, the only question is which citizens.
It does not represent any fundamental weakness or threat to the economy.
People talk about debt as if it requires launching wealth into the sun, instead of just moving wealth from one person to another, and it rarely makes economic sense to bankrupt someone to the point they can never pay you back. These are economic lessons learned nearly 100 years ago.
@_date: 2018-02-14 14:53:03
I've heard this said a lot, is there a source for evidence that reduced transaction volume is coming mainly from exchanges batching transactions, and not just more people holding because of price drops?
Seems oddly coincidental that exchanges would start batching transactions just as the price drops dramatically.
@_date: 2018-07-13 11:39:20


Inflation erodes the burden of debt, deflation increases it. How is inflation a threat to debt levels?


Debt and money aren't wealth they're tokens for wealth. If all the money and debt in the world disappeared tomorrow exactly as much wealth would exist as existed before and we could just create new money and debts to trade it with.


A global default isn't possible. The globe doesn't owe anyone any money. the "global debt" is made up of nations and institutions owing money to each other. Some nations that have high levels of bad debt and poor economic fundamentals might default, like Greece did, at which point the IMF and any other relevant organizations will step in to provide support and restructure the debt.
@_date: 2018-02-09 12:48:20
Except demand is almost entirely led by speculators, not users. 
Gambling on how many think its a useful currency when near everyone is gambling on it paying off as a speculative asset is not smart gambling.
 
@_date: 2018-07-05 13:27:08


"people still need to eat" doesn't work when it becomes more profitable for people to hoard money than to invest it in building factories and businesses that generate wealth and employ people, and so people aren't getting paid so people don't have any money to buy food.
If deflation is at 10% a year, and the expected return on building a new factory is 9% a year, then there's no reason for the business to take the risk or the effort of building a new factory which might fail when they can just sit on the money and get a guaranteed higher return. This is how deflationary spirals happen because the more people hoard money the higher the deflation rate is so the more profitable it becomes to hoard money than invest it in production.
The deflationist response to this is "well thats good, that means people will only invest in things that produce 11% return", but that's a stupid zero-sum idea of wealth, that thinks if you generate wealth at 5% that somehow is stopping someone from generating wealth at 11%, so its a good thing if its no longer profitable to generate wealth at 5% because you will now be forced to generate wealth at a higher rate. If deflation was 50% a year that wouldn't suddenly mean every business can now make 50% returns a year. No one is deliberately making less money than they could just because the deflation rate isn't high.
[People just resort to barter if currency is sufficiently deflationary that too many people are hoarding it instead of using it to trade.](
And barter is very inefficient which compounds the destructive economic effects of deflation.
Of course, that only happens when there is only one currency available and the only alternative is barter.
With Bitcoin the alternative is what people are already doing, hoarding bitcoin and then using fiat when they actually want to trade goods and services.
@_date: 2018-07-02 14:53:39
It's still an altcoin, secured by the bitcoin blockchain, immutable and verifiable.
It has the 10th biggest market cap and is the most stable crypto ever devised.
@_date: 2018-03-25 18:14:38
There's a point to make as well beyond how deflation will encourage hoarding and make the currency uncompetitive compared to ones that aren't deflationary, which is that even if hoarding didn't destroy the utility of the currency, those who owned significant portions of bitcoin would never be forced to evenly distribute it.
As long as they spend a smaller percentage of their bitcoin than the rate of deflation, they won't see a real terms decrease in their wealth, and the compounding effects of deflation will just mean they only have to peel off a smaller and smaller % of their fortune every year to maintain the same living standard, exponentially decreasing down to 0 but never hitting it, so eventually after thousands of years a bitcoin dynasty could be peeling off only 0.1 satoshi off a 100,000 BTC fortune and still be living like royalty.
Of course, this will never happen because the world isn't going to impoverish itself to get smaller and smaller fractions of bitcoins to run their economy on because currency is just trade tokens and there's absolutely nothing stopping people from just creating new trade tokens if they have need of them. Deflationary/inflationary currencies only survive to the extent at which the cost of switching is higher than the cost of trying to use that currency.
Barter was becoming competitive during the Great Depression and deflation only peaked at 10% a year. The levels of deflation that would come from a currency exponentially decreasing in supply while demand exponentially increased would be completely unsustainable, which is why bitcoin will never graduate from being a speculative asset that is occasionally used to facilitate the transfer of fiat where directly trading fiat isn't feasible because of laws.
@_date: 2018-07-10 10:07:39
Which other "stores of value" have had a 70% drop in the last 3 years and regularly fluctuate by as much as 10% a day?
@_date: 2018-07-09 21:58:50
I was joking. Reddit is owned by Conde Naste. The vast majority of everything anyone sees on the internet is controlled by less than 10 companies.
The internet has gone through incredible levels of centralization over the last 20 years, and not from government intervention but from simple economies of scale and network effect.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:18:50
How are venezuelans supposed to use Bitcoin for trading when last month the median fee was higher than the minimum wage for an entire month?
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:44:05


You haven't explained how "unsound money" somehow means you can have deflation at the same time as a reduction in economic output.
Isn't the argument that sound money is sound because you can't just print more of it? How is printing more money supposed supposed to cause deflation?
The USD was still backed by gold during the Great Depression.
Why do you think the federal reserve means gold is no longer sound money? You can run a fractional reserve on any asset, including bitcoin.


Many exchanges have run fractional reserves on bitcoin. There is nothing about bitcoin that stops you from running a fractional reserve on it anymore than gold.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:38:58


If its a central bank then its not a private bank. A central bank by definition has unique powers granted by the state that no private individual has or can have, although they usually have some level of autonomy.
The CIA is not a private organization just because its not directly controlled or accountable to the government. 


[Unless a hacker figures out a way to create 182 billion bitcoins from nowhere](
Or unless miners all agree to vote to change the protocol in which case they can print as many as they like.
Of course they're not likely to do that while they're still making a lot of money selling Bitcoins based on the idea there'll never be any more of them. Once they're no longer getting any meaningful income from mining then the incentives changes. They will now have millions of dollars of mining equipment that no longer generates any meaningful income
@_date: 2018-07-15 22:16:51


If a gold bank takes peoples gold and replaces it with a crypto token they just invented then that is also not taking anything from anyone who didn't bank with them, and no one was ever forced to deposit their gold there or "take a loss for them".
They volunteered to put gold in the bank so anything that happens to it is voluntary?
That's a pretty bad definition of "voluntary". Just because you agree to let someone store something for you doesn't mean they can steal it from you and pay you back with a token they just invented.


Fractional reserve gold banks ran for hundreds of years, regularly collapsing. There's no reason you can't indefinitely run fractional reserves on "sound money". When one collapses another comes to take its place. 
What about bitcoin means you can't run a fractional reserve on them but you can on bitcoin?
All it requires is that customers be willing to accept a promise instead of the real thing, which apparently you think they will because they'll accept a BFX token in place of bitcoin or dollars.


No I don't think a government bailout is the same thing as a private company bailing itself out with its own customers money. Are you trying to convince me that they are? If you don't believe that they are why do you want me to say that they are when I don't think that? So you can get some meaningless "win"?
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:19:55
slaves don't get to quit and slaves generally don't get paid.
The only way to produce the things necessary for survival is with work. Either your work or someone elses (even a robots). If you aren't planning on working for a living that means you're planning on living off someone elses work. Is it better to be a wage slave or a wage slave owner?
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:55:43
Why would someone sending thousands or millions of dollars care enough about saving 2 dollars than the risk that their transaction might not go through as quick as they like?
People will pay an extra $10 to get a delivery next morning instead of next afternoon, you think there aren't people willing to pay an extra $10 to get a major financial transaction to go through in the next 10 minutes?
@_date: 2018-07-02 17:55:34
When does which TA say it will hit 3k and how much does it have to be off by for TA to be bullshit?
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:24:17
If everyone thought like this there wouldn't have been a crypto bubble in the first place.
@_date: 2018-07-02 15:10:58
This is FUD from shills/nocoiners trying to undermine Bitcoin.
Tether is secured on the bitcoin blockchain. It is the most stable cryptocurrency ever invented.
Are you saying that the most stable cryptocurrency is a bad investment? What does that make all the others?
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:59:17
Bitcoin being in an asset bubble doesn't mean blockchain technology is worthless, it means bitcoin is significantly over valued.
Internet companies being overvalued during the dotcom bubble didn't mean the technology of the internet was worthless, it means it was a bad time to put your life savings into one of those companies.
Being market leader didn't save netscape, it didn't save yahoo, and its naive to think it will save bitcoin. Allowing a speculative bubble to develop has pretty much killed Bitcoins future as a currency because price volatility will prevent it from achieving widespread adoption and will leave room for a more stable less speculation prone coin to overtake it as a functional currency.


Only if you cash out at the right time. a lot of people were millionaires on paper before the last housing crash but ended up with nothing.
@_date: 2018-07-03 11:28:01
Ah, that makes a lot more sense. Although there do seem to be some nodes where the total funds exceed the number of channels x maximum funding per channel but I assume thats down to less than perfect stat collection.
Is there a simple explanation for why the network minus top 5 most channeled nodes can exceed the probability of the chance to connect with all the nodes?
Is it down to those nodes tending to have more dead end/low funded channels connected to it so has a lower percentage of successful routes than the average channel even if in absolute numbers it has more?
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:33:44


Unless its exponentially more expensive to run a large payment network with millions of people than it is for a couple thousand hobbyists to run some software on their cloud hosting when no one is depending on it to be reliable or widely used.
There is 0 fee to downloading a torrent. That doesn't mean Netflix can replace their streaming services with torrents and drop their costs for streaming to 0.
People seem to be confusing fee with cost.
@_date: 2018-07-09 17:12:16
I'm a bird lawyer and I can confirm that this person is making a lot of good points. You can tell the level of legal expertise by how much of it is in all caps.
@_date: 2018-07-10 22:19:29
The only reason you've given for why bitcoin will succeed where gold failed doesn't apply to gold because gold was replaced by fiat before digital transfers were even possible.
Your first and only suggestion for why bitcoin is going to succeed where gold failed was irrelevant to the reason gold failed.
What does that tell me about the quality of reasons available for believing bitcoin is going to succeed?
@_date: 2018-07-09 14:22:27


Immutable means unable to be changed.
It doesn't matter whether its the result of a software exploit or some other hack, it doesn't matter if its controversial or not. If bitcoin can be removed from the ledger by a code change they can also be added by a code change. If it can be changed its not immutable.
That everyone who was invested in Bitcoin had an incentive to agree to the change because only the person who created 184.4 billion bitcoins without doing proof of work stood to benefit from not reversing it, does not protect against a situation where the incentives are more divided than literally everyone who owns bitcoin except for 1 person wanting a change.
In the context of Bitcoin "immutable" just means "so long as the devs and the miners want it and enough consumers don't oppose it for it to still be financially viable for devs and miners".
Which anyone paying attention knew already, but its nice to have it confirmed with concrete proof that the ledger can and will be rolled back if there are any hacks to the bitcoin code that cause serious disruption to the ledger.
@_date: 2018-07-03 13:39:24
Depends how you're paying, many exchanges have some level of fixed or minimum fee, assuming your bank/credit card isn't charging any addition fees.
Some places also have a maximum fee (i.e. 1% up to a maximum of $50) which means buying a lot at once can reduce your overall fee compared to spreading it out.
If there's no difference in the overall percentage then yes it doesn't make a difference to EV whether you're spreading out or not assuming you're not making any prediction about price.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:24:59
I thought on chain transactions weren't meant for small transactions but for transferring large amounts of wealth?
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:00:09
I thought you liked people who thought Bcash was a terrible idea?
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:31:48
None of 5 points involved debt catastrophism. The level of debt when the stock market crashed was a tiny level compared to now, and the level of debt during the recovery out of the Great Depression was much higher than the time preceding the Great Depression. There is no explanation given in those 5 points for why banks failed and why consumer spending collapsed, it does not touch the underlying cause of both those things. The Great Depression wasn't caused by debt. A stock market crash triggered a recession which triggered a deflationary spiral which collapsed the money supply because a poorly managed gold standard fractional reserve. 


The fact "gold standard" and "fractional reserve" and "mismanagement by the Federal Reserve" are not mentioned as the underlying causes behind the deflationary spiral that collapsed the economy is because its a K12 High School level worksheet for a history class and not an economics textbook, not because those things just randomly happened with no explanation.
The closest it comes to actually explaining is in one paragraph:


Why did banks not have sufficient reserves? 
It's not explained in that PDF because its written for a high school level history class, not a college level economics class.
@_date: 2017-10-31 16:01:07
banking doesn't rely purely on encryption for security. 
centralization allows it to take lots of security measures that a decentralized system can't. banks can privately communicate with each other but you can't privately transfer data on a public blockchain, everyone has to be able to see what you're transferring.
if someone breaks the encryption on private communication you still have to compromise that communication line, whereas if someone breaks encryption on public communication its there for anyone to see.
A centralized system can easily react to insecurities and change the way their system operates, whereas the way bitcoin works means it would be useless if someone could just easily change its underlying mechanisms.
Encryption is important in public communication, because you need a way for people to exchange keys over an insecure line, without compromising the encryption, i.e. Diffie Helman key exchange.
Banks don't need to do this. Hell they could go back to just transferring paper records if they had to, although there's more high tech ways for them to privately transfer data.
@_date: 2017-10-19 17:27:57


You can't come up with a precise figure because economies are dynamic systems. for example, volatility caused by speculation actively disrupts utility of the currency so you can't say exactly how valuable it would be without that volatility until you remove it. Sufficed to say that in a system where 90%+ of bitcoin users are using it as a speculative asset, not a currency, you can safely say that most of the current value is based on speculation.


There are many reasons its not applicable. 
-bitcoins price is currently far exceeding what metcalfes law says so the idea its somehow predictive of bitcoins increase in value is demonstrably false
-there's no evidence that Metcalfe's law applies to currencies and commodities just because they happen to share some similarities as a network. There are obvious and significant differences that means you can't just treat them as a telecoms network.
-Even if Metcalfe's law applied to a currency as much as a telephone network, its a complete misunderstanding of metcalfes law to think that the "value" being talked about is the monetary value of each node of the network. The overall value of the network does not map to the value of the individual nodes. A phone network of 1,000 people is exponentially more valuable than a phone network of 100. That doesn't mean you could sell each phone for exponentially more. That's not how economics works. The economies of scale mean that each phone becomes cheaper. The economies of scale of bitcoin production would make bitcoin cheaper if it was designed to be inflationary rather than deflationary. 
-even in the field of telecoms, where it was designed to apply, it is not some unbreakable law as the name suggests, but [a general trend that doesn't always hold](
-people simply buying bitcoin to speculate on does not add a "node" to the network in the same way that adding a phone to the phone network does. If the person isn't buying things in bitcoin, or selling things in bitcoin, then its not a functional node, its a static asset. the only thing the vast majority of bitcoin users buy and sell is dollars (or equivalent native currency). There are far more "nodes" buying and selling soybeans than bitcoins, but there is no soybean currency network because none of those people are using it as a currency they're just buying and sell
@_date: 2018-07-10 16:38:56
that doesn't make bitcoin a store of value.
you're not using "store of value" any different than "investment that makes money". 
store of value refers to a specific concept.
@_date: 2018-07-12 16:26:45


Excepts torrents aren't competitive at scale and against centralization.
They're only useful for things that either A) aren't worth centralizing or B) would be illegal to centralize.
The technology itself is not cheaper or more effective than traditional centralization. End users pay no up front fees because the costs are distributed, its not any cheaper.
@_date: 2018-07-02 16:47:44
Is 42coin better than Bitcoin then, because 42coin is $27,000 at the moment, which is 4x more than the price of bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:21:47
Or people stop taking on new debt but start earning more and so the growth of their earnings exceeds the growth of the debt and they can pay it off?
@_date: 2017-10-13 21:04:01


You seem to be confusing digital storage with a separate currency. Recording an amount of dollars on paper or on a computer does not exchange it for another form of currency. $10 in a bank computer is worth exactly $10 in paper. They're 100% interchangeable.
A dollar debit card transfers dollars. You pay dollars in and it can be used to pay dollars out.
A resource based debit card like a gold debit card or a bitcoin debit card does not transfer gold or bitcoin. Merchants aren't accepting gold or bitcoin when you use one of these cards they're still accepting dollars, a 3rd party is merely exchanging gold or bitcoin into dollars on your behalf.
This is no different from selling bitcoin for dollars every time you want to buy something and then paying in dollars, other than someone else is doing it for you. It is in no way using bitcoin as a currency. It's using it as a store of wealth and continuing to use dollars as a currency.


What if it shoots down unexpectedly? Do you check the exchange rate of bitcoin every time you buy something?


It can be used as currency, when someone directly buys something with a bitcoin. Which rarely happens because of how few people accept bitcoin, and how long it can take for small purchases to go through. Exchanging bitcoins for dollars and then exchanging dollars for goods and services isn't using it as a currency anymore than exchanging soybeans for dollars and then using dollars to buy goods and services makes soybeans a currency. 
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:14:37
Bolivares are still being used for more trade than Bitcoin despite 40,000% inflation.
What does that tell you about the competitiveness of Bitcoin to even the least stable fiat?
The minimum wage in Venezuela is around $2. Last month the median  Bitcoin transaction fee hit $2.10, yesterday it was 10 cents.
To make just 1 transaction a day, at 10 cents a transaction would cost 150% of the monthly minimum wage.
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:34:24


You realize when someone spends a dollar it doesn't disappear right, and the person who received it can then spend it on something else?
Each dollar changes hands hundreds or thousands of times in its lifetime.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:51:50
It accidentally highlights catastrophic misconceptions about how money works.
Banks ran out of money during the great depression and it helped to completely fuck the economy for years.
This was in part because the dollar was running on the gold standard, and they couldn't easily adjust the amount of money in the system to account for the amount of wealth in the economy.
Shortly before the great depression the amount of money decreased by 35%, and as a result prices deflated by 33%.
Rapid deflation fucks economies as much as rapid inflation. When prices rapidly deflate no one wants to buy anything because their money will be worth much more in a weeks time than now.
This causes a vicious cycle where people stop buying goods and services, which puts companies out of business, which means people lose their jobs, so people have even less money for goods and services.
Bitcoin is already struggling with the effects of deflation and they haven't even hit the hard limit on coins yet. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 22:14:00
Anyone who thinks you can get rich quick off a measly $600 investment is clearly a rube.
Don't waste your money on get rich quick schemes
TO THE MOON MY HODLERS!
@_date: 2018-07-12 18:59:50


Banks collapsed in the Great Depression because the Federal Reserve was pursuing a silly deflationary policy where they thought letting banks collapse and collapsing the money supply with them would somehow allow the market to correct itself and that deflation was curative even though it was causing mass money hoarding and disinvestment in economic production.
Since then economists like Milton Friedman have actually studied how deflation and money work and now government can avoid a crash in the stock market from triggering a deflationary spiral, they can also control the rate of inflation much better than previously.
Inflation in the US hasn't been above 10% since the early 1980s, it hasn't been above 5% since the early 1990s. This is not a coincidence or random luck, its the result of decades of progress in the field of economics.


The 2008 crisis was caused by a huge fraudulent bubble in Credit Default Swaps and over leveraging into subprime loans.
Neither of those things are still happening.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:03:49
Whether on the system or individual level you're still saying there are creditors lending money that will never be paid back, which makes no sense.
If a person, nation, or organization owes more money than they could ever pay back why would you want to lend them more money given that even if they pay you the maximum they possibly can forever you're never going to be paid back?
you've just given away extra debt you could have spent yourself.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:06:38
Why would they do that when they already have a system that confirms transactions almost instantly?
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:33:55
Nothing in their post history seems to contradict anything I've said.
They're saying Bolivares are still being used as currency, stores only accept Bolivares (although this contradicts news reports that USD is also accepted on the black market), the average person is too poor to be able to save any meaningful amount of money in bitcoin ($0.50 a month).
It seems pretty clear that Bitcoin is not being used as a replacement currency even when a nation is going through catastrophic hyper-inflation.
The average person could not afford the fees of the blockchain network.
Using USD and Bolivares in cash appears to be the only realistic option for the average person.
@_date: 2018-07-03 17:09:13
It publicly broadcasts the balance of every node, and if its supposed to be a replacement for a bank account are you comfortable with any company you send money to knowing exactly how much you have in your bank account?
Do you think that kind of information would be of no interest to them?


Have you heard of Watchtowers?
I suppose you could just use a separate Lightning node for every transaction.
@_date: 2018-07-03 17:19:12


How does a node work out whether a node it is connected to has sufficient capacity to route a transaction if it can't get this information?
If you look at any of the node stats sights you can see how much is in each channel of the vast majority of nodes.
you might not consider this a "public broadcast" given the information is not perfect but the vast majority of information about how many channels there are and how much is in those channels is publicly accessible.
@_date: 2018-07-02 22:22:38


The nodes with the most channels have significantly more capacity than this:
The top 5 nodes account for 16% of all channels and have a mean average capacity of 1.2 BTC, which is 19.9% of all the capacity on the network, at least according to 1ml.
It would be interesting to see how different this graph would be without those 5 nodes.
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:14:49


If the price of most things goes down that means wages also go down since wages are paid with the profits on goods and services.
you cant magic wealth from nowhere with deflation.


No one pays 300K interest on a 200K mortgage.


How is delaying the time you can stop paying rent and enjoy your own house by 30 years a good thing?
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:03:12
So why are people still using Bolivars and USD as currency and not Bitcoins?
If its not more useful as currency, then why do they care if its 'only' lost 70% of its value in 6 months vs 99.5%?
There are plenty of other things you could store your value in that aren't going to lose any value.


Compare that to almost any asset that hasn't lost 70% of its value 
@_date: 2018-07-13 14:32:53


I know of lots of assets that aren't so volatile you could easily lose 10% on the day your contract goes through and 60% a few months later.
If you set up a large contract due to be paid in 6 months 6 months ago you would be absolutely ruined.
how does being "cryptographically transparent" make up for it being completely unreliable as a method of payment or a store of value?


Unless the use case is "makes money for a tiny number of speculators at the expense of much larger number of later speculators", that is not a use case anybody else cares about.
People care about money being stable and widely accepted, not "cryptographically transparent". Bitcoin is neither.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:52:36


Yup, that's who is buying half a million dollar dubai apartments in full, in cash, in a digital currency thats been involved in billions of dollars of money laundering and black market trade.
It's the instagram generation, famously wealthy enough to buy luxury apartments without a mortgage.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:20:12
In 2008 there was 3.8% inflation. In 2009 there was -0.4%
TARP was signed into law in October 2008.
If this seems counter intuitive to you, you might want to read some monetarist theory before you call other people moron.
@_date: 2018-07-11 15:12:06
VISA is also borderless, it doesn't mean there aren't lots of countries where its widely accepted as a form of payment.
If you don't think bitcoin is ever going to be widely accepted anywhere what do you think its going to be useful for?
@_date: 2018-07-02 14:31:10


The network hit 1000 nodes back in March, and 2000 in April.
It's been 2 months since then and there are only 600 more nodes, and less than 2000 of them have channels open.
Shouldn't adoption be speeding up instead of slowing down?


The means the mean average bitcoin user hasn't put even 1 whole cent into the network, assuming you believe there are 20,000,000 people with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-05 14:05:18
Factories produce water filtration systems, water pipes and combine harvesters, and all the other technology required to produce and distribute food and water to the billions of people around the world.
How do you think modern agriculture works?
How do you think millions of people can live in large cities that doesn't produce any food?
@_date: 2018-07-13 12:36:57




Why do you say you're going to quote me and not put words in my mouth and then immediately put words in my mouth. The only thing I actually said in that quote is "a global default is not possible".
I never said "Which mean that every debt on the world can be settled. this is a zero game system.", those are words you literally put in my mouth because you think your way of seeing things is the only way and would rather debate what you incorrectly assume I'm saying than actually ask me.
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:38:01


Seems like a stupid thing for creditors to do then, to keep lending money to people who are never going to be able to pay back what you've already lent them.
@_date: 2018-07-12 21:43:10


What kind of amateur would do a deal worth hundreds of thousands of dollars without having an enforceable contract? Just taking someones word? How would charge backs even be an issue? 
Bitcoin doesn't do anything to solve this problem. Having an actual lawyer to draw up a contract solves this problem which you don't need bitcoin to hire.


The only thing you mentioned so far is not a use case for bitcoin, its a use case for lawyers and escrow services. trusted 3rd parties.
Your use case for the value of trustless currency you don't need a trusted 3rd party for is trusting a lawyer to sign off on escrow. you could do that with any currency. such imagination, much use case. 


-70% in 6 months. hodlmoonlambomountain here we come
@_date: 2018-07-02 15:14:43


How is that irrelevant when that's the only point I was making?
It sounds like you just misunderstood what I meant by "make money" and have some strange need to be "right" even though its blatantly clear from context that when I said "make money" I was talking about profit not revenue.
@_date: 2018-07-13 15:45:36


You keep talking about improvements in production and efficiency as if that is deflation. Those are completely separate concepts. 
DVD players used to cost thousands of dollars, now they cost less than $100. That is not because DVD players cost the same to make as 20 years ago but the dollar is now worth 10x as much as it was. That is not because of monetary deflation.
That happened regardless of the inflation/deflation level. Adjusted for inflation or deflation it still takes less resources to build a DVD player, thats why they're cheaper relative to peoples wages.
You've correctly said wealth isn't zero sum and price levels aren't the same thing as wealth but you don't seem to have followed through in the fact that inflation/deflation are just relative increase and decreases of the purchasing power of currency relative to all goods and services.
If currency buys more that means you also get less in return, you can't cheat the scales of supply and demand.
You're not making it clear whether you're arguing that somehow deflation will increase wages relative to other goods or whether you think that deflation is somehow going to unlock so much productive potential that now the average person will be so productive they will be able to produce the equivalent wealth of a house in 2 years.
You're still dancing around the idea that somehow you will be able to build a house that takes 30 years work to afford in 2 years by money magic.
Neither inflation or deflation can magic wealth from nowhere. 
@_date: 2018-07-18 17:17:15


the infrastructure the internet runs on is not decentralized, its highly centralized. There's a reason anyone can't just set up their own ISP. There's a reason governments can just switch off internet access to an entire country.
there's a reason attempts to set up a meshnet internet have failed almost entirely.
You cannot run any network on top of the centralized internet infrastructure for cheaper than the cost of being on that infrastructure.
A network that requires people to pay any level of fees to route payments cannot route payments cheaper than a network where the only cost is the cost of electricity. The cost of the whole network could be cheaper if you assume it can run without any bureaucracy and overhead.


I already said if you assume it can scale without any bureaucracy then it can be cheaper. Apparently you don't have any problem with that assumption based on no evidence, its only the assumptions that say things you don't want to be true that are "jumping to conclusions". 
@_date: 2018-07-02 15:06:40


Apparently you do if you think banks make a profit from the amount of money the average person keeps in the bank.
57% of Americans have less than $1000 in the bank. the interest the bank makes on loaning that money isn't anywhere near enough to cover what it costs for the bank to maintain an account.
Any customer that has less than $1000 in the bank is costing the bank money unless they are regularly racking up fees or borrowing money from the bank, which is how banks actually make money off consumer accounts.
The only reason banks even allow these kinds of accounts is because A) laws that prevent them from discriminating too severely against unprofitable accounts and B) all the opportunities for nickel and diming consumer accounts on fees that they get from letting people open bank accounts.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:18:03
Even if median fees stayed at 10 cents, it would cost more than a days work on minimum wage to pay the fees for a single transaction.
The idea Bitcoin is a viable alternative for the people of Venezuela is not realistic.
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:59:23


Are you saying bitcoin isn't usable by anyone who doesn't know how to use a coin mixer? 
Ignoring that coin mixers have already been compromised, and coin mixers wouldn't work on the way they're identifying transactions, otherwise a very tech savvy point.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:20:07


Depends how you define adoption.
Daily transactions have been behind ETH for a long while, although you can discount them because they're "not real transactions".
@_date: 2018-04-14 12:15:57
Oh right, your last post seemed like you thought it being under capital gains tax was a bad thing and people should stop treating it like a stock and start treating it like a currency.
@_date: 2018-07-01 14:31:38
Why is good to spend lots of processing power on something that doesn't require any processing power to produce?
They could have agreed on a protocol that just created 21,000,000 bitcoins instantly and then distributed those.
@_date: 2018-04-30 14:24:31
@_date: 2018-04-24 18:47:35


How is a fiat coin/note any easier to divide or count than a gold/silver coin?
a dollar bill has a far lower value to weight ratio than gold does, it doesn't stop dollars being used as currency because of the weight of carrying a wad of notes. Only $50 and higher notes have a higher value to weight ratio and they're rarely used because they're so large.


modern coinmaking techniques make coin shaving economically unfeasible. they're designed so that taking any meaningful amount of material off the coin will both cost more than it makes and destroy the security features of the coin which means there's no reason to do it.
coinshaving was only common when coins used simple soft alloys and had designs simple enough to shave without destroying more value than would be gained
@_date: 2018-04-23 11:10:40
They're pseudonymous, which means they can be retroactively identified by cross-linking information.
Even the metadata by itself can partially identified by blockchain analysis then cross referenced with bank and payroll data to identify people, but that would be a relatively resource intensive attack when there are much simpler ones available.
They're already getting volumes of data from exchanges and banks on a voluntary basis. When you can readily identify millions of bitcoin transactions with a government ID it gets a lot easier to work out the rest.
The government can set up its own coin tumblers as honey pots, or they can hack existing tumblers, or they can serve the owners of tumblers with a warrant that says they have to hand over all their data and keep the tumbler running and if they do anything to warn people they'll spend the next 20 years in solitary confinement for facilitating funds for terrorism.
They can hack Tor and VPNs, and also serve VPNs with gag warrants.
They can send undercover agents onto P2P bitcoin trading sites like localbitcoins (which they've already done) and just cuff anyone who's moving significant volume without reporting it, and then offer them a crushing prison sentence unless they give up all their information on all the people they've done business with and then agree to turn informant to give them high level money laundering targets.
They can use all the techniques they currently use to identify people money laundering cash which has no public ledger.
Money launderers pay lots of taxes for a reason, because paying tax is the only way you can legitimize income, and there's no point having money if you can't spend it. And even then they still get caught.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:34:50
does degraded performance not count as a "severe issue"?
Low fee transactions were getting regularly not included for days, some even timing out completely.
Paying more was a solution for the individual, not the network. If everyone increased their fees to $50 then the same number of people still wouldn't have been included in blocks, now you'd just need to pay $100 to have a good shot at going through.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:36:08
During that time you had almost no chance of a low sat transaction going through in a reasonable amount of time.
You're not being honest if you're saying that wasn't an issue.
@_date: 2018-04-11 14:33:25


Isn't it odd then that most crypto transactions tend to happen over centralized middlemen, exchanges like Coinbase, and payment processors like Bitpay?
If bitcoins selling point is decentralization, shouldn't people be using it in a decentralized way?
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:26:14
They were trying to save the gold standard.
On the gold standard you can only print more dollars if you have gold to back it up. In the 1930s gold hoarding was so popular that the Fed could no longer get enough gold to increase the supply of dollars.
As a result people started hoarding dollars as well, and the supply of dollars went down by 30% in a few years as everyone pulled money out of banks, which started putting banks out of business which then led even more people to pull money out of banks out of fear the bank that had their money would go bankrupt.
This caused very high levels of deflation, so high that bartering started becoming popular again because it was so profitable to hoard dollars that no one wanted to spend them unless they absolutely had to.
Levels of investment and economic production plummeted because everyone wanted to hoard currency rather than use it to produce goods and services.
In attempt to combat this, the government started seizing gold so they could start replacing the money that  had been withdrawn from supply during the Great Depression.
@_date: 2018-07-16 21:26:20


If you only loaned your neighbor a lawn mower that doesn't mean you volunteered for him to be able to sell it and give you a "IOU 1 lawnmower" token back, unless you actually agreed they could do that.
You seem to have a very flexible definition of "voluntary", it doesn't seem like you respect the concept of personal property.
@_date: 2018-04-19 19:39:24
Throwing it around willy nilly, like correcting people when they incorrectly say bitcoin is anonymous and not at any other time. Absolute madness.


Yeah I'm sure they'll have difficulty tracking down people who don't know the difference between anonymity and pseudonymity.
It's not like they've already caught people who mistakenly thought their bitcoin transactions were anonymous because "bitcoin is anonymous". And they never catch people using 100% anonymous currency.
@_date: 2018-04-18 15:17:43
Almost any system can cope with any amount of demand if they just price people out of the market.
If a doctor starts charging $1,000,000 for an appointment they can pretty quickly get their waiting times down to 0. It doesn't mean they have an immediately efficient system compared to other doctors, it just means not many people are willing to pay $1,000,000 for an appointment.
If PayPal was struggling to cope with traffic and just decided to charge $20 a transaction, no one would say that wasn't a severe issue.
@_date: 2018-07-12 15:53:05


By this definition Beanie Babies were never a bubble. They haven't gone to zero and only a small percentage of people ever owned them.
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:59:10


Have a look at how his investments and predictions on Theranos have done before praising his investment genius too hard.
If he didn't bother to do basic due diligence on investing a large amount of money into a fraudulent company, I wouldn't credit him with much other than being lucky at buying into bitcoin at the right time.
Unless he predicted bitcoin would crash in early 2018, he could have just as easily bought in at $19,000 and would have no way of knowing that was a bad time.
@_date: 2018-04-09 20:30:36
The stock market dipped significantly in January of this year.
What happened to the price of Bitcoin during that time?
@_date: 2018-04-12 22:01:20


If you're counting how many failed predictions there have been, you also have to count up all the times people said bitcoin would hit 100k or 1m by now, how many people were saying that bitcoin would never be cheaper than 20k again and that now is the time to buy in.


What metrics are you measuring that by?
Growth in daily transactions? Growth merchant adoption? Growth in price?
@_date: 2018-04-12 13:44:24


If you save up for 30 years to buy a house and then the housing market collapses, you still lose just as much value. The difference is you'll have to be paying rent for 30 years, on top of the cost of buying the house. 
If you get a mortgage for $100,000, you might end up having to pay $140,000 back over 20-30 years, even if there is a house price crash and the house goes down to $60,000, you will still be better off compared to saving because you won't have had to spend $100,000 on rent during that time.
There's also benefits to home-owning beyond money, which is being able to do whatever the fuck you want with your home.
Loans exist specifically to take advantage of this kind of marginal utility. If it was better to save than to borrow then people wouldn't bother borrowing.
Do you think saving to buy a house in full is a better option and people are just too dumb to realize it? "they can't because fiat is inflationary" is not an answer, there are thousands of deflationary assets, and your only previous argument against them was liquidity, which isn't an issue for saving 30 years to buy a house. you buy gold for 30 years then sell it to buy a house.


Are you going to use your bitcoin then to invest in bitcoin based businesses/projects like Lightning? Or are you just going to sit on them and wait for other peoples work to make them more valuable?
How is you holding onto bitcoins building a better future for humanity?


I'm asking you, not Andreas Antonopoulos, I already know what he thinks. 
You just said bitcoin was good for saving, if you think its going to be a revolutionary currency you could have said so, but then that might raise awkward questions about how this currency is going to become popular when everyone is hoarding it for "savings".
@_date: 2018-04-29 18:07:14


No. It's TA pseudoscience to think previous price moves have any predictive ability on the future. 
Go look at a price chart for Beanie Babies and show me which "rally" predicted its terminal decline.


an infinite of multiple of 0 is still 0.
There were bitcoins that actually sold for 5 cents. The same "it went from X to Y, why can't it do the same thing again?" applies exactly as much to going from 5 cents to 20,000 as from any other arbitrary point.
Except its literally impossible for it to go up by that multiple again since it would take more than the entire global GDP. So you have to pick an arbitrarily larger number to at least have the pretense that its theoretically possible for it to see a exponential increase for no reason.
@_date: 2018-04-07 10:14:59


Governments don't need to make something a currency so long as they haven't made it illegal to use other currencies.
USD became the most popular currency in Zimbabwe long before the government recognized it as an official currency. Them accepting USD as legal tender came only after it had replaced the Zimbabwe dollar. Government recognition was a symptom, not a cause of the USDs popularity in Zimbabwe.


If you go by actual number of transactions its one of the smallest in the world. There are less than 200k daily transactions and most of them aren't actually using it as a currency they're just speculators and exchanges moving bitcoins around for fiat. If buying and selling something for fiat makes something a currency then soybeans are a bigger currency than Bitcoin.
It's a fantasy to think bitcoin is one of the most popular currencies in the world yet 99.9% of stores in the world don't accept it
@_date: 2018-07-12 13:53:14
How can you gain more than all the wealth your debtor can ever pay you forever?
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:54:52


Who should be in charge of regulating fraudulent financial transactions?
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:51:00
Which is why deflationary spirals aren't avoided by "people can just invest in businesses above the rate of deflation", because people are invested in companies and assets with a wide range of returns, and deflationary spirals start first by incentivizing people to get out of the safest lowest yielding investments/assets into hoarding cash, which simultaneously increases the deflation rate (and so causing a runaway effect where higher and higher % ROIs become less profitable than holding cash), whilst unbalancing the economy by incentivizing high risk high yield ventures at the expense of low risk low yield ventures.
This is why speakeasies and casinos boomed in the 1930s even though people were going broke in other more stable businesses, because those vice businesses have higher profit margins than things like farming and so still attracted investment whereas investment in stable low margin businesses dried up and forced lots of bankruptcies, exacerbated by the fact that deflation was driving the cost of low margin goods below the cost of production and so it was impossible to make a profit on much marginal farmland.
It's not a sign of a well functioning economy where people are going out of business producing food in a nation with mass malnutrition, yet people are doing well in businesses on selling moonshine and letting people piss money away on blackjack and roulette. This completely disproves the idea that "deflation would only discourage trivial consumption, people would still spend on necessities", the opposite happens because necessities have low margins whereas luxury goods and entertainment tend to have higher margins.
@_date: 2018-07-05 13:14:55
The price of bitcoin halved in 2014, it dropped to a quarter in 2015.
How does that make it a good investment in 2014?
You could have sold in 2014, burned half of the profits, bought back in a year later and still have doubled your holdings compared to the "hodl" investment strategy.
@_date: 2018-04-11 19:17:01
This is why you never memorize your mnemonic phrase so that you can't give it up no matter how hard the police beat you.
@_date: 2018-07-02 14:18:34
Tether is still worth the same as it was 6 months ago.
Bitcoin is worth 70% less.
@_date: 2018-07-13 16:40:11


You said its impossible for the globe to pay its debts because theres only 90 trillion dollars worth of currency and the global debt is more than that.
Unless you think each unit of currency can only be spent once I'm not sure why you think that would make it impossible.
Each unit of currency needs only be spent 3 times to completely wipe out the global debt, and each unit of currency is spent hundreds of thousands of times in its lifetime.
The total value of trade in a year is far higher than the total value of currency, far higher than the global debt.
@_date: 2018-04-16 13:46:59


No you said go check out "resources". It's a dismissive non-argument and I was pointing out that me telling you to go read an economics book (a "resource") that backs up what I'm say, doesn't prove anything. Especially if you already dismiss the possibility the book could prove you wrong before even reading it, just like I could dismiss your "resources. which is why "Go read [blank] and get back to me" is pointless in discussions. Either defend your point or don't bother making it.


In those economies, those "savings" aren't just stashed under a mattress, they're kept in banks, banks use that money to loan to businesses that generate wealth. It helps to generate wealth by providing funds to business to start more productive enterprises.  That's why it leads to a productive economy. That's why you get paid interest on savings, its not just money for nothing.
There's a difference between a return on investment, and just sitting on an asset waiting for other peoples work to make it more valuable.
Sitting on gold, or deflationary cash, doesn't generate wealth. You're reliant completely on demand outpacing demand. If you sit on a bar of gold, and the price of gold rises, you have done nothing different than if you sit on a bar of gold and the price of gold falls.
Just because something you own increases in value doesn't mean you have created any wealth. Just like if it goes down in value it doesn't mean you've destroyed wealth.


I said it doesn't generate wealth, I didn't say there was no benefit to saving. There are many other ways to save wealth other than in cash. 
Storing wealth and generating wealth are two different things. You're not making any distinction between what is a benefit of storing wealth and what is a benefit of generating wealth. Storing wealth doesn't increase the overall amount of wealth. If everyone just saved wealth and no one generated it there would be no increase in wealth. You have to generate wealth before you save it. The benefits of saving are the benefits of storing wealth that has been generated.
@_date: 2018-04-26 19:52:56


Linux (one of the biggest and most valuable open source software projects in the world) is trademarked. Plenty of open-source software much smaller and with a much smaller scope than bitcoin is trademarked.
The idea that if you don't trademark your software name other people might use the name is not new. It should not be surprising to anyone, and was not surprising to anyone with the briefest familiarity of open source software.
"no one could have guessed that someone would use the name of a piece of software if you didn't trademark it, especially not the person who intended bitcoin to become a forkable global currency" is not a realistic option.
Your options are:
1. Satoshi was incompetent and simply never thought to register a trademark, despite a decades long history of trademark disputes in open-source software. Despite talking about the possibility of forks, he never thought about the possibility of a fork also trying to use the same name.
2. Satoshi was aware that there are trademark disputes in open source software and didn't want there to be a trademark that one group could own and then stop anyone else from using.
I'll leave it up to you to decide which you think is more likely.
@_date: 2018-07-11 14:41:56
Become a widely accepted currency in at least one country in the world would be a start, especially since there are many who think its going to become *the* global currency which is how they justify ultra high valuations like 100,000,000 a coin.
@_date: 2018-04-07 14:09:16




The average person is making 1-2 transactions per day in cash and cards. A typical national currency with only a few million active users is having millions of transactions per day.
If you're claiming Bitcoin has 10s-100 million "active" users, but only results in less than 200k daily transactions, then that's not in the same order of magnitude.
If you're counting just "users" and not use, then a guy who got sent 100 satoshi from a reddit tip bot 6 years ago and has never used it, and someone who uses dollars twice a day, are both counted as one user of each currency. That's obviously not an accurate measure of adoption because it treats someone who uses bitcoin for 1 in 10,000 transactions as an equal adopter to someone who uses it for 100% of transactions.


It's accepted 100% of stores in Pakistan, which is what matters. 
A currency that's accepted by 1 store in 1000 in every nation in the world is not as useful as a currency that is accepted in 100% of stores in a single nation and 0 stores anywhere else. There's a clear opportunity cost of converting to a currency that you're only going to be able to use in 1 store in 1000 compared to one that can be used in every store.
Global average is irrelevant because economies are localized/nationalized. USD is accepted in a higher % of stores than any currency in the world, but that won't allow the USD to replace any other nations currency unless that nation completely fucks up their own currency (i.e. Zimbabwe). 
@_date: 2018-04-18 18:38:16
Which is why "inflation" isn't the answer to why houses are expensive.
Inflation devalues the currency uniformly. It's not specific to dollars spent on houses or dollars spent on wages or dollars spent on food. 
Houses have increased in price much faster than the rate of inflation, because it has become increasingly harder to build houses where there is demand for houses.
This in turn has made it vulnerable to speculative bubbles. Housing is seen as a "safe" investment (everyone needs a house to live in), which has allowed lots of credit to be made available specifically for the buying of houses (more than for the building of houses), which allowed an irrational market to develop, made worse by large scale fraud on the behalf of financial institutions repackaging mortage debt and lying about it, so there was a credit bubble on top of a housing bubble.
The fundamental cause is insufficient supply to meet demand.
@_date: 2018-04-11 16:48:13
If you're interested in becoming wealthy then spending wealth to make more wealth is a better option than just sitting on wealth and waiting for things to become cheaper.
Saving itself cannot generate any wealth, unless its a form of investment (i.e. a savings account that lends money to businesses that create wealth and repay the loan with interest)
@_date: 2017-10-26 19:37:05


stores still need to compete for customers.
why would a customer choose to shop at a store where they had to pay a transaction fee and couldn't do a charge back over a store that had no transaction fee and allowed chargebacks?
Merchants also aren't going to use bitcoin when it can take hours for a small transaction to go through. No one is going to wait 3 hours to buy a coffee with bitcoin and no retailer is going to just let someone walk out with goods only to find out 3 hours later the payment bounced.
even a 10 minute transaction time is far too long for IRL purchases.
@_date: 2018-04-06 22:59:15




This reasoning is sound using a simplified model of currency that looks only at the total quantity of currency in existence.
However the effective supply of money can be much higher or much lower than the total quantity of currency, which is why the equation of exchange uses Money quantity x Money velocity, not just simple quantity.
The market cannot tell the difference between money that has been lost forever, money that has been destroyed and money that is just sitting under someones mattress or in a vault somewhere. Money only exists to the market when it changes hands.
Deflationary spirals are called spirals because a small amount of initial deflation can increasingly reward pulling money out of circulation. The more money is pulled out of circulation, the higher the deflation rate, and the higher the deflation rate, the more profitable it will be to sit on money instead of using it.
At the beginning of the great depression, when the stock market crashed in 1929, there was only 0% deflation, the year after that it was 2%, and the year after that it was 9%. The amount of wealth lost in the stock market crash was minor compared to the amount of wealth lost in the deflationary spiral it triggered. It was only in 1933, when the government simultaneously seized as much private gold as possible, suspended convertibility of dollars to gold, and a bunch of other countries had gotten off the gold standard and allowed lots of gold to start flowing back to the US the money supply could be increased again and deflation was reversed.
@_date: 2018-04-03 12:59:00


You could just not use those cards.


It's hard not to use a stores own card because they offer reward points? Plenty of people never use those cards. I've never used one of those cards.
You can buy pre-paid cards in cash if you're that paranoid.
In what way are you improving your privacy by uploading your transactions to a pseudonymous public database?
In Germany most people still use cash over cards because living through the Stasi made them paranoid about anyone collecting information on them. Even in e-commerce there are services where you can pay in cash rather than use a card or bank account.
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:37:06


If the cost of converting is higher than the opportunity cost of not converting then its a waste of money to convert.
Most exchanges charge somewhere between 1-4% fees depending on the order amount and payment method.
Lets say you get paid $1000 at the start of the month. You convert it to $1000 of bitcoin, paying between $10-40 in fees/commission. 
You pay $500 in rent, $300 on food, gas, electricity and other essentials. You need to convert this back to fiat to pay so you pay another 1-4% on that $800, so another $8-32.
$200 you keep in bitcoin for long term savings.
Unless you expect fiat to lose 8% a month, or for bitcoin to gain 8% a month, then you're better off just keeping most of your paycheck in fiat and only converting what you can afford to save.
@_date: 2018-04-20 11:07:00


That does nothing to increase the overall capacity of the network, it just reduces demand on the network.
If exchanges also just stopped existing that would also reduce onchain transactions, it wouldn't do anything to make bitcoin be able to handle more than about 400-500k daily transactions.


Lightning needs to be handling at least as many transactions as there are onchain before you can start claiming it will work for scaling.
Lightning needs to show it can operate at scale using less than about 200k daily blockchain transactions for opening and closing channels otherwise you're still going to run into the limits of blockspace, unless you assume that Lightning will become so dominant it will be the only thing using blockspace.
@_date: 2018-04-05 20:29:30
Hoarding of currency would have happened even quicker without fractional reserve. Fractional reserve was a failed attempt at delaying the inevitable failure of a bad currency. There is no fundamental relationship between how much gold a nation has and what their demand for currency is. A pure gold standard lasted less than 100 years in the US and most other countries, and was regularly being suspended to cope with huge fluctuations in the availability and distribution of gold, and it only lasted that long because fractional reserve allowed them to meet demand above what the amount of gold would allow them to directly.
No money was destroyed during the Great Depression, exactly what deflationists want to happen happened. The Fed stopped printing new dollars, people started hoarding dollars as a result and the dollar went up 30% in value. Banks stopped loaning out money they didn't have and went bankrupt. 
this should have been a triumph for "hard money". The currency supply became fixed, the value of the dollar was no longer being diluted because they had hit the cap on fractional reserve and could no longer inflate the money supply.
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:34:59
I already addressed this point in my last post. I guess it was kind of long so maybe you didn't get that far:


There were never any fraud suits because people were selling VHS as videotapes, despite the fact the difference between a VideoTape and a VHS being much greater than the difference between Bitcoin and any of its forks.
A more realistic analogy would be Linux forks. There are many different forks Linux, all referred to as Linux. No one has ever been sued for selling "Linux" because it wasn't the first, most popular or "real" version of Linux. There isn't even a common distro called "Linux", although some still use Linux in the name. Being the "real" Linux is no kind of selling point. Anyone who abides by the licensing agreement can fork a "real" version of Linux.
Every second that passes without a successful lawsuit against someone calling a bitcoin fork Bitcoin is evidence that can be mounted in defense that the term is not unique to Bitcoin and refers to any fork in the Bitcoin tree, just like Linux refers to any Linux version, not any in particular. 
The amount of effort being expended on fantasy lawyerings rather than actually solving problems says a great deal about the spirit of the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2018-04-22 17:52:48
You said bitcoin can't be taxed, but you "never claimed to not pay taxes".
Which is it? Are you paying taxes on bitcoin or can bitcoin not be taxed? If you're paying taxes on bitcoin then it clearly can be taxed.
Bitcoin is subject to capital gains tax, any sales made using bitcoin are subject to relevant sales tax, any income earned in bitcoin is subject to income tax.
There is nothing magic about bitcoin that makes it untaxable, it is just as taxable as any asset, more so given there is a publicly accessible database of every bitcoin transaction that's ever happened, and there are large exchanges reporting volumes of financial data to governments on a significant percentage of those transactions.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:59:49
It's open source.
@_date: 2018-04-18 13:15:30
What about the months when average fees were $10-50, do you count that as a severe issue?
@_date: 2018-07-12 22:07:46
The Federal Reserve covered all the reserve obligations in the 2007-08 financial crisis.
Banks didn't go bankrupt because they had insufficient reserves, they went bankrupt because of massive over leveraging into a fraudulent speculative bubble in Credit Default Swaps, built on top of a bubble of sub prime mortgages.
That's completely different to the causes of the Great Depression. 
The Great Depression was a catastrophic deflationary spiral triggered by a stock crash and made possible by insufficient supply of currency by the Federal Reserve as a result of the limitations of the gold standard and an unwillingness to provide liquidity to banks under the misguided doctrine that deflation and bank failures would be corrective to the recession.
The 2007-2008 was a massive and fraudulent speculative bubble on mortgages and mortgage derrivatives, made worse by low capital requirements and implicit bailout guarantees that encouraged risk taking behavior by banks.
One was a monetary crisis the other was a fraudulent asset bubble
@_date: 2018-04-02 16:59:00
because goods and services in the US economy are priced in USD
one of the main functions of a currency is to enable pricing of goods and services.
there is nowhere any trade is being priced in bitcoin as far as I'm aware. Even places accepting payment in bitcoin price things in fiat (i.e. $500 worth of bitcoin) because bitcoin is far too volatile for pricing and people are generally using it as an intermediate for fiat. Merchants would have to constantly be watching the market to adjust their prices if they tried to price things in Bitcoin. They would risk bankrupting themselves if the value of bitcoin halved and they didn't double their prices to compensate.
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:35:40
"billion dollar hedge funds can't beat the market but I can"
@_date: 2018-04-26 19:24:44
That's what trademark law is about.
The word "Aspirin" was once originally a brand name trademarked by Bayer. 
now anyone can make their version of "Aspirin" even if they're not Bayer because Bayer failed to protect their trademark and in the trademark system that is grounds for losing trademark protection.
Bitcoin has had 9 years without any successful prosecution of its trademark, because no trademark was ever registered. This makes it being granted a trademark (to who?) at this point exceedingly unlikely. 
If Satoshi wanted to make the original Bitcoin fork trademark protected he would have needed to set up a foundation like the Linux foundation, so they could register the trademark and then sue any unlicensed use of the trademark. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:44:56
"1 BTC = 1 BTC".
1 bitcoin was also worth 1/5,000th of a pizza 8 years ago.
Will you sell me 5,000 bitcoins for a pizza? No? Why not? How can you tell a pizza isn't worth 5,000 bitcoins?
@_date: 2018-04-18 22:42:33
If you're going to revere the whitepaper like a holy text, you might want to read it first.
One of the first things the introduction talks about is how a trustless p2p currency will lower costs of transactions and allow for smaller transactions than are currently possible:


most transactions, it still suffers from the inherent weaknesses of the trust based model.
Completely non-reversible transactions are not really possible, since financial institutions cannot
avoid mediating disputes. The cost of mediation increases transaction costs, **limiting the
minimum practical transaction size and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions**,
and there is a broader cost in the loss of ability to make non-reversible payments for nonreversible
It's also called a peer to peer digital cash system. there's no mention of it being a "store of value", or something solely for moving large sums of value. if you think satoshi intended it to be only usable for millionaires to send huge sums of money to one another I'd like to see where he said that.
@_date: 2018-04-06 18:52:57
If there's one thing the Bitcoin community hates its greed.
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:12:44
in that case why not invest in things that keep their value regardless of what currency people happen to be using, that way if either bitcoin or dollars go to 0 you won't be affected.
@_date: 2018-04-06 14:56:29


People were acting rationally in their own interests. It's possible to have a system where everyone acting rationally in their own self-interest makes everyone worse off. The prisoners dilemma is a classic example, but there are many real world examples of the same. Over-fishing is one. Fishermen are destroying their own industry by over-fishing even though they'd be better off if they fished at sustainable rates, because its in each individuals interest to participate in over-fishing rather than to abstain.
Economic output dropped by 30% during the Great Depression, yet prices went down, not up. In a functional market, a decrease in supply should increase prices to signal a need to increase supply and provide a profit incentive to meet it. Yet in a deflationary spiral, prices will keep dropping even when output decreases, which sends a false signal to the market that there is an excess of supply and to reduce supply further, when in fact there is no excess of supply just a shortage of currency. Businesses that would otherwise be profitable become unprofitable as prices are driven below cost, and go out of business to transfer value to currency hoarders.


The markets attempt to solve gold/dollars being more profitable to hoard than to use as currency was people resorting to barter instead of using currency, which is incredibly inefficient.
Any sufficiently deflationary currency will be abandoned by the market.
The nations that abandoned the gold standard quickest had the fastest recovery during the Great Depression.


I already pointed out it wasn't a problem even for the lowest denominated good during the Great Depression, so you can't blame that as the problem. If you could still sell penny candy during the Great Depression, what impact do you think divisibility was having?


So you want price manipulation through monetary deflation rather than interest rates? How about lets not manipulate prices so that it can be more profitable to do nothing than to generate wealth.
@_date: 2018-04-26 19:16:24


Who owns the Bitcoin trademark?
Is it Satoshi? He needs to get his ass out of retirement and sue these bcashing shitcoiners into oblivion.
@_date: 2018-04-15 16:54:22


Great point.
Why would the amount of currency circulating in the economy have no effect relative on price relative to demand when you've already acknowledged that if money sits in a vault and never moves anywhere it's as good as money that doesn't exist?
If someone takes 100,000 bitcoins out of cold storage and puts them on the market, do you think that has no effect on the supply of bitcoins because its only bitcoins created that effect supply?


Why is hoarding money good for the economy? Money only generates wealth by facilitating wealth generating trade. Money that never changes hands might as well not exist.
@_date: 2018-07-12 20:09:40
1. a reserve note is not the same thing as credit/a loan. they are liabilities. its inaccurate to describe reserve notes as debt. they aren't debt anymore than amazon vouchers are debt. 
2. even if you count a reserve note as debt, the existence of a fractional reserve alone is not enough to cause a great depression. It was a necessary but not sufficient factor for the Great Depression. It was no more the cause than having a wooden house is the cause of your house burning down.
The fractional reserve system is what allowed for such a rapid decrease in the money supply in such a small space of time, but that only happened because of a number of other factors that combined to be sufficient. highest among them being a gold standard that stopped the Federal reserve from increasing the money supply any further (which created an incentive and expectation for people to start withdrawing money from banks that could not get enough money to meet reserves), and mismanagement by the Federal Reserve, specifically them subscribing to a now discredited economic theory that bank collapses and deflation would be "curative" to a downswing in the business cycle whereas it turned a small recession into a giant depression because of the disastrous effects a deflationary spiral has on the productive economy. This meant they did not issue emergency loans to small banks that were experiencing runs, which led to a cascade effect where bank runs would roll up the money supply chain taking down bigger and bigger banks until huge amounts of currency were now taken out of supply.
The triggering event was the Stock market crash which caused enough people to go broke to start liquidizing loans and start runs on banks which led to the deflationary spiral. However the initial damage from the stock crash was minor compared to the damage from the deflationary spiral.
It's similar to having a truck go over a bridge with a structural fault. You can say its the truck that caused the bridge to collapse, which is true in a sense, but if it wasn't that truck another one could have just as easily collapsed it. the fundamental cause was the structural fault.
@_date: 2018-07-12 16:28:57
So its not impossible to pay off then.
@_date: 2018-04-15 15:04:16


Which is why the equation of exchange uses quantity x velocity; how could the market tell whether $100,000 you have has been lost, burned, or just has just been locked in a vault for the last 20 years?
Money that never moves is as good as not existing because any quantity x 0 velocity = 0. But velocity is not a binary 0 or 1. The higher the velocity the greater the supply of circulating the money there is at any one time. That is the supply that matters, not the potential or theoretical supply (although knowledge of potential/future supply can affect demand, i.e. if people expect inflation they will spend faster than if they expect deflation which creates a self-fulfilling prophecy to some extent).
The same principle applies to bitcoin. The effective supply is never exactly how many bitcoins exist or are being produced because some are lost forever, some are temporarily lost, some have yet to be sold by miners, some have been hoarded for years, some are regularly circulating, some are seized and then auctioned. thats why a relatively small number of bitcoins can have a large effect on the price if they suddenly enter the market after being withdrawn from circulation for years. They might not be a large % of existing bitcoins but they can be a very large % of bitcoins circulating the markets. The circulating supply is dynamic even if the theoretical supply is fixed.
Even Austrian Schoolers like Hayek were aware of this:


It's not possible to understand how the government can significantly increase the quantity of money yet there be deflation (like in 2009) without understanding the relationship between quantity x velocity on supply and demand.
@_date: 2018-04-05 13:59:35
Never. bitcoins growth will exponentially increase forever.
If you want to predict the future of bitcoin just draw a straight line going up. 1 BTC = 1 BTC
@_date: 2018-04-18 18:14:08
That's why i focused on the "severe issues" part of the OP, not the days off or scheduled maintenance.
Bitcoin hasn't worked non stop for 9 years without any severe issues, unless you don't count a huge surge in unconfirmed transactions and fees as not a severe issue.
If paypal had a similar sized increase in times and fees it would destroy their business and they would quickly be overtaken by competitors. It's only considered not a big deal for bitcoin because its primarily treated as a speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:59:33


If you're worried about data leaking then bitcoin is the last thing you should be using.
Cash is completely anonymous, bitcoin keeps a perfect record of every transaction ever made. Even if you keep your address completely secret and make a new address for every transaction, your personal information can still be linked to you if someone else you had dealings with on the blockchain gets their information leaked.
The NSA, other government agencies and a bunch of private big data companies are already mining the blockchain for data. You drastically under-estimate the scope of modern data surveillance if you don't think they can gain meaningful information just by looking at the times and quantities of trades from different addresses and then cross linking it with other known information.
Not to mention they're actively involved in spying and hacking exchanges and coin tumblers and all other weak spots for identifying traffic.
@_date: 2018-04-28 12:05:41
It would be even harder to prove this nebulous definition of "fraud" in court than getting a trademark.
People are acting like there's some kind of parallel "fraud" system that allows all the benefits of trademark protection without actually having to register a trademark because they don't want to face the reality that Bitcoin doesn't have a trademark and open source software projects get trademarks for a reason; because its almost impossible to police the use of a brand name without owning the trademark.
Even with a trademark, brand names can rapidly get genericized by unlicensed competition (see: videotape, aspirin, flip phone), even when they have the legal power to stop anyone using that name.
The Linux Foundation would have had no need for the Linux trademark if it was as simple as suing anyone who wasn't the "real" linux.
Courts will make no distinction of what version of linux is the "real" linux. you can't sue someone for fraud just because they sell a version of linux that you don't deem the "real" linux.
If software is open source, and its distribution is not controlled by a copyright licensing agreement, then you cannot simultaneously give people free use to sell, copy and modify software and then sue them for using the name of that software to describe that software, unless you register a trademark that says you get to decide who uses the name.
People screaming "fraud" are not doing it from an honest position on law. All they really mean is "I wish bitcoin was trademarked, but its not, so I'm going to call it fraud instead and act like trademarks don't exist for a reason". 
@_date: 2018-04-14 12:16:48


How much was he up on Theranos when they were at their peak valuation of 9 billion?
the link you posted shows Draper defending his investment in Theranos even after large scale fraud was discovered and the share price tanked (something he blames on a conspiracy against the CEO because she's a woman), rather than admitting he didn't do his due diligence and got conned. that tells you all you need to know about Drapers investing acumen/honesty.
Getting lucky isn't the same thing as knowing what the fuck you're talking about. Investors got burned with Theranos because they didn't bother to actually check to see if they had the tech they claimed and just took the CEOs word for it (who lied repeatedly about what they were capable of and who their customers were). If an investor can't do something as simple as checking whether the technology they're investing in actually exists, you shouldn't be trusting them on anything else that's much harder to do (like predict the price of bitcoin 4 years from now).
@_date: 2018-04-03 10:27:11


If someone has your name and address they can get your SS, DOB and Credit score.


What online stores require you to give your SS, DOB and credit score before buying anything?
@_date: 2018-04-20 20:27:36


avoid mediating disputes. The cost of mediation increases transaction costs, limiting the
minimum practical transaction size and cutting off the possibility for small casual transactions,
and there is a broader cost in the loss of ability to make non-reversible payments for nonreversible
services. With the possibility of reversal, the need for trust spreads. Merchants must
be wary of their customers, hassling them for more information than they would otherwise need.
A certain percentage of fraud is accepted as unavoidable.


allowing any two willing parties to transact directly with each other without the need for a trusted
third party. Transactions that are computationally impractical to reverse would protect sellers
from fraud, and routine escrow mechanisms could easily be implemented to protect buyers. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 10:30:31
That won't stop the price of bitcoin from going up when people buy it.
Supply rate is fixed, no matter how many or how few people are buying bitcoin the supply stays the same, which guarantees speculative cycles because when everyone is buying the price will skyrocket because supply can't increase to meet demand, which brings in people who just want to profit from increasing prices, and once all those people are in the price will stall and a bunch of them will sell to try and capture that profit. then the price starts going down, but supply won't decrease to match lower demand so you get oversupply.
@_date: 2018-04-18 22:59:32
People say the same thing about gold and a hundred other investment vehicles.
The "liquidity" argument isn't really relevant given most bitcoins haven't moved in months and the market volume for gold is much higher than for bitcoin. you can buy gold online and offline just as easily, in fact more easily than bitcoin.
Most bitcoins are bought and sold on online exchanges, which are even less liquid than their traditional equivalents. 
@_date: 2018-04-28 20:09:37
Adoption isn't low because people are unaware of cryptos.
Bitcoin was headline news all around the world during its last peak, as evidenced by how many people were searching for it.
@_date: 2018-04-12 17:21:27
It's still lower than it was 2 weeks ago, and less than half what it was at the start of january.
The article said bitcoin is unlikely to ever see another record high, not that it was unlikely that it would ever go to $8000
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:43:45


except you can't do that because no one is pricing anything in BTC. It's not feasible for a business to constantly be increasing and decreasing prices on a daily basis, which is what they would have to avoid selling things at a loss every time bitcoins value changed, and that's ignoring the psychological importance of maintaining certain price points.
customers would also hate it because they'd have to constantly look up what the value of bitcoin was before buying anything to make sure they weren't getting ripped off. You would have to be an idiot to buy anything in BTC without first looking up the value of BTC in fiat.
The only way you can compare prices of things in bitcoin is by comparing it to the value of fiat, and that's not pricing anything in bitcoin, its pricing it in fiat. paying for something is not the same thing as pricing something, you could ask people for $100 worth of gold or cigarettes. It doesn't mean you're pricing things in gold or cigarettes.
Do you think people in the eurozone price everything in dollars and constantly ask for different amounts of euros so they can meet the same value of dollars? No one says "that'll be $10 worth of euros", they price directly in euros.
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:23:47
If its a better store of value, why do people say "don't invest more than you can afford to lose".
What are you meant to be storing the value you can't afford to lose in?
@_date: 2018-04-04 11:55:37


You can't make a profit as a speculator without selling. Only a few speculators will be able to sell at the peaks before the price crashes so most speculators will lose out. That's what makes it cyclical. 
What do you think has or will happen that has meant this most recent price crash is something speculators can't yet again buy into and then attempt to sell out on (causing another crash) in future?
The only thing that will stop people being able to speculate is the price failing to go up anymore, which since its fixed supply can only happen if demand flatlines.


I never said I was certain. I said no widely adopted currency has ever been fixed supply, and that's not some coincidence, there's a reason it doesn't work. Unless you have a reason better than "this has never happened before you can't predict the future", then you have no reason to believe it can work now when its never worked before.
If you're willing to believe in any currency just because its never been tried before because you don't have a crystal ball, then I have some to sell you.
@_date: 2018-04-30 14:37:53


Why will it be? Any fiat trade has to go through fiat infrastructure, so unless that gets easier and cheaper (undermining the utility of cryptos) its not likely to get any cheaper, especially as more regulations in the crypto space increase cost of managing transactions.
The % I quoted don't include on-chain fees, so even if they went down to 0, it would still be 1-4%


If its not an issue why aren't more people spending bitcoin then?
I have only ever seen this hand waived with "when bitcoin goes mainstream then the price will stabilize and i will start spending it then", which has a fairly obvious chicken and egg problem built in.
Most bitcoins haven't moved in 6 months. This isn't because the average bitcoin user hasn't bought or sold anything in 6 months, this is because they haven't used bitcoin for buying and selling for 6 months.
They use other currencies for their trade and will continue to do so for as long as its more profitable to hoard bitcoin than to use it for trade.
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:42:43


Nothing and depends.
"inflation = tax" is the dumbest argument for crypto for the reasons you pointed out. government can just increase taxes on literally anything else to compensate, so you aren't reducing the tax burden you're just shifting it to somewhere else, and its not necessarily going to be shifted to a better place than taking a tiny bit of value from everyones dollars, which has very negligible effect unless you're holding a large amount of dollars over a long period of time not invested in any kind of returns, which is not a good thing for a currency anyway.
It's not anything close to double digit percentage income, sales, and corporation taxes.
A bigger core issue is that Proof of Work is a fundamentally inefficient way of securing a network. The bigger the value of the network the more inefficient transactions have to be to stop it being more profitable to break the network than to secure it. 
People are overly focused on tokens for trade not being "devalued" whilst ignoring they're supporting a system that is going to waste real value (not just a token for value), by depending on an energy-computing arms race to make sure no one can have 51% of the hash power. 
If the justification of Proof of Work is to avoid "inflation tax" then its utterly doomed to fail because you're not avoiding tax you're just switching to a form of money that now wastes huge amounts of resources to stop anyone from compromising it.
@_date: 2018-04-08 17:55:27


The info of how much money you're sending, when and to what address, and what address that money came from before you had it. All those are metadata that can be used to identify you. And every address connected to your address also has more information that can be crosslinked.
None of that information is created and then uploaded to a permanent public database when you deal in cash.


And some you can pay in cash with no personal information, so don't use the ones that require a social security number.
Some exchanges require personal information, that doesn't mean you can just say "bitcoin isn't private because some places that sell it require ID"


So then that address is linked to your employer? Sounds more private than just getting paid in cash.
Where is your employer getting bitcoin? Are they getting it from an exchange that requires handing over personal information?


You're unnecessarily adding in using a bank here. If you can get paid in bitcoin you can get paid in cash, and cash has no permanent record. If you bought $10,000 of bitcoin from your bank account your bank would look into it without notifying you. 


There's no way everything you want to buy is purchasable with bitcoin with no fiat or middlemen intermediate.
@_date: 2018-04-10 11:16:16
Satoshi wanted bitcoin to be a P2P currency, not something people hoarded as a "store of value". The whitepaper never once mentions it being a "store of value" rather than a currency.
Apparently "common sense" didn't lead him to the right answers.
@_date: 2018-04-09 13:46:46


You keep bringing this up when we are talking about bitcoin vs cash/pre-paid in cash cards, not bitcoin vs cards you have to give your social security number for.


because you say you're worried about data leaks more than convenience and the blockchain adds yet another vector to cross link data and expose your personal information like what and how much you have been buying and from who. blockchain data has already been used to compromise peoples identities and bring criminal prosecutions. you can't somehow become more secure by releasing more data into the world, even if its pseudonymous. 


How is someone in the third world without internet access supposed to use bitcoin? None of that is relevant to whether cash is more private than bitcoin.


Why do you think anyone is still using Western Union then? Western Union are doing better business now than when Bitcoin was first launched, which isn't what you would expect if Bitcoin was a cheaper more efficient alternative to Western union. you can't actually use bitcoin properly without access to traditional banking infrastructure. Without payment processors like coinbase or bitpay its almost impossible to use it anywhere, and many places in the developing world don't even have enough internet access for e-commerce to be a relevant factor, which is why Bitcoin hasn't replaced Western Union in the developing world.
@_date: 2018-04-26 19:09:31
there's plenty of libertarians who don't hold contradictory ideas about the role of the state, either those who believe in a role for a small limited state or those who are fully on board with absolutely no state.
the hypocrisy of some in the bitcoin movement is more just blindly following self interest than any particular ideology. you can predict what their viewpoint will be not on any underlying principle, but whether or not something will be "good for bitcoin".
see the countless contradictory points about whether its a good or bad thing for bitcoin to be embraced by the traditional financial industry. NASDAQ considering Bitcoin? TO THE MOON MY HODLERS! SEC considering introducing some new regulation on Bitcoin securities? FUD, bitcoin can't be regulated, bitcoin is going to replace these old financial dinosaurs. 
government and financial institutions are simultaneously embracing bitcoin and terrified of it and are trying to eliminate it depending on which one of those positions appears to be "good for bitcoin" at the time.
@_date: 2018-04-11 19:37:16
So when gold is less valuable than bitcoin, then you'd use it to buy a videogame?
how long before 1 gold is worth less than 1 videogame?
@_date: 2018-04-11 15:37:07
I have an even better solution than the last panel. Instead of spending crypto, and then buying it back with dollars and incurring fees in the process, you just spend dollars directly and that way you still get to buy the goods and services you want, but you don't have to lose any additional purchasing power on extra fees, and you still get to keep exactly the same number of bitcoins as before. There's no chance of the price of bitcoin going up so then you can't buy back as many bitcoins as you had before.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:53:46


Bitcoin was searched more than jesus, trump, pizza and gold at the peak of last years speculative mania.
It's now dropped below all in terms of search traffic, even Jesus.
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:54:00
The survivorship bias being talked about is that of predictions.
People don't bring up all the failed predictions, they only bring up the successful ones.
If you have enough people making predictions some of them by chance will be right, that doesn't mean they knew any better than the other people.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:00:25


Is this "fraud" by any chance using the same untrademarked name?
its not fraud to sell different versions of the same open source software using the same name. Thats why you need a trademark if you actually want to sue people from using the name, which is why the Linux Foundation has a trademark on Linux, so it can control who gets to sell software callde "linux".


That's an actual solution instead of everyone just endlessly complaining about someone using a name that isn't trademarked. If you want trademark protections, register a trademark.
It's crazy how many people never cared about Bitcoin not having a trademark until they realized that meant someone else could call another coin Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-07 11:03:06
This is good for Bitcoin.
Bitcoin was never supposed to have middlemen, it was meant to be P2P decentralized cash.
Exchanges gouging customers like this will force people to use Bitcoin the way Satoshi intended.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:57:24


Bitcoin has gone from selling from 5 cents to $20,000
That's a 400,000x increase. Do you think it can make another 400,000x increase?
@_date: 2018-04-06 18:55:25
You won't like what Friedman had to say about deflation.
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:35:08
A medium of exchange needs to exchange something.
What is all this transaction volume being used to exchange? Because if its just fiat for bitcoin and bitcoin for fiat then its not the medium of exchange.
@_date: 2018-04-18 15:04:17
House prices have increased much faster than the rate of inflation. "inflation" isn't even close to a correct answer, it completely ignores the fundamentals of the housing market and why houses haven't become better and cheaper like nearly any other economic good has in the last 100 years.
@_date: 2018-04-20 11:30:35


You have to make a lot of untested assumptions to be this certain.
It's fully possible Lightning hits some kind of wall that people didn't anticipate and that isn't observable when you only have a few thousand nodes.
A lot of people thought Bitcoin could scale onchain until they realized just increasing block size wasn't a viable option. Blocksize only got reduced to 1mb reactively, Satoshi had no idea it would be necessary before it happened.
For Lightning to work at scale you need to assume that it can grow to a point where you never need to open or close more channels than would be economically feasible for the blockchain to sustain, which is a huge assumption. The network could scale in lots of different ways, and each one of those ways would have a different pattern of opening/closing channels.
It also depends on how much other stress on the blockchain is going on. If there is an economic incentive to keep the blockchain maxed out (say it becomes a very popular method of moving large amounts of money so people are willing to pay very high fees), then it could easily get to the point where it just isn't feasible to grow the Lightning Network.
you also need to make an assumption about the reliability of routing at the scale of billions, which is completely untested, especially with a financial component.
@_date: 2018-04-10 13:04:03
There's only $80,000 on LN and just over 1000 active nodes.
How small do you think Bitcoin is if that amount of activity would have a significant impact on the demand for blockspace?
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:55:30


I guess all the people mad at BitPay still haven't learned their lesson about what accepting bitcoin actually means.
@_date: 2018-04-30 18:57:19
How do nodes prosecute someone for fraud?
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:01:37


Cigarettes slowly rot, yet cigarettes are much better currency in prison than gold.
Almost like appreciation isn't actually necessary or sufficient for a currency to have.
@_date: 2018-04-18 13:13:37
Plenty of exchanges have been hacked.
A bank being hacked or going out of business doesn't effect your ability to use dollars unless you have dollars in that bank.
@_date: 2018-04-26 20:53:01
How does that somehow give Bitcoin a trademark?
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:07:07
Bitcoin keeps a perfect pseudonymous database of every transaction ever conducted, and millions of bitcoins have now been passed through exchanges with KYC regulations which have been reporting any transaction volumes over $20,000, meaning millions of coins histories can now be at least partially identified by governments which will make it really easy to trace where bitcoins are moving even ones just indirectly tied to exchanges.
People have also been using coin tumblers to try and annonymize their transactions and we know from NSA leaks about PRISM, OAKSTAR and other programs that they will be hacking these tumblers, and have likely set up their own honey pot tumblers to gather data on people. The NSA has also compromised TOR and VPNs and other things people will be trying to use to anonymity their online data. The government can also issue secret gag orders that require sites to give access to their records and threatens indefinite detention if they attempt to warn anyone or take down the site.
Cash on the other hand keeps no permanent record of every transaction in its history, because you don't need to connect to government spying infrastructure to use cash.
@_date: 2018-04-12 17:27:18
So until bitcoin actually goes above $20,000 you can't say they're wrong. They didn't even say impossible they just said unlikely.
@_date: 2018-04-23 19:34:00
It's mainly because that kind of investigative journalism takes work.
Zimbabwe has a fascinating currency system right now where both USD and Zimbabwe bond notes (which are supposedly pegged to USD) are in use, although USD is officially the currency and bond notes technically only represent USD and are not an official currency.
This has led to a two tier system where stores have two prices, one in dollars, one in bond notes, as there is little confidence bond notes will retain their value (although they have so far avoided hyper-inflation). Banks have also been resorting to handing out deposits in coins instead of notes since there's a shortage of notes.
It's a fascinating case study into how currency adoption works in a volatile economy without an official state backed currency, but there's very little good investigative journalism being done. Mainly because its more work and will get less attention than another "Bitcoin ATM opens" story.
@_date: 2018-04-10 11:11:35
The USD is deflationary in Zimbabwe and its causing huge problems in the economy as a result because of rampant hoarding.
@_date: 2018-04-02 21:43:27


Taking something as payment is not the same thing as it being a unit of account.
You can pay for things online using precious metals, its still impossible to calculate prices in metals without a unit of account like fiat because metals do not possess the socially emergent property of currency in any modern economies. The price is set in fiat and then the equivalent value of metal is calculated and transferred. It's not possible to know how many ounces of copper are worth how many ounces of silver without a unit of account. just like its not possible to know how many bitcoins is worth how many lambos without a unit of account.
without a unit of account its impossible to tell whether 1000 satoshi is a little or a lot to pay for something, just like its impossible to tell if an ounce of gold is a little or a lot to pay for something. The only way you could tell if an ounce of gold is worth a ton of steel is if that was their equivalent value in a unit of account. Otherwise you're left with barter, which varies based on the individual.


Both Euros and USD are currencies and units of account in their respective nations. You can work out the price of something in euros in europe without first working out how much something is in dollars. No one in Europe is asking how many dollars worth of euros something is worth before paying in euros. How many dollars its worth is irrelevant, thats why they have different purchasing power parities.
McDonalds in France don't bump the price of a 99 cent cheeseburger up to 1.01 just because the dollar jumps in value one day. They have separate purchasing power parity because they're separate currencies, people aren't just using euros as a way of trading dollars, they're valued in their own right.
@_date: 2018-04-12 12:53:09


you know instead of saving for 20-30 years to buy a house, getting no benefit from that money all that time, and having to pay rent all that time, you can just get a mortgage and then immediately own the house and then live in it for the rest of your life while you pay off the mortgage?
Then instead of paying rent you're just paying off ownership of the house.
Also in 20-30 years the house will likely be more valuable than when you bough it, so you will save money overall by getting a mortgage instead of saving for decades to buy it.


you haven't said what its "game changing" for except "savings" which you can already do with anything that has higher returns than inflation.


So you've already saved enough money to live on for the rest of your life, so its not about savings. You think it will make you mega rich.
@_date: 2018-04-27 17:56:58
There are coins that have hit their max supply limit years ago. 
Go look how they're doing if you think artificial scarcity of tokens on open source software actually matters.
@_date: 2018-04-17 15:44:23


So if you own a piece of land, and do absolutely nothing with it, and the price of land goes up due to someone else building a mall nearby, you have generated wealth?
what wealth have you generated? If you had never been born what wealth wouldn't have been generated in that scenario?
How would you describe the difference between a situation where you create something of wealth (like building a house), and a situation where you get richer despite not creating anything of value?


The only examples you gave me either included savings that are loaned out by banks for people to invest in business (which is generating wealth by investment, not hoarding), which shows a misunderstanding of what interest rates are, and meeting some threshold to avoid a legal regulation on paying insurance. That isn't generating wealth anymore than any other way you could get out of paying insurance. It's avoiding a cost imposed by the government. 
If you think that any reduction in costs or any increase in price of something = generating wealth then you have no way of distinguishing between actual wealth production and rent seeking.
you haven't made any other meaningful points in your reply apart from declaring yourself an economic genius despite the fact you feel confident in dismissing entire fields of economics without doing even the most basic reading.
@_date: 2018-04-11 14:39:52
This post is still making the argument that since there are other things causing problems in the Zimbabwean economy (which I have not once denied or disagreed with), then deflation might not be causing any problems and all of Zimbabwe's economic problems might be caused by other things like Mugabe disrupting foreign investment and agricultural output by seizing farms.
You are still treating it like either deflation must be responsible for all problems in the Zimbabwean economy or none of them. That it can't be a minor cause of some problems or a cause of some problems and not others.
You would not use this logic in the reverse situation.
When Zimbabwe were hyper-inflating their own dollar, and Mugabe was seizing farms (and doing lots of other corrupt and destructive things to the economy), you wouldn't say "maybe hyper-inflation isn't causing any problems, maybe its just a symptom of Mugabe disrupting farming".
You would be happy to look specifically at the hyper-inflation of the currency and the effects that was having instead of just treating the economy as an indivisible whole where anything could be affecting anything and you can't specifically analyze cause and effect.
Unless you're going to apply a consistent standard and say that maybe hyper-inflation wasn't causing any problems in Zimbabwe since Mugabe was doing lots of other disruptive things to the economy so its impossible to tell exactly what effect it was having, maybe hyper-inflation was just a symptom of something else.
@_date: 2018-04-15 17:13:29
Your wage doesn't change just because you price it in a different currency.
@_date: 2018-04-01 21:50:29
you can use a newspaper as an umbrella or a hammer, it doesn't do a particularly good job at either of those things.
when people are asking for uses of bitcoin they mean practical use cases where it solves a problem someone needs solving, not just a theoretical use that very few if any people want or need it for.
the fact that the vast majority of people using bitcoin (which is supposedly selling itself on being decentralized) are using it through centralized middlemen throws into question whether "decentralization" is something users of bitcoin want or need, let alone anyone else.
centralization is very efficient which is why even when people buy into a decentralized cryptocurrency they end up trading it through centralized processors rather than directly with each other.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:49:11


Becoming richer isn't the same thing as generating wealth.
Generating wealth increases the total amount of wealth, it doesn't just move it from one person to another.
Lot's of things can make you richer without generating wealth. 
Winning a game of poker can make you richer, but no wealth has been generated, you only have more because someone else has less. Unless someone has generated wealth to begin with then they have no wealth to win or lose in a poker game. 
If I tax you 50% of your income, I will become richer, I haven't generated any wealth. I only have more because you have less. 
If a company with a monopoly uses their position to raise prices, they will become richer but only at the expense of their customers becoming poorer. They're not paying more to get more, they're paying more because a monopoly position allows them to charge more without offering any more in return because of a lack of competition.
There are a million different ways of increasing your share of wealth without creating any wealth. This is parasitic economic behavior because if everyone did it then the only way anyone would get better off is by making someone else worse off. In economics this is referred to as [rent-seeking.]( Buying up property and waiting for it to go up in value is a textbook example, hence the name rent-seeking.
Wealth generation creates wealth that wouldn't exist without the act of creation.


See above. If a professional poker player does something to reduce their losses it doesn't mean they're generating more wealth, they're just losing less money.
You seem to be operating on a very basic perceptual model of economics where anything that makes you rich is generating wealth and anything that costs you money is destroying wealth.
@_date: 2018-04-19 13:59:45
Why couldn't you have just used precious metals to do the same thing?
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:57:10


Diversification isn't the same thing as something being a store of value.
Store of value has a specific definition and function that isn't just "don't put all your money in one thing".
Bitcoin isn't a store of value, its a highly volatile speculative asset, that's why people say "don't invest more than you can afford to lose", that's why people say shit like HODL, a phrase specifically invented for people to weather the price volatility of Bitcoin in hopes that it will pay off as a speculative bet in the long run.
If it was honestly a better store of value than fiat, why do you think merchants refuse to keep any money in BTC and instantly convert to fiat? Surely everyone would be keeping their money in BTC and only converting to fiat when they needed to.


Fixed supply makes it easier to manipulate, not harder. That means if you buy up lots of bitcoin, price is guaranteed to increase because supply can't increase to compensate, and if you sell a bunch of bitcoin, price is guaranteed to decrease because supply won't decrease to compensate.
This is why its so volatile and so prone to speculation. 
@_date: 2018-04-26 13:35:59


If you sell "Aspirin" you can't be sued by the originators of Aspirin because its no longer a trademark. Anyone can sell their version of aspirin regardless if they are the originators of the term aspirin or whether they are the "majority" producers of Aspirin.
You can't call something fraud just because you wish a term was trademarked when its not. The law holds absolutely no weight to whether something is "a minority fork" or not. 
Get the trademark if you want trademark protections. Good luck getting it if your names not Satoshi, and good luck enjoying a "decentralized" currency where one man can sue anyone for selling bitcoin with the phrase "Bitcoin" without permission.
Not protecting your trademark is grounds for losing your trademark (that's how Aspirin lost theirs) and its been long enough now with no imitators being sued that it has likely lost any chance of being a protected trademark.
@_date: 2018-04-10 11:05:12
You just explained why TA doesn't work.
@_date: 2018-04-02 21:10:37
That's not an answer. 
If you're concerned about data leakage don't buy anything online. There's no way to buy anything online that doesn't create some sort of record. If you're buying stuff online with bitcoin, how are you avoiding anyone getting your name and address?
If its impossible to prove that you gave someone money, why would they ever be obligated to give you anything in return? There has to be some system of account for online commerce to be possible.
@_date: 2018-04-03 13:42:43


Buy a prepaid card with cash.
you can get cards without any personal information attached to them. How is that releasing more of your info than a public blockchain?
also what stores can you even buy directly with bitcoin without using an account with coinbase or bitpay or the like?
@_date: 2018-04-12 18:52:08


you haven't explained why this would be unless you think bitcoin is going to have a higher/more reliable rate of return than any other asset.
The S&amp;P 500 has grown 9.8% a year over the last 90 years, which is about the highest rate of return any investment has had over such a long time period. If that wasn't high enough for people to just save for homes instead of borrowing for them, how high do you think bitcoins growth rate is going to be over that kind of time period? 15% a year? 20%? 


How does the network know the difference between a coin that is being "hodled" and a coin that has just been lost and is never going to be spent? How does a coin doing nothing sitting on a paper wallet somewhere help the network anymore than coins doing nothing because their owners lost them and can't recover them?


This contradicts the idea that its not about speculation. "don't invest more than you can afford to lose" is how people talk about gambling, not saving. If you're interested in saving you put it in the absolute safest place you can. You must think other things are safer than bitcoin if you think people should only put a small % of their savings in it.


You've talked about "hodling" and using bitcoin for savings, and you can't have money in savings and invested in businesses at the same time.  If you had all your bitcoin tied up in investments then you wouldn't have any bitcoins, you'd have a % of businesses you bought with bitcoin, and those businesses would then use those bitcoins to grow their business.
If your goal is to help bitcoin and not become rich then you would accomplish that better by investing that money in projects that are trying to make bitcoin more usable than just sitting on coins for years waiting for them to go up in value.
@_date: 2018-04-27 13:17:44


The only thing stopping anyone from forking Linux and selling it as Linux is the Linux Trademark and the GNU Licensing agreement which comes from copyright law. That is why the Linux Foundation sued for ownership of the trademark, because you can't control who uses the name without owning the trademark.
You can fork linux and sell it as linux with permission from the Linux Foundation. You could not sue someone for selling a "fake" Linux fork if they had permission from the trademark owner because it is the trademark owner who decides who can use the name. A court would not be able to say "but that fork isn't made by the original creators, it doesn't have as many people using it, its FRAUD to call that linux, its not the real linux!".
If the originators could just claim anyone selling a version of the software with the same name was selling a "fake", there would be no need for trademark law. Trademark exists to determine who is the genuine source of a product.
Claims like "Bitcoin has the majority consensus and the most work so it is the real Bitcoin" has absolutely no basis in trademark law.
The law makes no determination over which is the "original" project/software or not, outside of existing law on trademark and copyright. Even being the company that produced the product and registered the trademark (like Bayer and Aspirin) is not enough to guarantee sole exclusive use of a product name. "Aspirin" now refers to any generic acetylsalicylic acid product regardless of who made it or what particular formulation its in, because Bayer didn't defend their trademark.
Not only has Bitcoin not defended its trademark, it hasn't even registered one. Bitcoin forks would have a trivial time proving their entitled to the use of "Bitcoin" as evidenced by 9 years of no prosecutions for infringing on the trademark.
People are trying to invent their own intellectual property law because they don't like the fact Satoshi didn't register a trademark.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:42:14
Now include the telegram, the fax machine, ocean liners, the NCP network protocol,  Netscape Navigator and Alta Vista.
@_date: 2018-04-06 12:30:01


Why hasn't it replaced the national currency of even 1 nation then?
@_date: 2018-04-26 20:59:27


What does make sense? Did he forget all the times open source projects had dispute about trademarks or did he consciously choose not to register a trademark?
The time for trademarking bitcoin is over. You can't trademark bitcoin anymore than you can trademark "Aspirin" or "videotape", which were both brand names that lost their trademarks. The only people who could have legitimate claim to trademark let it go.
If you're really desperate for a trademark, there is nothing stopping everyone who currently uses bitcoin to fork an identical copy with a new trademarked name and setting up some authority to sue trademark violations (which is what you need to do if you want to keep a trademark). I'm sure that authority can help ensure the decentralized permissionless message of TrademarkCoin for years to come. So long as the people running that authority are trustworthy and don't abuse ownership of trademark for their own benefit.
The old bitcoin would become worthless, and roger ver would be left with a fake copy of a worthless coin.
that is of course if what people really care about is protecting the message in the Genesis block with the power of US government trademark law.
@_date: 2018-04-21 12:10:51
You can look at daily transactions and know there is no significant number of transactions happening in Venezuela.
Even 100,000 Venezuelans using Bitcoin on a regular basis would have led to a significant increase in daily transactions.
This headline is ridiculously misleading. It's used to imply people are using bitcoin as a replacement currency, because the volume on exchanges is up, but even that's not true. Less bitcoins were traded this year than the same time last year. Volume is only "up" as measured in Bolivars, because hyper inflation means you need far more bolivars to buy the same amount of thing as last year.
@_date: 2018-04-26 19:40:34


You appear to have hit upon the core of the issue stopping people from suing people for using the Bitcoin trademark: there isn't one.


Nothing (well, the logo might be copyrighted by the artist who came up with it).
The only thing stopping you from making copies/versions of Linux and selling them as "Linux" is the fact that Linus Torvald and the Linux Foundation registered a trademark, and the code is copyrighted as well. So even if you didn't use any of their code you still couldn't call it Linux.
Either Satoshi was incompetent in never registering a trademark or he never intended one group to be able to own the bitcoin name.
What organization would even own the trademark? Would you be happy with Coinbase owning the trademark, or maybe one of the larger mining pools?
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:40:07
If only there were decades of precedent of trademark disputes in open source software projects that he could have used to be aware that when there's a split in an open source software project often multiple groups want to use the same name.
Almost like it was a conscious choice not to trademark bitcoin because it would grant whichever person or group who ended up with the trademark a source of centralized power that could grant or deny use of the term.
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:44:12
Why are you bringing up problems not caused by deflation and then trying to use that as proof that deflation isn't causing any problems?
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:41:17
I'll credit this with not being yet another "spend and replace" post, but it only makes sense if you assume the monthly growth rate of bitcoin is going to be higher than the % of fees of buying and then spending bitcoin.
Most exchanges have fees between 1-4%, and that's not counting any hidden fees and minimum spends. Right now bitcoin isn't showing anywhere near that growth rate so you're just going to lose money on fees.
And that's assuming you buy bitcoin at the start of the month, and spend it all at the end of the month. More realistically you're going to spend it quicker than that, and so benefit from any growth rate during that time less.
@_date: 2018-04-09 18:13:04
How many 0.00000000001 BTC tips do you need to get before it covers the cost of opening the channel?
@_date: 2018-04-22 16:38:56


You know bitcoin is taxed as well right?
@_date: 2018-07-01 13:52:22
How is a private bank worse than a private bitcoin miner?
You're free to use either one right? Let the market decide.
@_date: 2018-04-20 18:17:34
Venezuela has a population of 31 million.
If even 10% of the population had switched to using bitcoin as their main currency, we would see a dramatic increase in daily transactions.


So in spite of record hyper-inflation, bitcoin trade still hasn't surpassed its peak of last year?
A small number of rich people trading a large number of coins does not equal mainstream adoption. 
People need to stop mindlessly parroting the "zimbabwe/venezuela adopt bitcoin!" stories and address the real problems that are stopping bitcoin being adopted as a currency even in places where the state currency has collapsed or is collapsing.
@_date: 2018-04-24 17:14:00
Yeah, fiat is also used outside of prison, not gold.
Trade tokens work far better if they slowly depreciate than if they slowly appreciate. As evidenced by the fact the whole world decided to abandon using gold/silver coins for buying and selling, even though there's nothing stopping anyone from using them (besides their unsuitability as currency).
@_date: 2018-04-20 10:54:50


That would only be the case if you think fees and transaction speeds are currently preventing further adoption.
Lightning was being hailed as Bitcoins savior back when transaction fees were 20-50 dollars on average and it was taking days for a low fee transaction to go through. 
Fees for bitcoin are very low now, but look at daily transactions. There's plenty of empty blockspace now and no demand for it (hence low fees). There's enough room for another 100k daily transactions (50% increase) before fees started getting out of hand again.
The Median fee is $0.15 now. Let's say on chain fees went down to $0.001, and suddenly bitcoin become instant. Do you think there are millions of people who were just waiting for fees to get that low before spending bitcoin?
And what is going to be the incentive to grow Lightning when onchain fees are so low and so few people are on the network?
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:21:38
how is the difference between bitcoin and a bitcoin fork the difference between email and IRC?
Is a fork of linux now windows? or is it still linux? should we get a lawsuit together for all the forks of linux calling themselves linux?
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:15:47
why wouldn't they? he's probably the most well known politician in the world, and the most controversial. he's regularly in the news all over the world.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:10:38
I guess as long as you never use bitcoin to buy anything from a company that is legally mandated to report its earnings then you have nothing to worry about.
@_date: 2018-04-07 17:35:24
If you're not going to start using Satoshi as currency until everyone else does, what makes you think everyone else is going to act differently to you?
@_date: 2018-04-18 15:04:55
increased demand only increases price if supply stays the same. 
In a functional market increased prices should create an incentive to increase supply leading to an equilibrium price.
Ask yourself what is stopping supply from increasing to meet demand for houses.
@_date: 2018-04-05 22:58:35


Currency is trade tokens. If you don't have any trade going on you don't need any currency. The more things you are trading the more tokens you need to represent those things, the greater the demand for currency will be.


Specifically demand for trade of goods and services, abstractly a growing economy will tend to both increase the amount of goods and services available to trade, and the number of people with wealth to trade them.
We refer to gold standard as "deflationary", only because the supply of gold tends now to increase slower than the demand for currency, but this was not always the case. There have been several inflationary periods during the gold currency era, both when the economy has tanked and demand for trade in goods and services have dropped (this occurred during the civil war), and also when large new gold deposits were found and there was a sudden increase in gold supply above the present demand (this happened locally during many gold rushes).


I think if you don't know you should ask more questions before deciding they don't have answers.
@_date: 2018-04-09 14:20:09


"A store of value is the function of an asset that can be saved, retrieved and exchanged at a later time, and be predictably useful when retrieved. More generally, a store of value is anything that retains purchasing power into the future."
Seems like a pretty good definition to me.
The "predictably retrieved" part is the most important, otherwise its not a "store" of value, its just speculation.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:11:38
That's a great point, both insightful and not a completely bullshit distraction from actually discussing the thing this subreddit is about.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:58:22
So you have no problem with Ver calling Bitcoin Cash bitcoin then, that's absolutely justified because its not a trademarked or copyrighted term?
Please let me know what other law you think he's broken.
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:24:50
It depends how easy the monopoly is to circumvent.
Circumventing the road monopoly is basically impossible because you can't just build an alternative road system. There can only be one road in one place at one time, and government roads are naturally built where there is most need for roads.
Other monopolies have been circumvented, like the taxi-cab monopoly. It was circumvented by apps that allowed competing taxi-cabs by exploiting a legal loophole on what counted as a taxi-cab.
Bitcoin isn't circumventing any monopoly. You can already use things like gold and silver as currency, both online and offline, nobody does though because they're not better in any way, and are deflationary which is a bad thing for the velocity and stability of a currency.
Not only doesn't bitcoin circumvent any government monopoly, its dependent on two government monopolies to even function. If the government start refusing use of grid power for mining bitcoin they can cripple proof of work with their own power, and if they start blocking banks and ISPs from having anything to do with bitcoin they can quickly make it almost impossible to use online, or even sites like localbitcoin.
Government doesn't have a monopoly on money though. You can use almost anything as money, including just straight up bartering as long as you declare it in taxes.
@_date: 2018-04-01 22:47:20
No one can use bitcoin independently from governments or banks.
the majority of trade is done on government regulated exchanges/payment processors, over government regulated internet and power infrastructure, using government money and centralized payment processors (also regulated by the government).
what little is happening outside of those heavily centralized channel is still heavily reliant on the availability of those channels to create enough confidence in liquidity and other forms of government payment and infrastructure (i.e. localcoins still requires people to have bank accounts or fiat cash to be able to trade, and government internet to facilitate the trades)
If it was possible to run without governments or banks then it should be already doing so because it directly undermines the supposedly pretty big use case for bitcoin if it builds an infrastructure reliant things that the government can take away.
It's not possible to run something like bitcoin without centralized telecoms and power infrastructure. So long as governments are still in charge of who gets to lay fiber optic cable through neighborhoods and who gets to launch satellites into space that isn't likely to change. And so long as decentralized power represents only a tiny of fraction of the worlds energy supply its also not practical to do PoW without regulated government power infrastructure. 
@_date: 2018-04-10 11:03:49
so its potentially the most impactful paradigm shifts in history but it might not be?
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:51:08
great point, i rescind all my previous arguments.
@_date: 2018-04-21 12:02:09


There are plenty of exchanges that will let you buy btc on margin.
@_date: 2018-04-07 11:15:47


Gold was a global deflationary currency. Or rather it had long deflationary periods. No currency is inherently inflationary or deflationary. It's relative to the supply and demand of currency.


Or people just [resort to barter]( and save deflationary money instead.


Yes, there's no way government can just increase taxes to the equivalent of what they'd lose by not owning the money supply. They've only managed to seize 1 million out of 16 million bitcoins in existence despite only seizing bitcoins in relation to other crimes. They'd definitely not be able to do anything if they decided to ban bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:23:58


What is telling is that during the boom there were all these stories of small time speculators buying up 8 houses and flipping them, but far fewer stories of anyone building 8 houses. 


Debt fueled demand exacerbated the problem of supply not rising to meet demand, but it didn't cause it. What we saw in the 2000s was a [temporary rapid acceleration]( of a longer term trend. House prices have already recovered to pre-crash levels even with subprime mortgages dropping to a fraction of what they were.
Banks were lending out so much money for mortgages because the underlying supply constriction made housing very profitable to speculate on due to the feedback loop of buying houses -&gt; increases house prices -&gt; use increased value of housing to buy more houses. It was seen as a no-lose loan. Either the banks got paid back, or they got to repossess a house that had now increased significantly in value since the mortgage was issued so that it was now worth more than the mortgage. Of course that works great until you hand out so many loans that enough people defaulting can cause a short term spike in supply and drop in demand which bursts the bubble.
This was worsened by a misregulated and fraudulent secondary bubble in credit default swaps, which made banks confident that they had hedged the risk of defaults, but wasn't true because the true risk of the debt was being concealed and not being priced in. In fact it just made them over-leveraged in 2 bubbles instead of 1.


There'd be a rapid crash in price to adjust to a sudden drop in demand for housing and then housing would continue to rise in cost because there would still be more demand for houses in the places people want to live than there is supply.
Even if you outlawed mortgage lending (effectively outlawing buying homes for anyone not rich enough to buy a house outright) it would just change from more people wanting to buy houses than there are houses to more people wanting to rent houses than there are houses, with a smaller number of wealthy landlords owning huge amounts of property they could buy outright rather than a larger number of small time landlords.
@_date: 2018-04-07 16:44:27


"I will not be spending Satoshi until we only buy goods in Satoshi"
@_date: 2018-04-16 14:22:23
In your post you complain about people smearing bitcoin as tax cheats, but then the top ranked post in this thread says "fuck paying taxes in this shithole; thank god for BTC", to which you reply "you're not alone in your thinking".
There are also several upvoted posts in this thread praising tax cheats and tax evasion.
sure makes it seem like tax evasion is popular in the BTC community.
@_date: 2018-04-14 19:50:31
I like how you just ignored the 2nd half of that sentence, as if it had no bearing on the 1st half.
So if the government printed a 500 trillion dollar note, and just locked it in a vault somewhere, we'd see 500% inflation instantly, since there'd now be 500% more dollars than before?
What's statist about knowing how the basic functioning of currency and pricing works?
@_date: 2018-04-10 11:20:57
60% of the time it works every time.
@_date: 2018-04-11 15:32:12


When they think the price isn't going to go up much further.
@_date: 2018-04-08 19:00:33


If its always possible to invest in companies above the rate of deflation, why would anyone be invested in anything less profitable than that? Why isn't everyone only invested in the companies that have the highest growth rates?
You're already presupposing in this hypothetical that no one would be invested in anything less than the deflation rate, so of course in that hypothetical, deflation would not make money hoarding more profitable than investment and so wouldn't initiate a deflationary spiral.
Economies don't work like that, they're not zero sum, there is no floor on profitability and you would get extreme diminishing returns if everyone pulled their money out of lower return investments and put it in the most profitable businesses, which is why people don't do it.
Profitability is not a signal of how important something is, or how much wealth an industry generates, its most often a sign of inefficiency and lack of competition. The most efficient industries are locked in aggressive competition that drives prices as close down to cost as possible and keeps margins low. It's these kinds of businesses that are destroyed in deflationary spirals first, because it moves money away from these important efficient businesses and into more profitable but less efficient areas of business.
In the 1930s, casinos and speakeasys were booming, whilst 1 in 3 farms shut down, while millions were suffering from malnutrition. This is the kind of distortion deflation causes by encouraging people to "just invest in the most profitable businesses". Economies can't function properly if the money supply is distorting the baseline profitability of businesses.
Say you have 1% deflation. So everyone who's invested in something that provides less than 1% return pulls out for cash. This now pulls a bunch of money out of circulation and decreases the money supply, so now the deflation rate goes up even higher, its now 2%. So now anyone making less than 2% (which is an even bigger number of investments), pulls their money, which increases the deflation rate. That's how it becomes a spiral.
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:44:12
Where do you think demand for bitcoin comes from and how do you think exponentially decreasing supply effects that demand?
@_date: 2018-04-25 19:14:26
you can buy more under 9,000 now if you like
@_date: 2018-04-06 11:48:32
If the economy only existed in a single instance of time, then you'd be right, we could move the decimal point on all units of currency and it wouldn't affect anything, as long as they were all affected equally.
However, trade occurs over time, and changing the value of currency over time transfers value and distorts the price mechanism, which has a direct impact on the proper functioning of economies.
Let's say you're a business man, and you own a million dollar factory, that employs 100 people and provides a 5% annual return in profit ($50,000 a year after expenses and taxes).
If you have 6% deflation, whether because the supply of currency is not increasing as fast as the supply of goods and services, or whether because currency is being taken out of circulation (lost, destroyed, hoarded etc), then it now becomes more profitable to sell the factory for cash than to keep it.
If you sell that factory for $1,000,000 cash, you will now be making an extra $10,000 equivalent in value without any of the concerns of running the factory.
Not only that, if you *don't* sell your factory, that factory will now lose 6% of its value every year ($60,000 in the first year), so you will actually be losing wealth overall by keeping your wealth as a productive factory than as cash.
This is what causes deflationary spirals. Everyone starts selling off assets for cash (causing massive oversupply which drops prices even further and makes it even more urgent to sell off your assets, which causes more people to hoard which pulls more currency out of circulation which increases the rate of deflation), which initially benefits people by making things cheap, but starts to destroy economic production as people shift from investing in productive assets to hoarding cash. The fact money is now worth more means nothing because everyone is now making much less money because fewer people are being employed generating goods and services, so people have less money to buy goods and services from other companies.
All deflation is good for is transferring value from holders of wealth in other forms, to holders of wealth in currency, and since currency only generates wealth by facilitating trade this is not a good thing for a currency.
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:53:45
Actually BTC started at 0, so any price above 0 is infinitely larger than 0.
0 x 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 = 0
So no matter what bitcoins value is, so long as it is above 0 you are up 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000x from the start.
This is what makes bitcoin so revolutionary. even if it drops 99.999999% it is still worth billions of times more than it was 10 years ago.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:05:55


If that's how you're measuring it then its nowhere near the most impactful paradigm shifts in history.
The entire global market for crypto is only 250 billion, and thats if you just multiply all coins by the current price which is nowhere near what the actual value is because millions of those coins have been lost forever and even a few thousand coins being sold of significantly decreases the price.
There are single companies in the world several times bigger than the entire market cap. Apple has a market cap of 860 billion.
As for trade, again, its a tiny fraction of the worlds trade. Amazon does 26 million transactions per day, bitcoin is doing less than 200k in the entire world.
@_date: 2018-04-25 12:53:32


No. The verification of a coins value is done by coin security features, not metal assay. Coins exist in the first place because if you were just trading blank discs of metal it would be too easy to forge a metals value, and melting down and testing every coins metal content is far too costly in time and energy. coins exist to allow an instantly recognizable verification of a coins value by a trusted 3rd part, a mint.


Only if you assume scale will drive the efficiency above a given value. The opportunity cost alone would make it economically unfeasible simply to try and scale. If you have resources enough to get millions of coins, build a factory for shaving, and employ hundreds of workers, you could make far more money doing something else with all those resources than to try and shave coins deliberately designed to be unprofitable to shave. Not to mention it would only require one disgruntled worker to whistleblow and take down the whole operation. It's not a realistic threat.


Gold currency has always involved counter-party risk, that's why coins exist, to stop people being defrauded over fake gold.
you've now also changed the goalpost from "is not inflationary" to "doesn't involve counter-party risk". that's not what we were talking about, we were talking about why gold isn't used as currency anymore if inflation is bad for currencies, and then going through a list of arguments of how gold isn't used despite of its apparent superiority to fiat.
People didn't abandon gold in favor of fiat because of "coutner party risk" so its not a relevant counter argument.


The new 1 is loaded with features that are readily identifiable to the consumer. It's 12 sided, micro lettering on the rims, bimetallic, holographic, all these things make it much harder to forge and much easier to identify a real coin. It also has hidden security features that will make it easy for the mint to track down forgeries.
@_date: 2018-04-10 12:23:41
I didn't say all economic problems in zimbabwe are down to deflation, I said deflation is causing significant problems in the economy, problems you didn't attempt to address before dismissing as "probably not even causing any problems".
Have you looked at all into the effects USD deflation has had in Zimbabwe before commenting? Or is this just a "knee-jerk comment"?
@_date: 2018-04-19 17:27:57
Which is why I'm asking what you mean by "responding more acutely" to volatility.
No one can know what you're talking about when you're describing it in vague terms like that. What does a less acute response look like?
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:48:16
I bought blockbuster shares when they were tanking and I've never looked back. 
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:49:39
the only way a permissionless cryptocurrency can work is if the government protects people from fraud.
how can we trust a trustless currency if just anyone can claim they're that currency?
it is absolutely vital that the government uphold the ability to make transactions without a 3rd party having the power to censor transactions.
@_date: 2018-04-10 11:04:55
So they have billions of dollars to play and teams of mathematicians and programmers to work on problems but they're too dumb to realize what some guy on reddit knows which is that TA on crypto never loses money?
Why would a multi-billion dollar organization solely focused on hedging risk be more likely to lose money than investing in a volatile new asset? If TA on crypto never fails then that would be a better way of hedging risk than any other investment.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:58:00
50% of demand for gold comes from jewelry. Another 10% comes from electronics, medical and other industry.
@_date: 2018-04-26 19:18:48
If only he had registered a trademark so he could sue unlicensed use of the name like Linux has.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:36:54


Bitcoin went from $1,000 to $19,000 in less than a year on exactly the same supply rate. There is no reason to think those price increases are coming from supply drops rather than increase in speculation.
Financial institutions are already invested in Bitcoin, they're already selling financial instruments on top of bitcoin like futures. The idea that they're somehow waiting and are going to rush in and send bitcoin to the lambo-moon is speculator fantasy. 
@_date: 2018-04-20 10:43:41
You're forgetting the part where Roman society was built on the back of slavery which is 100% taxation of the people who happen to be slaves.
@_date: 2018-04-12 17:10:49
What an awful set of sentences.
@_date: 2018-04-22 16:51:55
Why do you think bitcoin lets you get away with not paying taxes?
Have fun in prison.
@_date: 2018-07-12 19:37:40
After you've bankrupted your debtor, then what?
An individual loan shark might want to ruin his debtors life for short term game but nation states want their money, they will structure debt in whatever way maximizes their returns which requires being able to maximize the economic productivity of the nation.
Nations learned after WW1 and the Treaty of Versailles that if you just bankrupt a nation you just end up not getting paid back so there is no point. 
@_date: 2018-04-07 10:59:42
Makes you think though. What are they trying to hide?
If they weren't up to something, why wouldn't they do this loudly with their dicks out like any hardworking god fearing American would?
@_date: 2018-04-13 21:49:21
How much of Theranos does he still own?
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:49:22
I was being sarcastic, pointing out the glaring contradiction in those two statements.
You can't simultaneously claim that bitcoin is freedom from government economic control and then say it doesn't mean freedom from government IP laws (which don't even apply in this case since there is no trademark or copyright owner).
Government will even rule some brands are not personal property if they become too generic, like Aspirin or Videotape, which was once a trademark but is now considered a generic name.
@_date: 2018-04-14 20:19:20


The vast majority of pension fund wealth is not invested in cash, they're invested in stocks, bonds, property, things that all grow faster than inflation, with the exception of some non-indexed bonds. bonds make up only a minority of most penion funds and exist to diversify risk in case the other things they're invested in crash in price.


The government can just raise taxes if they're not in charge of the money supply if they want more of your money. They can tax immovable assets like land that are impossible to hide.
"inflation lets the government steal" is a non-argument as soon as you assume governments will just increase taxes to compensate if they ever lose control of the money supply.


And with deflation anyone with assets is robbed by those who are holding money.
Deflationists seems to forget that every trade has a buyer and seller, and if your money now buys more it also means everything else sells for less. deflation is just the opposite side of the coin than inflation. 
It's more useful to have you wealth in assets you can use than just as paper (or numbers on a computer) that you can't. The only reason money has any value is because it allows you to trade it for things you want. Accumulating money should not be the point.
You can always use an inflationary currency to buy assets that go up in value, but if you have a deflationary currency the only way you can avoid losing value is to hold as much of your wealth in money as possible, which isn't good for you or the economy because money is only useful for trade.
If you're opposing all transfer of wealth through the money supply, you should be in favor of 0% inflation/deflation, which isn't offered either by fiat or bitcoin, but fiat is a lot closer to 0 than bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-24 14:21:07
Is he still bullish on Theranos or has he changed his mind since fraud charges were filed?
@_date: 2018-04-05 13:58:40


The chart was made in March 19, 2018. How could it be wrong about whats happened before December?
Are you saying this chart is an accurate prediction of the past?
@_date: 2018-07-03 22:46:16
That makes it pseudonymous, it doesn't mean the information isn't public.
If you're meant to be using this thing as a bank account then any business you do business with is going to know how much you have in your account, unless you set up a different node for every transaction which defeats the point of Lightning reducing costs by amortizing blockchain fees.
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:47:31


So that transaction is dependent on government currency, and a website that runs on government telecoms infrastructure that the government could take down at any moment if they say its being used to facilitate illegal activity.
If its possible to use bitcoin without relying on government money and government internet, why aren't you doing so?
@_date: 2018-04-21 12:05:05
That's why you can look at daily transactions and know that no significant number of Venezuelans are using bitcoin as currency.
If there were even 300,000 Venezuelans (less than 1% of the population) using bitcoin for day to day trading we would see an explosion in daily transaction volume.
These kinds of posts are just people posting about something they want to be true without putting in the barest effort in critical thinking and empirical tests
@_date: 2018-04-03 20:02:04


So long as people know that any increase in demand will increase the price of bitcoin, then there will be speculators looking to take advantage of any increase in demand.
There is nothing stopping the demand from speculators being several times greater than the demand from currency users which is a bad thing for the stability of a currency because such speculative behavior is inherently cyclical. Once speculative gains hit a short term peak, then people will immediately start selling off to try and cash out their speculative gains.
Useful currencies have a mechanism to stop speculators from just hoarding large quantities of currencies and then flooding the market  causing huge and unpredictable shifts in value which is death for a currency that is supposed to be able to reliably trade value for value.
This is why no widely used currency in human history has ever been fixed supply. Fixed supply guarantees that any level of use will lead to rampant speculation, so much speculation as to outmatch any legitimate use of the currency.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:55:18
Great rebuttal, I never thought of "doing some reading" before, you have disproven every point I've made with sound logic and evidence.
Maybe you should do some reading on basic IP law if you're going to claim it has been breached and somehow those laws conform to libertarian ethics.
There is no owner of the term "Bitcoin", it is not a trademark or copyrighted, so even if those laws were libertarian they haven't been broken.
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:41:54


No it doesn't. Gold is currently $1,340.65 an ounce. Which individual is that based on?
It doesn't matter if you have no gold or a ton of gold, that's how much an ounce is buying/selling for.
If you try bartering a chicken for something then it doesn't have a universal value because not everyone wants or needs a chicken. Some person might already have all the chicken they want, another guy might not like chicken, another guy might be a chicken farmer.
that's why medium of exchanges were invented, because barter is inefficient and doesn't allow people to trade unless they each have something the other wants.
@_date: 2018-04-28 17:09:22


Trademark allows you to stop anyone from using the name for commercial purposes related to the trademark without your permission. It wouldn't matter whether someone was selling Bitcoin books, a bitcoin exchange, bitcoin tokens or bitcoin t shirts, you could sue them for using the name "Bitcoin" without your permission. Trademark grants a wide range of exclusive rights.


If Bitcoin is identifiable by a specific set of properties, does that mean it ceases being Bitcoin when those properties change? When a 1mb cap limit was introduced, did it cease being bitcoin and it now became fraudulent to call it bitcoin since the original bitcoin had no 1mb limit?
Thanks to bitcoins open source license you are legally entitled to completely copy the bitcoin codebase with 100% identical properties to Bitcoin. You don't even need to make slight changes to make it different. Of course the main bitcoin network wouldn't recognize it as legit but there's nothing stopping you running it on a private network. 
You're allowed to sell something as gold so long as it contains some amount of gold. It doesn't even have to be pure gold. A range of alloys all with fairly different properties can all be sold as "gold".
Trying to call using bitcoin software fraud for not using the original network would be like a phone network trying to sue another phone network for selling credit on their own network because it wasn't the biggest, most popular or original phone network. that they're the real "phone network", and by other networks calling themselves a "phone network" they are defrauding customers trying to get on the "real" phone network but are being tricked onto getting onto the fake phone network.
There is no "real" phone network, or "real" bitcoin network. There is one that happens to be the biggest or first that you can say is real if you want. 
Only significant material changes to the nature of the phone network (i.e. it can only send text messages and not phone calls) might open up that phone network to charges of fraudulent selling by describing itself as a phone network.
If the technology is freely usable by anyone then so is the name, in absence of a trademark to give one group exclusive rights to the name. 
Open source software by its nature requires trademarks/copyright if you are going to try to elevate one particular branch as real or authentic and others as fake.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:14:13


How are you measuring impactfulness?


It's been 9 years.
Google went from not existing to being the most popular search engine in the world in 9 years.
Facebook went from not existing to having over a billion users in 9 years.
@_date: 2018-04-16 20:30:52


That's not cheating, that's playing by the rules, which as you point out are stacked in favor of people rich enough to take advantage of various legal loopholes.
The rules might not be fair but you won't change them just by breaking them. Nor will even an untraceable currency (which bitcoin isn't) stop taxes. The government can always just tax things you can't hide like property to compensate for any lost revenue.


This may well be true, and the US has a particular problem with corporations lobbying to make taxes complicated so they can make money from offering tax filing services, but I don't think any of that changes the fact that Bitcoin attracts a high percentage of people interested in not paying tax (even if they aren't actively evading tax and just hope bitcoin will one day lead to not having to pay taxes).
I don't think the Bitcoin community can simultaneously say they have an ideological problem with taxes and talk about how Bitcoin will help take down the tax system and then complain at media portrayals saying they're against paying taxes. I've heard too many people say anti-tax things to buy it as an unfair characterization. If people think getting rid of taxes is a good thing you should embrace it rather than acting outraged when people call them out on opposing tax.
There's also the huge amounts of money laundering being done with Bitcoin that can't just be ignored with "well people launder money in dollars too".
@_date: 2018-04-01 22:30:01
Why do people who are fine with using a centralized processor for the majority of their trade need to be able to send money to someone else without a centralized processor?
fulfilling some ideological goal that most people don't really care about isn't a real use case. most people will happily sacrifice decentralization for convenience, even people who say they care about decentralization above other concerns.
That's why bitpay was accepted by more major retailers than bitcoin by itself was, because bitpay was more useful than bitcoin despite the fact it was more centralized than just direct transfer.
In reality you can't use bitcoin without centralization. You only got bitcoin by purchasing it with some form of centralization (fiat, exchanges, bank transfers, credit cards), and the person you paid with bitcoin can only do something with it if they can access the same channels. Without centralization it would be useless.
@_date: 2018-04-16 12:03:17
BTC is currently too volatile to work without a fiat intermediary, so its ability to be adopted in a country without easy access to intermediary services (exchanges, banks, payment processors) etc is extremely limited. Merchants can't afford to keep cashflow in BTC, a business with a 10% margin could have all its profit wiped out if BTC drops 10%, and can't afford to wait weeks or months for BTC to rise again before paying its suppliers.
You should also look into the problems Zimbabwe has had with USD deflation (3% deflation a month at its peak), because it has been unable to get enough supply of USD to meet demand (meaning value of USD has been consistently rising in Zimbabwe). This despite USD being the most widely available reserve currency in the world.
The USD has also caused problems that it is much stronger compared to neighboring countries money like the South African Rand, meaning Zimbabweans can get more for their dollar by buying imports rather than to buy domestic goods priced in USD, which has hurt Zimbabwean manufacturers and exacerbated the USD shortage (as Zimbabweans sent USDs out of the country)
Recently though they're returning to inflation now that the Zimbabwe government has launched new "bond notes", which are meant to be pegged to the dollar but aren't. So Zimbabweans are caught between 2 currencies, one that is too inflationary and one that is too deflationary.
@_date: 2018-04-09 21:02:57
It's only the long term trend that matters, so you can't really use data from the last 3 months as basis for what it will be worth in 2018.
Why are people being so negative when bitcoin is still at $19,000?
I suspect Roger Ver may be paying people to spread FUD that bitcoin has actually gone down when it hasn't
@_date: 2018-04-11 17:32:36


That's an argument for investing money in generating wealth, not saving it. Those are two separate things.
Using money to generate wealth is always a better option than just holding onto wealth and hoping it can last long enough.
It's too bad the current bitcoin paradigm has taught people that you can only spend money on frivolous things, and that the dream is to get rich by hoarding a deflationary asset rather than to get rich by generating wealth.
@_date: 2018-04-29 21:40:56


There are hundreds of cryptocurrencies with a limited supply that are "deflationary by design". Nothing is valuable just because its rare or limited in supply, especially not something with unlimited economic substitutes.


42 coin is $33,000 from 0, more than 3x BTC, in less than half the time.
Course, you can say "but there are a lot more bitcoins than 42 coins", and there are a lot more ounces of gold than bitcoins.
So which is it? Is it unit price or market cap? If its unit price then 42 coin is better. If its market cap then gold and the S&amp;P 500 are better.
Google how many ounces of gold there are in the world and then try to simultaneously claim price per unit matters more than market cap but market cap matters more than unit price.


Store of value doesn't just mean "something that goes up in value over time".
Go ahead and google the definition if you're not sure.
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:37:33
Did you just skim through the article for any problems that looked unrelated to deflation to try to use that as proof deflation isn't causing any problems?
Perhaps I need to say again that I'm not claiming all problems in the Zimbabwean economy are caused by deflation. I'm specifically talking about the problems caused by deflation which you don't dispute by focusing on problems not caused by deflation.


The passage you quoted specifically said that Zimbabwean firms have a tough time competing with foreign imports because the dollar is much stronger than the currencies imports are priced in, like the Rand. 
If they weren't reliant on a foreign currency that is in too short supply, then Zimbabwean companies would be able to compete much better, but the strength of the dollar makes importing from South Africa a better deal than buying from Zimbabwe even with Zimbabwean producers lowering prices to compete.


"good, safe, trusted investment options" can't beat 3% returns a month


How do you think a safe, low interest loan works at 3% monthly deflation?
@_date: 2018-04-30 12:24:16
LN is going make bitcoin scale and allow it to handle millions of transactions with low fees and instant confirmation.
also its not meant for over $20 transactions
@_date: 2018-04-08 22:59:17


How is it making it harder by uploading a permanent pseudonymous record of all your purchases? You have not once explained this, you've just said cash is more inconvenient if you want to buy online (even though its way more convenient to buy cards with cash than bitcoins) as if that somehow makes it less private than a public database, even though there's way more shit you can buy with an amazon gift card bought anonymously in cash than you can with bitcoins.


You can accumulate $10,000 in cash if you want, that's not an argument for bitcoin. There's even less information involved in getting paid in cash.


You can get a Amazon gift card up to $5,000. How often are you making online purchases higher than that? What would you even be buying, a car? Why would you want to buy something so expensive without ever seeing it first?
Are you saying the inconvenience of having to go to a physical store 1 time in 1000 is bigger than the inconvenience of 99% of stores not accepting bitcoin? 


You said you never have to use cash. What are you using the rest of the time?
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:39:11
Great rebuttal.
A shame that there's almost unanimous agreement among economists, from Austrian schoolers like Hayek, to Chicago schoolers like Friedman and even Keynes that money hoarding and deflation was bad and turned what would have been an ordinary recession into the Great Depression. Although they disagreed on what the cause of deflation was and what the remedy should be.
@_date: 2018-02-12 18:57:07


That's not the point.
The point is when you spend fiat, you do not then immediately try to reclaim the same amount of fiat because the whole point of spending it was that you wanted something else more than you wanted the fiat.
Fiat that you don't spend is not the same as spending fiat and then trying to buy it back with another currency.
Fiat is worthless in itself. It's only worth something because you can trade it for other things of value. When you trade something with fiat the object is to give up fiat in exchange for something you value more than that amount of fiat. you are not trying to maintain the same amount of fiat otherwise you wouldn't give it up in the first place.


When people go on vacation to europe, and exchange their dollars into euros, do they then make sure that they rebuy every euro they spend so they can go home with exactly as many euros as they came with? The whole point of converting to euros is so you can spend them, not keep them.
No one treats any other currency like people are suggesting bitcoin should be treated because they're not treating bitcoin as a currency but as a speculative investment. "spend and replenish" makes absolutely no sense, spending it only to immediately buy it back? Buying it back through a 3rd party (an exchange) does not make it any less pointless, it just obfuscates the nature of whats happening and wastes more fees.
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:39:56


So most bitcoin users are also idiots? Because most bitcoin users are trading bitcoin through companies like coinbase and bitpay.
@_date: 2018-04-30 13:53:07
The US gov must put pressure on the Japanese government to help protect the one true Bitcoin. How else are we going to embrace economic freedom with a decentralized currency if the government won't help us?
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:13:49
literally google those 3 keywords and its the first result.
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:12:30
You can't infringe a trademark that doesn't exist.
Blame Satoshi for not getting a trademark if you're bothered there's no trademark on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:17:09


Why is anyone ever losing money on investments then?
If its so simple 1 person can do it, why would huge hedge funds ever lose money?
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:47:34
houses and gold weren't stocks either, they still had huge speculative bubbles even with huge underlying demand for practical uses of gold and houses.
@_date: 2018-04-22 11:30:58


Zimbabwe has had years where their official currency was demonitized and a large variety of other currencies (mainly the USD but also the GBP, the SAR, the JPY and the EUR) were being used instead, and years before that when it was so hyper-inflated it might as well have been demonitized. There has been years for adoption to take off.
The real concerning thing for the bitcoin community is there is no assumed difference between either possibility. There are people who just assume bitcoin is already in use as currency in places like Zimbabwe and Venezuela because of the constant stream of poorly sourced blog posts, and when they find out its not, they revert from "bitcoin is seeing adoption in Zimbabwe/Venezuela because of hyper-inflation" to "its still in development, we still need to wait for Lightning/Segwit/etc before people can start using it as a main currency"
They thought Bitcoin was a viable right now, and then immediately switched to saying its not yet viable, meaning they have no idea what it will take for it to be a viable currency.
There is no serious questioning of what its problems are and what it will take to get adoption, its all just deferred to vague hopes of "price will stabilize when it hits mass adoption" and "bitcoin is still a new technology it still has a lot of improvement to do".
@_date: 2018-07-02 13:32:08
yeah, anyone who wastes time pointing out there's a difference between interest rates and inflation/deflation is just being pedantic and has no place in a discussion about banking and monetary policy
Bitcoin is not dependent on petty technical distinctions like what interest rates are. It's a fully DECENTRALIZED and IMMUTABLE store of value.
Don't bother trying to explain that to these fiat trolls, they couldn't understand you if they tried.
@_date: 2018-04-13 13:55:53
-[Lee forecasts that the cryptocurrency could rise to $6,000 a coin by the middle of next year.](
-[Tom Lee of Fundstrat has nearly doubled his forecast for bitcoin, calling for the cryptocurrency to hit $11,500 by mid-2018](
@_date: 2018-04-01 22:51:48
How do you know how much 10.29 BTC is worth without looking for its price in USD?
@_date: 2018-07-13 19:17:26


So when there are runs on banks and those banks go bankrupt because they don't have enough reserves to pay out all their deposits, those same people who were desperate to get money out of the bank before it went bankrupt, when they receive a dollar from trade, they put it in another bank were it is destroyed because they somehow have confidence that banks will keep all their money?


It's sound money, I thought sound money was supposed to prevent the possibility of a fractional reserve?
Unless you can explain why a fractional reserve is possible with gold but not with bitcoin there is no reason for anyone to believe that somehow Bitcoin will be immune to fractional reserve when there have already been exchanges running fractional reserves.


Keynes didn't blame the fractional reserve system he blamed a reduction in demand and a destruction of consumer confidence and his suggested solution was for the government to stimulate demand by spending, popularly known as spending your way out of recession. That's about the exact opposite of what you're talking about.
It sounds like you are thinking of the [Austrian Business cycle theory]( which says "business cycles are caused by excessive issuance of credit by banks in fractional reserve banking systems", and saw deflation as corrective to recessions.
I'm not sure I should be lectured to on what the "keynesian credit cycle" by someone who doesn't know the difference between Keynes and the Austrian school.
I agree with Milton Friedman on the causes of the Great Depression and deflationary spirals, not Keynes, so we may be here some time.
Keynes focus on demand and consumer expectations failed to properly account for the role of quantity and velocity of money, and its why Milton Friedman won a nobel prize for correcting some of the flaws in Keyneses theory on quantity of money.
@_date: 2018-07-02 12:51:44


You still seem to be implying that its possible to change PoW to make the hundreds of millions invested in ASICs worthless and still secure the network, in which case most of the money gone into mining equipment has been a complete waste of resources, and if some other coin manages to implement this new protocol before Bitcoin then Bitcoin could lose out to competition.
There are already dozens of coins experimenting with ASIC resistant PoW and non-PoW mining so I'm not sure why you'd expect the coin with the most inertia and biggest investment in traditional PoW to be first to market with a revolutionary new protocol.
It used to be that when there came a need to change the protocol Satoshi just made the changes without telling anyone and everyone went along with it.
Now it is incredibly hard to get consensus on even simple changes like Segwit and blocksize changes. Segwit still isn't above 50% adoption and that's a soft fork which poses no threat to the security or vested interests in Bitcoin. It's simply inertia and laziness that has meant its taken years and most people still haven't started using it. Now add strong opposition from miners (who have a huge level of influence), and fear that a change to PoW might weaken the security of the network to that inertia and laziness.
For obvious reasons with so much money at stake, no one wants to risk implementing a change that might either fragment the community or weaken the security of the network.
If Bitcoin is supposed to be a "store of value", then making a fundamental change to PoW that drastically reduces hashpower, invalidates hundreds of millions of dollars of investment in Bitcoin represents a huge level of risk and uncertainty.
Even if you came up with a PoW which was completely impossible to make more efficient through better hardware (which you'd win a nobel prize for if you did), it still requires energy, so miners would still end up centralized around the cheapest electricity, you're just moving the problem from "cartel of hardware owners" to "cartel of electricity producers", at great risk and cost.


80% of bitcoins have already been mined in the first 10 years, 90% will have been mined in the next 4 years. Mining rewards will have dropped to an insignificant percentage of miner revenue long before the last coin is mined.
Miners financial incentives will have switched from trying to maximize the price of each bitcoin sold to A) maximize transaction fee revenue (for which a low velocity currency that is mostly hoarded is not good) or B) find ways of manipulating the network for personal gain (shorting, freezing out competition, corrupt deals with exchanges/payment processors, etc)
PoW only works when its more profitable to secure the network than to corrupt it. We've already seen several coins be 51% attacked so we know this is possible.
There is nothing to stop miners from forming a cartel to maximize their profits, they are already forming large pools, and the pools will get larger as block rewards decrease. The only reason cartel behavior isn't hurting now is because the incentives of miners and speculators are currently aligned. Game theory doesn't help you when what is optimal for miners is not optimal for everyone else.
@_date: 2018-07-12 18:58:32
One of the goals of bitcoin is that you should have to rent for 30 years while saving up enough money to build a house instead of borrowing the money to build a house now and then paying it off for 30 years while you live in the house you built?
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:44:40
What's the point of saying "it's already capable of replacing the national currencies of at least 12% of all countries. in the world. Today. Now." if what you really mean is "actually its not ready to replace any nations currency, not today, not now"?


Which is it? Not ready to replace even a small microstates currency or about to become the world currency?
@_date: 2018-04-14 18:00:22
Except all prices in the economy adjust to inflation/deflation. If prices inflate, so do wages.
If something costs more to buy it also gains more to sell, every trade has a buyer and a seller.
Inflation and deflation don't increase or decrease the amount of wealth in the world, they just change how much of it is represented by each unit of currency.
@_date: 2018-04-11 18:30:28


It can't be done by just sitting on money and waiting for it to go up in value, which is what most people are doing with bitcoin.
If people were actually using bitcoin to invest in businesses and wealth generation then "hodl" wouldn't be a meme, people wouldn't talk about buying a lambo when bitcoin hits 100k because they would have already invested their bitcoin in something.
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:11:59


They don't say that about stores of value.
If its safer to keep your money out of a store of value, then your money is a better store of value than the "store of value".
Stores of value are literally the safest place to store your value. Hence the name.


yeah, no one is manipulating the price of bitcoin.
bitcoins price is as stable as the algorithmic nature of the supply command, its completely steady as the math that underlays it. It's not possible for someone to just flood the market with bitcoins because the supply is set by math.
@_date: 2018-04-18 14:56:16
That immediately makes any loan below the rate of deflation impossible, which when people are talking about bitcoin going up 1000%-10,000% in the next 5 years makes any reasonable rate loan impossible.
@_date: 2018-04-18 13:27:46
Lightning is still so small its impossible to use anything about its current state to say for or against it working at scale. &lt;2000 nodes is still in the experimentation phase.
It's currently handling a tiny number of transactions and there's plenty of systems that can handle a small number of transactions fine that will break down once they have to start handling millions per day.
@_date: 2018-04-16 09:43:15


The question is meant to illustrate that the market doesn't know ahead of time which currency is lost, destroyed or just not being used. That only a small amount of currency never gets traded isn't the point. 
If you burn $100,000, the market doesn't know there is now $100,000 less in the world, everyone else's dollars don't immediately increase in value relative to the decrease in quantity of currency. Whether you burn it or just put it under a mattress, the market knows no difference, not in 2 weeks or 2 years or 20 years. There is no difference to the inflation rate during all that time. The only time a signal would be sent is if you decided to stop holding the money and to then spend it. it then contributes to the rate of inflation because you are now adding more dollars competing for a given amount of goods and services. 
the more dollars are spent (velocity), the greater the number of dollars are chasing a given amount of goods and services at any one time, the higher prices will be pushed, the higher the inflation rate is. 


Increase the number of people trying to sell something for a given number of people trying to buy, you will increase supply relative to demand and price will decrease. If you have lots of people trying to buy but few people trying to sell you will have high demand relative to supply and so price will increase.
Demand and supply are two different things. They can both increase or decrease, together or separately. Increasing the amount of something sold doesn't automatically decrease the number of people trying to buy. Increasing supply can increase demand in some cases (i.e. things that become more useful/desirable in greater supply).


Should I go through every answer for that question I've ever read and explain why they're wrong? I was asking you because I argue in good faith and assume other people can have correct answers I haven't heard of yet. I don't need to go read the same faulty arguments I've already read, especially not on a vague recommendation of "resources". I could tell you to go read some books on monetarist theory but it wouldn't make for a good discussion because you're not going to do it.


That's not generating wealth, that's avoiding the cost of a legal regulation to pay malpractice insurance by having savings. That would also be no different than if you were saving any other form of wealth equal to $250,000. Saving isn't generating wealth its saving wealth you've already generated.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:08:08


No coins have ever been made of pure gold, they're all alloys because gold is too soft in pure form to make a durable coin. Some of the earliest gold coins were only 40% gold.
you could make a 10 cent gold coin the size of a pizza if you wanted to, you just alloy it with less valuable metal.
Alloying coins is good for multiple reasons, it increases hardness which makes them more durable and harder to shave, and it also destroys the financial incentive to clip or shave them since it greatly increases the processing cost to retrieve pure gold from the coin.
You can also just trade redeemable gold tokens like the central bank used to and like modern metal exchanges still do. Or you could just use cheaper metals like silver or steel.


Dollar notes weigh 1 gram. Google the price of a gram of gold.
As I said, the only notes that are worth more than their weight in gold are the 50 and the 100. No one complains about the weight of a $20 bill. "gold is too heavy" is just knee jerk defense from deflationists who haven't really thought about why gold isn't used as currency. 
it also contradicts the other argument that "gold is too valuable for small coins". It can't both have too high a value to weight ratio and too low.


When have you ever used a fiat coin or note with a "chunk" missing? These don't circulate because no one is going to accept a $20 with a piece missing. At best you could get away with is a small tear and at that point the note is at the very end of its life and about to lose all its value. 


Google "coin security features", that's all I would do for you. Modern coins can be made very hard with very intricate designs that are impossible to shave without destroying. As soon as you destroy a security feature you immediately downgrade the coin value since its not harder to tell if its forged, which is especially important for commodity coins where the coin isn't just a token but a physical commodity.
@_date: 2018-04-26 12:37:13


Bitcoin isn't about freedom from the consequences of breaking laws, its just about being independently sovereign from the government so they can no longer oppress us with their burdensome and tyrannical regulations.
What don't people get?
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:13:35
Do you remember having to pay $10,000 for a loaf of bread in 2008?
google the inflation rate in 2008.
@_date: 2018-04-02 18:48:55


Is everyone you've ever sent or received bitcoin from also never attaching any personal information to their address? Hard to see how you could confirm that given how many people are getting bitcoins by giving their details to exchanges.
What are you even using bitcoin for if you're never associating any personal information with it? 
Why not just use cash and then go from pseudonymous to completely anonymous?
@_date: 2018-04-16 10:29:01


Are they the ones upvoting this kind of clickbait? Or a different horde of morons?
@_date: 2018-04-13 12:04:27
Do you not find it strange that there's a financial disincentive to "use crypto the way it was created to be used"?
You can't expect to just tell people to act against their own interest for the good of crypto, people don't work like that. That is not a sustainable model. 
This is what people wanted when they wanted a fixed supply ~~currency~~ store of value, something that would indefinitely increase in value and so would always be more profitable to hoard than to spend. 
There is something fundamentally wrong with the way it was created to be used if the way it was created to be used is less profitable than hoarding it.
@_date: 2018-04-11 19:28:49


Why didn't bitcoin teach them not to spend money on frivolous things?
Seems like they were using bitcoin as a speculative investment instead of a stable way of saving.


99.99% of wealth creation is done using the legacy fiat money system, and bitcoin is mainly used by speculators trying to make money off each other without generating anything of value.
If you're just using bitcoin for saving and not using it as a currency, how is it different from just saving your money in other deflationary assets?
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:26:49
Ask yourself why people aren't using bitcoin as a unit of account when they're buying and selling things using bitcoin and you'll hit upon an important truth of what its actually being used for.
@_date: 2018-04-28 20:16:52
obviously search frequency perfect metric, but when bitcoin eclipses things like pizza, gold and trump in search (things no one would argue that most people are unaware of), it's a fairly good measure of how many people have heard about it.
You cannot get to such a high number in search ranking just with a few people googling bitcoin obsessively
@_date: 2018-04-11 15:39:50


@_date: 2018-04-26 21:12:39
He predicted bitcoin would fork at times there wasn't consensus did he not?
Do you think he genuinely didn't think about the possibility that a fork would want to continue calling itself Bitcoin?
When open source has decades of history of projects having disputes over who gets to own the trademark when a project splits?
Even if you grant he was that oblivious (in which case what else was he oblivious about), how does that help anything? The time for trademarking is over. Either make a new trademark or stop complaining about it. 


Closing source isn't the same thing as trademark.
@_date: 2018-04-05 14:01:40
If you could predict future price just from previous price how would investors ever lose money?
There are hedge funds with billions of dollars to play with, do you honestly think they can't afford the best mathematicians in the world if predicting the market was as simple as applying maths to a graph of previous price?
Lots of factors go into price. If price was only caused by previous price then you could predict future price based on price alone.
@_date: 2018-04-26 13:55:56


So no law has been broken. you can't break laws before they exist. the current legal framework has no way of protecting use of a term not covered by existing IP law.
If you're arguing that the government needs to introduce laws/rulings to grant a trademark (or trademark equivalent) to whoever has the biggest fork (biggest how? Most nodes, most transactions, most addresses?), that's a separate issue.
It's also a strange request from someone who is interested in decentralizing governance to want a central authority to protect bitcoin from an unregulated environment. If a central authority is required to police people from using the Bitcoin name when not on the biggest fork, that directly contradicts the claim that currency both should and needs to not rely on a trusted central authority.
@_date: 2018-04-27 14:57:35


Giving up the name to public domain means allowing for the possibility of other people to sell under that name as a generic, just like people sold "videotapes" despite the fact they weren't anything like the original trademarked VideoTape, or "Aspirin" despite the fact they used a different formulation than Bayer. Once the trademark had lapsed you couldn't then sue people for selling you a different kind of videotape than the ones the originators of the term sold. The whole reason they lost their trademark is because they didn't stop other people from using their name.
With no trademark to begin with you have an even weaker case that the name can't apply to multiple different versions of the same open source software, just like Aspirin applies to multiple formulations of the same basic drug.
If you're going to claim that Bitcoin forks are so different than Bitcoin, that selling it as "Bitcoin" is the equivalent of selling someone a "videotape" that is actually a vinyl record, well good luck in court. The technological differences between the original Videotape, and what later became widely known as videotape (VHS) where much bigger, and it didn't help them keep hold of the trademark.
There's a cake and eat it attitude that somehow Bitcoin doesn't need a trademark but it can also enjoy the benefit of stopping any other project using the term "Bitcoin" (otherwise known as trademark protection), under a separate case of "fraud", which apparently means all trademarks are useless because you can just sue for fraud instead of having a trademark.
Linux Foundation can only stop people calling forks of Linux "Linux" without their permission because they own the trademark. If they had that power without the trademark, there would be no need for it. They sued to own the trademark precisely because they wouldn't have that power without it. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 18:09:46
So they're still aware they exist from those news stories
If they weren't tempted to get involved when speculative mania was at its peak and the news stories were all talking about how people are making millions, I'm not sure what you think is suddenly going to happen in the future to bring millions of people on board who weren't on board when they were being promised easy riches.
you still have the same difficulty of getting people to understand wallets and exchanges, except now the hype that bitcoin is the future currency that's going to make you a millionaire is gone.
@_date: 2018-04-28 11:40:41


How do you think increasing price affects demand?
@_date: 2018-04-06 11:28:05
That's why people pulled money out of banks and banks collapsed. 
It doesn't explain why people were resorting to barter when the quantity of available currency only decreased by 30%, which is roughly what it was 10 years before.
If what deflationists say is true, then just because the price of currency is going up doesn't mean people will spend less, or rather, people will only spend on necessities.
Trust in the solvency of banks did not reduce trust in the value of the dollar. If people were worried about the USD becoming worthless then they would be trying to get rid of it as fast as possible, not hoard it.
Prices falling by 30% doesn't mean everyone suddenly runs out of currency. As deflationists are keen to point out, you can simply use smaller denominations of currency. If something cost a dollar now you just pay 70 cents instead.
In 1930 basically nothing in the economy was priced at the lowest smallest divisible unit of currency (1 cent). Penny candies were still being sold during the great depression and they were basically the only good in the economy that would be effected by the inability to divide a penny.
People resorted to barter because deflation caused money hoarding to become so common that it started collapsing the productive economy by distorting the price mechanism, as people went from using money to produce value to just sitting on it. When you have 10% deflation then any productive investment that gets you less than 10% return on investment isn't worth the effort. If investing in a factory that employs 1000 people will only get you 9% return on investment, then why both employing all those people to produce goods and services when you can just do nothing and make more money?
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:49:55
10.29 BTC is worth a different amount of USD now than when this post was first made.
@_date: 2018-04-09 14:38:39
I prefer to have conversations one point at a time rather than writing huge essays that provide infinite scope to meander off topic, although I occasionally get drawn into the latter.
The very first thing you said isn't something I agree with so I thought I'd start with that.
Something being a "store of value" except being completely unpredictable isn't a store of value, its a speculative asset, and no one knows which speculative investments are going to pay off until after the fact, which makes them completely unsuited to being as tore of value.
People are overcomplicating the very simple definition of store of value because they want bitcoin to be a store of value, not a speculative asset, even though everyone is treating it as a speculative asset.
Scarcity alone doesn't mean anything, its stable supply and demand that make something a store of value. There are plenty of scarcer coins than bitcoin, they've already hit their cap years ago and are gradually decreasing as more and more coins are lost.
As long as demand grows with supply then price will remain constant. Limited supply doesn't cause stable demand, it causes speculation which by definition is unstable and tends towards boom and bust. Supply elasticity is much more important than scarcity.
@_date: 2018-04-20 10:57:57
That's assuming everyone in the world has exactly the same amount of money.
In real life a small amount of people have lots of money and a large amount of people only have a small amount of money.
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:54:22


That's clearly not happening. USD inflation has been lower in the 9 years since Bitcoin launched than the 9 years before.
Quantity of money alone has no effect on the inflation rate, its quantity x velocity.
The US could have a billion trillion dollar notes hidden in a vault somewhere and no one would know. Currency only effects pricing as it circulates through the economy.
@_date: 2018-04-06 10:54:35




I already said what effects the demand for currency, which is the amount of trade in goods and services but you didn't seem to like it. When you contrast this with the supply of currency, that is how the value of a currency is set.
There's already a formula to explain what sets the value of currency which is P = MV / Q, where M is the quantity of money, V is the velocity of money, P is the price level (i.e. value of currency) and Q is the level of expenditure on goods and services (in that currency).
If you imagine an extremely simplified economy, say an apple farmer, who has 100 apples, and in the economy there are 100 apple tokens, then there will be a 1:1 ratio between tokens and apples (ignoring velocity for simplicity). If the farmer grows another 100 apples, but the number of tokens remains the same, then there will now be 2 apples for every 1 token - deflation - each token now buys twice what it did. This is because there are now more things to trade relative to each token. If instead the farmer produced another 100 tokens without producing any more apples, then there would now be 2 tokens for every apple - inflation - each token now buys half of what it did previously.
The supply and demand is quantity (and velocity) of tokens for trade vs quantity (or rather overall expenditure) of things being traded. Those fundamental factors are in turn effected by thousands of secondary factors.


In a community where everyone was self-sufficient and there was no trade the demand for currency would be 0. currency is worth only what someone will give you for it. If no one will give you anything for it, its worthless. The more things of value people are willing to exchange for a unit of currency (i.e. the more trade being conducted in that currency), the more demand for currency there will be. In order to maintain a constant value the supply of currency needs to keep pace with demand. If supply exceeds demand there will be inflation, if supply falls below demand there will be deflation.
@_date: 2018-04-15 18:41:15
Destroying a currency is bad for an economy, but as you mentioned there are alternative currencies to switch to.
USD has been a popular black market currency in Venezuela for a while now, although made more difficult by the fact the Venezuelan government cracks down on people trading USD whereas countries like Zimbabwe embraced USD as an official replacement.
Venezuelan wages would still be low if they hadn't destroyed their currency and will still be low once people have switched over to another currency, although they won't be as low when their economy isn't being dragged down by lack of a functional official currency.
Hyper-inflation is nearly always a response to governments going bankrupt rather than a cause. Few politicians are dumb enough not to realize how disastrous it is for the economy, its just seen as the least worst option once you've run out of money, though obviously it just makes things worse.
 Venezuela only really started hyper-inflating their currency to ridiculous levels when [oil revenues started to tank]( which was exacerbated by general mismanagement of the economy and an over-reliance on oil revenue.
In Zimbabwe it was a combination of spending too much money on wars, destroying the economy by seizing white farms and businesses, economic sanctions and general high levels of corruption that allowed government officials to pillage the economy.
@_date: 2018-04-01 21:39:28
if that's a useful thing, why are most bitcoin transactions done through middlemen, exchanges or payment processors like bitpay and coinbase?
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:40:23


Great point. I rescind all my previous points.
@_date: 2018-04-06 18:53:53


Before George Soros there was no division in America and all around the world.
A lot of people don't know this because they learned history from fake text books produced by the Soros corporation.
@_date: 2018-04-20 12:24:50


No its not. 
Google "define inflation".
you're using words wrong and then arguing with people when they call you on it rather than just accepting you're not using the same definitions as all economists use, which is not helpful for discussing economics.


1800 new bitcoins are made every day. According to your definition of inflation, the rate of inflation of bitcoin has been constant for years. That's not a useful definition of inflation, its a definition that is no different than just talking about the quantity of currency.
inflation/deflation refers to levels of prices and relative value of a currency, its a dynamic process, it doesn't just refer to how much money there is. It's a result of both supply and demand for currency. If supply exceeds demand the value will go down (inflation), if demand exceeds supply value will go up (deflation). There is no level of supply or demand that will independently cause inflation or deflation, its always relative to supply and demand. That's how prices work.
@_date: 2018-04-14 14:18:33


Don't speculate, just hodl until you have "eventual riches" and tell other people to use it as currency while you wait for other people to make you rich.
@_date: 2018-04-23 12:14:19
I'm a voluntaryist but good luck with the mind reading routine.
@_date: 2018-04-13 12:23:31


Is adoption double what it was 6 months ago? By what metric?


Liquidity is currently terrible, how do you know prices aren't still inflated and there won't be another correction?
@_date: 2018-04-20 10:36:12


You've now changed from "it caused inflation" to "it had an inflationary effect", which is a completely different statement that people wouldn't have disagreed with if you'd said it in the first place.
Inflation refers to a specific state in the economy - "a general increase in prices and fall in the purchasing value of money".
There's either an increase in prices and a fall in the value of money or there isn't. It's not possible to simultaneously have an increase in prices and a fall in the value of money and deflation at the same time. Just because an action has an inflationary effect doesn't mean it has caused inflation.
Whether you have inflation or deflation is not defined by any single inflationary or deflationary action, it is the combined result of all the inflationary and deflationary actions balanced together. It's a dynamic system.
"there would have been more deflation without TARP" is a completely different statement to "TARP caused inflation"
It should have been clear from the context of the conversation about hyper inflation that people were talking about whether printing billions of dollars would cause inflation (or hyper-inflation), not just whether it has an inflationary effect (which it obviously does, but was necessary to counter balance the massive deflationary effect of a collapse in finance and housing, although it was a bad idea to do it by supporting failed banks instead of just distributing the money evenly).
@_date: 2018-04-02 17:56:52


That's true isn't it? 
If the only way bitcoin works is as an intermediate for fiat then it can't be a replacement for fiat, its just an adjunct to fiat, which no one disputes it has (limited) uses for, mainly avoiding laws on online payments that traditional payment processors have to obey, although how much of that is a temporary loophole due to the slow wheels of government remains to be seen.
This is only a use case in black and gray markets where online fiat can't legally compete. As soon as you have competition from fiat people switch back to centralized payment processors like Shift or Bitpay. bitcoin simply can't compete with centralization on a level playing field.


It's an issue if you're claiming decentralization is fulfilling some sort of use case yet people using bitcoin are turning to centralized solutions at every turn.
It undermines the core value proposition that decentralization is either useful or desirable if the very people who are supposed to be spearheading a new decentralized currency are primarily using it through centralized payment processors.
Makes you think it might be about something other than getting rid of centralization and middlemen, and is actually just about profiting off speculation on a bunch of finite numbers on a database.
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:07:00


Those are two different things.
There are governments that don't even have their own money. I have seen no evidence of governments not being able to survive without control over monetary policy. They can just raise taxes by whatever the shortfall is. It's not magicking any extra wealth from anywhere.


If governments can seize over a million bitcoin without even making them illegal, why do you think they wouldn't be able to survive off taxing bitcoin?
The NSA makes up a tiny part of the government spending compared to social security and defense spending. you think they're going to let go of their grip on power to keep some old people alive who don't pay taxes and can't fight in wars anymore?
@_date: 2018-04-09 20:15:14


Why would that be?
If deflation is at 2%, why can't there be a safe investment that makes 1%? Do you think there are no such investments in the economy? Deflation has been as high as 10% on the gold standard (when gold was continually being produced, but hoarded faster than it was produced), you can't imagine a safe investment that pays less than 10%?


You're treating deflation as a one shot thing rather than a continual process over time.
If a farm spends $50,000 on seeds, fertilizer, pesticides, etc, and there's 10% annual deflation, it doesn't matter if those same materials will only cost $45,000 next year, they still need to make $50,000 on that years crop to break even, which they won't be able to if the price of crops drops below the cost of production. Otherwise they would be better off just doing nothing and holding the cash.
A farm itself is an investment. If you own a $1,000,000 farm then 10% deflation is knocking off $100,000 off the value of the farm, meaning even if the farm is profitable it can still be more profitable to sell the farm for cash.
Unless all businesses see instant returns on investment then deflation is degrading the profitability of those investments over time relative to cash. the longer the time between investment and return the worse the effects will be. Cash can only buy more if people selling now get less than they used to, there's no getting around the fact deflation profits holding cash at the expense of people not holding cash.
Deflationary spirals aren't hypothetical, they happened all over the world during the Great Depression, you can crack a history book and find real world examples of everything I've said here.
@_date: 2018-04-27 13:55:54


There are people who mined 100s of bitcoins on their desktop computer in the early days. It had nothing to do with "staking electricity" or "specialized hardware", or reward for risk taking.
It had to do with a supply protocol that handed out the vast majority of coins when only a tiny percentage of the population was using it, which ensures there will never be more than a tiny percentage of the population using it because mass adoption would required decades of hyper-deflation.
@_date: 2018-04-02 11:42:01
And thats why its impossible to do any kind of business without reliance on government infrastructure.
Unless someone builds a cheap teleportation machine you're going to rely on government infrastructure for transport and logistics.
Unless someone builds a decentralized internet and power grid you're going to rely on the government for power and telecoms.
@_date: 2018-04-18 18:36:48
Which is why "inflation" isn't the answer to the surge in house prices and the associated bubble.
Price goes up because supply can't meet rising demand. That's the fundamental cause. It's exacerbated with the availability of cheap credit to buy houses but without credit the same thing would happen, just slower.
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:17:58


the NSA and other government agencies, along with a host of private big-data companies are already data mining the blockchain. coin tumblers have already been compromised, as have major exchanges that had private data on a huge number of bitcoin users.
they can cross reference all this data with all the other data they're already collecting on people through surveillance and hacks.
If you're worried about people having knowledge of your transactions, using a currency that creates an *immutable* public record of every transaction perhaps isn't the greatest idea.
If you're really worried about that just use cash, its already anonymous and untraceable. hastening the demise of cash by switching to an online currency with a permanent record is about as big of a backwards step as i can imagine.


A greater percentage of bitcoins have been stolen and seized than nearly any other asset class, at least 2 million out of 17 million (minus 3-4 million lost bitcoin), and thats just counting the large hacks and asset seizures, there's potentially a lot more unreported at lower levels.
And this is with bitcoin not being illegal in most of the world (just using bitcoin to evade taxes and break laws). If governments actually declared war on it imagine how much worse it would be.
"but those were just people who stored their bitcoins insecurely, if they had stored them securely then they wouldn't have lost anything, bitcoins cryptography is unbreakable" / "those were just weak people who gave up their bitcoin to cut a deal with the government, they never had to give up their bitcoins"
All sufficiently high level cryptography is unbreakable at present. cryptography is never the weak link.
It's a fantasy to say bitcoin is more secure than other forms of payment because of "cryptography" and "decentralization" when in reality its far less secure because it lacks features like chargebacks and a central authority that can block fraudulent activity and co-operate on criminal investigations and return stolen property.
wallets have been hacked, exchanges have been hacked, individual computers and accounts have been hacked, people have been scammed, people have lost hard drives and forgotten passphrases who tried the "just don't write it down" method.
Saying bitcoin is secure if you never write your passphrase down and never put it on an internet accessed device is like saying gold is secure if you bury it some place and never tell anyone about it. Great, no one can steal it, its also useless.


There are some people who live without any money whatsoever, that is not proof of how feasible it is to live without money. I've never actually spoken to anyone with a credible story of living only with bitcoin though. I have talked to a lot of people who think only using a Shift card and bitpay is somehow living only with bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-09 18:39:25


government inflation indexed bonds of a major world economy with solid fundamentals are probably the most predictably useful stores of value. There's a reason people buy negative interest bonds. If you want to sacrifice appreciation for liquidity then euros, yen and dollars are probably the next best store of value. Cash is probably better if you're only planning on storing wealth from 1-5 years, since you're only going to see minor depreciation in that time frame and its going to be instantly convertable to other forms of value in times of crisis unlike bonds.
3rd is probably a major index fund like the S&amp;P 500. they're not quite as reliable as cash or bonds since they're tied more to the current performance of the economy (meaning during an economic downturn you won't be able to reliably withdraw your value), however over the span of decades they're very reliable since they represent such a large % of the value of the economy.


How is a narrow definition of something that can store value and reliably withdraw it at a future data somehow more vague than a definition that expands that definition to other criteria, like something that just tends to go up in value over time regardless of whether it can predictably withdraw its value at any particular point in time?


That's a completely separate concept. Having a diversified portfolio of assets and investments is the best way to risk manage your wealth. you want a mix of higher risk higher return investments with lower risk and lower return investments.
stores of value are a component part of a diverse portfolio. It makes no sense to expand the definition of store of value so broadly it can apply to anything in a diverse portfolio of investments all with different risk-reward profiles. we would then need a new term to apply specifically to things that can reliably store and withdraw value.
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:30:47
If only there was a way of making it so that more and more people could start using bitcoin without it driving price up and initiating a speculative frenzy that both damaged the utility of the currency and then confidence in the currency when that speculative frenzy hits its peak and causes the price to crash.
@_date: 2018-04-25 19:10:22


Was bitcoin blatantly centralized before Satoshi secretly introduced a 1mb cap?
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:37:25
What happens if I do that and no one else does?
Now what happens if everyone else does that and I don't?
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:20:26
So he was aware forks would be a thing, he just thought human nature was completely altruistic and no one would attempt to cash in on the Bitcoin brand name?
Seems like the kind of long sighted visionary you can trust to establish the supply protocol for a currency for the next 120 years.
@_date: 2018-04-27 13:32:44
Good job everyone in the developing world had a chance to get those first 17 million bitcoins and won't have to pay disproportionately high rates for those last 4 million to enrich the less than 1% of people who bought up most of the 17 million before bitcoin was a viable alternate currency.
@_date: 2018-04-11 22:56:03


you don't need to spend (or invest) money "as quickly as possible" at 0-3% inflation. At that rate you have months before you would notice any meaningful decrease in purchasing power. If you need to store wealth over periods of years you're much better off storing it in a form that provides a benefit to your life (like a house, or solar panels, or a share of a wealth generating business). you can't live in a pile of cash or heat your home with it (well, not unless you set it on fire).
When people spend money it doesn't waste or destroy any wealth, they just convert wealth held in money into wealth in a usable form. If you spend money to buy solar panels that cuts your electricity bills in half, that is not somehow worse for the economy than if you just leave that cash under a mattress. 
Saving doesn't generate any wealth, investment does. you don't want to encourage saving (hoarding) of currency, you want to encourage investment. A currency system that rewards you more for doing nothing with cash than to put it to good use is not a good one.


It's meant to generate value by facilitating value generating trade. Money that never changes hands never generates any wealth.




If you're using fiat for trade and bitcoin for savings then why do you care if other deflationary assets are not as liquid? Savings you're holding for years at a time don't need to be liquid. And there is far more liquidity in things like gold and index trackers, and more stability.
Are you sure its the potential for a new way of saving that is "exciting" and not the hope you're going to make huge speculative gains on bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-04-26 21:27:40
Open source and trademark are two different things.
Linux is trademarked. It's also open source. If you want to call software Linux you need permission from the Linux Foundation.
Bitcoin isn't trademarked.
The time to get outraged at the idea of someone using the Bitcoin name without permission was 9 years ago when Satoshi was still active and still could have registered a trademark, not 9 years later when any chance of getting a trademark was long dead.
There's nothing stopping everyone on Bitcoin from making an identical fork with a trademarkable name and having a central organization like the Linux Foundation register the trademark and have the power to sue anyone who uses the trademark without permission. You know, to help with permissionless decentralization.
Looks like people don't actually care about that though since there's no effort to move the project to a name that can be trademarked. they just want to beat a horse to death because they only started to care about Bitcoin having a trademark when it looked like it would go against their self interest. If you look up the old forums all the early adopters were against the idea of trademarking bitcoin because they thought it would grant too much power to whoever had the trademark.
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:09:47


No it can't be, its pseudonymous.
A perfect record of every transaction is kept a long with set of uniquely identifying numbers.
Given how many coins are passing through exchanges, and how many exchanges are legally mandated to report their customers to the government, the government already has huge amounts of data on who owns what bitcoins and that's before they even get into blockchain analysis and NSA hacking.
@_date: 2018-04-10 13:48:24
WellHunter said they can beat the average because TA "works".
If it never failed to do better than chance then no one performing TA would never do worse than chance, which not even hedge funds can do and they have billions of dollars to play with.
No one has found a way to consistently beat the market, if they had they'd quickly become the richest person in the world. 
People claiming to have found a way are just luckier than average and want to pretend their luck is a result of their genius strategy.
@_date: 2018-04-09 20:27:34
When the stock market dipped in January why didn't bitcoin soar then?
@_date: 2018-04-28 14:06:19
I thought I needed to study basic supply and demand?
If you're correct then nothing I have to say on the matter would have any value, but perhaps you can tell me how reducing supply to increase price is a workable strategy for an economic asset that has economic substitutes and doesn't have monopoly powers.
@_date: 2018-07-15 21:10:03


Good job there aren't any forces outside of your control that can actively devalue Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-19 12:33:07


I'd love to hear that argument.
Do you know something about Proof of Work that I don't?
@_date: 2018-04-12 21:32:28


So bitcoin dropping from $19,000 to $6,000 was because of a big decrease in adoption?
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:26:44
Cash isn't anonymous because if you give it to a bank they know its you.


If only there was some kind of way to exchange a large denomination note for several smaller notes of completely random origin.
I would be amazed if you didn't pull that number out of your ass. The number of false positives would be amazing, it would be a total waste of time to investigate. How many times do people get $20 out and then get a bunch of other dollars in change that they then spend, and then who gets those dollars?
Also do you think every ATM is keeping track of every note number it dispenses and then sending that information back to banks?
Do you think supermarkets are keeping track of the numbers of notes any time someone asks for cashback?
@_date: 2018-04-14 17:46:07


He didn't just lose money, he invested in a fraudulent company that became over-valued in the billions of dollars, and then defended the company with an obviously bullshit conspiracy theory after they were exposed as a fraud.
Either he's not being honest to try and protect his investment, or even worse he honestly believes in the conspiracy theory and can't recognize an obvious fraud when he sees one. either way you shouldn't be listening to his predictions (that he coincidentally stands to profit from if you believe).
Draper was fully bullish on Bitcoin in late December of last year, dismissing any suggestion that current prices were a bubble. 
@_date: 2018-04-19 15:02:29
Are you trying to say bitcoin went up in price more last year than gold?
Because otherwise I have no idea what "bitcoin responded much more acutely to rises in volatility than gold did" is supposed to refer to
@_date: 2018-04-19 14:35:11


responded more acutely to rises in what?
@_date: 2018-04-25 20:19:32


To prevent DoS attacks, not because "decentralization".
He also never intended 1mb to be permanent, it was a stop gap. He provided specific instruction for how larger blocksizes could be phased in in future.
@_date: 2019-05-20 21:02:32


We're already 85% of the way there.
In the early days the supply was regularly doubling so the velocity of existing bitcoin was largely inconsequential in setting available supply. Even if every one of the 3 million first bitcoin never moved there would very quickly be another 3 million put on the market.
Now the % of bitcoins that can be put on the market by non-miners is far greater than the number miners will ever put on the market. 
50% of Bitcoins haven't moved in over a year. If even 10% of those get moved onto markets thats nearly triple the amount miners can put on the market for the next year.
Even small changes in the velocity of existing bitcoin already have the power to overwhelm any future drop in supply rate.
@_date: 2019-05-20 13:22:39




That would only be the case if the market was only or primarily dealing in new bitcoins.
Tens of thousands of bitcoin are being traded back and forth every day, so 900 less is only a tiny percentage reduction in available supply. The amount being sold fluctuates much more than 900 on any given day. It's not a market like food where the end product gets used up so needs to be constantly replaced, or even a market like cars where a 2nd hand car sells for significantly less than a new one and cars eventually break down and become worthless. An old bitcoin is just as valuable as a new one.
Course there may be indirect impact on overall trade as less bitcoins come on the market existing sellers might want to sell less but it can't be thought of in simple terms as if total supply is halving, as it would be if new corn supply halved.
@_date: 2019-05-20 13:52:30


The market doesn't know the difference between 100,000 BTC that has been lost forever and 100,000 BTC someone is just holding it and waiting to sell.
If someone finds an old hard drive with 100,000 BTC on and decides to sell them all on an exchange that won't do anything to the price because it hasn't changed overall supply or demand?
Effective supply is what matters, not theoretical supply. 900 less bitcoin a day only changes effective supply by 0.5-1%, and that's assuming every bitcoin mined is immediately sold, which it isn't.
@_date: 2019-05-20 11:57:32
a tl:dr would just be a couple of short declarative statements without any reasoning to back them, but here's a heavily condensed version of the above:
If its unfair for the government to have exclusive benefits of producing the money supply its also unfair for only a small number of people in the early 2010s to have most of the benefits of producing most of the money supply you think will be the global currency for hundreds of years. The vast majority of people who will be alive during Bitcoins intended lifespan will be expected to work their entire lives for a fraction of a bitcoin when if you were simply born in the right time and place you could have made 1000s on a desktop computer for almost no risk and effort. That is effectively gifting the majority of the global money supply to a tiny number of people in time and expecting the rest of the world to work to make them collective trillionaires in exchange for a tiny sliver of the money supply.
Of course that unfairness is part of the appeal for people who dream of currency scheme where if you get in early enough you and your descendants will never have to work again. It's also why it will never work because people aren't going to make themselves indentured servants just for access to the money supply when there is no limit on the number of currencies there can be. 
Exponentially decreasing the new supply of money based on an arbitrary time schedule regardless of what is happening with the demand for money is a dumb idea and guaranteed to cause massive instability in price (demand and supply need to match for prices to be stable). The only time exponentially decreasing the supply of currency would be a good idea is if the demand for currency was also exponentially decreasing. Which is not a good growth model.
@_date: 2019-05-02 14:37:57


They claimed they were KYC/AML compliant. So either they lied to their customers or they're incompetent, either way they put their customers money at risk, and then raided Tethers reserves (which they claimed would always be backed 1:1) in order to make up the difference.
@_date: 2019-05-02 19:55:56
If they say they will always be backed 1:1 in cash or cash equivalents and then they later change that, they still lied.
And they're still saying its 100% backed 1:1 on their website, they just now say that 100% 1:1 reserve"may include other assets and receivables from loans made by Tether to third parties, which may include affiliated entities".
So including shit that isn't actually money and money they loaned out that they might never get back, its definitely 100% 1:1 backed.
That's not a 1:1 reserve. If you ask me to keep hold of $100 and I promise to keep hold of it and not use it for anything else, then you give half of it away, I don't get to say "no dude I still have all your money (as long as you count this IOU for $50 as money)"
@_date: 2019-05-20 16:48:09
The new equilibrium is exactly what it was when they left.
They can't simultaneously leave because its unprofitable and then rejoin and it still be profitable, it has to be lower than it was before, otherwise nothing has changed.
@_date: 2019-05-09 17:20:52
I know, I was phrasing it as a question so people would think about whether its possible and not just reflexively disagree with anything that didn't line up with their preconceived ideas.
@_date: 2019-05-24 20:04:54


In many circumstances this is not a good thing. 
Let's say you're a small business owner, you're doing well, and you're looking to re-invest your profits into a new line of products to sell to expand your business. So you spend 1 Bitcoin on this new line of products, with an expected profit margin of 50%, so once you've sold them all you end up with 1.5 Bitcoins.
Except after you bought these new products, Bitcoin goes up from $7,000 to $14,000. Now even once you've sold all your new stock you'll only have 0.75 Bitcoins. You would have lost less money simply doing nothing.
Every transaction has both a buyer and a seller. People think deflation is good only when they imagine themselves holding bitcoin while using a non-deflationary currency for trade. If they were actually doing all their trading in a deflationary currency they'd realize that in order for someone to get more for their money that means someone else now gets less money for whatever it was they were trading.
@_date: 2019-05-03 10:56:56


How would you possibly know how much money they have and where they have moved it?
Even if they had done this why would they ever let anyone know about it?
Kinda defeats the point.
@_date: 2019-05-20 12:59:32
The supply/demand equilibrium point changes when the reward profitability changes.
It makes no sense to say that if it becomes unprofitable to mine, mining will reduce, then the difficulty rate will reduce, so now it will become profitable to mine again which means more miners will join.
As soon as miners rejoined the difficulty rate would go back it what it was and it wouldn't be profitable. The mining rate only changed in the first place because the profitability changed. That doesn't magically unchange when a bunch of miners leave and then come back.
@_date: 2019-05-15 22:24:38


That's literally the opposite of what it proved.
It proved Bitcoin wasn't a viable payment option so you needed to go to a centralized 3rd party in order to get them to exchange fiat on your behalf.
@_date: 2019-05-16 12:07:24
They aren't accepting bitcoins.
This chrome extension just sells your bitcoin for fiat and then sends fiat over the Visa and Mastercard networks.
All amazon see is a standard Visa/Mastercard payment.
@_date: 2019-05-20 16:57:25


Unless you go by the absolute highest estimates for wash trading its still won't be most of the market.
If you go by the mid-range estimates then new mined coins make up a significant percentage for sure but more in the area of 10-30%.
Also on localbitcoins alone they tend to hit 1000 btc a day in trading so it seems unlikely halving mining rewards would halve effective supply except by also indirectly reducing willingness to sell across the market.
@_date: 2019-05-02 14:33:59


calling it is a loan is a fiction, its loaned from themselves to themselves. What are they going to do if they don't pay it back, sue themselves? break their own legs?
It's money they moved out of Tethers reserves (which they promised would always be backed 1:1) to cover the run on Bitfinex.
I guess as long as you are fine with companies lying to their customers then this doesn't matter.
@_date: 2019-05-15 22:17:57


Yeah, its impossible shady money dealings could last as long as 4 years without getting caught. That proves its legit.
Unrelated, how long did Bernie Madoff manage to get away with multi-billion dollar fraud for?
@_date: 2019-05-16 12:13:58
Stop with the FUD.
Amazon is accepting bitcoin and bitcoin is trustless which means you don't need to trust them.
you should be happy we're finally seeing mass adoption.
@_date: 2019-05-02 14:43:44


Do you have proof of this or are you just trusting in their word?
@_date: 2019-05-22 19:01:33


Most of my wealth is in assets, not cash. A deflationary currency would significantly devalue my assets while doing little to increase the value of my cash because I spend most of my cash within 1 month of getting it, whereas I hold assets for years at a time. it would be "self destructive" for me to support a deflationary currency. I have no interest in keeping hold of large amounts of cash when I can trade that cash for things that benefit my life and also retain value.
If you have a $100,000 house and $1,000 in cash, 10% deflation will add $100 of purchasing power to your cash and knock $10,000 off the value of your house. not a wise trade, and you can't just sell your house and live in $100,000 while it appreciates. 
deflation is only a good thing if you're hoarding large quantities of cash and I have no interest in supporting a monetary system that rewards people rich enough to hoard large amounts of cash at the expense of the value of everyone else who can't afford to keep $100,000 in cash and have to invest their wealth into assets like homes, cars, businesses.
@_date: 2019-05-19 22:58:08


If they deserve a portion of the money supply for running a service then they should deserve it for as long as they are running the service. Since that reward exponentially decreases over time no matter what the service its not truly a reward for service, its a subsidy set by the designer of the protocol.
When you happened to be born should not determine your right to be able to capitalize on the right to produce the money supply. Either you should have the right or you shouldn't. unless you want to build an economic system where people born hundreds of years from now are put at a huge disadvantage, lacking the same right and opportunity as people 100 years in the past. So people have to work all their lives to save up a fraction of a bitcoin that you could have produced in 30 minutes on a desktop computer back when bitcoin was worthless and no one was even using it.
 You can say they deserved such a large portion of all bitcoins ever produced because they were pioneering risk takers who pushed innovation and were early adopters who were the first to realize the potential, but in truth there was no risk. Many people at that time made huge amounts of bitcoin on hardware they already had and simply lost or threw them away on old hard drives because they weren't worth anything and they didn't think they would ever be worth anything.
The reward was not set by the level of risk they took on, nor the investment they made in the infrastructure. Many people who came after would make far greater contributions, at far higher risk for far less reward simply due to the arbitrary decisions made about the protocol, not down to any fundamental principle about free markets or fair reward.


It's targeted to keep inflation between 1-5%. Most developed nations in the world now have adopted inflation targeting which is why most of the developed world hasn't seen greater than 5% inflation for the last 20 years, thanks in large part to the pioneering work of Milton Friedman and Friedrich Hayek in better understanding how money works.
Ideally the value of money creation would be shared evenly between all citizens of the state from which power to print money is derived, but given that the vast majority of people are net-beneficiaries of the state already, and that if government revenues money supply were distributed, they would simply make up the loss in revenue with other less avoidable taxes, it seems a fairly inconsequential problem.
USD is vastly more stable and useful than any private currency in the world. If you just want something that goes up in value over time but isn't widely accepted as a medium of exchange and doesn't function as a stable unit of account then there are countless assets you can invest in.
@_date: 2019-05-19 14:12:11
Are you saying without a subsidy in the form of a portion of the money supply that it wouldn't be worth anyone mining bitcoin just for the transaction fees alone?
What happens if the token subsidy dwindles down to near nothing and total transaction fees aren't any higher than they are now? Does it just die?


Do you think it needs bootstrapping for 120 years?
If it isn't sufficiently bootstrapped in 90 years another 30 isn't going to do the job.
@_date: 2019-05-09 11:35:34


So if someone found an exploit to give themselves billions of bitcoins, it would be impossible to ever remove them from the ledger?
@_date: 2019-05-28 21:49:07
Crypto tends to be bad at using a consistent definition of inflation/deflation.
Sometimes its used to mean the actual overall supply, with an increase in the supply being inflation and a decrease being deflation.
Sometimes its used to refer to the rate of increase in money supply (an increase in the rate being inflation, a decrease in the rate, even if it s still increasing, being deflation).
Sometimes its used to refer to the purchasing power of the currency, with an increase being deflation and a decrease being inflation.
Which gets used often depends more on the picture someone wants to paint than clarity of language.
@_date: 2019-05-16 12:11:27
If you use this you are using fiat, you're just using a 3rd party payment processor to do it for you.
2 intermediaries for the price of one.
@_date: 2019-05-15 22:21:09
Bernie Madoff got away with defrauding BILLIONS of dollars for decades.
FBI and the CIA aren't in all rooms at all times, they certainly aren't falling over themselves to chase up every million dollar crook when there are multi-billion dollar busts to make.
The amount of tax avoidance and money laundering that goes on in the US alone is huge, there's no way they could catch even half of it even if that was the only thing they spent their resources on chasing.
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:55:22


How long until Bitcoin drives out fiat currency from Venezuela, the nation with the worst currency on earth?


"It is agreed that hoarding money, whether in cash or in idle balances, is deflationary in its effects. No one thinks that deflation is in itself desirable."
@_date: 2019-05-20 17:37:54
Depends on which estimates you believe for how much wash trading is going on, and which data you are using for trade volume estimation.
The highest estimate I've seen is 95% is wash trading, the lowest around 70%.
Bitcoinity had the last 24 hours trade volume as 127,000 bitcoins, coinmarketcap had it at 2.9 million which is quite a discrepancy, not sure what the difference in their data collection is.
If you pair the highest estimate for wash trading with the lowest estimates for trade volume then newly mined coins make up about 10-30% of trades, assuming miners sell all their coins the same day.
If you start to add in OTC markets like localbitcoins and paxful then you add in a few thousand more a day so its hard to see 900 bitcoins amounting to more than 5% of daily trade even on the worst estimates.
@_date: 2019-05-30 11:33:57


No legal store would be allowed to accept it, no exchange that did any business with US banks could trade it, no mining pool could publicly operate in the US, no Bitcoin ATMs could exist in the US, no ETFs or "institutional money incoming".
Of course you could say all of those things are irrelevant and bitcoin doesn't need to be accepted by stores or traded on exchanges or have ATMs to be successful, although that brings up the question why all those things are heralded as indicators of mass adoption.
@_date: 2019-05-25 13:57:44


Amount of hashrate is far less relevant than how concentrated the control/ownership of it is.
If you have 51% of hashrate in one group or cartels hands then it doesn't matter how high the hash rate is, in fact the higher the hash rate the harder it would be for newcomers to break their majority control. 


BCH is up since they reversed those transactions, and no one cared when 184 billion bitcoins were taken off Bitcoins ledger. There's no evidence reversing transactions on the immutable ledger suddenly makes a crypto worthless.
@_date: 2019-05-02 16:23:33
So you're saying Bitfinex told them where their funds are kept and then NYAG seized them?
Why would they only seize 850 million instead of the full 2.8 billion? unless most of their funds are out of reach of the NYAG, in which case how do you know those funds exist?
@_date: 2018-04-02 22:51:34
freedom to transfer the vast majority of the worlds wealth to 0.01% of the worlds population who happened to buy up the vast majority of a limited number of trade tokens because for some reason we won't be able to just use other trade tokens and will have to pay huge fortunes to a tiny number of people to get access to very particular trade tokens that we could just copy the code for.
no one said freedom was free.
@_date: 2019-05-16 12:02:19


The technology provided in video isn't using bitcoin to buy off amazon. 
All it's doing is selling bitcoin for fiat and then sending fiat over the Visa and Mastercard networks. 
Amazon already accept Visa and Mastercard.


If they were going to do that why would anyone have bothered to waste the time writing a chrome extension that converted bitcoin to fiat?
All that work is now going to be a waste when you can just directly use bitcoin with amazon.
Luckily for them there's no way Amazon are going to be accepting Bitcoin within the year.
@_date: 2019-05-24 14:52:55


Guess that isn't a good thing for a currency then, otherwise Zimbabwe would have adopted Bitcoin after its native currency died. Plenty of things increase in value more than fiat. That doesn't make them good currencies.
You can't cite free market economics and then ignore when a currency completely fails to compete in the marketplace even when there is no national currency to blame. After the Zimbabwe dollar collapsed Zimbabweans were using currencies from all over the world, they were using South African Rand, British Pounds, Euros, USD and Yen, they were using phone credit as currency, they were resorting to barter. There was nothing stopping them from using Bitcoin other than the total unsuitability of a hyper-deflationary speculative asset as a currency.
@_date: 2019-05-19 21:03:22
He's lying/LARPing as a Venezuelan.
He thought if you're sending $5 somehow fees are lower than if you're sending a larger amount, so he doesn't even understand the basics of what he's pretending to know about.
If even 1% of Venezuelans were using bitcoin as a substitute currency for bolivars then either the network would be completely overwhelmed with fees greater than the monthly minimum wage or else Lightning Network would be booming.
Neither of those things are happening.
There may be a handful of rich people using bitcoin to stash their wealth but that's not the same thing as anyone in Venezuela using it as a substitute currency. 
People need to learn to reality test stories instead of just upvoting stories they want to be true.
@_date: 2019-05-22 16:53:44
I was quoting Friedrich Hayek because of your mention of keynesian propaganda. In my experience those who rail against Keynsianism as some kind of justification for deflationist monetary policy are rarely aware of what the Austrian school actually had to say about theory of money.


Firstly, the [annual supply of gold has significantly increased for the last 200 years]( including for the entirety of the existence of a pure gold standard in the US.
Secondly, a pure gold standard lasted less than 100 years in most of the world, and it only survived for that long because fractional reserve allowed the printing of many more notes than there was gold to back it, which help provide enough currency to meet demand but also was hugely vulnerable to bank runs.
Silver, copper and brass were the primary metal currencies of the last 2000 years, because while the supply of gold constantly increased it didn't increase fast enough to match demand for currency and so was prone to the same kind of hoarding and speculative bubbles that bitcoin is.


Because advocating for the monetary theory you think is best is something only bad people do?
@_date: 2019-05-22 14:52:07


Yeah, its the people who just sit on bitcoin and do nothing waiting for the price to go up until they become lambomoon millionaires who really keep the ecosystem alive, not the people trading it on exchanges to provide functional liquidity or the people mining it to process transactions.
@_date: 2019-05-18 17:17:50
More bitcoin is being created every day, and will be until about 120 years in the future.
What makes you think increasing the currency supply is fine for 120 years but then after 120 years suddenly becomes a problem? Why will we still need new bitcoins in 100 years time but not in 121 years time?
@_date: 2019-05-23 14:26:56


you're not talking to a keynesian and the ideas I'm referring to are not keynesian in origin. Austrian schoolers like Hayek were against monetary deflation as were Chicago schoolers like Milton Friedman. neither of those have the same theory of money as Keynes. Keynes thought the quantity of money was mostly irrelevant and it was only how fast it was spent that mattered, that's completely different to the quantity theories of money developed by Hayek and Friedman. Try addressing the points I'm actually making instead of just implying I'm wrong because "keynes = bad"


People were using inflationary currencies long before government existed. I will happily switch to a non-government currency as soon as you have one that is better. I have no allegiance to any particular form of currency. 
Bitcoin couldn't even replace the Zimbabwe dollar after it collapsed and there was no official currency in Zimbabwe for 6 years, it still can't beat the Bolivar in Venezuela, a fiat that is almost worthless in a nation where the government is on the brink of collapse. if it can't replace a failed fiat its sure as shit not in a position to replace a successful one.


They don't rely on that. At 0% inflation they would still appreciate in value. I would prefer a 0% inflation currency, but 1-2% inflationary currency is vastly preferable to even a 0.1% deflationary currency due to the difference in how long currency is held for and how long assets are held for. If I hold $1,000 for 1 month at 2% annual inflation I lose $1.60. If I hold a $100,000 house for 10 years at 0.1% deflation I lose $1,000.
you still haven't explained why I should want to have to trade all the useful things in my life for cash and then sit around waiting for the cash to get more valuable.
@_date: 2019-05-19 21:18:44


It's not though is it.
The bolivar is almost as worthless as its possible for a fiat to get before people just start burning it as fuel and still not even 1% of Venezuelans are using Bitcoin on a daily basis.
This is trivial to reality test because you can just look at the population of Venezuela, the number of on-chain transactions and the number of people using Lightning Network to know its not even close to competing with the Bolivar.
It's clear lots of people fully believe that nations with failed fiats will be the first place Bitcoin achieve mass adoptions so rather than people wanting Bitcoin to be a viable alternative to hyper-inflationary currency and upvoting stories that conform to that bias they should be asking serious questions about why its not competitive with even the worse fiat.
@_date: 2019-05-29 13:11:44
When comparing between economies you need to look at Purchasing Power Parity, not just the raw exchange rate.
Currencies purchasing power changing relative to each other is not the same as purchasing power changing within an economy.
If the exchange rate shifts and the USD now buys twice as many pesos as it did before, that doesn't automatically mean the USD now buys twice as much as it does in the US, and it doesn't mean pesos suddenly only buy half as much in mexico. although it does create an arbitrage opportunity that over time will balance out the difference in purchasing power parity.
Purchasing power is the most useful definition because that's what we actually care about for a currency. [The equation of exchange]( provides a simple (if slightly oversimplified) formula for understanding the relationship between prices and currency.
Which do you care more about, that there is 8x more bitcoin than there was 10 years ago, or that it can buy thousands of times more than it did? Admittedly its slightly confusing when nothing is being priced directly in Bitcoin, so the exchange rate with other currencies is all you can look at.
USD is inflationary in some economies and deflationary in others, it depends on the supply and demand of currency in those economies.
For example in Venezuela and Zimbabwe, the USD is significantly deflationary in terms of USD becoming worth more over time, because there is far more demand for USD than there is USD available in the economy, which is limited by how much is being brought in by people looking to capitalize on arbitrage.
@_date: 2019-05-20 12:47:07
If miners stop mining because its no longer profitable at a certain hash rate/energy expenditure to reward ratio, and so the difficulty rate drops as that mining decreases, it doesn't magically become profitable again when they jump back in.
As soon as they started mining again the difficulty rate would increase and it would become unprofitable again.
@_date: 2019-05-21 12:12:42
In which case the number of coins being put on the market by miners on any given day will be an even smaller percentage than those estimates.
The psychological effect on the rest of the markets sellers is likely to be far more significant a factor in overall balance of supply and demand than the change in new coins coming onto market.