@_author: sunjata
@_date: 2014-03-13 23:23:21
Damn, I was hoping someone would explain it like I was five.
@_date: 2014-01-30 13:01:01
Yes, the funding round is still open.
@_date: 2014-01-30 12:16:53
As far as I am aware, this is the first time that fully regulated equity crowdfunding has been used to finance a bitcoin startup. This is an interesting development because, while the ethos of bitcoin is decentralised, the methods used by startups to find capital have been centralised, focusing on the gatekeepers of venture capital in Silicon Valley. So the ongoing 'IPO' of the Bitcoin protocol and platform has been public and open, but the goldrush around wallets, payment processing and the ecosystem has been restricted to those with serious money and connections. Equity crowdfunding has the potential to change that. Cryptopay are the first of several bitcoin-themed startups who will attempt to raise finance on BankToTheFuture, so hopefully this will gather some momentum.
[For full disclosure, I have an investment in Banktothefuture, via their crowdfunding round. No connection to Cryptopay.]
@_date: 2013-12-30 21:00:42
I've read all of Izabella Kaminska's FT Alphaville column's on bitcoin and, while initially I was pleased to see the technology get serious consideration in a mainstream publication, I got disillusioned as time went on. I think she started off with the idea that bitcoin was a scam/worthless/evil and looked for the evidence to back it up, with the result that her writing on the topic got more and more intellectually dishonest as time went on.
The nadir of this was a column that said something along the lines of 'there is nothing new under the sun, including bitcoin', ignoring the fact that the protocol offers the most elegant solution yet to the Byzantine generals' problem - so she might know something about macroeconomics but, like most people in that field, she is too blinkered to think outside it. 
I still think she has the occasional insight, like the idea that the bitcoin economy currently pushes a lot of its compliance costs onto the traditional financial system, hence its low fees are either eaten up in the transition to and from fiat or will be threatened in the future. But, generally, Kaminska is looking for reasons to hate bitcoin so the macroeconomics jargon is often being used to blind people with science.
TLDR: I call bullshit on this one.
@_date: 2013-12-29 20:42:38
This is one of the best introductory series to the practical and financial value of bitcoin that I have seen. I'm always frustrated by the poor quality of discussion of bitcoin in mainstream financial media, even from people I normally respect. Almost always the focus is on bitcoin the token and not Bitcoin the protocol. That is partly the fault of the financial commentators themselves, for not doing the research, and partly the fault of the bitcoin community, for not communicating the value of the technology over the price of the commodity. I've been struck over the past month or so by the sheer number of people shouting 'bubble' who clearly just think that a bitcoin is a digital tulip and that there is nothing revolutionary here at all, just a bunch of nerds messing about. This is frustrating and, rather than obsessing about the current price, we would better off thinking long term and educating people on the revolutionary potential that decentralized blockchains and instantaneous value transfer unleash. 
This is a good start, I think, because it bridges the gap between the way that technologists think about bitcoin and the way that economists think about bitcoin. 