@_author: sunlimin
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:35:36
Top of the Mitm.io page,


Formal dispute is as easy as a email - which is sent to both parties when you start it(hence the emails of both participants being needed).
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:04:37
They do do it for 0%. They make money of the rest of the moolah.io branch. Once they deem the business model unprofitable they will change it, but if me telling you guys about this makes at least one of you become customers for the merchant branch or any of the other services they provide, it paid for itself. As long as the net gain &gt; the net loss then it is worth it for them.
@_date: 2014-03-14 11:08:55
Mitm.io(part of the moolah.io branch) offers a 0% fee automated escrow for Bitcoin/Dogecoin/Litecoin and Vertcoin. I have used it when trading Dogecoin and Vertcoin without any problems, and the support/dispute is really fast.
Say X is selling Product for Bitcoin and Y is trading his Bitcoin for Product.
Y sends Bitcoin to Mitm.io, X gets a confirmations email saying that Bitcoins have been received. X sends product. Once Y receives product(or receives tracking number/feels confident that the product has been shipped) he marks the goods as received and Mintm.io releases Bitcoins to X.
* If Y never sends the Bitcoins, Mitm.io will never send the confirmation email to X saying Bitcoins have been received - deal ends.
* If X never sends the product, Y sends a dispute to Mitm.io. Mitm.io staff have both peoples emails and simply ask X for proof that they sent the product. If proof can not be provided then the deal is cancelled and Mitm.io returns Bitcoins to Y.
* If Y receives products but never marks it as received, X simply sends a dispute to Mitm.io. Mitm.io verifys that the product has been sent and bamn - Bitcoins released.
Free, 0% automated system with a formal dispute resolution service? Perfect imo.
@_date: 2014-02-05 01:57:42
I agree with what you said I mostly hangout in but I hangout here and in to read about news in the cryptoworld or Bitcoin/Litecoin themselves. If it is news worthy for any altcoin then I appreciate reading it here, but if it is just a "What do you think about Dogecoin""X coin just went up 400%!" kind of posts, then I would rather not have them flood the front page here.
This is where I get my overall cryptonews and Bitcoin news/discussions. That is how I would like to keep it.
@_date: 2014-01-11 00:14:05
Not quite as good, but reminded me of this.
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:46:43
can... can I have a fedora tip? I want to tip people fedora tips :D
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:07:04
The dispute claim is used for all situations. Just provide proof and its all good. I guess the only way to have that work though is to not deem anything as "arrived" until you received and opened it.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:00:30
Considering your at... let me count... -756 karma in the last 5 hours shows that our community, does not even agree with you. Bitcoin did a GREAT job of pioneering cryptocurrency and getting people to see it as something with value. Litecoin did a great job of improving on the bitcoin foundation (scrypt) and proving that there can be more then one crypto with value. Thing is, all the people who are going to join have joined. All the people who are not scared of bitcoin and this anal community are here. I am a perfect example of someone who would not have joined bitcoin. I came here for help, messed something up and the community freaked at me for asking for help.. so you lost another user.
Dogecoin is a friendly community that is helpful. They attract those who are on the fence, the ones who COULD HAVE joined bitcoin but didn't. After I learned about Doge and got it all set up a month ago, I called my mother back home and told her about it (since I told her about bitcoin and litecoin a couple years ago and did not pursue). She got excited and wired me a couple hundred for me to invest on her behalf (and just mentally consider "x many are hers"). My brother is now into it, and so are the majority of our friends.
I now own bitcoin, litecoin, novacoin, easycoin and all that shit because I joined ultimatecoinpool and mined directly to cryptsy to see how it all works. I traded it all for BTC and am trying to play the market and jump between then (not all my Doge for BTC, but all my other coins and a good amount of Doge). I am learning about BTC and invested in it BECAUSE of Doge.
Doge brings what Bitcoin and Litecoin are lacking - a community. Dogecoin, I truly feel, will be one of the big three (maybe surpass Litecoin) in the near future and sit beside our big brother bitcoin. Bitcoin is the serious, anal coin that plowed the way and gave crypto it's name. Doge is the friendly one that is inviting and gets all the fence sitters to join into crypto (in turn, helping bitcoin).
We are all in this together. Even the majority of seems to agree based on how well your comments are going over. And FYI, a good amount of bitcoiners are also litecoiners and dogecoiners. The community's are interchangeable.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:40:44
I have. I actually feel that it is the opposite. You are the one stuck in your narrow minded ways who can not grasp what it is that is going on. To each there own though. You can stay how you are, does not bother me.
As for your football analogy... what if I said I have yet to meet a fortune teller who was right? Thinking someone will win, and predicting the future correctly, are two different things.
@_date: 2014-03-14 19:28:46
Through the formal dispute service, which, yes,  has a actual employeelook into both sides. It is automated unless something goes wrong, and then either party can make a formal dispute
@_date: 2014-01-24 21:32:44
Not just Bitcoin. When Litecoin became popular I remember they deleted a article about it, same with Primecoin and Dogecoin... they just don't like crypto. The issue probably started with Bitcoin, and they just see every other crypto as a Bitcoin clone, which is just as bad in their eyes.
@_date: 2014-01-20 22:44:39
This, kids, is why people have a hard time taking bitcoin seriously :)
@_date: 2014-01-24 22:46:18
Does that not go against the entire idea of reddit? You know. Users submit stuff, users upvote stuff, what makes it to the front page is what was deemed upvote worthy by the community?
When you make the rules get rid of memes and other easy to digest content and only allow articles (as did), you would think they would not need to further moderate the subreddit in terns of submissions, because whatever makes it to the front page is what the community deemed worthy and it by default follows the guidelines.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:09:07
Bitcoin is, currently, extremely inflationary. It will continue to be inflationary until the year 2140 when the miners will start mining transaction fees instead of new Bitcoins. I believe it was 70 years until Bitcoin reaches a 3% annual inflation?(that number is the one I don't remember. I will double check that).
As long as new Bitcoin enters the economy every year it is inflationary. Yes, in the future, it will become deflationary... but that will not happen in your life time.
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:37:11
No, the tip bot is just REALLY swamped. I believe it is over 4 hours behind right now trying to catch up.
@_date: 2014-01-20 23:26:11
I love how you say you do not care if it is successful or not, but you go out of your way to insult it and you keep insisting it wont be. You obviously care lol
Also, in what world are memes toxic? I feel like you do not know half of the worlds you are saying.


^ Can you please explain that point further. I do not understand what you mean by old world. We are discussing a currency with a doge on it.. I am pretty sure the old-world folks are not the ones in cryptocurrency, let alone in a fucking meme based one lol
@_date: 2014-03-14 17:05:36
No problem :)
@_date: 2014-01-25 10:39:55
Tagged as "brick shitter 2064". OP pls deliver.
@_date: 2017-08-04 19:50:27


So very true. The amount of energy wasted fighting silly semantics is ridiculous sometimes.
@_date: 2017-08-04 19:47:46
Me and my best friend dispute over what to do in scenarios like that. He takes more of your approach, the "he won't actually change his mind, it's not worth the time" approach.
Personally, I'm a fan of educating. Talking politely, acknowledge both sides and be the bigger person. My goal isn't to change the other persons mind, but instead to be informational so when an outsider who hasn't made up their mind comes along, they have a more neutral informational comment to read instead of being force fed the vocal minorities opinion
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:12:16
I don't post much to either sub, I'm more of an altcoin guy, but I try to frequent both subs more and more to get an idea of what's going on. Overall, I'm more of a lurker to both and &gt; Are both subs manipulated by shills of opposing powers operating from the shadows?
Kinda? Both subs definitely show bias. is literally bought and paid for (and I mean that literally as in literally, not figuratively. It was a factual purchase) by Roger Ver. He's constantly posting information that goes in the direction he wants, while banning and deleting posts they don't like (but not to the extent bans and deletes). is influenced (not bought, but influenced through cooperation between the mods here and the core devs + Blockstream) in a way that's pro Core, pro Blockstream. They are much less likely to influence the actual discussions here in the way Roger Ver does, BUT they are more likely to delete posts here.
It's kinda like, grows the discussions to their agenda, while prunes the discussion to their agenda.
Personally, as an outsider, I prefer pruning over growing. People call it "censorship", but I see it as keeping your property to your liking. Your establishment can throw out whoever they don't like. This can be fact checked, we can discover which posts are deleted (it's like throwing them out but keeping a log of what they said and when/why they were thrown out). The other way is more of a "the media controls our thoughts" way, where the authority is leading the discussions, indirectly brainwashing it. I don't like this, because that's what leads to sheeple who are spoonfed the specific information the authority figures want.
That being said, I only prefer one over the other assuming it's equally bad. The first way (how does it) can be abused if the reasons people are getting kicked out does not make sense (kicking someone out for harassing individuals in your establishment makes sense. Kicking them out for trying to market a competitors product while inside your establishment makes sense. Kicking them out because they had visited a rivaling establishment in the past or mentions the other establishment, however, is overstepping boundaries). In that same vein, authorities influencing opinions through discussions like does it doesn't have to be malicious. But if done too much, that's how you get the style of brainwashing that religions have to deal with, blind faith in their authority. (and obviously, to some extent, both subs do kinda do both, just each sub leans more one way).


Little of column A and little of column B. As I said above, I'm not really a member of either community. I'm a lot more neutral when it comes to Blockstream vs AntMiner (?I don't think it was AntMiner but that's what comes to mind rn) or Core vs Ver. However, I fall under that second category of "differing views" and "bitterness because money".
I wanted Segwit over not having it. That being said, I wanted it for $ reasons. I feel that it would increase the price of BTC (which would increase it of all alts) by setting a precident for actually moving forward with new tech and not relying on Sathoshi's whitepaper for every decision. It also meant Litecoin and other alts would be able to atomic swap with Bitcoin, which is good for those alts considering I'm invested in a lot of them. So for me, the decision is greed based and differing views. 
That being said, I don't believe differing views alone is enough to cause the level of hate the two subs have. I do think that the authorities are stirring the pot more than people like to admit (I mean, I was over in and literally saw Luke-Jr arguing again, say the increased block size is the end of the world, and then talk about Christianity being the factual/logical choice rather than emotional/spiritual choice, which is something they insult him over viewing and he just fuels the hate by arguing back instead of letting it die. Roger Ver stirs the pot over there getting them riled up, but authorities here go there and do the same)
@_date: 2017-08-04 19:42:46
Yeah, I was arguing today in and I just realized a few minutes ago that it was the same two people I replied to every single time. I find the same thing in where there's a couple users who frequently say shit that is just shilling too hard and being straight up ignorant about seeing the whole picture (I'm sure there's people like that here to, I just don't post here enough to recognize specific usernames and it's a bigger community).
Vocal minorities definitely bring out the worst in every sub. I've had good discussions in every sub, and I've also had terrible discussions with ignorant folks. Sometimes I wish there was a throttle of how much of a thread is allowed to be the same person, like one person can't be more than 25% of comments in a &lt;20 comment thread or more than 10% of comments in a &lt;100 comment thread.
Vocal minorities not only yell louder when they talk, but also simply talk the most and make up a disproportionate amount of the comments.
@_date: 2017-09-29 21:39:49


I'm actually just getting frustrated trying to understand what you're trying to say here. I'm doing a research proposal at University for a blockchain network, while planning on doing my research project over the next year, starting in January, on using game channels inspired by the LN and other payment channels, allowing for non-bloated, near real-time decentralized servers.
I'm in the middle of coding out my "proof-of-concept" from scratch and have read about 10~ ledger journals and research papers on the subject, with many more on the horizon.
I'm not an expert, by any means. I'm about the 4th grade equivalent of Satoshi if he's a University Professor.
But that statement and the rest of your comment, honestly, sounds like something a first grader would say who was misinformed by their parents. It reads, to me, like saying saying "colour has nothing to do with the reflection of light, in fact, if anything, light comes from colours!". I don't know how to address that, because it just doesen't make sense.
The more I've read into payment channels, side-chains and the LN in particular, the more it just makes sense. It's like knowing grade 11 chemistry, then getting to grade 12 where you built on grade 11 and go "Wow, that's a way better way to do it". They are provably fair, enforceably secure and fix near all scaling bottlenecks.
Nothing forces people to use these payment channels. If you feel security is an issue, then you simply only use them for convenience on small payments until a problem actually arises, and stick to using the core Bitcoin system for the transactions you're more worried about. There is no "jurisdiction", unless we get to China level censorship of the internet. If certain side chains become regulated (which, can't be malicious or they won't be accepted, and disputes would find their claims didn't hash up, and their claims will become orphaned. So the only 'regulation' that can be done is saying 'no, you can't send that'), they will stop being used, in the same way that shitty forks get abandoned and shitty coins become abandoned.


It's not a valid problem, nor is it actually centralization that affects Bitcoin since it's on a provably fair network. The same risk happens with miners rejecting transactions from certain users, but the rest of the network won't agree with that conclusion. It isn't a concern


There is no regulated entity. You're literally imagining up the bad guy, building a scene in your head putting people in positions of weakness to this bad guy, then saying "See, IF we were here, we'd be fucked! Therefore, let's not". You can always download wallets from Bitcoin. Even if you go to Bitcoin.com or Bitcoin.org, whether as a Blockstream or Ver fan, your wallet would not default to using this "bad guy" hub. If you mean "That guy born in Sydney, Australia would be forced to use the Australia Bitcoin wallet", that's even more ridiculous of a notion
@_date: 2017-07-25 20:09:50
I just went through his recent post history. I know of who Luke is, but I haven't seen him advocating for it around here any more than the average user. Maybe he's done more I haven't seen, but from a quick glance he didn't seem to be shilling it hard. I don't follow this subreddit exclusively so I could very well have missed a few events of drama with him


Eh... honestly, that sounds like some sensationalism from the bubble. I'd say, on average, users seemed to want BIP148 more than not. Between twitter, here, the various alt coin subreddits, and the folks in the trading Discord chat I'm a member of all seemed more pro BIP148 than not (not that everyone was pro it, but it was the general consensus I've seen by more than a simple majority). Only seemed consistently against it, which I don't really think means much considering they are even more bought and paid for than is and both subs need to be taken with a few grains of salt.
I don't really see what exchanges have to do with it (or how you can really know. As far as I've read, exchanges basically prepared for whatever scenario arose to minimize risk). 
As for the other Core contributors, I've seen that comment made a lot, but I haven't actually seen any Core developers speak out against it, just people speaking on their behalf, which leads me to believe that their standpoint is being blown out of proportion.
I'm personally very unsure where I stand on the change or which fork I would want to happen. I see there's pros and cons with each option, and know it will live on strong regardless
@_date: 2017-07-25 15:18:24
So I just went through about 10~ pages of his comment history. He never outright shilled for either BIP148 or not, he simply reiterated it had the most support from the measurable metrics available and therefore it would be unsafe to not support it. That sounds to me like is right, and you're just trying to stir FUD.
No comments were personally emotional for or against, just objective statements. Seems like what I'd want to hear from him. Glad he's doing a good job
@_date: 2017-06-22 20:49:44
Thanks for the info. That's the vibe I've been getting out of this question I asked and the responses I got haha.
I never got the impression that BTC doing poorly was good for altcoins though. If BTC had a terrible split that forked the network, I'd be concerned about all of crypto going through a huge crash. Everything's based on BTC. I view trading my altcoins as trading on a stockmarket that's goal is to maximize my BTC. Other than ETH, most coins have no ties to fiat at all and have to go through BTC anyway, so an increase in BTC is an increase in the price of altcoins. The idea that a drop in BTC is an increase in altcoins seems inherently flawed to me.
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:40:24
I understood that stuff, I got confused because the people over at were talking about sidechains and how Segwit wants to implement one and how some of their developers have a conflict of interest because they work for some company that makes sidechains, then they started talking about all these flaws with Segwit adding a sidechain... Hence why I asked to clear it up. I don't normally go to or so I didn't realize was just filled wish such conspiracy theorists
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:46:33
Interesting. Well thank you for the info, for clearing everything up and taking this time out of your day.
@_date: 2017-06-22 17:39:07
EDIT: Apparently this all boils down to me reading bad information from claiming Segwit was adding a sidechain and had conflicts of interests with it, then going on about all these flaws that I hadn't read anywhere else, which led to my confusion and comment here. I'll leave it up for the sake of it, but it's a complete misunderstanding on my part. My mistake.
Question here, since I only learned about Segwit recently and keep reading varying different views on and From my understanding, Segwit will require a sidechain being run by a 3rd party to operate. I can't find any information though on how the sidechain is run. 
Does a sidechain produce coins themselves that are not tradable? (By that I mean won't be on an open market)
If so, what incentives are there for miners to mine the sidechain?
If none and the 3rd party runs the sidechain, is that not inherently giving full hashrate to one entity, which is basically like handing over the risk of a 51% attack?
If that is the case, does that not mean future forks are basically being given up to the 3rd party, since Bitcoin can't fork unless the sidechain forks accordingly? (assuming future changes include changes to the sidechain that is)
I'm sure I'm missing something and am trying to read from both here and to get a full image of what's going on. I guess my main question is, what are the risks and how are they being mitigated/planned for accordingly? I'm not necessarily opposed to relying on a 3rd party if there are systems in place to prevent issues if that 3rd party does not act in the best interest of Bitcoin as a whole, but I do understand the fear that, from my (probably terrible) understanding, is giving up the power of decentralization to a centralized 3rd party (even though that power is limited)
@_date: 2017-06-23 15:48:51


I had this same confusion yesterday, [here is the direct link to a mod explaining what happened in order to sort out my confusion](
Do note, this is kinda out-of-context (you can read the comment chain if you want to know how we got here), and is from a mods point of view (so obviously biased towards over but I think it explains what happened fairly well.
@_date: 2017-06-22 22:50:26
Thank you, that clears it up nicely. I really appreciate everything. You (and the others who clarified my misunderstandings) really were helpful, so thank you :)
@_date: 2017-06-22 22:08:29
Yeah, I can see. I made an edit to the previous comment, but basically going through that sub now just reads like It feels like the cultists/purists of Bitcoin (the people who turned me away from Bitcoin on this sub 3-4 years ago and made me join the for my dive into crypto) all moved to that sub and let it become an echo chamber, while this one calmed down from what I remember.
Was the community always this divided? Or did grow to what it is once Core became a thing?
@_date: 2017-06-22 21:54:59
From the reading of that, I can understand how it can be argued it was a blacklist if it's named as such. I can't say personally one way or the other considering I don't really know the context, what was being blacklisted (accused of or what his code was actually filtering), but I can see where the confusion comes from.
But I see what you mean. The communitys reaction is to smear him in that thread. When he shows up, no one actually asks questions or discusses, they jump straight to attacking his religious beliefs. I get what you mean now haha
EDIT: God, actually. It reads like going through that sub. I wont pretend I love this sub, when I was big into cryptos 3-4 years ago and first got in, this sub turned me away from Bitcoin and towards Lite/Doge (I don't know whats changed since then. Nothing so far has seemed negative here since I got back into cryptos over the last few months). But that subreddit is like a terrible version of what I remember this subreddit being like, while this subreddit now feels like a tamer/more professional version of what I remember.
I remember what I disliked about Bitcoin over the other currencies before was the cult like culture I found this sub had. When Core took over, did the cultists/purists switch subs and community split? Or am I just overthinking this and my memory is playing tricks on me.
@_date: 2017-06-23 18:30:46


I don't understand the "Satoshi's original vision" arguments at all. To me, it makes as much sense as hearing Americans used their founding fathers beliefs on how America should be run in modern times going towards to future.
In my point of view, Satoshi is a genius who created an amazing technology that allowed for such a decentralized currency to thrive. I view that vision as "I created a tool so governments can't rule our currency, the people rule it, and I designed it in such a way that majority rules". If the majority wants x and he would have personally preferred y, I think Satoshi's original vision would be to go with x regardless, cause the entire point of this is to create a decentralized currency that is run by the people, not some country/dictator
@_date: 2017-06-22 21:39:32
Duly noted, thank you :)
@_date: 2017-06-22 18:29:44


Ahh, see, that makes sense... They kept talking about things that the websites weren't mentioning. I didn't even notice that there were two subreddits until I did a search today and found out that two exist.
Thanks for clearing up that info. I was wondering why they were all crying about the death of Bitcoin over this, when even given their complaints, I still felt like it sounded good as long as it was done in a smart way. I originally heard about it actually from googling something else and being linked to a thread. Searched Reddit and got such different opinions it was really confusing.
Thanks again for your time