@_author: superjew113
@_date: 2018-01-12 08:03:46
I'm in Arizona. Even if my bitcoin/bcash hodlings are now around 2/3 of my wealth, I will still only pay taxes in toilet paper bucks. 
That's not to shit on Arizona either. As a low income adult living with a disability, getting great healthcare thanks to this state, this state has done so fuckin' much for me, that I am determined to one day repay Arizona back. I'm buying a new car soon, in part thanks to bitcoin. I could register the car in Missouri, and pay less sales tax on it, but I strongly feel I owe it to this state to register it and pay the higher sales tax here.
@_date: 2019-07-19 04:08:22
I like the pic of him proudly showing off to his robbing the cradle gold digger wife a bunch of US toilet paper bucks at the Treasury
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:13:00
Gary Cohn, Rex Tillerson, Jim Mattis, Paul Ryan, John Boehner all by and large seem to agree the man is a moron. All are Republicans too.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:55:22
Actually we just made our money in the market, most of it in the 2009 forward...you know if you want to reduce wealthy people having a stranglehold on this country...maybe you shouldn't vote for the "money is speech" party.that nominated those SCOTUS justices who passed that ruling. By all intents and purposes it appears your support for Trump correlates with huge tax cuts for the wealthiest denizens in society. You support the oligarchy, so much so you're willing to vote in favor of bankrupting your own country to do it.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:52:56
You float gears by matching your revs without using the clutch on upshifts...down shifts you need to use the clutch.
I don't know why people do ot, I think they're just showing off..I just use clutch for both up and down shifts.
@_date: 2019-07-16 22:01:17
The market value for bitcoin is very small...that is why it is so volatile in valuation. If a single bitcoin ever gets to a $million...you'll have your stability.
The performance of crypto assets so far doesn't seem to be tied to the stock market...bitcoins graph doesn't look like S&amp;P 500.
In a major recession, it could rival gold as a safe storage of wealth, similar to what gold has been for humans for the past 6,000 years.
When a satoshi is worth a penny, it will have a lot more utility for small everyday purchases, its a similar idea as why people don't go around shaving off a gold bar in their pocket for their starbucks drinks, which is what a full bitcoin would represent.
Someone convinced me that the utility of the satoshi actually (as opposed to bitcoin) for purchases is what will make it useful as common currency.
@_date: 2019-07-15 23:17:27
I don't disagree with your view
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:52:28
@_date: 2019-07-10 09:09:14
Same guy who said "retards should be paid $2 an hour" on the daily show?
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:15:28
Actually about 30 min ago I just bought another $700 of bitcoin
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:23:35
I am White...so I'd like to hear what you're referring to. If Whites are disliked...it could be for valid reasons.
I think we could both agree for example the Native American is entirely correct when he says "Whiteman speak with forked tongue".
@_date: 2019-07-12 21:10:55
Reddit.com@_date: 2019-07-31 05:00:28
Recession will be the real test of bitcoin. If it's an alternative to gold, we will find out during a harsh economic downturn.
@_date: 2019-07-15 22:34:30
Tell her to hold a bit longer, I dont think this bullrun is done, it's just getting started
@_date: 2019-07-20 02:17:37
I want to say one more thing...if a bunch of your professors instead of Keynesian economics touted the current neoliberalism...I'd say you got a shit education thrn. There maybe criticisms to be made of Keynesian economics...but neoliberqlism best I can tell has absolutely no redeemable feature. A neoliberal would tell Dwight Eisenhower, instead of building our country a massive interstate highway system...we should just blow all the fucking money on distributing it to super wealthy peoeple.
I'm a truck driver, I drive the interstate highway system everyday...you won't find me arguing that building a world class interstate highway system was a shitty use of public tax dollars, unlike say, borrowed money tax cuts distributed to alr3ady super billionaires.
I'd wager your professors were more competent on economics than no less Arthur Laffer himself. He designed the Kansas state's tax cuts under brownback...he predicted a shot of ax4enaline into the Kansas economy...instead they got lack luster economic growth, mixed with a dire self manufactured fiscal crisis. It got so bad, the Republican legislature overrode Brownback's veto to raise taxes.
If you want to see a good example of a dumbass supply sider who is consistently wrong on all his economic forecasts, look up Larry Kudlow. He's a certified grade A moron, he also works with Donald Trump on economics matters and had his own show on cnbc...he's popular with corrupt kleptocrats I'll give him that much, and selling their shitty economic ideas to brain dead morons in the American public.
@_date: 2019-07-28 08:03:18
Amazon pays $0 in taxes
@_date: 2019-07-19 04:12:56
We're not doing Keynesian economics. We're doing neoloberalism, supply side economics and horse and sparrow theory. I as an individual truck driver literally pay more federal taxes, than Amazon does on $11 billion in profit.
Reaganomics was a rejection of Keynesian economics. His idea was we're gonna borrow a shit ton of money against the Treasury and distribute the proceeds to the wealthiest of the wealthy.
The Reaganomics people believe megawealthy corporations should pay less taxes than I do as a truck driver. It's a form of kleptocracy, rule by thieves.
Reaganomics is basically corporate raiding on the treasury. And its very popular, even among ordinary citizens. This is why I'm dumping US Toilet paper bucks into bitcoin.
If we weren't a reserve currency, with how much fiscal incompetence has happened for the past 40 years...I think we'd potentially be in a greece or Venezuela scenario. This fiscal incompetence imo will destroy the reputation of both the US Treasury bond, and USD as a reserve currency.
Edit: 
Even the wiki article points, Neoliberalism had a resurgence in the late 20th century and was a rejection of Keynesian economics.
"These ideas include economic liberalization policies such as privatization, austerity, deregulation, free trade[5] and reductions in government spending in order to increase the role of the private sector in the economy and society.[13] These market-based ideas and the policies they inspired constitute a paradigm shift away from the post-war Keynesian consensus which lasted from 1945 to 1980.[14][15]".
If you hate Keynesian economics, you'll be glad to know we've basically quit practicing it for 40 years now.
@_date: 2019-07-19 14:53:02
I noticed a Reaganomics supporter downvoted you...I think you offended him ;(
@_date: 2019-07-19 20:25:16
That's why theyre toilet paper bucks. Our country is ran by fiscally incompetent greedy morons. Why I say fuck $USD and fuck future junk bond rated US Treasury bonds
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:38:21
Lucky for me Trump is bring about the collapse of the United States. ..$1 trillion deficits aren't fiscally sustainable...especially to finance tax cuts for a wealthy oligarchy. 
So you're so angry that you're essentially destroying your own country and its influence in the world to prove a point.
Btw under Trump's tax cuts, he cut George Soros taxes. Sheldon Adlesons too.
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:10:31
This post doesn't offend me, it's better. I'm holding. I got everything I need, room and board, a cell phone a car and a stock account.
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:03:35
I never claimed to be a good investor. No, I do not claim to be Warren Buffet, if you were miscommunicated into me implying that. I specifically pointed out I was very bad at the start and improved along the way.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:17:59
What is the Jew Agenda?
Have you ever heard of the term "othering people". This sounds a lot like it.
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:15:29
Welp, as an autistic adult living with a disability, I've been told I'm inherently shitty at a lot of endeavors I've tried. Nothing like keeping the streak alive and telling me I'm also a shitty investor as well, on top of everything else I'm shitty at.
@_date: 2019-07-12 11:28:52
I want to make a comment. I've been a bitcoin fan since June of 2017...technically I first owned them, 6 of yhem no less in October of 2016 briefly. I had no idea what they were and sold theem quickly without a single idea they'd be worth 5 figures a few short years later.
I believe our government is ran by incompetents. I can baze this assertion alone off other Republicans statements. Gary Coh, Jim Mattis, Rex Tillerson, Paul Ryan. And on budgetary and fiscal matter...Bruce Bartlett. Not to mention John Boehner. Our government is ran by morons. And I think a lot of our economic power comes from previous administrations that were headed by people who weren't morons, FDR, Truman, Eisenhower, JFK, LBJ, I associate all those names with competent and level headed leadership for the most part...they all have their flaws.
But Americas track record on leadership has been very spotty lately. And I foresee a debt crisis down the road...and a collapse of the US Treasury bond rating...I don't know if we're going to honor our debt...I've heard a lot of argume ts against taxing our wealthy, our corporations, or super wealthy shareholders. Or even heirs of 8 figure millionaires children, including 9, 10, 11 and 12 figure millionaires and billionaires. And these people have BY FAR the most wealth and income there is to tax. And frankly I just don't see how it's possible to pay off a large portion of $25 trillion in debt without them.
And since that's th3 case, there is a chance US Treasury bonds will collapse as  safe haven for risk free loans, and maybe even the US Dollar as  reserve currency..
And since that's the case and I have no reason to believe why not...I'm dumping a lot of my USD assets and things which has valued tied to the performance of our country's economy and putting them into crypto assets.
So that's my $.02 or 2 satoshis.
@_date: 2017-12-07 10:59:38
I got into Bitcoin because I intend to use it to buy a nice sports car if it ever gains widespread adoption.
I've always been I to cars and racing. For me sitting in a super nice, fast, sports car is like wearing a nice new pair of Jordans, or fresh clothes. I feel really good when I do it. But I also know the financial advantages of hodling. I intend to buy a nice sports car in my 30s, I really don't want to be living a minimalist life style into my 40s just because of hodling is the financially correct thing to do. I have a limited time on this planet and I've already entered middle age which always seemed way off for most of my life.
I do try to limit my materialism to the best I can, past cars and shoes, most material possessions aren't super important for me. If I inherit my parents estate, my house probably wouldn't be super nice or big
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:45:44
Translation...wealthy people..captains of industry. Your side advocates for borrowing a $1 trillion a year against the US Treasury to make it so Amazon pays literally less taxes than I do as a truck driver. 
You're basically a useful idiot here, for the wealthy.
@_date: 2019-07-20 06:45:19
I use to be a bottom tier low level drug dealer (marijuana nothing hardcore or potentially fatal, I considered myself a conscientious objector to the war on drugs and was doing my part to undermine it) ...we used $USD.
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:16:26
I assume you believe your shit don't stink, am I right? You sure like to point out to others that their shit stinks. You got a knack for it.
@_date: 2017-12-03 16:25:30
Gold has been a form of currency for Homo Sapiens going back at least 6,000 years, maybe longer but hard to tell since there isn't much recorded history over 6,000 years ago.
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:07:04
Clearly you failed to read the part in my posting where I specifically admit that was a mistake. Don't need to tell me shit I already know, buddy.
I'd wager your shit stinks in other areas of your life, while you're pointing it out to others.
@_date: 2017-12-02 14:04:43
Tell you what buddy you become the next Warren Buffet and then I'll listen to your investment advice. You're the next Oracle from Omaha after all, right?
@_date: 2019-07-19 05:50:53
Well my dad for all my life had a Masters in business and minor in accounting. He is qualified to teach macro and microeconomics on a college. I'm his son. He passed his wisdom down to me, he's qualified while I'm not.
@_date: 2017-12-21 23:58:25
It's a shitpost relax, I'm not gonna sell
@_date: 2017-12-14 05:31:09
Ask him to short bitcoin if he believes it's such a fraud.
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:47:18
There's a lot of non-career politicians who maintain Trump is a moron and a piece of shit too. His lawyer recorded most of his conversations with the man because he believed that he couldn't trust him. 
The man who ghost wrote The Art of the Deal, a writer, says that he is an awful man and really not that good as a business man despite his reputation.
There's a cadre of people who have met him, worked with him, served under him and say "yo, this guys a piece of shit and you shouldn't trust him".
All I'm saying is your assessment of Trump and his character could be wrong here. There's definitely a bench full of people who have met the man who don't want to be associated with him.
@_date: 2019-07-12 13:57:50
They're authoritarians. They value blind fealty to dear leader, that is how they measure each other's character...anyone who criticizes dear leader must be an enemy, instead of actually having valid criticisms. They regularly eschew the expertise and advice of experts in their field in favor of some guy who claims he has all the answers to all the problems in life.
It's a bit like a cult at this point. My Canadian friend was front line infantry in Afghanistan,  ran into some of these types of Americans...said he found their world view absolutely "mind boggling".
There's this book out there called "the Ugly American" I suspect this is the kind of American it's describing, although I haven't read it yet.
@_date: 2017-12-08 15:21:28
I thought that was the 4th amendment. 5th amendment is one does not have to criminalize one's self when answering questions.
@_date: 2017-12-02 07:13:32
No one bats a thousand. One error in investing does not make me a bad investor.
I've taken 100% losses on assets by buying and holding. Why I wanted to cash out before that could happen again. I'm fine at investing, made over 100% profit in the last 3 months. Made 30% last year in traditional investing.  Talking shit on my investing, you know what you do what the fuck you want with your money, and I'll do what the fuck I want with my money. At least I'm not blowing it on payday loans and scratch offs. I drive by that payday loan place in a neighborhood over, and that place is packed, people think they're making solid investments taking out short term high apr loans over there or something.
Whole reason I have any money at all is because I generally saved money my entire life.
@_date: 2017-12-21 04:33:24
I can't do fucking coinbase any longer. I had a good time with it, I don't know the whole story of why everyone is ditching it now, but I do know that if the community at large says coinbase is fucking me over on my 5 figure bitcoin holdings, then best not to do business with that company anymore.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:32:12
Right and in retaliation whites genocided them hard right? Seems justified.
Under Trump more people hate the United States and they're losing influence in the world. You're marginalizing yourselves ac4oss the entire globe here...and I consider that a good thing.
When it comes to global affairs, I guess we could both agree the America you guys represent, other countries are figuring out they just need to shut your kind out of the conversation entirely.
@_date: 2019-07-12 14:47:36
I got nothing to worry about, my  family has plenty of cash to insulate ourselves from the infighting amongst the plebians.
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:10:52
I'm an autistic adult with a disability who lives with his parents.
@_date: 2017-12-08 16:36:24
Ok thanks for the correction. I knew there was more to the 5th than just self-incrimination, that's all it's known for. I really should read the constitution more often considering I have a degree and have taken classes in that field.
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:30:11
With how shitty this country is being ran, and borrowing another $1.5 trillion for tax cuts for the wealthiest of citizens in this country, even if over half my wealth is now in crypto, this country's fucked. I want to divorce as many assets as possible from $USD toilet paper bucks, with how fucked up the American government is ran.
@_date: 2017-12-02 13:06:59
Dude specifically told me not to invest. I've been investing for 10 years. DID I SAY I WAS WARREN BUFFET IN THIS THREAD? NO I DID NOT. I SPECIFICALLY pointed out I don't claim to be Warren Buffet, and I got criticized for that admission and told I should just not invest in anything, I should sit on a big stack of cash, and let IT ROT, instead, right? Well for that matter, I HAVE BEEN LETTING MY MONEY ROT! WHERE DO YOU THINK I GOT $4,000 TO BUY A BTC EARLIER THIS YEAR? SITTING ON A BIG STACK OF CASH DOING NOTHING FOR ME, THAT'S WHERE. I just said 3 months of bitcoin has exceeded 10 years of the stock market ok? I just said that my time investing in bitcoin has netted me more than 10 years in the market. Most of that time I had no income too.
@_date: 2017-12-06 10:20:57
US has a horribly corrupt government these days. Why I've been dumping my $USD toilet paper bucks and converting them into Bitcoin. Matter of time before the corruption and fiscal irresponsibility of the past 36 years catches up with the $US dollar, and US Treasury Bonds.
@_date: 2019-11-24 16:40:10
Quotation from page 6: "The number of papers rejecting AGW [Anthropogenic, or human-caused, Global Warming] is a miniscule proportion of the published research, with the percentage slightly decreasing over time. Among papers expressing a position on AGW, an overwhelming percentage (97.2% based on self-ratings, 97.1% based on abstract ratings) endorses the scientific consensus on AGW.”
Did your parents raise you to believe that becoming a bald face liar who spreads propaganda and misinformation is a positive personal quality to have? You got debunked again dude.
@_date: 2019-11-24 16:36:31
Im calling your RT sources junk science, same as your badly reviewed by her peers Jennifer Marahosey. And you really don't want to cite NASA, because they are not on your side on this issue.
"The current warming trend is of particular significance because most of it is extremely likely (greater than 95 percent probability) to be the result of human activity since the mid-20th century and proceeding at a rate that is unprecedented over decades to millennia." - NASA, got it right off their page
Brainwashed is right, Id wager you have a positive connotation with the words "Yellow Journalism".
@_date: 2019-11-24 14:52:51
I have a job...i have no time to deal with climate science equivalent of flat earthers.
You remind me of the guy I met who maintained the earth was flat, its all a hoax perpetuated by scientists...its an interesting narrative just like your story is, but objectively speaking it isnt true.
Get it together buddy.
@_date: 2019-11-21 17:49:07
I just bought $500 worth...any day its at a good low 6% down, I say its a good time to buy
@_date: 2019-11-24 16:01:18
Yellow Journalism actually helped fuel the Spanish Americsn War...it sells newspapers well, William Randolph Hearst figured that one out, because it abandons journalism ethics and pumps out sensationalist headlines such as "The vast majority of all climate scientists are wrong, the earth is in fact cooling".
This is Yellow Journalism...and you're falling for it hook, line, and sinker.
@_date: 2019-11-23 13:03:41
US military is predicting a military collapse due to increased global conflicts 20 years from now.
@_date: 2019-11-08 18:51:47
Id say for roughly the past 40 years the US Government due to a systemic problem within Washington DC itself, no longer valued fiscal responsibility. Since 1981 the US Government only balanced the budget about 4x as a percentage of GDP. The prevailing fiscal ideology was run a deficit during recessions, run a surplus during economic expansions. Now the policy for almost the past 20 years most recently was, no matter the economic climate, run a large deficit. We got record low unemployment, economically things aren't going to get much better than it is now, and we're posting up huge deficits anyways.
The government has the fiscal responsibility of a drug addict. 
It is because of this, as a lowly civilian, I'm seeking to dedollarize myself, even as a citizen of my own country.  
While the United States enjoyed a lot of good will across the world even amongst former WWII era foes after the end of hostilities from that war, there appears to be a rise of an authoritarian nationalism across the world, and foes and allies alike are starting to recognize the US as no longer predictable and acting more like a rogue state. With that in mind, they may start seeking to dedollarize themselves as using dollars as a reserve currency.
If bitcoin gains much more widespread adoption, I think it could act as a measure against governments being very irresponsible with their fiat issued currencies and maybe even how much debt they take out against their treasuries. Since its decentralized and has a hard cap on how many are issued, nations being very fiscally irresponsible will give citizens in those countries the option to simply dump their government issued fiat currency in favor of one that doesn't really have a centralized government or bank with control over it, rather it is entirely in the hands of miners and private individuals across the globe, and you can pretty much do everything with the internet these days in terms of making private purchases for your own sustenance. My last car I basically more or less bought it through the internet in fact.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:54:35
So this is a good article about Jennifer Marohosy...her findings were celebrated in popular Yellow Journalism outlets like Breitbart.com and Dailywire. Remember, these are media sources not known for strong journalism ethics, they are some of the most egregious practitioners of Yellow Journalism.
This passage is directly referring to the writers at Breitbart and Dailywire giving Jennifer Marahosey accolades for self reinforcing the beliefs of climate denialists/conspiracy theorists such as yourself.
"None of the writers bothered to ask a single other genuine climate scientist for their view on the paper.
I asked five. They variously summarised the research as “junk science” and seriously flawed. Oh dear.
Scientists including Dr Gavin Schmidt, director of the Nasa Goddard Institute for Space Studies; Prof Steven Sherwood, deputy director at the University of New South Wales climate change research centre; and Prof Piers Forster, director of the Priestley international centre for climate at the University of Leeds, have pointed out to me serious flaws and errors in the paper’s methodology.
It also appears that the lead author, the IPA’s John Abbot, claimed an academic affiliation to James Cook University that, according to that university, had expired more than six months before the research was submitted to the journal".
Here's another link about the paper she submitted
Her paper utilized cherry picking for example from data.
@_date: 2019-11-30 12:05:51
Like wut else? Ive had them since june of 2017 or so.
@_date: 2019-11-16 08:48:21
I hated Peter Schiff before I got into bitcoin. I thought the guy maliciously bad towards poor people.  He did some bit about how Walmart workers should NEVER be paid $15 an hour (the invisible hand of the free market should set your wages, God I hate that antiworker talking point). Actually I think I found out about him through a friend in poker, who was ridiculously free market, market fundamentalism really). And later on daily show picked up on him, sat him down for an interview and what should a mentally challenged adult make? And he said they couldndo janitorial work for $2 an hour. He used the word retarded, which is now a slur against these people. Made him look like a piece of shit to the masses, between the slur, and arguing $2 an hour is ok because of "the fulfillment of work". I was so like "man FUCK this guy".
My vision for bitcoin is it will gain more widespread adoption, but it will be a bit of a niche. But since people all over the world will accept bitcoin, even bitcoin atms in exchange for fiat, and its decentralized and tied to no government, it will sort of force governance to be more responsible with their fiscal affairs instead of printing off endless debt and currency, since the masses can just buy bitcoin for transactions if they perceive their governments to be totally fiscally irresponsible with their finances and their currency. Similar thing to how we see people in smaller countries with hyper inflated currencies are adopting bitcoin. The dollar getting knocked off its pedestal and the world questioning what is the new reserve currency if not the dollar, without a dominant one in place yet, bitcoin will further risetl the ranks as a valid place to park your money in the interrim when unsure.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:55:25
So basically what Ive done in these posts is establish you utilizing junk science to self reinforce your flawed views. This is why you should not expect me or any scientifically literate person to take you seriously.
@_date: 2019-11-30 01:23:59
I think they do stress...the idea that taxes could stop the wealthiest 400 from growing wealth and instead constantly losing wealth to fund stupid shit like infrastructure, affordable college, affordable healthcare, funding our government and paying down the debt, anti-guillotine insurance really...that stresses them out.
@_date: 2019-11-30 01:17:41
The only nonbitcoin I hold is Bitcoin cash because I got it before the fork...I don't mind having a single shitcoin within my possession I guess.
@_date: 2019-11-25 06:08:39
Technically all the bitcoins in the world are worth roughly what Bezos or Bill Gates is worth...currently. That would make it excessively easy for a few individual oligarchs and plutocrats to manipulate its price I would think.
I forget what pump and dump schemes, couldn't a bunch of wealthy oligarchs buy a bunch of a bitcoins, create a bunch of hub bub around them, then dump them all at the same time, the asset crashes, ordinary peons take it in the shorts, craters out, then buy em all up again and repeat ad naseum?
In terms of economic regulations bitcoin was like the Wild West in its early days.
Damn I wish I held more cash in reserve right now...I bought 2 days ago at $7500, I thought that was a good price. Technically I have a little bit more but I really want to finish paying this stupid car loan off fast around January, no holiday bonuses this year too.
@_date: 2019-11-25 03:51:25
Their population is aging, as a whole they are well past working years.
Hikikomori is a thing, 500,000 prime working age adults absolutely sidelining themselves from the economy, this number is expected to grow.
Then the workers that remain often have to work 100 hours a week, that props the economy up for less workers, but I imagine anyone who does that type of work for years on end...well you can see why Hikikomori would become a thing.
Their debt is skyhigh...a lot of bears who short bonds by Japan scratch their heads confused why this excessive debt hasn't collapsed yet, I'd have to read more into it, ideally this debt level is totally unsustainable.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:33:00
What because I dont repeat denialist conspiracy theory talking points verbatim? What's there to discuss? You're not a fact oriented person, so if facts don't line up with the narrative you have your personal identity tied up with, you're going to disregard them.
Anyways I posted a link to NASA, they actually study the climate as part of their missions in space, they have a lot of answers on there, and they don't ssy denying the existence of human caused climate change is the best method of combatting it.
@_date: 2019-11-04 04:44:36
hey....I dumped quite a large amount of $USD into bitcoin on the upper end of its earlier bull run...so I'm now eating a loss. I don't care. When I bought the bitcoins I said "I'm buying these because of how I think they'll do 5-10 years from now, not 6-12 months from now).
My goal is if I can be a wealthiest 1% anywhere, hey how about a wealthiest 1% of people who possess bitcoin?
My most recent purchase was for $1,000 at $8,000 so at least on that one I'm turning a profit. My first original purchase intentional and to hold one was roughly $4,000.
I don't like how my country, the US, conducts its fiscal affairs. I think it runs its fiscal budgeting like a freaking drug addict. Tax cuts don't pay for themselves. And the world is now questioning is the US the good guys? Do we have a shared vision here? Not with at least our Western Democratic allies. 
The threat of a big recession is in the cards, consumer spending saved it this most recent fiscal quarter. We learned effing nothing from the Great Recession, no major regulations were passed, iirc, Dodd-Frank got gutted. And the Treasury Bond and the chances of us paying down the debt like we did post WWII looks exceedingly low IMO right now. I think the outlook of this country next 10 20 years is pretty bad, and then there's global warming, it's a snowball, we feeling the effects now, but it's a positive feedback loop, it will continue to get worse.
@_date: 2019-11-24 13:03:39
Nope, that's not true, not even remotely.
Denialism of human caused climate chsnge is a psychological defense mechanism against a very uncomfortable truth.
@_date: 2019-11-24 16:49:44
Pentagon also recognizes the threat of global warming. We're a global military power. So are our colonels and 3 and 4 star generals morons too?
What do you want dude? You are so badly misinformed.
Your parents raised you to believe that being a "bald faced liar" in life is a positive personal quality. All you do is spew easily debunked lies, that or you're a weak minded fool who is easily swayed by Yellow Journalism.
You can't expect me to take you seriously. Go back to your conspiritard websites and tell them how badly you owned me, alright, call it a day, because like I said your personal identity is so tied in conspiritard lies as a major component of who you are as a person, that you're going to shoot down every fact I show you, RT is yellow journalism, NASA does not back your views, and Jennifer Marahosey, her peers say her research is poor and cherry picked, and junk science for that matter.
Not all PHD holders are ethical, my college professor had us look up junk articles by Scientists that sowed disinformation among the public, even though upon peer review they were found to have been badly performed studies, or there was a conflict of interest like a company asking a trusted PHD holder to get a desired result out of a paper they submit, and the ramifications of disinformation these articles had on the public.
I'm done. Go spew your lies to someone else. This conversation is going nowhere just as I accurately said it would at the outset. Your personal identity is caught up in your Yellow Journalism beliefs, you will not let a random redditor like me explain how you have been entirely wrong in your beliefs on this issue probably for several years at this point.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:26:48
Nasa is brainwashing us? Kind of like how scientists like Sir Issac Newton brainwashed us with the scientific field of physics right?
@_date: 2019-11-11 13:51:55
I'm not arguing with you in this post...this is good faith discussion, don't misconstrue it for anything else, I learned from your post and I might add a bit that's all, I'm not arguing back at you we are on the same page.
There are several alternatives to the minimum wage. Basic Income, Negative Income Tax (We do this to some extent with EITC), strong collective bargaining rights...I think there might be one I'm neglecting here.
But the Peter Schiff crowd, from what I've seen balk at ALL of those alternatives. And the most powerful political party closest to their economics do as well. 
They don't believe in a basic income...they don't believe in collective bargaining, basically when Republicans run things they try to kill unions and they've largely been successful as massively crippling most unions except maybe police. And we do have EITC but it appears to largely only benefit poverty stricken families...single adults are just sol on that one. And make no mistake, poverty stricken families do have mouths to feed, but single low income working adults aren't doing well either,however in 2017, 26 million FAMILIES redeemed that benefit, but for me personally I'm an ugly mofo to womankind, so for me it's not an option...and I work a job that wouldn't qualify me for EITC anyways because it pays relatively good if I work super hard and super long hours, 168 hours week in essence.
For me personally, I want widespread collective bargaining, I want as a worker, a seat at the table on how the profits are distributed, and standards in the work place that benefit the worker. I'm doing the leg work, I never have time to myself, and yes I will be changing my employer, but essentially, I live to work, I don't work to live, there is NO free time with this job, OTR mega carrier trucker if you want to make a quote unquote "decent" living.
But there is just so many different programs for poor and close to minimum wage working adults, I just sort of assume on most matters, they are going to be hostile to everything that helps those people, I generally bat well going in with that mindset talking to Peter Schiff types.
It's one thing to be opposed to minimum, and rally the political party that is behind this opposition to a good alternative, but my observations for the most part, is they oppose close to everything, I'm talking as a collective, even if a scant few support a legit alternative to minimum wage like collective bargaining, the other majority of guys in that crowd will come out just as hardcore against that solution as raising the minimum wage.
@_date: 2019-11-11 09:10:21
This is the same guy who said retards should be paid...exploited really, for $2 an hour, and heavily made fun of the idea of Walmart workers, our largest private employer in America being paid $15 an hour, now to put that in perspective our largest employer in America in 1963 was GM and low skill UAW workees made inflation adjusted to 2013 $50 an hour wages...because he believes a poverty stricken work force who work full time and cant afford basic things like healthcare, higher education and housing without heavy tax payer assistance is "good" in his view....this guys economics are fucked. He is an advocate for super wealthy oligarchs and super poor American workers. Even before bitcoin I said fuck this guy.
There really is no excuse for American Walmart workers being paid this bad...the Waltons are extremely wealthy, one of the Waltons bought a 1957 Ferrari Testarossa to add to his huge collection of exorbitantly priced collector cars, and the difference between the cost of that car vs his wealth, was to you or me, like bending over to pick up a penny...in essence. So there's no excuse here, and Peter Schiff from what I've gathered is a shitty excuse for a human being, he is a soulless, mindless, unempathetic autanamoton. His entire economics is about spreading poverty among peons far and wide, and if he doesn't that happening, he gets upset and heavily criticizes it.
He is correct to view Bitcoin as a threat, because people are starting to say fuck the exploitative status quo under fiat money and endless deficits, and the current banking system for that matter.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:03:23
Tell me...what other conspiracy theories you read into? Usually it you buy one, there are a couple others.
@_date: 2019-11-02 08:01:26
One thing I like about bitcoin is its total decentralization, no government has a monopoly on this, no bank, and you can't just print off more bitcoins, by 2032 IIRC 98.4% of bitcoins are unlocked, the rest they'll be fighting over til 2140.
Suppose there was a government, a powerful country, with a total lack of corruption, selfless interests for the people, true public servants running its institutions, and a reserve currency of the world...yea you know, they're the good guys. Maybe that's a government I wouldn't mind my hypothetical smaller country holding its reserves with. I like to think...not counting Vietnam and Central America, Cuba and Chile... and the Middle East, Iran...Christ this is getting long, that the US had a post-WWII good will towards them as a country who had the better idea, the better vision going forward. We had a direct hand in helping rebuilding our former foes, Japan turned into the 2nd largest economy in the world with a bit of help from us. 
They were the good guys (well, like I said if you're from any of those countries mentioned I totally understand where you're coming from in regards to difference of opinion here, you can lecture me hard on this one). We had a shared ideals. After 9/11, America took a decisively sour turn in world affairs, and it has the countries asking, are these people the same as the Post-WWII good guys who defeated the Nazis and defended us from Authoritarian Communism? Seems to me the worst side of America is its Neoconfederates, and they are essentially running our government now. We don't really see eye to eye with the other countries, the Western Democracies at minimum anymore, and if their countries reserves are tied to the $dollar, they fall under our jurisdiction on several issues. Fuck it, dump the dollar then, dump the $US Treasury bonds that we only paid down a bit 4x in the past 39 years. But what takes its place? The Yuan? The Ruble? The Yen? Euro maybe? I dunno maybe state issued fiat just isn't the way to go.
 If a non-reserve currency fiat takes the dollar off its pedestal, it may not be bitcoin...but I think such a stark reorder in currencies of the world, the $dollar being removed from its pedestal, the petrodollar obviously, that it would be more heavily measured against bitcoin. Bitcoin is not issued by a government, it doesn't answer to politicians whether changing of the guard of Western Democracy politicians, or Authoritarian leaders of powerful countries like China, it's an internet money, totally decentralized, it's just not as corruptible if you will, since a government backed fiat, that government can drastically change from Presidential term to term and leader to leader. Short of thermonuclear WWIII the internet is here to stay, and if its not, we got FAR greater immediate problems than the undoing of the Internet. Frankly under an apocalyptic WWIII scenario, I'm not even sure, if you survived, if you held a shit ton of say Market traded gold reserves as opposed to bitcoin, that would be what you're most immediately worried about.
My $.02.
@_date: 2019-11-25 06:11:59
Basically what I just pointed out...except bitcoin has an excessively small market cap and value compared to those assets, essentially makes it much easier for a couple very wealthy individuals to manipulate in light of that.
@_date: 2019-11-24 00:13:06
The way global warming works is its a snowball effect. It just gets worse and worse. And a good 20 years out, people all over the world are going to be super fucking pissed since its likely there is going to be major crop shortates, sea level rise is going to be worse and producing more of an outsized effect on forcing humans to move inland, or due to heat, north. 
There's going to be starving, hungry masses, major competition for limited resources, it wouldnt surprise me if strong man nationalist authoritarians begin to rise up across the world. Mass migration due to the climate will cause some to make useless appeals to nativist citizens about "preserving their culture".
Anyways yea, our military budget fat as it is, doesn't really seem suited to putting out fires all across a way more pissed off globe than it does now.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:34:58
Anyways you can read it here. Denying the existence of human caused climate change is not a valid method of mitigating its impact, sorry to say.
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:21:42
I dont know wut your graphs are illustrsting "heatwave magnitude"....ok...so that's weather related? Not climate.
I mean you don't really expect people to take you seriously right?  You might need to find a pool of self reinforcing climate denialists to have any kind of a discussion.
I watch a scene from the film called Behind the Curve, its about the flat earthers, and they set up an experiment to illustrate the earth is flat, shining a light across several miles, if the earth is flat, then the light will shine straight through this thing the other guy is holding way down on the other end, if its curved the guy would need to hold it several feet above his head, light doesn't shine straight through, so he raises it above his and the light shines through illustrating the earth is curved...it was all caught on camera. Then the flat earther has to go into mental gymnastics why it was wrong and the earth was really flat. 
I mean I dunno, people believe what they want to believe regardless of whether its true or not. 
But Im a fact oriented person, I believe what I believe because Im going off of objective facts. So that being my position, you can't expect someone like me to take you seriously.
The tobacco industry also use to deny the harmful effects of smoking, not unlike the fossil fuel industry on climate change.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:17:59
Thanks, I decided against buying the ETF for now. I got $4,100 of my money plugged away into actual bitcoins, at this point, and on such a high risk/volatile asset, I don't think it would be wise to expand my position...yet.
Currently of my total wealth, my bitcoin accounts for 20% or so.
@_date: 2017-08-08 09:54:50
Yea she doesn't mind me putting money diversified across several stocks. I own more than 1 stock in 1 company Right now my account is too NASDAQ heavy which is why I'm trying to find an excuse to dump my AMZN.
Despite the heightened risk of single companies, if you hold several across several sectors it's not that bad, and with the extra risk, comes the greater reward. I've done tremendously well over these past 365 days, albeit no where near as good as Bitcoin has.
@_date: 2017-08-08 07:57:31
And by 3 days ago, I mean 3 trading days ago.
@_date: 2017-08-08 13:18:17
Accounts gone up 40% this year, so I'll let my portfolio do my talking for me if that's ok.
Edit: That's without Bitcoin either btw, I just got into Bitcoin a month ago, and it's not even part of my portfolio.
@_date: 2019-11-30 01:21:25
Saw a pawnsta4s where the guy sold $100k of silver, had to drill into the metal to check the bars were solid siover and not silver with a lead core
@_date: 2019-11-24 15:43:56
So let me get this straight...you go to Russian media designed for Americans, that peddles disinformation conspiracy theories for your sources...
Do you expect me to take you seriously? You're buying into propaganda.
"Overall, we rate RT Questionable based on promoting pro-Russian propaganda, promotion of conspiracy theories, numerous failed fact checks and a lack of author transparency".
@_date: 2019-08-04 20:48:05
I reject the pity of a parasite. You are destroying my country, and are a traitor for that matter. Untermensch.
I pity you in the same way I pity the French Aristocracy during the French Revolution while going to the guillotine.
@_date: 2017-08-08 16:57:50
I didn't think about it that way until you mentioned it. After all it's technically a currency and not an investment. I suppose I could just look at it as a form of savings that is less likely to lose value with time than fiat dollars.
edit: I thumbed up your comment, you got me to look at it another way.
@_date: 2019-08-05 07:03:53
If 3 guys can figure out how to bust out of Alcatraz...we can figure out how to fuck a billionaires day up in a survival bunker
@_date: 2019-08-02 18:08:19
The best way to buy gold is a market depository GLD. That way buying and selling it only costs a trader fee. Having physical gold on hand, the spread eats your profit alive, even if gold shoots uo in value, the spread destroys a lot of your profit.
I've entertained buying a single kruggerand or gold eagle but that's about it.
Having physical gold on hand might be best in an apocalypse scenario lost power grid and electricity.
@_date: 2019-08-26 23:49:20
I said "technically" it can be done, it also has major downsides. But no one has an appetite for raising taxes, and cutting spending either.
I did not warrant a downvote btw.
@_date: 2019-08-16 08:50:39
I was talking about bitcoin at a table...I shit you not, this guy told me that if I mention bitcoin one more he's gonna knock me out of my chair...it's not like I was incessantly ranting about, it came up as a dinner conversation and I explained it and how to buy. I guess he thought it was a violently bad investment and didnt want his middle aged daughter buying into who seemed kind of curious. This was at the Tucson British Sportscar Club. I decided to do the guy a favor and not tell anyone except maybe my parents. He sorta half apologized, he fucking hates bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-08-03 20:09:06
Yes this is correct. If your billionaires are coalescing around building luxury doomsdsy bunkers, they expect a societal collapse, and don't expect to help.fix it, but ride out the apocalypse in luxury.
@_date: 2019-08-02 19:01:40
Why do I accept a fancy piece of cotton paper, that beyond face value, the materials is probably worth $.06 face value pennies, with pretty drawings on it as exchange for material assets and investments and capital, that our current corrupt government controls its entire decision making process on how many are produced and borrowed, and how many bonds are borrowed against our Treasury. Republicans especially have mainstreamed the popularity of fiscally incompetently ran US Government to win elections, talking to ordinary voting Americans is what really convinced me how fucked the fiscal future of this country is.
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:15:56
My mom's a very very low end multimillionaire, I can't convince her for the life of me to invest in bitcoin. I said fuck it, the Stewart family is gonna own bitcoin and I'll do it if no one else is
@_date: 2019-08-02 22:01:49
We had the wwii debt pretty much paid off by 1981. Between 1981 and 2019, we have only balanced the budget 4x. There was a fiscal ideological change, between 1946-1981, and 1981 to 2019...whatever that change was, needs to be destroyed.
Scrap the whole system, whatever takes its place will be fiscally unsustainable so long as this horrible fiscal ideology that took place between 81 and 2019 exists.
@_date: 2019-08-03 10:01:03
Corporations make large donations to politicians campaigns, politicians give them huge tax breaks, and then they tell plebians we can't afford healthcare for 9/11 first responders anymore in the interest of fiscal responsibility.
@_date: 2019-08-04 18:22:17
Yoir ideas are best for looking out for the best interests of a moneyed oligarchy. I'm giving you that. You're very good at looking out for your own kind. I'm a worker, your ideas don't fucking work for me. Thst is what I'm trying to communicate. You are not a benevolent selfless moneyed overseer. You are just as susceptible to being greedy and corrupt, as opposed to looking out for tue best interests of the people of the United States as a whole.
You know shat I care about? Not fscing bankruptcy if I got sick or injured. Why doesn't our milli9naire congress fix this?
@_date: 2019-08-02 18:55:30
We call all non-bitcoin cryptos "shitcoin". Bitcoin ks like the reserve crypto currency that the other cryptos would be measured against. It doesn't even necessarily need to maintain 50%+ dominance to retain its reserve cryptocurrency status and dominance, the bitcoins are the best, I don't foresee that changing, it also has the widest spread adoption.
@_date: 2019-08-04 20:39:47
I must say you are one of the most misersble sons of bitches I have ever had the displeasure of meeting. I don't really care to even share a country with "your kind". We are only fellow americans in name only. rI'm not trying to offend you, I am just being honest, and honesty is a positive personality trait. If you were my son, I would disown you. I believe your parents have brought you up to believe that society should be ran in a manner where only the wealthiest of the wealthy benefit, and us working stiffs need to be grateful for our crumbs. That is not an indictment of you, so much as an indictment of your very upbringing itself, how you were raised.
The wealthy will not support a healthcare system that we can afford.. they will nkt support ending mass incarceration. They are against raising our wages, Nd actively seeking to reduce them. If you do not like me, a person of your caliber, I would say I'm on the correct path in life, and I consider it a compliment. You are an enemy of these United States. Kleptocrats by default tend to be wealthy. Men in the mafia were also very wealthy.
Presumably you have a positive connotation with the words "kleptocracy, plutocracy, and oligarchy".
As for the debt, basically you move the goal posts so no one balances the budget by your measure, and you can lay claim that your trash , treasonous, destructive ideology on taxes and the debt are not as destructive to this country as it is.
You are a horse and sparrow theory supporter.
@_date: 2019-08-02 21:01:29
Wwii was the last time we had a debt this high, and we paid it off. I agree with your statement so long as tax cuts for the wealthy are in place. Tax cuts have to be repealed, with tax cuts in place, not a prayer. That is where we agree.
Without political will to pay it off like we had post wwii, it's not getting paid off.
At bare minimum we should try....other generations in the past figured out how to pay down huge debt. And they did not do it by passing huge tax cuts on the wealthy or corporations.
Ideally we should be on the same page of attempting to stop societal collapse, but we're not.
@_date: 2019-08-03 22:22:34
My game's about to start. Right off the bat:
Every post WWII Democratic President except Obama left office with less debt than they inherited. Republicans haven't fielded a Republican who finished a term of office with less debt than they inherited since 1973.
As a percentage of your income, what did you pay for the whole year? I pay 20% roughly. Not  of dollars, percentage of income. I guarantee you're not gonna tell me that. Because that collapses your whole fucking point.
Spending on who? Corporate welfare? Military industrial complex? Tell me who's spending needs to be curtailed. Who's gonna get fucked under your idea?
@_date: 2019-08-03 03:45:57
That's why we don't measure debts in  of dollars. We measure against their gdp output as an economy. % of gdp they were both similar.
@_date: 2019-08-04 18:04:46
Measuring debt against economic output is the best way to measure debt, it's pretty much how they do it. Engaging in a measure of debt outside thst norm puts you in some weird cstegory of people who have a non standard measure of measuring debt.
Frankly, I don't think you're  arguing in good fsith here. If we use measuring debt against economic out put, your republicans look like fucking trash, because they are fucking trash. That's your issue with it, because it makes your political stances on taxes and debt, look fucking stupid, and down right malicious.
@_date: 2019-08-23 06:45:59
Glad I bought bitcoin instead of shitcoin
@_date: 2019-08-02 18:33:35
We're at full employment...and still borrowing $1 trillion a year. Ok so that should never happen. Except for WWII we've never had full employment and huge deficits. What it says is our Treasury bonds are built on a house of cards. They're future junk status bonds. One way to tackle this huge debt, print off several $trillion. That's going to piss off everyone holding $USD as their reserve currency.
US Treasury Bonds are a ponzi scheme, we now borrow more, just to pay off previous debts. As a country we're like halfway into the Bernie Madoff scheme hefore its total collapse.
The fiscal situation is so fucked....to me $USD and Treasury bonds are toilet paper bucks. 
I ask people, how do we pay this debt down? By 2027, just the interest payments alone are going to be higher than the defense budget, it's gonna consume like $1 in $5 tax dollars.
Here are the answers I get. We can't tax our wealthy. We can't tax our shareholders. We can't tax people with huge inheritance. We can't tax corporations. The ones who hold by far the most in society, money and wealth assets, are off limits for contributing to paying the debt down. What's that leave? Workers. And poor people lose any gaurantee of a social safety net, including being able to see doctors.
And our workers, we're doing fine in light of full employment l. But there WILL be a recession. Things will not always remain in this state of affairs. Even at their wealthiest, I'm routinely told our wealthiest are off limits for paying the debt down.
This fiscal house in this country, is now built on a god damn hoise of cards. The fiscal situation in this country is very dire, but shtf has not happened, but I believe it will.
People should not loan to our country, we don't believe in balancing our budget as a society.
One other note, lower our rates now, reduces our ability to respond to a recession. Bond yields are inverted, people are expecting a recession soon, a d we've just reduced our ability to respond to recessions...and I just said people should not loan money to us, and we can't tax our wealthy.
@_date: 2019-08-03 19:29:41
What kind of dialogue? You're going to go to a different country, and if you don't like it you'll wish you had?
Some people like to believe  White is the default American, truth is a significant portion of our Whites don't even have pre-civil war roots, a lot of say, Black Americans do for example.
When I hear some people trash talk multiculturalism in this country, I ask "what's the solution to this?" And I don't know what a solution would look like without ethnic cleansings, apartheid or outright genocide. They don't really like to talk about the way to fix this multiculturalism "problem".
@_date: 2019-08-03 21:57:24


Republicans are friends of responsible fiscal affairs? We're talking about the same party that has not fielded a President who finished a term of office, with less debt than they inheirted since Nixon's first term.That term ended in January 1973. I'm not the one who needs lectured on fiscal responsibility. it's actually Republicans.
As a truck driver, I make more money than a good significant portion of American workers. And you seem to imply that eliminating 3 million middle class jobs from the economy for automation, would be a good idea right? So automation is essentially going to add 3 million more poor families to the country, right? You think that's a good idea. Because us truck drivers, we do tend to be the bread winners in our households. You're calling for more poor families in society, eliminating middle class jobs.
I pay more than my fair share. Mitt Romney on $20 million in income, stated he pays 13%. Boy it'd be nice if taxes only took 13% out of my check, I pay close to 20%, at best I get a $1,000 return on $55,000 in income. You know you're right, you've convinced me taxes aren't good. So what you're saying is, I could be paying less in taxes, if Romney and Amazon's paid more, right? Shift more tax burden onto them, and then I can pay less myself, that's how we lower our taxes...yea don't confiscate wealth...well the wealthy have no right to bitch about taxes, because they're already paying a far lower portion of their earnings in taxes, than I am while making profoundly more money than me. Not to mention sales taxes as a percentage of people's incomes, takes a larger chunk out of my disposable income than a wealthy person's. Gasoline tax too. My taxes on wages, are higher than capital gains too. It's funny, they act like taxes are this poison, and they have not a fucking clue...working class people pay a lot more taxes as a percentage of their income than they do, while earning a lot less. If they truly are selfless benevolent moneyed overseers, we need lower taxes on workers, not wealthy people.
Yes, as a percentage of my income, if what Mitt Romney stated was true, I do pay more taxes than my fair share, my life is more impacted by taxes, than his. I also pay more taxes than he would on say capital gains.
Tell me if this market is so great, why are we still borrowing 4% GDP against our treasury? What that says is, you're gonna agree with me here, it is IMPOSSIBLE run a good economy, without huge deficit spending. And if we're borrowing in the best of times, as well as the worst, the $USD and the US Treasury bonds are built on a house of cards. It's going to collapse, and it's going to be pretty dramatic here. Maybe a societal collapse even.
@_date: 2019-08-03 19:37:08
Yes I've heard that line...it's bullshit. It's a line they use to convince ordinary Americans that their ideas are actually good for them. It's horseshit. These are fucking thieves running our government and fiscal and tax policy. They belong in prison, but they're not in prison, nor worried about going to prison, which is why they get off with so much blatant corruption and theft from society.
For example, 1952 wasn't a horrible year for business. Corporations contributed 33% to federal revenues. In fact for the 50's we were an economic giant. And corporations were giving in 33% of federal revenues. Now, before the tax cuts and jobs act, we were getting 9% federal revenues from corporations. I'm a truck driver, I literally contribute more tax dollars than Amazon, and 59 other corporations combined.
GHWB was 100% correct to call Reaganomics "voodoo economics". His statement was essentially saying "this guys ideas are gas lighting horseshit". He's still correct on that statement roughly 40 years past the RNC primary for the 1980 Presidential election.
I've heard this line, it's horseshit. It is an attempt to make their corrupt oligarchy and theft from the American people and their government seem good for them. These are bad faith actors, just our Republicans alone, have all signed a pledge to Never raise taxes under ANY circumstances" a pledge created by Grover Norquist. Grover Norquist has stated thst his entire goal is making our government so weak you can drown it in the bathtub. This guy is a motherfucking traitor, and one half of our of our politicians are totally in his pocket.
Let's put it this way, a totally bankrupt fiscally insolvent US Government isn't good for jobs either, debt crises is not good for American jobs and American workers.
@_date: 2019-08-03 22:16:49
You're right, I create a fraction of a job on a burger purchase btw...so essentially you're arguing increase workers wages, more money, they also create more jobs, right? This argument of yours is essentially, we need to pay our workers better, there are a lot more workers than 9 figure millionaires. You want to help us workers create more jobs as consumers, pay us better then. 30 years of stagnant wages for workers, you're gonna agree with me here, was a retarded idea. Like I said, my household uses just as much toilet paper as a wealth person's household. Wealthy don't buy profoundly larger amounts of toilet paper in their homes than I do.
@_date: 2019-08-03 12:24:00
How would a medical bill make someone conservative? I'm told by conservstives that there's nothing we can do about the constantly increasing costs of medicsl care here. Spending 17% of our GDP on healthcare, unlike pretty much every other country, that's the only system we can do. We can't change the system, so we have caravans of Americans going to Canada for affordable prescription drugs and caravans of Americans going to Mexico for affordable dentists.
I don't know what their solution is. They tell me we cant do Canada's, Obamacare's bad, and I don't see them lining up behind healthcare models in other countries like Netherlands, UK, Japan and so on and so forth. I understand they want to repeal the ACA, but I've yet to see them roll out a plan that costs less, gives better healthcare and covers more Americans.
Rand Paul said it himself, we're not in a fiscal spot to give 9/11 responders healthcare,  the wealthiest country in the world, and if we're so bad off that we cant  even coalesce around giving 9/11 responders healthcare, essentially no one really deserves healthcare in our society, you get sick or injured you're fucked unless you sign your house away or declare medical bankruptcy after receiving your medical.bill.
You're right, $5,000 medicalnbill for an 8 hoir stay is ridiculous. What country on planet earth right now, is running a healthcare system similar to what the Republican Party envisions, is affordable, provides good healthcare to at minimummost of its citizenry, doesn't squander 17% of GDP a year, and isn't quote unquote "socialism". Also I've noticed they don't like Medicare and Medicaid either. It just appears they don't like any fucking healthcare systems, namely because most of them aren't actively in dire need of a doctor while they're talking about this topic.
@_date: 2019-08-22 03:47:32
In this country, Indefinite internment for migrants at the border is called centrism, and a healthcare system compared to other Western Democracies and developed countries is called Leninism
@_date: 2019-08-03 12:38:22
So the fact that this country is multicultural, a melting pot, and has been for centuries is bad, how do we fix this, thst doesn't involve oppression of minorities here, genocide or ethnic cleansings?
Is it possible to make America into a homogeneous White country without ethnic cleansings or genocide? Forced removal? 
A lot of Black citizens and hispanics, Muslims. I looked up Richard Spencer, he said we need a "peaceful ethnic cleansing" he cites Turkey and the Balkans as his example iirc, Paris peace agreement in 1919. But bear in mind, Richard Spencer who also disdains multiculturalism, and is a neonazi and said the Altright shoild "party like its 1933" the Same year Hitler came to power when Trump was elected, I don't really think this guy running an ethnic cleansing in this country is gonna be that peaceable about it, despite his proclamations. Best I can tell the leaders of this idea of a hatred of multiculturalism, a significant portion of them are Reinhard Heydrich's ideological children, and if they get to work on making the country homogeneous, it sure as shit won't be peaceful....very likely taking the minorities out back and mowing them down and burying them in a mass grave and throwing lyme on top.
@_date: 2019-08-03 21:17:58
Everytime I buy a burger, I create. ajob. When I get my car repaired, I create a job. If consumers don't have disposable income to purchase things, businesses go under. If I don't have disposable income I dont make rent so landlord gets fucked, I can't buy groceries that keeps my grocer in business, as a consumer I create jobs, this is a consumer economy, our consumers are key to jobs, never ignore the consumer, they tend to be workers and they tend to need disposable income to make more purchases. I use just as much toilet paper in my household as a wealthy person's household. We're the one's who create demand, and economies are both supply and demand. When consumers don't have money, they don't buy stuff, businesses go under, and dont have employees.
Look we got a $1 trillion deficit this year. The debt is around $22 trillion. Next years deficit is $1 trillion at least. We're on a fiscslly unsustainable path. Who should pay this fucking debt off? Who? Obviously Amazon isn't they're paying fucking $0 in federal taxes. Ok so we can't tax amazon or businesses like them. Can we tax the wealthy? You're gonna say no right? Can we tax shareholders? Businesses need investment, can't tax them right. What about heirs of huge fortunes? I'm told that's a death tax, so they're off limits. What's that fucking leave? Workers and poor people. We're the fucking ones expected to pay this debt off, right? All $22 trillion. We're the one's with the least amount of money, and we're the one's who are gonna get kicked in the fucking teeth on this. Fuck that shit, fuck that stupid idea. No I reject your fucking idea and kleptocratic vision for this country.
@_date: 2019-08-02 20:08:15
Without a drastic and dramatic reduction in living standards the working class and poor can't put a dent in this debt either. Bottom 90% of Americans have about as much wealth assets as the wealthiest .1%. If the wealthy won't help pay it off, yea this ship is sinking. Because withoit the wealthy, there's not really much left out there, with economic inequality in its current state.
There's just no way to pay off this muhc in debt without the wealthy. They proverbially have all the money and wealth in society.
The problem with Obama was he inherited a fiscal imbeciles mess. And unfortunately he gkt the blame for it. GWB was no friend of fiscal responsibility either, his tax cuts passed in 01 and 03 repeatedly proved themselves as failures to balance the budget. As soon as the first GWB tax cut passed, America never balanced another budget. As a society we value fiscal incompetence as a virtue.
@_date: 2019-06-24 16:03:12
4 weeks ago, I had done basically what the author stated, held onto my previous bitcoin (wasn't much, more than 1, less than 2) and wait til the next bullmarket.
I was in my 18 wheeler...we got time to pass, some of you might think this is kind of weird but occasionally I'll talk to myself. Shit I run 10 hour shifts just the driving part alone, got nothing bettee to do right?
I asked myself, how many hoises in this country are worth over $100,000 a piece. Generally a flat $100,000 hoise is a cheap ass house, but I'm just saying houses $100,000 and up. I estimated 40 million, mqybe 50 million. That means there are more $1000,000 houses in the US then bitcoins ever in existence the world over. And I made the decision to dump my money in...and a bit at a time, I am currently in that process.
@_date: 2019-06-30 00:05:33
United States and the planet would be profoundly better off if he had won, and instead of all that money squandered on private defense contractors was actually used to convert our power grid to clean energy.
I think going forward a lot of people are going to admit, they owe Al Gore an apology...shit, the South Park creators did it, to help rectify IMO their worst episode they ever made, the one mocking Al Gore and Global Warming.
@_date: 2019-06-24 15:53:54
Supply side economics is just rehashed Horse and Sparrow theory.
@_date: 2019-08-21 06:39:49
This is not Keynes. This is neoliberalism.
Look let's suppose there is an economic system that emphasizes consuners and workers. And one that emphasizes business owners and investors. Keynes emphasizes workers snd consumers. Reaganomics emphasizes robber barons and fsctory owners
 Reaganomics is Neoliberalism
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:14:26
@_date: 2017-11-24 11:04:19
I was entirely late to this party. Let's just officially start my Bitcoin timeline at October 1st of 2017, or perhaps in September. I bought my first Bitcoin for $4,000. I've since turned a 100% profit on that.
Here's what I'm hoping that even though I was late to the party, this could pay off exponentially over the next 10 years, even if I missed out the awesome ROI it had on it's first 10 years.
I had 1 BTC before the August 1st fork, before panic selling it during a major dip about a month later, so I also hold 1 BCH. I wasn't a seasoned veteran at Bitcoin at that point, and panicked during a big dip which was a major screw up on my part.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:20:13
To be fair, far right Neo-Nazis and Alt-Right people are retarded as well. Retarded ideas is not strictly limited to the left. I think it can easily be argued that the far right pizzagate conspiracy theory guy who walked into Comet Ping Pong armed with an AR15 'investigating' a child sex ring in the basement of a business that didn't even have a basement was retarded. He's serving prison time now because of his own dumbfuckery.
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:19:51
upvote, I forgot about that same idea also applies to other areas of the economy and not just bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:38:46
I've sat around and watched Bitcoin go up, and up, and up, and up, and up, for years entirely uninvested in it. This was the year I decided not to sit on the sidelines anymore. No risk =no reward.
We could be having this exact same conversation back when Bitcoin was $820 a Bitcoin, let alone $8200.
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:17:59
Chapdog your story makes me want to cry even if it wasn't my laptop or bitcoins
@_date: 2017-11-29 23:33:26
This is my third crash I've been through since I got in at June. Like an idiot I sold after the first, gawd damn that was stupid, but it taught me a very valuable lesson and I'll never make that fuck up again.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:10:18
Fuck Bitcoin roller coaster guy, I want Bitcoin Super saiyan guy.
@_date: 2017-11-18 19:27:23
Well you need to bear this in mind. What employers DON'T pay their workers, their workers then turn to the TAX PAYER to make up the difference. Corporations are using the social safety net, to subsidize their companies paying American workers bad and low wages. The social safety net was not meant as something that corporate America could use to pay workers unliveable wages.
I believe in a country, where if there's a rise in GDP per capita, median household income, and workers wages should go up as well. 
Right now, as it sits now, you are more likely to achieve the American dream in Europe, than you are in America. America has destroyed it's economic mobility, the American Dream is essentially dead, and it happened because of policy decisions our leaders made over the past several decades.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:20:58
Market Fundamentalism is basically a brain disease at this point.
We have basically the free market running our healthcare in this country. This is why diabetics have to fork out $700 a month just on insulin to live. If this is such a great system, why aren't other countries trying to what we do on healthcare in their own countries?
And then you the mega-mergers and monopolies in the country. 14 years ago, we had like 10 major airlines, now we're down to 4. So even if you didn't like that Delta video where the man was beat up for not giving his seat up, you can't boycott Delta on some flight routes because they're the only carrier and thusly a monopoly.
If you believe in a free and fair market, and competition, then you should know that monopolies are poison to this. Oakley was forced to sell it's company to a mega sunglass company, because the mega sunglass company refused to sell Oakley's in their stores over a dispute, as a method of strong arming them into joining the Borg, I mean the sunglass company that had a monopoly on sunglasses outlets.
@_date: 2017-11-18 16:58:08
Those are nice scapegoats, but there is one class of citizens who has done profoundly well over these past 36 years despite all that. The wealthiest 1%, .1%, and .01%.
CEO pay has gone up 90 times faster than worker pay in this country. Trump says, these people need a tax cut, despite being paid 90x better than they were 40 years ago, and US workers wages remaining largely stagnant over that time frame.
Skewing all of the nations wealth and income, to a super wealthy, super tiny minority of citizens, has basically gutted our middle class. You can get rid of the immigrants, and reduce women in the work force, this will not change the wealth distribution being skewed so heavily in favor of a super tiny, super wealthy minority. 
Basically the country's a plutocracy. We're now at a point where 51% of REPUBLICANS support legalizing marijuana and over 70% of Democrats for that matter, congress, will not legalize it on the federal level. You know why? Because it is a valid alternative, and often superior alternative to the overpriced opioids that the drug companies produce that are killing off Americans. Marijuana remaining illegal, helps the private prison keep it's prison beds full and supplied with slave prison labor. These CEO's are very wealthy, they can lobby and out donate ordinary citizenry with ease. Citizen's United was a ruling to help them do this. 
We basically live in an oligarchy, what the common citizen wants on average, is of zero importance to our representatives in congress, what the super wealthy wants dictates congresses actions, regardless of whether it's actually good for the country or citizenry as a whole.
Right now the wealthy in this country want our Treasury to issue another $1.5 trillion in treasury bonds, to hand out to the super wealthy in the form of tax cuts even at a time of record debt for our nation. So basically our Wallstreet execs went from raiding and destroying corporations in decades past (corporate raiders) to now, raiding the US Treasury itself, and it's basically nudging our country in the direction of destroying our government.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:51:16
I grew up in Webster Groves initially, then moved to Fenton. From Fenton I did a 30 mile commute to UMSL for my degree in Criminology. And I estimated on my drive at one point I think it was 16 police jurisdictions I had to pass through, basically a gauntlet of tiny police departments. Off the top of my head, St. Louis County, Missouri State Highway Patrol, Fenton, Creve Couer, Des Peres, Kirkwood, St. Ann, Edmunson, Charlack, Normandy, St. John, Bel Ridge, Bel Nor.
Well that's 13, at the time I believe I regularly made the commute I could name 16. Bridgeton maybe? That last stretch of 270/Natural Bridge/UMSL was a gauntlet of these tiny speed traps, and was the worst drive by far I had to make.
If I tried to avoid those speed traps and take the I-170 route I had to dodge other speed traps, Brentwood, Maplewood, Pinelawn maybe? And a host of others (I got ticketed by Brentwood).
 UMSL was kind of located in the Ferguson area.
Again unlike most Americans, I've probably had a significantly different experience with police, so probably why I'm getting so many downvotes, because my experience with police is so foreign to most people.
Once I left St. Louis, I pretty much ceased getting tickets, I live in Tucson now, only have 3 accredited police jurisdictions that aren't hellbent on extorting revenue to work with, Pima County, Arizona State Highway Patrol and Tucson police, something like that. I've never been pulled over or ticketed by any of them in my almost 5 years living here.
@_date: 2017-11-24 00:31:59
Bitcoin was like a penny stock back then, totally high risk. I bought this really shitty penny stock probably in 2009, and held onto it, EESO. Shit tanked, took a 100% loss, on a $600 investment.
@_date: 2017-11-01 08:10:23
I'm alcoholing it up right now, and watching bitcoin price atm
@_date: 2017-11-25 04:48:11
My internet throughout the entire Obama administration was fine. Why does a big change in Net Neutrality rules need to happen?
This is a decent enough article on the possible changes that a repeal of Net Neutrality will encompass.
I use the internet A LOT. I'm a millenial. 
I understand you believe that Time Warner, AT&amp;T, Verizon, and Comcast truly has your best interest as a consumer of internet media at heart. I do not on the other hand.
Let's suppose I make a phone call to an old friend. My telephone company doesn't like my old friend. Do you believe that the telephone company who doesn't like my old friend, should be allowed to make the call distorted or disconnected entirely because they don't like my friend? This is the power you grant the telecom giants over your day to day life regarding internet media when you repeal the Net Neutrality rules. If you like the sites you go on, but the big company that controls your internet service doesn't because it presents their company in a negative light, or it's CEO, it can essentially block you or make your internet experience on that site profoundly worse in terms of connection and load times. Reddit itself could easily find itself guilty of this in that regard with the types of articles that wind up on it's front page.
We need to bear in mind, we have 4 telecom giants. This is soon going to be reduced to 3, when AT&amp;T merges with Time Warner in one of the biggest corporate mergers of all time. 
This is monopolistic in nature, any supporter of free market capitalism knows that monopolies destroy competition, and the destruction of competition between suppliers and providers, is actually poison to a healthy free market capitalist system.
I like that you quote wealthy democrats, but conveniently failed to ignore wealthy Republicans. We have the wealthiest presidential cabinet in presidential history. Why is it that money corrupts democrats, but not Republicans?
If I were a wealthy robber baron in this country, I would not like the fact that 4 Liberal justices voted against Citizens United, and I would like that 5 Conservative justices voted in favor of it. Seems the Conservative justices are looking out for my best interests as an extremely wealthy robber baron.
Me as a private citizen, I can't say for you personally, but I have never hit a donation cap limit on political spending in this country. Citizen's United does not work in my favor in that sense. It does work in my favor if I'm a super-billionaire peddling influence.
"Anything Obama and Sorors are FOR is bad for all Americans."
I like seeing a doctor when I'm sick. I don't like being bankrupted over it. A Medicaid expansion in my state when I was down on my luck economically enabled this to happen. The Republicans don't believe I should be able to see a doctor in this country and not be bankrupted over it. They want to ensure that if I see a doctor I should be financially ruined over it if the health situation is precarious enough.
So just on that issues, as well several others, it's quite clear to me, being allowed to see a doctor and not facing financial ruin over it, that Obama had my best interests in mind, and the Republicans did not.
@_date: 2017-11-18 09:35:21
Balancing the budget is not Keynesian, it's common sense. A balanced budget is not left or right wing, budgetary math is not political. For that matter Horse and Sparrow theory is also a failure of an economic idea, well at least if you're a sparrow and not the horse, which about 99% of Americans would fall into the sparrow category.
What's plan B? Lets the government, and thusly, the country fail?
We have paid off debt, we can do it again. Every time the government borrows money, it basically gets weaker. It forces fiscal liabilities on future generations.
Why does making the US weaker, benefit you specifically? Are you morally opposed to living in a stronger nation? I have a steam friend, who basically hates the United States, he agrees with you, in that he wants to watch our country dramatically and cataclysmically fail within his lifetime. And we are definitely headed in that direction, if we don't do a drastic change of course.
@_date: 2019-06-12 23:20:05
Hostile Republican congress questioned Hillary for 11 hours and found nothing. You know why? Because you can't convict someone of imaginary crimes that only people who inundste themselves with brainwashing propaganda from far right media believe are crimes...unlike say factuslly proven evidence of collusion with the Russians by Trump's inner circle like Michael Flynn, and Manafort, and not to mention the illegalities of his own personal lawyer Michael Cohen.
For a political cohort that claims to vslue law and order, they sure do like breaking the fucking the law. I heard Giuliani himself basically say "Breaking the law is not a crime". Iirc it was one of his comments about how collusion shouldn't be illegal.
@_date: 2017-11-01 03:40:09
Do keep us updated if you in fact get them back Chapdog. And send me a bitcoin if you do find them!
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:25:02
$1,000,000+ is 7 figures.
@_date: 2017-11-24 15:56:24
I really should dump that garbage coin, but I dunno. I have my 1 BCH and am somewhat happy to see the free internet money I got for being in BTC before the August 1st fork is now worth in the $1600's
@_date: 2017-11-19 02:55:26
Well if our healthcare market is heavily regulated than what is the UKs or Denmark's? They have better healthcare systems. Companies can not charge diabetics, $700 a month for insulin. It's illegal in their society. Is that also due to heavy regulation or not?
Megamergers cause monopolies. The solution to monopolies, is enforcing g anti-trust laws. Is that a government regulation, your company becomes monopolistic in nature, we break it up?
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:58:39
Hey you mentioned houses, and most houses in the US are worth at least $100,000 if not more. And there's A LOT MORE HOUSES to be traded then there are bitcoins, so maybe that's the kind of value we're looking at down the road.
@_date: 2019-08-03 23:03:58
Actually YOU'VE been misinformed.
Read it and weep. What I stated was 100% factual. I'll quote it so you don't have to click the link.
"The public debt fell rapidly after the end of World War II under the presidency of Harry S. Truman, as the U.S. and the rest of the world experienced a post-war economic expansion. Unlike previous wars, the Korean War (1950–53) was largely financed by taxation and did not lead to an increase in the public debt.[20]
Growth rates in Western countries began to slow in the mid-1960s. Beginning in the mid-1970s and afterwards, U.S. national debt began to increase faster than GDP.[21][22]
The public debt reached a post-World War II low of 24.6% in 1974.[16][23] In that year, the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 reformed the budget process to allow Congress to challenge the president's budget more easily, and, as a consequence, deficits became increasingly difficult to control.[24] National debt held by the public increased from its postwar low of 24.6% of GDP in 1974 to 26.2% in 1980.[25]
Debt held by the public relative to GDP rose rapidly again in the 1980s. President Ronald Reagan's economic policies lowered tax rates (Reagan slashed the top income tax rate from 70% to 28%, although bills passed in 1982 and 1984 later partially reversed those tax cuts.)[24][26] and increased military spending, while congressional Democrats blocked cuts to social programs.[22][24][26][24] As a result, debt as a share of GDP increased from 26.2% in 1980 to 40.9% in 1988,[25] and it continued to rise during the presidency of George H. W. Bush, reaching 48.3% of GDP in 1992.[16][27]
Gross US Federal Debt as a Percentage of GDP, by political party of President
Debt held by the public reached a high of 49.5% of GDP at the beginning of President Clinton's first term. However, it fell to 34.5% of GDP by the end of Clinton's presidency due in part to decreased military spending, increased taxes (in 1990, 1993 and 1997), and increased tax revenue resulting from the 1990s boom.[16][23][28][29][30] The budget controls instituted in the 1990s successfully restrained fiscal action by the Congress and the President and together with economic growth contributed to the budget surpluses at the end of the decade.[31] The surpluses led to a decline in the public debt from about 43% of GDP in 1998 to about 33% by 2001.[31]
In the early 21st century, debt held by the public relative to GDP rose again due in part to the Bush tax cuts and increased military spending caused by the wars in the Middle East and a new entitlement Medicare D program. During the presidency of George W. Bush, debt held by the public increased from $3.339 trillion in September 2001 to $6.369 trillion by the end of 2008.[32][33] In the aftermath of the global financial crisis of 2007–08 and related significant revenue declines and spending increases, debt held by the public increased to $11.917 trillion by the end of July 2013, under the presidency of Barack Obama."
Rates are progressive on income...not capital gains. Capital gains tax rate been 15% for almost 20 years at this point iirc. If that's the case, yea I do pay higher taxes than capital gains. The vast majority of wealthy, make their money sitting around with their fingers up their ass, clicking mouses and trading stocks. 
Your mindset appears to be VERY hierarchical. It is an unbecoming part of your character. You would agree with me when I say, you believe your earnings and wealth implies you are an inherently SUPERIOR specimen of homo sapiens to those around you?
Bear in mind, most of our congress are moneyed people like yourself. They are not working class stiffs like me. And they have routinely shown themselves to be a group of incompetents at governing. Our hegemony fucking sucks...fuck our hegemony. They appear to be greedy idiots, and incompetents, even if they like to think of themselves as our superiors. Our millionaires in congress are more or less dumbasses, they don't know how to govern. They don't know how to balance a budget. Full employment, borrowing 5% of GDP, the country's fiscal situation is built on a house of cards, that will probably collapse, we now borrow money to pay off borrowings, and a couple credit downgrades, and spikes in the interest costs to borrow money, that's really gonna cause the whole thing to topple.
THAT is why I buy bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-11 07:32:21
Yea, I dropped another $700 into bitcoin 2 days ago when it was $7200. That's what I meant by nosedive.
@_date: 2017-11-24 11:36:55
I probably should treat it more like banking in that sense. I always tell my bank teller as someone who buys into bitcoin, that our goal is to put major banks such as the one she's working for out of business entirely.
I was thoroughly pissed with banks in the 2009 downturn (wish I bought into bitcoin then to show my rage) and how they lobbied the government to bail out the banks instead of the citizens with houses that the debt on them was more than the value of the house itself.
@_date: 2019-06-20 21:06:23
Look I'm gonna be frank with you guys...I'm dumping a SHIT TON of my personal financial wealth into bitcoin over these next few days and coming weeks. Unfortunately due to shit beyond on my control, it's coming in at a trickle atm...but make no mistake, I'm basically going to be fully invested before 30 days have past.
Usually my finances goes like this, I either invest in stocks, or bitcoin. Now bitcoin was in a very boring, bear market for a long time...so I held off, I held the bitcoins I had, but I didn't purchase, because I didn't know when it was going to be out of the wilderness of the bear market. Obviously I would have profoundly more bitcoins for profoundly cheaper if I had been buying all along, but that's my cross to bear.
And it goes like this, while it was a bear market, well shit, while I wait for bitcoin to pick itself back up, I'm gonna increase my stock holdings...that said...right now as of this moment, I would rather get as much bitcoin as I possibly can right now, than maintain my stock accounts value and buy bitcoin say 6-12 months from now. I'll replenish my stock account over the coming months I suppose, or maybe say if the DOW crashes hard, sell a fraction of my bitcoin holdings and to quickly and effortlessly recover all that I spent earlier.
I'm no economy forecaster ok, so you can take this with a HEAVY grain of salt. I'm not a great investor...I don't have a great track record, but you know I have looked at my fair share of stock graphs, and economy information. I was looking at the bitcoin graphs, the news around it, stock market is still pretty damn close to its all time high...and I looked it and I got this huge feeling, this weight in my head that said "There is going to be a MASSIVE bull market possibly, over these next 12-18 months, if I had to guess. I dunno it was like, I got this strong feeling looking at the information coming in, this is it, this is the beginning of a massive bull market, and even if you buy today...or over this next month, you are still going to be relatively into this bull markets early stage.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:55:38
Michelin star restaurants only go up to 3 stars. You're kind of hostile, like my investment into Bitcoin is an attack on you. $1400 in the grand scheme of things isn't much. What if I had invested $1400 into Bitcoin 8 years ago? I'd be a millionaire. If so why can't I be a hundred thousandaire investing $1400 in Bitcoin today, 8 years from now?
@_date: 2017-11-24 11:13:29
I bought $1400 worth during this small dip
@_date: 2017-11-18 22:55:06
Maybe because you've never lived in a failing country, that's why you feel that way. Perhaps you've had the luxury of not knowing what it's like. If you want to America to fail, than you never proclaim to be patriotic about this country, assuming you're a fellow American.
Great Depression was so bad, instead of Americans allowing their country to fail, they elected a democratic-socialist to 4 terms. I believe that would probably happen again if Americans were given that situation all over again, instead of continuing to allow wealthy people to rape this country.
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:12:38
I'm not a major Bitcoin investor, however a very significant portion of my very meager wealth holdings is tied up in bitcoin.
I held onto my BCH after the fork in August. I thought there was a possibility it could be a very popular currency and if my BTC nose dived, I'd sort of hedge my assets by hodling a different currency as well.
I'm glad I had that mentality. I'm not remotely wealthy off of either BTC or BCH, but it's nice for me to know that even though my BTC nose dived today, my small amount of BCH skyrocketed to help offset that a small amount.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:22:42
It'd be nice if it were that black or white, but it isn't. You've already stated you want the country to fail. I don't want the country to fail. That's such a fundamental disagreement, I don't think there's much left to debate on this matter.
Basically I believe, if there's a rise in GDP per capita in this country, then workers wages should go up, and median household income should go up. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 10:58:42
I'm not stressed, and I got in recently. I panic sold last major dip 2 months ago and I fucking regretted that. I basically bought at the then high, and sold at the low, the opposite of what an investor is supposed to do. Learned a good $1500 lesson off that (And probably more than $1500, if prices keep going up).
I even dumped in and bought $700 worth of bitcoin when it was $7200 but two days ago. 
I hodl'd my BCH after the August fork, I ain't selling my bitcoin. If my BCH overtakes Ethereum, I'll be quite happy.
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:40:27
I am defending living in a decent country. I love bitcoin, it has been kind to me even though I've gotten in relatively recently compared to everyone else here.
But what's good for bitcoin, isn't necessarily good for the country I reside in or it's citizens. I'm a patriot, I want a good United States to live in. If that makes me wrong, I don't want to be right.
If you want America to fail because of how it would affect your bitcoin holdings, to me you're not a patriot of this country.
@_date: 2017-11-17 16:16:23
Financial situation is fine. If a financial situation of shit hitting the fan happens, I can easily take money from my bitcoin wallet and put it back into my bank account. Figure if I got sidelined money, why not have it parked in Bitcoin for the time being with a chance to increase in value, instead of just stagnant US $Dollars?
@_date: 2017-11-16 17:18:15
Man I feel so fucking puny in this community, I only got like 1.37 bitcoins. I only got in really like 2 months ago and already turned close to 100% return on investment to be fair, but that ain't shit compared to your hodlings. 
@_date: 2017-11-16 17:33:25
My last purchase was $700 in bitcoin, at $7200, and then bitcoin crashed to $6,000 literally like 2 days later or so.
@_date: 2017-11-25 07:10:00
If the private sector could demonstrate it would be responsible without oversight, I'd be more supportive of reducing regulations on them. 
We live in a country, where diabetics pay $700 a month for insulin. If you don't like that price, boycott them right? Well if they boycott the pharmaceuticals, they die. So is that really a choice for them as consumers? TO me a government regulation should be put in place, that you can not give people a health choice of dying because it's cheaper, or financially ruining them if they get the care they need.
You hate the ACA right? Probably costs too much right? You need bear in mind, Pre-ACA, we spent far more money per capita on healthcare, far less people got healthcare than today, and even as a % of GDP in the wealthiest country in the world no less, we spent far more on healthcare. So costs of medicine in this country, clearly can not be your issue with the ACA if you're defending a previous system that spent a much higher % of GDP on healthcare than virtually every other country, gave low quality care, covered less citizens, and spent far more per capita on healthcare for it's citizens in exchange for its shitty healthcare.
By most measures, we have your dream "very shitty healthcare system" in the developed world. Maybe you just find it offensive that people don't like shitty healthcare systems and want to improve it. It's a sad reality, that sick people like to see doctors. It's just how it is.
@_date: 2017-11-08 19:03:30
Ok, let's take firearms out of the picture then. Just suspects armed with knives.
This fact is from 2015, so it does not take into account recent knife terrorist attacks in the UK.
"Knife violence is a big problem in England, yet British police have fatally shot only one person wielding a knife since 2008 – a hostage-taker. By comparison, my calculations based on data compiled by fatalencounters.org and the Washington Post show that US police have fatally shot more than 575 people allegedly wielding blades and other such weapons just in the years since 2013."
In the 7 year time span, UK cops killed 1 suspect armed with a knife, American cops killed 575 armed with knives in a 2 year time span.
Let's just put it this way. Our cops would be banned from being cops in most any other 1st world countries. They would be seen as a gang of wild, violent thugs, in other societies, because they look to deadly force as a first resort, as opposed to a last resort in other countries.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:36:21
Well don't count just the 0's when trying to figure out what people mean by xfigures means. The front non-zero is just as important a figure as the zeros.
@_date: 2017-11-22 00:10:37
I couldn't buy during the dip because asshole gdax.com withheld my money in "transfer" for 9 days and I couldn't buy bitcoin until it was $7200 a bitcoin. If I had gotten the money instantaneously, I would have bought in at $6400 a bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:56:27
I just checked the coinbase.com price
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:02:37
There was a guy on here, pulled out a 6 figure loan last year to buy bitcoin at $1700 a bitcoin. Everyone said he was insane. At today's prices do you think he regrets it?
@_date: 2017-11-24 17:13:34
My plan for my bitcoin going forward, is hodling it for at least like 10 years. I don't care about short term gains to be honest. I'm hoping that bitcoin represents  the first international currency ever, and  a paradigm shift in how the world handles currency in it's economies. Like the biggest paradigm shift for US consumers since we went off the gold standard back in 1933.
@_date: 2017-11-18 18:06:05
I get it you're opposed to taxation.
Do you know what compound interest is? It's the idea that if you pull out a loan, the interest compounds itself and you wind up paying a much higher amount altogether down the road, than if you had just paid the full amount entirely up front to begin with. 
Interest on US debt compounds. 
Do you agree with this statement "Tax cuts should not be financed with borrowed money"?
Because the compound interest on the US debt today, if we cut taxes, means FORCED future tax increases and spending cuts tomorrow. 
If you're against high taxation, than you should also be morally opposed to tax cuts financed with borrowed money on a debt with interest that will compound and get larger, and thusly require large raises in taxes in the course of lifetime.
I agree, tax cuts feel great in the short term. But over the long term, at a time where the US debt is now 106% of GDP, they are bad. We need to pay down the debt, and higher taxes is one of the things will have to happen if we continue to borrow. When someone buys a US Treasury bond, THEY EXPECT TO GET PAID BACK ON THIS. Is this a country that honor's it's debts? I think it should be, and I don't think that's a radical position to take, even if you don't like taxes.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:55:11
I am autistic. Literally.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:11:38
This is super saiyan for the early guys and the veterans on here. I'm not that guy, I got in recently.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:25:23
Makes me worried that as unregulated as Bitcoin is, if it's susceptible to pump and dump schemes.
@_date: 2017-11-26 03:30:23
Well I can honestly say I'm happy I locked in my bitcoin during the dip, it's up another 10% from what I bought it at
@_date: 2017-11-16 19:54:49
Well I'm doing some banking tomorrow, gonna shovel about $1350 into my bank account that's tied to coinbase. If I do this, do you think that it's a prudent investment even at today's prices? I estimate it will increase my bitcoin hodling's from what they are currently by about 10-15%? Otherwise it's just money that's going to rot in a bank account for the time being.
@_date: 2017-11-18 01:06:58
I can't believe this post got down voted so much. I apologize if I presented extremely sensitive people living in a bubble divorced from the reality of other Americans, with inconvenient truths about the state of policing in other parts of the United States.
@_date: 2017-11-24 20:10:48
More than half my wealth is in my stock portfolio.
My parents finance everything I need, food, shelter, my transportation. She's done well in the market over the past 8 years.
The bitcoin is basically me doing banking, as an investor I go where the bull market is. Dow's at 23,000 points, how much room does it have left to go? Shouldn't there be a cyclical recession right around the corner given how much the DOW has grown over the past 8 years?
I've already turned a big profit on my bitcoin holdings, and the only economic disaster I see on the horizon is if bitcoin turns out to be a fad like pogs or pet rocks, and not an increasingly important factor to today's investors.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:03:20
Destroying the standard of living of the vast majority of Americans is not humane or respectful.
@_date: 2017-11-19 15:55:37
I'm basically an Eisenhower Republican. I would set in a tax code similar to Eisenhower's, 91% top marginal tax bracket, 25% tax on capital gains for top investors, and corporations in this country would contribute 33% of federal revenue, instead of only 10% today. 
You really can't talk shit on Eisenhower, post WWII, he is the most successful Republican President at paying down debt, and the 1950's were basically an economic golden age in this country.
In 1956, I would have been a Republican. These are the things the Republican Party stood for in 1956.
1. Provide federal assistance to low-income communities;
2. Protect Social Security;
3. Provide asylum for refugees;
4. Extend minimum wage;
5. Improve unemployment benefit system so it covers more people;
6. Strengthen labor laws so workers can more easily join a union;
7. Assure equal pay for equal work regardless of sex.
These policy initiatives is what Republicans USE to stand for. My how times have changed.
@_date: 2017-11-18 19:20:05
I believe American's should have a high standard of living. 
1. Healthcare for example, people should not go bankrupt, or be financially ruined over getting sick or injured. This is not a radical position, every country has a healthcare system that generally believes in this philosophy except for ours. The survivors of the Vegas shooting, should not financially ruined, because they survived the massacre and now require medical treatment.
2. Social Security was implemented at a time of mass homelessness in the United States during the Great Depression. Before Social Security, people too old to work either died A. Penniless and homeless, or B. their children paid a portion of their earnings to their parents in retirement so they wouldn't die penniless and homeless.
I'm opposed to mass homelessness, it is probably in your best interest to be against that as well.
3. Welfare again came out of the Great Depression. We had lots of Americans who weren't physically disabled. But at a time of 25% unemployment, they couldn't afford things as basic as food and housing. They moved into "Hoovervilles", mass homeless camps, where the shelter for American families were basically cardboard boxes, and crappy wooden shacks made out of scraps of wood, with absolutely no luxuries for living accomodations like heating, plumbing, or electricity.
I think if we want to draw down our welfare rolls for the non-physically AND mentally disabled as well, America needs to move away from the vast majority of jobs available to American workers being of low income, and instead revert back to the vast majority of jobs paying middle or even high income wages. 
4. Funding for the arts, funding for the arts represents a tiny portion of the budget. We should have museums and a society that is rich in culture in history. I believe Winston Churchill had it right when he uttered this about the arts in 1938: “The arts are essen­tial to any com­plete national life. The State owes it to itself to sus­tain and encour­age them….Ill fares the race which fails to salute the arts with the rev­er­ence and delight which are their due.”
5. If America likes being a first world country with a high standard of living, we should have good education widely available to everyone in this country. If we don't give our workers a good education, like in the STEM field, we forfeit those good paying jobs to other countries. A student shouldn't have to rack up $100,000 in debt, to get a college degree. This is again not a radical position, several countries have implemented this, because using common sense, they do not want to forfeit demand for highly paid, highly educated jobs to other countries. 
6. Food stamps came out of the Great Depression, although it was fully implemented in 1964. Americans should have access to food. When people don't have access to food, it has caused violent overthrows in society, see the French Revolution for example.
We're the wealthiest country in world. A country is not judged by it's standard of living for it's wealthiest of citizenry. It is judged by it's standard of living for it's entire citizenry as a whole. I believe America should have a high standard of living. This is not a radical position, most developed countries also strive for higher standards of living for their citizenry. America should not work towards ensuring more and more of it's citizenry will live in 3rd world poverty within our own borders.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:08:51
If immigrants drive down wages, how come the wealthiest 1%, .1%, and .01% in this country has gotten profoundly wealthier over the past 40 years? Clearly they know how to make gargantuan sums of money even with competition from other immigrant billionaires. 
If you want higher wages for Americans, you should NOT support skewing all of the wealth and income in society, to a tiny super wealthy minority of Americans.
@_date: 2017-11-24 20:29:34
5 Republican appointed SCOTUS justices voted for Citizen's United, and the 4 liberal justices against. What exactly are Conservatives doing these days to get big moneyed interests out of our politics?
For example, take this Net Neutrality thing. It's good for Telecom giants, it's bad for consumers of the internet. I'm a consumer. I'm not a telecom giant. Most people are consumers for that matter, and most people are against Trump's FCC repealing Net Neutrality. 
And yet, they're going against the best interests of the vast, vast, vast, vast, vast majority of the American public, in favor of Telecom giants. 
Until this changes where the Republicans consistently show themselves siding with corporate giants over ordinary citizens, consumers and employees, as it sits now I really don't have much of a political choice but to vote for the Democratic party, even with wallstreet CEO's picking their cabinets, Citizen's United did not help curb this practice by even Democratic presidents, it exacerbated it and made it guaranteed short of a Bernie Sanders candidacy.
@_date: 2017-11-27 01:47:34
If bitcoin gets to $10k, it's not shit to me. I increased my wealth, but it's not like a life changing amount or something I can retire on.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:13:48
YOLO. Tired of being poor. You need to bear in mind, even at $1,400, it really only represents a small just over 10% increase in my actual bitcoin holdings.
@_date: 2017-11-24 03:18:14
Why? EESO had as much of a chance of going gangbusters as BTC did back in the day. BTC could have been squashed into nothingness just as easily as EESO was.
@_date: 2017-11-18 07:42:25
I'm left wing. What do I want? I want living wages for the vast majority of US workers, affordable healthcare, and a government that generally pays down the debt year after year as opposed to increase it like it has for 32 out of the last 36 years.
I don't think those are bad goals to have, but apparently they are to some people.
I don't know what peoples standard for racism is. If you talk to a KKK member and ask him if he's racist, he'll deny it, so I dunno, people have drastically different standards for what is and isn't racism.
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:48:12
I thought they were called Dollarydoo's
@_date: 2019-12-04 18:42:01
Im not rich, Im not poor. To quit my job right out the gate, I need to shell out around $730 a month for health insurance, not to mention if I get sick or just want to see the doctor I owe a fat copay on top of, insurance kicks in past $5,000 in expenses, its only good for catastrophic health ailments. That's a pretty god damn substantial sum, even if I made $100,000 a year.
I don't mind working, but I find it enraging that between jobs I gamble with life altering financial ruin because theirs no gaurantee of healthcare in this country unless you're 65, and that's because of Medicare, which was created by the Democrats.
It's not very libertarian if the market can ruin you with exorbitant healthcare expenses if you get sick and you're not covered or go to an out of network hospital when you break your leg.
 I want this changed, and I don't see the Republicans doing anything about it.
Hell when they called Obamacare "Socialism" basically by their standard, every other Western Democracy is running a communist style healthcare system from their point of view.
There's more to life than "fuck you, I got mine".
@_date: 2017-11-06 11:29:49
I got in at $4,000 don't feel bad. And I panic sold after buying in earlier at $2,600 at a dip (stupid, cost me several thousand at todays prices). I'm now in it for the long haul, all spare money is going into bitcoin over this next month.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:26:01
I increased my bitcoin holdings by just a bit over 10%, so even at $1,400, it's actually a small increase of my total hodlings. All my other purchased of BTC I basically turned a profit on.
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:17:31
It was emphasizing that even the majority of Republican voters now support legalizing marijuana, not a criticism of them. If a majority of Republicans support legalizing marijuana, and a larger majority of Democrats, why isn't our congress doing what the people want, and legalizing marijuana? In a true democracy, a minority, such as wealthy people, should not always get their way over the majority.
I don't see why a person's religion should disqualify them from having valid political arguments, it's written right into the 1st amendment "Freedom of religion" if you don't like that being a core tenet of this country, then have you considered leaving this country? Unless you're an anti-semite, or just have a totally tribal mentality when it comes to politics, peoples religion, race, color, ethnicity, sex or sexual orientation should be of no factor in engaging in the political process in this country.
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:16:14
I've found in life, whether I'm nice or an asshole to the cop, makes very little difference in terms of legal fees.
Most cops ideas of "helping" citizens, is by fucking them over, based on 95% of my interactions with cops.
@_date: 2017-11-24 18:30:54
In a lot of ways, short of bitcoin tanking, it is saving for a rainy day. Most people haven't been burnt on bitcoin, there's been bubbles and crashes along the way, but it's general trend due to it's huge scarcity is to go up. All the predictions point to $10,000 a bitcoin by years end.
I was late to the party, later than 98% of this subreddit probably.
And yet my first bitcoin (after stupidly panic selling earlier in the year) was $4,000, I've already turned 100%+ profit on that originally.
The only way I foresee this being a bad financial move on my part, is if there's just a complete and total abandonment of bitcoin going forward, instead of it being a paradigm shift in currency, it turns out to be a fad like pet rocks, and pogs.
@_date: 2017-11-08 18:04:51
Last year 5 people in the UK died from the police. In other words, in the time it takes UK Police to kill 5 of their own citizens, our cops kill 1,100. 
Cops have demonstrated that they can KILL citizenry with outright legal impunity, and regardless of how egregious the killing was even with video evidence, NEVER be held accountable for their actions. 
Until that changes, there will be protests against US Police from here on out.
If there's one thing that Watts, LA, Ferguson, and Baltimore riots have in common, it's perceived racial injustices in the Criminal Justice system, leads to riots. If you're against riots and protests over these issues, then you should also be opposed to outright huge injustices going on in our so called quote unquote "Justice" system.
@_date: 2017-11-24 18:55:40
50 years ago, well let's say 54, the largest employer in the US was GM. The average wage adjusted for 2013 dollars was $50 an hour for a simple assembly line job at a GM plant.
In 2013, America's largest employer was Walmart. Their part-time workers (namely because full-time jobs are rare at Walmart in comparison) was $8.65 an hour.
And we wonder where our middle class has gone...
Further more, between 1946-1981, the US government by and large paid off it's WWII debt, and it did it without destroying it's economy at the same time too. The worst "deficit spending" offender in that time frame was the split Nixon/Ford term between 1973-1977, and even they only raised the national debt by .2% of GDP.
Compare that to today, where a President increasing the national debt by 20% in 8 years is considered "normal".
One of the reasons America was so strong between 1946-1981, was because our country was in fact much more competently ran. If you pick the top 10 Presidents in US, a whole bunch of them presided between at least 1933, and 1969. As a country we basically went on a huge winning streak with competent presidents, FDR, Truman, Eisenhower, JFK, LBJ. Nixon wasn't entirely bad, in fact his levels of corruption wouldn't even get him censured in today's political atmosphere, now that tribalism has taken over our politics. Carter had his flaws, but fiscally he was a great president for only 4 years, although the stagflation wasn't good in the late 70's.
Reagan helped boost the economy in his 8 years, but he did it by tripling the national debt from around $900 billion in 1981, to $2.8 trillion in 1989. All the 80's economic growth was basically done with borrowed money, and capped off by a bad recession, the Savings and Loan's Crisis.
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:08:10
We spend $10,000 per capita on healthcare alone. We spend by far the most and we don't cover everyone. So if your argument is "this is a cheaper healthcare system than the other countries" the facts don't align with that argument. No other country spends $10,000 per capita and refuse to cover everyone at the same time to boot.
In terms of cost savings the other countries have a better system. So that argument is bunk right off the bat. If cost savings is your goal, don't do what the US does.
If you don't have health, you got nothing. Money is no good if you're dying, or just in pain or suffering all the time.
@_date: 2017-11-25 00:00:51
Well what would have been smart? Keep it as cash? I'm going to gain 0% ROI if I do that.
In case you've failed to notice, Bitcoin has consistently gone up, even with bubbles and crashes factored in, throughout it's entire history.
My goal is hodl this for the next 10 years, if bitcoin turns out to be a paradigm shift in how the world does it's currency, logic dictates that even at today's prices, I will have bought it profoundly cheaper than if I waited.
@_date: 2017-11-27 02:37:53
"so I can only imagine what long term hodlers are feeling."
@_date: 2017-11-17 23:03:42
That's what us autistic people need sometimes. We're like a cube with sharp edges and corners in a world of spheres.
@_date: 2017-11-18 17:43:13
The debt is not black or white, I.E. paying off the debt entirely is bad, therefore running up larger and larger deficits is good.
This country has enormous fiscal liabilities, something could change, dramatically in our lifetimes, it will not be pleasant, and when it happens, people will be tired of kick the can and actually come up with the political will to actually deal with the situation regardless of how say wealthy people won't like it. I.E. restoring our tax code to one that pays off large debts for example.
I personally argue for a Great Depression 2.0, to stomp out electing incompetent and shithead leaders and sending them to Washington. 25% unemployment, newly mass homeless Americans, living in Hoovervilles, perhaps the world dumping the dollar as a reserve currency, US Treasury bonds being reduced to junk bond status.
@_date: 2017-11-06 16:40:50
Man my Bitcoin holdings are shit compared to $1,000,000
@_date: 2017-11-24 16:05:27
So in other words, on the vast majority of my bitcoin purchases in the last 2 months, if it goes down 10-20% from a high of $10,000, I will have still made a bunch of profit, right?
@_date: 2019-12-04 20:17:27
On the healthcare issue we are spending more, if you want a cheap efficient healthcare system, don't do what the US is doing, that'swhat the rest of the world has learned. .healthcare and healthcare alone, that's the issue.
Americans pay a lot for healthcare, a lot more thsn anyone else.
Depending on where they live, typical workers shelled out between $4,500 and $8,300 for healthcare in 2017. But the US government pays even more.
According to data from OECD, the US spent $10,209 on healthcare per capita, or per person, in 2017. That's more than any other country in OECD's 36-country consortium, and over $2,000 more than Switzerland, the second-highest spending country.
So again youre defending the most expensive healthcare system in the world as cheaper. That's not a good argument, it doesn't align with facts and the reality of the situation at all. Not to mention as a populace we're very unhealthy for that $10,000 per capita, we're getting ripped off hard and you're defending it.
@_date: 2017-11-19 01:00:28
Well tax cuts for the wealthy isn't going to fix the situation either. If we got rid of every immigrant in this country, I doubt that it'd change the wealth and income distribution in this country being skewed to extremely wealthy people. These days it's popular among White people, to blame their problems on brown people, which is how they keep justifying voting for politicians basically working on behalf of the super wealthy elite in this country.
I talk to a lot of Americans on the internet, and they tell me that they would rather have US Workers wages compete with the pay rates of workers in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Uganda and Ivory Coast, rather than US workers wages compete with the pay rates of workers in France, Denmark, Germany, UK, and Sweden. 
Americans by and large seem to support raising their own personal taxes, so the government can further cut the taxes on the wealthiest of the wealthy in this country. I find it odd, it's like people WANT to be poverty stricken in this country.
For some reason there's a strong political movement in this country even amongst the working class, that wants Americans to work longer hours for less money. They've largely been successful in this political movement, basically American workers wages have been stagnant for the past 40 years thanks to their efforts.
@_date: 2017-11-18 23:15:26
The most socialist states in the country, in terms of how little federal tax dollars they contribute, and how much they take away from the federal government, are in fact the red states, with perhaps the exception of New Mexico.
If we needed to break this country up, I'd just cut the Deep South out, right wingers can go live there. We'll still have California and New York, which are the biggest contributors to GDP and federal tax dollars in the country.
@_date: 2017-11-08 12:05:10
Since Papa John's started establishing itself as the official Pizza of the Far-Right/Alt-Right/Neo-Nazis/KKK/White Supremacists, not to mention their opposition to their own employees having something as basic as healthcare in our society, or opposing their employees having a small increase in their already very low wages because it's "too expensive" when their owner is a multi-millionaire several times over with a Wall Street traded company, I quit buying Papa John's, regardless if they accept bitcoin.
I don't necessarily like Little Caesar's pizza, but I don't find their owner nearly as reprehensible as Papa John's, so I buy their pizza because he did much more great things with his life while owning his company, like quietly paying the rent for Rosa Park's until her death after she had been violently robbed in a dangerous neighborhood in 1994 to find her a safer home.
@_date: 2019-12-01 09:23:03
I thumbed up all comments here, I like these discussions on here
@_date: 2017-11-17 22:24:52
I haven't gotten a ticket in 5 years, specifically due to me leaving St. Louis, as opposed to me driving badly. But you need to bear in mind, that there's over 12,000 police agencies in this country, so my experiences with police could be drastically different from your experiences with police, since there really isn't any uniform standard for all 12,000 police agencies in this country.
I come from St. Louis, we had at least 57 police jurisdictions for one St. Louis County. Maybe even more, it was ridiculous. 
The thing about St. Louis County, if you were tasked with designing a system of regional government from it's outset crafted to fuel anger, fear, distrust, hatred, and racial resentment between police officers and citizens, you would be hard pressed to design a system better than St. Louis County.
A lot of people were surprised by the Ferguson riots. Up to that point, I was actually surprised that riots hadn't happened sooner based on how my family, and lots of other St. Louis families perceived the quality of policing they were receiving.
And these super tiny townships of say 800-1600 residents, like Bel Nor and Edmunson for example, both who I have been ticketed by, would randomly create new police jurisdictions, and townships in St. Louis County, to stake out key roads that commuters used in the area as falling under their police jurisdiction. For example, if you drive from one end of Natural Bridge Road, to the other, you pass through something like 16 police jurisdictions.
 But the thing was, the cops weren't hired to go out and solve rapes, robberies, and murders, they were hired to extort money from commuters in the St. Louis area, this is why Ferguson, a township of 21,000, a lot of poverty stricken residents,  had 16,000 of their 21,000 residents with warrants out for their arrest at the time of the riots, not because it was a hotbed of rapes, robberies, and murders, but unpaid traffic fines, and failures to appear.
If you search back, John Oliver did a good piece specifically on how horribly corrupt the police departments in the St. Louis region were.
Again, my experience is very likely drastically different from most Americans, so that's why that thought went through my head today. Our police didn't really serve the role of police officer, they were basically just glorified tax collectors.
@_date: 2017-11-18 08:31:41
If other countries have accomplished this, why can't the US? We put a man on the moon, so these ideas aren't impossible
You want $340 billion? Pull it out of the defense budget. We've given our military now 16 years to win the war in Afghanistan, and they haven't won it, so why are we still wasting money over in that country?
Hell the US in the past has accomplished this, GM use to pay their employees living wages for the low skill job of manning an assembly line in 1963. Today our low skill workers, work at the largest employer in America, Walmart, for $9 an hour. Why is it that we could pay low skill laborers like GM assembly line workers living wages, but now it's all of a sudden impossible?
Government use to pay down it's debt. It can do it again. This is not impossible. If we've borrowed money for 32 out of the last 36 years, to me that represents that our budget/revenue is entirely out of whack, and whatever tax code we had in place between say 1945-1981, had a far better proven track record at paying down debt, than the tax codes implemented between 1981-2017.
@_date: 2018-03-20 21:18:12
Sexy, I just bought my first bit of bitcoin in several months when it was priced in the $8,1xx's
@_date: 2018-02-27 08:52:18
Glad I own NVDA stock.
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:30:15
Until the price stabilizes I'm not getting back into bitcoin at the moment. I had almost $9,000 in bitcoin 2 weeks ago, and I sold it for $5700. The fact that bitcoin lost 1 7th of the humans on the planet, and one of the largest economies on the planet, that does not bode well.
@_date: 2018-03-25 02:21:41
Yea I first saw these on the lot of our Mazda dealership in 2002, and I wanted so bad, but I was making $6.40 an hour at a grocery store, and couldn't afford a $26,000ish car back then.
If Bitcoin hadn't had its historical run up in price, I wouldn't have felt financially secure enough to make the buy, but thanks to Bitcoin increasing my financial security I finally bought a car I had wanted for 16 years, in excellent shape.
They only made 1,000 of them, I had to do a 1,000 mile road trip to Houston to find one in good enough shape and to pick her up.
@_date: 2017-09-02 23:10:08
I use my bitcoin wallet as a savings account really. I'm looking to buy a new fast car down the road. Better it sit in a bitcoin wallet where it might actually gain in value, than a bank account where it gains no value.
I use to dump that extra money into my stock account, but there's not really a lot of places to put money in the market to turn a profit, so I convert all that into bitcoin for now.
@_date: 2017-10-22 02:11:02
man my accounts fucking bullshit. Yea it's gone up, but hardly enough to change my life. I just have a bit over 1 bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-09-02 06:19:49
Yea I bought $200 more at $47xx a bitcoin, and then when I saw it was back down to $46xx, I bought another $200.
@_date: 2017-09-01 16:12:51
Did you hear about the Jewish car? It can stop on a dime...and pick it up
@_date: 2017-09-15 00:30:15
Until the price stabilizes I'm not getting back into bitcoin at the moment. I had almost $9,000 in bitcoin 2 weeks ago, and I sold it for $5700. The fact that bitcoin lost 1 7th of the humans on the planet, and one of the largest economies on the planet, that does not bode well.
@_date: 2017-09-04 09:19:18
Well if it's due to a ban on ICO's I'm by no means a cryptocurrency expert, but I personally think a lot of ICO's are scams, and that they do damage to the cryptocurrency market as a whole in the long run. I mean I think all cryptocurrencies would suffer, if the Bear Sterns or Enron of ICO's came to public light and fellow cryptocurrency investors lost $billions on it.
@_date: 2017-09-01 10:03:10
I use to own a fast car. They're shit tons of fun, why I intend on getting another one.
@_date: 2017-09-05 05:36:57
Your bitcoins helped to enrich a bunch of other people in the end. Even though you "sold" them for what would now be considered minimal financial gain compared to today's prices, you helped humanity because some of those people also were profoundly financially better off from holding onto your coins. If the bitcoins never exchange hands, then it's a market that will never thrive. If everyone hoarded coins from the outset and no one sold them or used them to purchase anything, bitcoin would have died out a long time ago. Market's don't thrive when people hoard. It's why I'm against Supply-Side Economics.
@_date: 2018-04-20 09:42:44
Tell your daughter that she talked to a moron today. All the gold in the core of the earth and mantle doesn't count.
@_date: 2018-04-13 18:01:16
I see what the US Government is doing, and I don't like it. Running up $1 trillion+ deficits during a solidly running economy. Makes no sense. And I argue with shitheads that this is incredibly fiscally irresponsible to run up massive debts during good economic times. They don't care. 
And I just know what's going to happen when the economy crashes, those same people are going to argue that the time to balance the budget will be during the hardest of economic times. That's the kind of economic thinking that leads to depressions, enact massive economic suffering because you were living high on the hog during good economic times.
I don't have much faith in how the US Government is being ran, I dumped most of my $USD into Bitcoin because of that. I still have a stock account and all that, but I'm thinking of selling that too (Not going to necessarily turn it into bitcoin though, since I'm probably overly invested as it sits now).
@_date: 2017-06-24 23:32:58
Yea I just bought a bitcoin a few days ago. Technically I'm down a bit on my investment, but I'm ok with that just because right now since their market cap is so tiny, it's extremely volatile.
But in total wealth, I probably don't even have 15% of my assets in bitcoin so it's not the end of the world if it loses a bunch.