@_author: supersillious
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:13:47
Buying quality companies that pay a dividend at a reasonable price, is not "playing the market."  It is buying an asset that produces a return.  Even if the price goes to zero (which it wouldn't as long as it pays a dividend) you still have an income stream.
Buying real estate for rental at a reasonable price is investing.  Buying real estate with the expectation of flipping it later to another buyer is gambling.
Owning assets simply to preserve purchasing power in a relatively depreciating currency is neither investing nor gambling.  It's really just wealth preservation.  Piling money into bitcoin has nothing to do with wealth preservation.  Buying real estate has long been a wealth preservation strategy.  At least you can live in a house.  Buying real estate with a loan however, is more speculation on interest rates and the local economy than anything else as your "wealth" that you have "invested" is small relative to the value of the leveraged asset and likely to be completely wiped out.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:17:14
Yes people do by shares for dividends and you can find some sane advisors telling people to do that... the rest, which is basically most people, are just speculating.
This is a consequence of the central bank controlling and manipulating the yardstick we all use to measure performance in order to make it possible to finance government deficits.  The fact is more people in a truly free market with a government that wasn't perpetually broke would be investing in bonds and utilities and more conservative things that paid interest and had superior claims to common stock.
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:48:38
Investing is buying an ASSET that produces INCOME.
Buying something and expecting to sell it later at a higher price is SPECULATING.
Know the difference.
To make a BTC "investment" you would give your BTC to a company on loan or to purchase equity, and expect to be paid interest or dividend income in BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-12 00:38:01
I believe Bitcoin is a game changer too.  I was around in '99-'00 during the first phase of cypto currency enthusiasm chatting about chaumian ecash and partying with financial cypto crowd.  I always knew it would come eventually.  Still too damn hard for normals to use.  PGP is too hard for normals.  These products are getting better though and the innovation surrounding Bitcoin is very promising.
Productivity has increased for some workers and unfortunately rather than people retraining and moving across country to find better types of work, they seem to be just leaving the workforce and going on one of the various programs, at least in the US.  I don't know what the solution is but adding massively to the lists of those dependent on government transfer schemes is not going to end well.
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:46:56
Investing is buying an ASSET that produces INCOME.
Buying something and expecting to sell it later at a higher price is SPECULATING.
Know the difference.
To make a BTC "investment" you would give your BTC to a company on loan or to purchase equity, and expect to be paid interest or dividend income in BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-11 05:51:18
Investing is buying an ASSET that produces INCOME.
Buying something and expecting to sell it later at a higher price is SPECULATING.
Speculating is basically gambling.  Do it for fun, with money you can afford to lose.  You are basically betting on the behaviour of a crowd.  You are not betting on the fundamentals of a business or its management or a particular enterprise.
To make a BTC "investment" you would give your BTC to a company or person on loan or use BTC to purchase equity in a business venture, and expect to be paid interest or dividend income in BTC.  Anything else is speculating.
People need to be really clear on this concept.
EDIT: Downvote all you want.  Ignorance is bliss.  Fools and their money are soon parted and all that...
@_date: 2013-03-24 02:26:27
I bought my first bitcoins yesterday knowing I did not want to pay the current "market price" as it felt very toppy.  In the process of watching the real time order book, I observed what seemed to be obvious algorithmic (robot) traders putting in small bids at every tick.  I realised that in a falling or rising market, to avoid buying at the top of the market for the day, it makes sense to make a lot of small orders at various ticks throughout the expected trading range.  That way you average into the position.  So for example, if the last couple days saw a run up from 60 to 70+, I thought well why not make a bid at 69, 68, 67, 66, 65, 64, 63, etc on down to 60.  I put in the orders and stopped watching.  Sure enough all of them were filled.  I haven't calculated the average but my effective price for the whole batch should be somewhere in the middle.  At the time I put in the order it was around 72-73.   Does anyone else use a strategy like this?  Is there a name for it?  Are people writing automatic trading algos for this?
@_date: 2013-04-12 10:52:13
Can you tell me which app you are using.  I would like to check it out.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:25:20
Why the reaction?  Why do you need to believe you are "investing?"  Plenty of speculators make money.  Many more lose.  The ones who make the most become gurus.  Hard to tell if they aren't just lucky.  This is a deep problem in the financial industry.
You know I am right.  Not all purchases are investments.  That is precisely what I am saying.  People are idiots.  Especially middle-class "investors."  No news here.
This has nothing per se to do with bitcoin but productivity hasn't increased that much.  People still waste time on facebook at work when the boss turns away.  The base economy of the US hasn't grown in 40 years -- about as long as I've been alive.  It's all been a bunch of borrowing and leveraging up and liquidating real assets.   The average "informed person" is so misinformed actually it will be painful to watch their education.