@_author: supersaijinkyle
@_date: 2013-04-10 06:40:10
I also wonder if a problem right now is a lot of people who are jumping in are only in it for a quick profit, and not because they believe in Bitcoin.
This influx of people who are uneducated about the market, is seems very reminiscent to the 2008-2009 housing market bust to me.  Everyone saw real estate doing super well, it had been on a huge increase in a short amount of time.  People decided to start investing in real estate for quick profit, and many emptied their savings or took out loans they couldn't afford to do so.  
These people weren't looking to invest...they were looking for a get rich quick scheme.  Then when the good times ended you now had all this real estate property out there that no one really wanted, and a lot of people burned who jumped in at the end.
Something like that happening with Bitcoin could be a huge set back, and possibly destroy its future.
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:59:39
Perhaps it will scare off some of those who don't understand markets and aren't in it because they believe in Bitcoin, but because they just want to make a quick buck.
edit; missed a word
@_date: 2013-04-10 06:55:00
I don't think a lot of people are really thinking about this.  Right now we are seeing prices rise, and that is because their is a demand for Bitcoin.  However, the demand seems to exist because the price is rising, and people want to get in and be able to make some quick money on them.  These people are not buying Bitcoin because they believe in the currency, they are only jumping in to make money.  There will come a point where this type of demand won't be able to support itself any further, and Bitcoin could see huge drops in price as these people attempt to sell off all their Bitcoin, thus flooding the market.  
I feel that what is needed to help secure Bitcoin and prevent any dramatic declines from wrecking its future are more merchants willing to accept Bitcoin.  More, bigger, and reputable merchants accepting Bitcoin adds true value to it.  It could result in more people actually using it as a currency, rather than hoarding it like a precious metal just waiting to sell off when the time is right to make a profit.
@_date: 2013-04-13 04:17:30
I think we are in need of /true_bitcoin
@_date: 2013-04-07 22:55:30
If this is being used as something to circulate among those who are familiar with Bitcoin, than this could be considered witty.  However, if you are trying to explain Bitcoin to those who have no clue what it is...this does a terrible job.
If I showed this to my mother, who has no clue what Bitcoins are, she would think they were some modern form of a credit card.  Thus assuming that they were just another way to get things now, and pay for them later.  Considering the bad rep that credit cards have now, I don't think it is a good idea to try and compare the two.
@_date: 2013-04-10 16:06:05
That is not the way to improve Bitcoin right now.  All it would do is draw more people in to a market that is just feeding itself with hype at this point.
The way to help Bitcoin is to convince bigger, popular, and reputable merchants to start accepting it in transactions.  This will add actual value to Bitcoin outside of just selling it to the new people jumping on the bandwagon.