@_author: superman0x
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:10:32
The way that this is stated is misleading... but the end result is basically true. Let me rephrase this to something more coherent, and you will see:
1. Miners will spend their resources mining the crypto that provides the most profit (greed is good).
2. Once the block rewards run out, fees will be needed to provide incentives.
The basic issue is that the BTC 'problems' create a higher profit scenario for miners. In addition, they create a scenario where even after the block rewards run out, mining will still be profitable.
It is true that the artificial congestion of BTC has created a scenario where it is in the miners best interest (both short and long term) to min BTC. If BCH wants to compete with this it needs to find both a short term, and long term solution.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:03:15
At this point, the single most common use of bitcoin is to store value (i.e. as an investment). This is not going to change any time soon, and in fact, it may never change.
So, how do we get around this, and use bitcoin for currency? Well, the solution that is already happening (and will continue) is consolidation via exchange. Exchanges have the ability to operate as a bank, and to transfer funds internally. This allows them to bypass both the long delays, as well as the fees associated with the transactions. It is only when funds have to be moved between the exchanges that they must do an actual transaction... in which case they are using Tether.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it. -George Santayana
@_date: 2017-12-04 18:23:11
There seems to be a lack of understanding about what Banks are/do. Bitcoin has already started down the classic banking path. What do you think Coinbase and other online wallets are?
The ability of online wallets to accumulate accounts of customers, and then to do transactions between these accounts internally, or with other online wallets is the basic function of banks. I do expect regulations to catch up, and for traditional banks to either buy in or start their own crytocurrency wallets. That will just be a formalization of the process that has already started.
The only way to avoid this is for individuals to make/receive all payments 100% with their own wallets (i.e. pay in cash, not via bank). This is something that has gone out of fashion... but that could come back with the addition of faster/cheaper transactions via the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2017-11-03 16:07:54
You really need to HOPE that there is a major 30%+ adjustment to BTC due to the upcoming fork. If there is not, then it is in for very hard times once the BTC futures market launches. 
Futures are very high risk, and bring both a huge amount of speculation, as well as extreme volatility for adjustments. This is going to pour a lot of fuel onto an already unstable fire. If there is not and adjustment (which is realistically needed) before this happens, it will just make the crash bigger when it does finally catch up.
@_date: 2018-02-14 06:38:17
I always think that statements like this are hilarious. Banks (as an industry) have changed policy overnight and in unison for one simple reason. They were advised to do this by the SEC. They were told that if they did not make this change, and immediately, that they could be held responsible for Fraudulent Lending practices.
It is hardly an antitrust issue when companies comply with a directive from the government in order to avoid being shut down/prosecuted.