@_author: supercargo
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:07:14
Yeah it seems like a huge gray area to me and the definitions are of course not in the statute and therefor established by precedent and enforcement.  The accountants and tax attorneys would have to weigh in, but this could end up being decided in court.  I just learned that you can make a like-kind exchange of livestock, but not livestock of opposite sexes.  No one really knows if different cryptos are in the same or different asset classes in the view of the IRS, you can sort of make a case either way.
It seems like this will be political before it is straightforward.  If the US govt decided to "crack down" on tax evasion by crypto-currency traders, they could conveniently decide that each crypto is its own asset class.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:39:05
In the US for tax purposes you should be treating each different crypto currency as a different type of asset.  So far all we know from the IRS is that crypto currency holdings are treated the same way you treat any regular thing that you can buy and sell and can be assigned a dollar value at the time of the sale: fine art, beanie babies, potted plants...my understanding is that you would realize gains or losses whenever these assets change hands.  Transactions from one wallet to another under your control is a non-event.  Exchanging one crypto currency for another, one crypto currency for fiat, or one crypto currency for goods/services is always an exchange with a counter-party and you have to convert both sides of the transaction to dollars at the time of the event and realize gains/losses.
Huge disclaimer: I may be getting some of the details wrong on this, but this is my current best understanding based on what guidance the IRS has given.
@_date: 2017-08-07 12:59:29
That sounds sort of like a downward spiral type issue, and if it is the case then I really don't understand the whole RPi vs $20k node debate.
Supporting Raspberry Pis is ridiculous except to make the point about how lightweight your software is, and this alleged $20k node is waaaay over priced, even with 64MB block sizes.  Some guy just did a write up on of his 832TB file server he built for $35k[1].  So, for $35k you can build a machine that can literally hold over 5,500 copies of the entire block chain. I just ran a speed test on my cell phone and it clocked in at 15mbps.  That's 1.8 megabytes per second, aka more than a full block per second...over the shitty ass cell network.  And yet it takes me two weeks to sync 150GB on 150mbps symmetrical fiber?
1: 
@_date: 2017-08-07 19:42:34
Yeah, I guess maybe it all comes down to who you can peer with.  I tried a few things: made sure ports were mapped and increased the max peers above 8. Network activity was very spiky.  Apparently the signed torrent thing used to be standard, but they stopped updating them now that the peer-to-peer setup built into the client is supposed to be as good, but in reality I can pull torrents down at 14-15 megabytes / second.  At that rate I should be able to download the whole block chain in less than 6 hours.
@_date: 2017-08-23 11:42:01
@_date: 2017-08-07 13:15:19


@_date: 2017-08-07 12:36:04
Something sucks.  I'm a newcomer to bitcoin since May this year.  I've tried to "do all the thing" to get a feel for it.  I bought some coin on the exchanges, traded, setup wallets, run a full node, GPU mined some alt coins, made a major purchase with bitcoin.
Getting the core node up and running wasn't exactly the hardest part, but it had just about the most friction compared to any of these other things.  The initial download time was closer to two weeks on my very fast Internet connection (not that the connection was being fully used). My copy of the block chain also became corrupt at about 90% the first time through due to bitcoin core software crashing.  So another two weeks on the second attempt.  So like I said, not hard, but very frustrating.  I don't really care if the full chain is 150GB or 2 TB, I have the disk space which is cheap, I have the bandwidth, but the software doesn't seem up to it.
My interest in all this is/was to gauge maturity and adoption, which to me seems much more important long term than market cap.
@_date: 2017-09-20 12:57:58
Given the current politicization of Bitcoin it may be true that any solutions to the fungibility problem are far off, but technical solutions are in the works and have very solid mathematical underpinnings.
ZCash is looking very promising as a source of technology that can help here.  That project is still in its early days; for instance the tech needed to create private transactions without a ton of CPU and memory (i.e. supporting private transactions in mobile wallets) is still a few months away.  But with Ethereum already planning on adopting the zero knowledge proofs which were first put to widespread use in ZCash, the project is already showing itself to be a valuable real-world incubator for solutions to the fungibility problem.
This blog post summarizes the work being done in this area: 
@_date: 2017-07-03 16:27:05
It would be nice if the work put into Proof of Work had utility beyond securing the block chain.  Imagine your proof of work algorithm is also solving something like protein folding, or training machine learning models, or something else that has utility outside the context of the block chain.  Then all that electricity just becomes the input to a global super computer and a secure block chain is a side effect.
I'll admit that I haven't thought this through too much, but it seems like a much better direction than comparing power consumption to whatever the existing banking system consumes directly (all their IT infrastructure) and indirectly (whatever bankers decide to spend their salary and bonuses on)
@_date: 2017-06-27 17:48:27
Can you play bitcoin or do they just have an exchange rate to chips based on dollar rate?
@_date: 2017-06-27 17:46:22
People won't feel safe about storing value in bitcoin until the things they need in their lives are priced in bitcoin.  Otherwise it is always a question of "what is that in dollars". (Or local fiat of your choice)