@_author: superxu
@_date: 2015-01-23 17:16:31
hahaha, u r funny but u r wrong.
I did use Carriage Return, but it turned out this way, I don't know why.
@_date: 2015-01-23 18:01:49
Yes, the workers should be protected, this is a major issue ppl care about and our govt is not doing the best. However, if there is a job, you don't take it, a lot of others can replace you, that is also the reality here. We do have a huge population and competition for living. So this needs time and I believe it will be solved.
About the IP theft, govt should police more and the business men should follow the rules by themselves. As I said, most of us hate it. 
So don't feed the lazy money makers any more. It will change a lot and hope meanwhile we will realize the standardization. 
@_date: 2015-01-22 14:59:13
As a Chinese, I really want to clarify two things. 
First, most of us are embarrassed by all the clones or copies or Shaizhai products. We feel ashamed that the bloody lazy business men are destroying our reputation, making us look like we don't have creativity. We hate ppl making fun of us on "made in China". Trust me, we would change it if we can. But however, money works. they won't stop cloning unless there is no market. So guys pls stop buying the clones or copies, we appreciate it. thank you all !!
Second, lot of ppl are complaining the bad quality of "made in China". Really? have you ever thought about the cheap cost and labor? Do you really expect an equal quality? Come on, guys, why do you buy it? of course because of the cheaper price. so you should accept it, it is your own choice, ok? If you don't like it, buy a not "made in China" one, don't complain to us, we are tired of it. You should be responsible for your own decision. Who doesn't want cheap and good things? But this is not how it works, it is business. The workers they don't make money, the money only goes to the business men. Again, no market demand, no products. The ones who desire cheaper price, you are the motivation and bad roots.
So if you really care about your bitcoin, you know what to choose. 