@_author: supercosm
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:36:39
Well, we can't stop the bashing.
**Yes we can** work to reduce its frequency and intensity.
There are no assholes. Only asshole actions which we are all capable of.
Nobody is *ever* responsible for your feelings or interpretations except you.


I didnt get all excited about alt currencies so I could distance myself from other people. I think its part of a zeitgeist to further enhance trust and connection in humans; not to protect us from having to trust anyone.
I used to spend a lot of time worrying about assholes. I discovered Emotional Intelligence and Non-Violent Communication, which both had a big impact on how I communicate.
If we can first...
Be kind to ourselves, know our own behaviours, and keep track of our constant  flow of emotion.
Then we can also...
Make room to connect with others. Understand the small and big needs of our loved ones. Meet whatever needs of others we have space for, only out of love and not obligation. Each of us need a reminder some times: that you are number 1, and its valuable work learning to love yourself.
@_date: 2017-08-20 05:33:06
I think we seem to mostly agree.
Everyone can change. But they won't change for the better while people are pointing fingers at them. They will change when their basic needs are being met. This can be as part of a life changing event. After having heard a short biography from an ex Neo-Nazi I can see that he was fortunately able to channel the good inside him and wake up to reality.
I don't believe in infinite forgiveness, I'm not sure why you bunch that together. If someone is incredibly toxic, it requires a professional to connect with them. But it is almost always possible.
Super simplistic process...
Angry at specific members of society&gt;Gets help&gt;Confronts and deals with anger inside&gt;Slowly connects more with society&gt;Becomes a better person&gt;Appears to be less of an asshole and has broken the pattern.
I know a lot of people who others would call assholes. I have some friends separately "Paul" and "Rita" who I have known for years and have now both changed significantly and gone down a dark path. Paul is not a bad guy. Rita is not a bad girl. Paul gets called an asshole all the time (he has some unfortunate fears of certain society members). Rita has pushed all of her friends away. I am one of the only people in our friend group that wants to connect with Paul and Rita because I loved them years ago and I still love them.
If you find my points of view interesting, you should watch this TED talk 
@_date: 2017-08-20 04:19:41
Thanks for agreeing to be respectful! :) This is the first time I interact on reddit actually...
IMHO there is a heavy burden of proof (on you) that someone can be '100% asshole'. Nature does not deal in absolutes.
The truth is all humans are *both good and bad* in a beautiful and complex way. And with behaviours you can not deal in percentages or majorities (and definitely not 0s and 1s)
Nature does not deal in absolutes.
We are all just made of soil, and in the end trees will eat us all.
People who tend to criticise others a lot tend to also be self critical (in some situations that behaviour might not even be so apparent).
I get that what im saying is easier said than done. But what would life be like if no one trusted anyone? Us humans are built to connect. And its sometimes the humans that are lacking connection (i.e. inadequate amounts of love and security - basic human needs) are the ones that *seem like* one-dimensional assholes. No one is one-dimensional. Im not saying you have to go out and hug a guy who is struggling on the "path" you outlined; although I think for some of those guys, *all they may really need* is a really loving hug and genuine connection from another human. Remember whenever we point the finger, there are three pointing back at ourselves.
@_date: 2017-08-20 02:45:54
Can someone please ELI5? I know a little bit about the fork. What is the replay?
@_date: 2017-08-20 03:13:11
Thanks for your reply. I think i need to do still more basic research on how the blockchain works before I fully understand what you said. I am really new to it.