@_author: superportal
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:43:36


It's an argument that governments and fiat currencies fail. Bank accounts throughout the world are often not insured, even when governments say they are.


I'm aware of that- I edited the term "taxpayers" to "others" probably as you were replying (before your reply was posted). 
Nevertheless there are still costs associated with the FDIC insurance which are passed on to consumers and frequent concerns about whether FDIC funds could cover a major banking crisis.


No, that's not true. Most people refer to both the payment network technology and the currency aspect. Everybody knows it's speculative, and shouldn't invest more than you are prepared to lose.
Also you should explain why if regulation in the financial sector is so effective why there are so many $billion+ defaults and constant banking crises?
[edit] Regarding taxpayer bank bailouts:
The bank bailout cost US taxpayers nothing? Think again
S&amp;L and bank crisis of the 1980s
"Final combined total for all direct and indirect losses of FSLIC and RTC resolutions was an estimated $152.9 billion. Of this total amount, U.S. taxpayer losses amounted to approximately $123.8 billion (81% of the total costs.)[13]"
Taxpayers still owed more than $200 billion from bailouts
@_date: 2014-04-24 17:54:32


First, it is modern technology providing new benefits to society. Medical, computer, and communications technology. It's not advances/changes in the State that has made life better. 
Second, to reinforce that, in all places where more advanced technology is not available - which by some measures is 70%+ of the world's population - those government are not providing adequate services like you assume. In those places the governments are not seen as a big success. When you say government is doing alright, you are mostl likely cherry-picking the richest and most technologically advanced examples as successful states, ignoring the vast amount of failures..
(2) As mentioned above new technologies are what has improved people's lives, not govenment - So it already a proven alternative to develop technologies that can replace traditional government services..
New technologies are created every day which improve people's lives without government. Off the top of my head  - (a) Security technologies to protect homes and businesses better than can be done by police.  Police used to be primarily used for patrol/security, keeping areas safe, now they rarely do that because they have been replaced by electronic systems/camera etc. (b) Just reading recently about the reduced need for fire departments because more new buildings/homes are using bult-in fire retardent systems proven to prevent 99+% of fires from spreading. (c) Financial technologies which do not rely on government as a middleman. (ie. Bitcoin), still developing but cryptocurrencies show promise, (d) internet was mostly government infrastrucure in the beginning but was replaced by private infrastrucure technologies. 
I could list a lot more but I don;t have time at the moment. 
Basically anything the government does can be done privately, and that can be enhanced with better technologies.


I presume you are coming at this from a priviledged position compared to most of world. Things can change rapidly - look at history. There were millions of people killed in government-initated wars in past century. If you lived in Germany in the early 1900s, you would have been a citizen among one of the richest countries/empires at the time. By 1917 there was a complete reversal and you'd be either dead (war) or broke. 
Lesson: don't be smug in your comfort for what your government currently offers you, that can change quickly and has recurrently throughout history.
 
@_date: 2014-02-26 01:36:21
If $100k is insured, that insurance is only for a numerical amount not the value of $100k in goods (ie. in inflation). And people all around the world have had bank accounts devalued by inflation. FDIC does not protect your cash savings from devaluation.
@_date: 2014-04-25 08:26:53
It's funny how people try to reduce different types of money to having one property, when money actually uses different ypes of media that has different properties.
Money is a measure of value, but that's not all it is, that's just one component of what it is 


No. There have been different types of money throughout history and they are subject to different forces - 
Seashells, beads, gold and paper currency have all been used as money, but that doesn't mean they are *only* a measure of value and subject to all the same forces. Obviously they have distinct, different properties too.  Some money is better used for certain uses than others, and is preferred over other types of money for that reason.
@_date: 2014-02-26 03:33:17
No, my original point was: Governments/banking systems have failed many times, so you are not inherently safe because a government made a promise of insuring your account.
Then you went off on a tangent about the FDIC, which is a cherry-picked example of the most powerful country out of 200+ countries in the world. That doesn't disprove or detract from my point which applies and holds true generally to governments &amp; financial systems throughout the world.  
Also, as I pointed out, and you did not refute, the FDIC example doesn't even apply to Bitcoin. There are many purposes for using Bitcoin other than simply saving money in the most conservative account.
And how have you proven my original assertion wrong?


(1) Are governments and financial systems throughout the world inherently stable? No, they fail all the time, as I showed in my links. 
(2) Are all governments to be trusted on their financial assertions? No. they fail, mislead and lie all the time, as the financial crises show. 
(3) Are there banking crises that adversely affect people's savings? Yes, all the time throughout the world.
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:06:16
Not much else to add...
The FDIC is only covering US savings/checking,CDs. That's pretty limited. 
Very few people put all or most of their money in those financial instruments. Even if they did, in something like CDs, that doesn't diminish the value of bitcoin. People invest in bitcoin and use it as a currency because of the technology, future potential, ease of use and other reasons not offered by a fiat currency.
Also, people realize it's a new technology and subject to speculation and ups/downs, like other new technologies and investments.  And, as I mentioned it's rumored that a theft might be involved which would not be covered by the FDIC anyway. So bringing up the FDIC has nothing to do with it.
Also, contrary to your misinformed belief in the constant stability of the financial system - banking &amp; economic crises are frequent and often not prevented by regulatory authorities. So simply the fact that there is an FDIC is not a guarantee that a US dollar FDIC account would hold it's value or be untouched by economic/banking instability.
List of major banking crises mostly in the past 50 years throughout the world (including OECD countries, supposedly regulated):
  
List of 45 examples of very-high inflation and/or hyperinflation, in the past 100 years (most in the past 50 years):
 
@_date: 2014-02-25 13:58:01


In the US perhaps (notwithstanding inflation, and accounts over FDIC limit), but that's not true throughout most of the world. Hundreds of currencies have defaulted and/or bank accounts and retirement funds reduced dramatically or worthless.
Regardless, Bitcoin is new technology, and right now it's more of an investment with the potential to be a currency rather than simply a currency. So the analogy to a FDIC account is incorrect. In the US people lose money on investments all the time and investments are not backed by the FDIC.
btw, See how often there are major bank failures in the US:  
The fact that the FDIC insures the failures simply means others who had nothing to do with it are on the hook.
Also, according to the FDIC, accounts are not covered for  "Losses due to theft or fraud".  (Mt Gox's failure rumored to possibly be related to theft) 
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:37:24


Private individuals and businesses - either purchasing products from companies, investing or through their taxes. 
The vast majority of R&amp;D, product  development, and manufacturing is done by private businesses, not government. 
Even where government funds certain things (ie. defense industry) it still gets that moneyfrom private individuals and companies through taxes and then contracts it back out to private companies (ie Lockheed Martin, Boeing).


No, that's not true, companies have contracts and plans for more than 5 years all the time.
You think when they are build a building a factory it's a 5 year plan/contract? No, many larger companies, such as building factories for example, make plans 20-30 years out+. Or bidding for wireless spectrum license which cost billions. Or developing a pharmaceutical drug where the costs are amortized over 20 years vs. expected profit in that time?.


Yes, private companies have the means, desire and profit motive to put things into space (ie communication satellites), so yeah I do think a space program would exist. Various companies already are doing things like that right now. Would it have happened differently than say as it did going to the moon as a PR gimmick? I'm sure it would have, but that doesn't mean there wouldn't be a space program. 
I'm actually in a field where I see firsthand massive private scientific and technological innovation all the time from private companies - unequivocally there would still be technological development with less or no government funding. And as I said government R&amp;D funding is much less than private R&amp;D funding.
@_date: 2014-04-25 05:28:19


The ideas being argued for here specifically advocate only private security based on voluntary agreements. 
So you are arguing something else, issue  above - not whether a choice is better or not - but how a system can be maintained that offers choice. 
If you claim that a system of choice cannot be maintained, I disagree because in every other example of non-government restricted competition there is at least some choice. You can buy different kinds of cars, computers, phones, foods etc. The only examples which refute that is where government has placed restrictions which create barriers of prohibitive entry into the market, thus restricting the market and legally enforcing a monopoly or oligopoly.


No they aren't, they have much less incentive to be cost-effective.
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:35:53


Problem is government isn't that stable - Just about every country in the world has had a recurrent theme of government failures.
@_date: 2014-02-26 04:08:12
Notice how you haven't refuted any of my so-called "unfounded assertions". Even after I clearly numbered them for you to do so.
So now you are trying to make up some strawman arguments (arguments I never made) in order to divert attention from your failure. 
I never claimed Bitcoins are more stable than than a USD account currently.  Bitcoin is attractive to people for reasons other than merely as a savings account. 
Also, for purposes of having a savings account, in many countries government insurance of it's fiat currency denominated accounts is not a magic solution - there are recurrent government/banking failures throughout the world where government has failed in it's promises.
@_date: 2014-04-15 06:24:33


Reversal is a disadvantage to the cc co. and amazon, because it costs money to research/retract accidental payments. It would be in Amazon's advantage to have an automated reversal process.
An escrow service would be easy and transparent. Set it up so an initial payment is received by a open source DAO, and if it needs to be retracted there is a refund code that goes to the DAO, and the funds revert to the original address. If no refund code is received by the DAO during the "retraction period" then payment is simply forwarded to the final destination. 
From the customers/company standpoint it's transparent. The company just sees a msg for an initial unconfirmed order which will be resolved in a short timeperiod (minutes or hours), and then it is automatically confirmed as paid when the retraction period lapses.
Another variation is there is a customizable wait period for once-click purchases actually built into the client wallet. It performs a similar function but just on the client side.
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:51:26
Duh... People buying Bitcoin *are not* looking for the equivalent of CD returns and safety. Anybody putting a lot of their savings in BTC is doing so because they want to speculate in a new technology and accept the risks.
Why are you even trolling here? You appear to be just a griefer trying to make points when there is small setback in a promising new technology. Most people don't troll a forum for a new technology that they think won't work, they just ignore it. You obviously have some vested interest - I wouldn't be surprised if you are a government or banking employee, possibly paid to troll here - you're adding nothing of value except for FUD. 
Like I said - What does the FDIC and CDs have to do with it??? NOTHING. People are not investing in Bitcoin for the purpose of having the most conservative savings account. And Bitcoin has A LOT of uses. People who send back remittances or travel a lot and get taken 10% off just for foreign ATM USD withdrawals and Western Union. Millions of people (or billions) would prefer to avoid banking fees and middlemen and keeping a small amount in Bitcoin and be able to pay in Bitcoin OR a similar system. 
Every new technology has naysayers like you that are proven wrong and this will be no different - whether it is Bitcoin or some other crytocurrency, decentralized finance is here to stay and the technology will only improve, just like other technologies.
@_date: 2014-04-24 16:56:15
That was pure propaganda - you haven't referenced facts, theories, authors, research or anything substantiantive to back your claims besides your fanciful imagination. But I have a few comments anyway.


Your problem with anarchy is it can't work because it will become something horrific... 
A group claiming a monopoly on force could force you into paying them. They might imprison people, torture them. These groups using force to consolidate power might even begin warring against each other too! and continually try to enlarge their tax... er.. extortion base.
Congratulations you just described the flaws of governments throughout the world. Your only real complaint is that anarchy might not be successful in preventing this.
So the alternatives: 
(1) we are in a perpetual loop of bad government as described by you, because conflict between/within states and corruption is inevitable and unstoppable. Solution: Hope you can vote in benevolent authorities and they choose benevolent bureaucrats to carry out their benevolent laws... leading to optimum results for each individual and society as a whole, while the conflicts of the past fade away. This has been tried for along time and has failed.
(2) we can discover new technologies &amp; ways to allow people to socialize and cooperate better to achieve goals without having to rely on benevolent government or a centralized authority to do it.
 is a proven loser already. 
I'd bet on  - creating new technologies that reduce reliance on government is by far the better alternative.  
I think in the long run it won't be much of a choice anyway-  you will either pick  or be left behind by technology and the society moves away from the old-style political orders.
@_date: 2014-03-01 01:07:11


So the taxpayer is going to be reimbursed with RBS assets? with taxpayer-loss insurance? When is this scheduled to occur?
@_date: 2014-04-24 18:42:09


Right, it does, if somebody tries to break in, that's detected and it records it and communicates back to a private security firm - that's a quite common feature nowadays. 
The same excellent service is not even offered at any price by police. It's also used to investigate who tried to break in or damage your property, and used as evidence in court. All without police involvement being necessary.


(1) you have a choice on who to pay, you pick the best service for you, just like you choose the best quality reputable product for anything else important you buy.
(2)  You can choose exactly what kind of service you need, not just sending a check to government hoping they will protect you.
(3) There is a signed contract where the company agrees to and is obligated legally to provide the service offered - unlike government where there is no legally-binding guarantee (as already decided in US courts you cannot sue the police for failure to provide law enforcement when it was needed) 
(4) It's more efficient, less costly and more effective than foot/car security patrols alone.
@_date: 2014-04-25 15:34:25


All you are saying is if somehow a voluntary system was competely taken over and became involuntary - like we currently have already - then it would create barriers to entry and a lack of market competition, and we'd be back to the same situation we're currently in.
Don't you see your circular argument? - "A bad involuntary system is ideal, because if we enacted a better voluntary system, it could at some point become a bad involuntary system in the future. So we should stick with the bad involuntary system." 
Anyway, that's a failed argument - The same logically invalid circular argument (which also lacks evidence) can be made about anything voluntary. 
ex: "We can't have people voluntarily choose a car they want, because a car company might end up trying to monopolize the whole industry. Therefore, since there is going to be a monopoly anyway eventually, let's just have one government car company."


No they don't. First, you have to distinguish between a natural monopoly and a government monopoly. A government monopoly uses force to maintain the monopoly, like the mafia. Although in the short run this can be profitable, the evidence shows in the long run it isn;t because it's every expensive to maintain a compulsory monopoly with force - threat of force, often against consumer will, has a cost.
As far as a natural monopoly, in a market economy , there is "potential competition, competition of substitutes, and the elasticity of demand." which eliminate profit margin. Read more here: The Phantom Called "Monopoly" -   - Also monopolies are less cost-effective and less innovative. And furthermore competing industries can be even more profitable, stealing business with new innovations and substitute products. This constrains the prices monopolies can charge, and thus constrains profit potential.
@_date: 2014-07-07 00:33:18


Maybe you missed my link, but that's absolute bullshit - money has always been a unit of account and store of wealth, and is today. If you are holding any cash, investing or making a contract based on money amounts then it must be. Learn something about finance before you spout off half-cocked nonsense.
@_date: 2014-04-25 04:58:57


Other private security firms that you &amp; other people can contract with. 
Who prevents government from running a protection racket now? 
Nobody, because they claim a monopoly on force and final dispute resolution and back that claim up with force..
Think about it - If you live in a country where the government is doing something unequivocally unjust, that you can do nothing about, and they want your money to fund it - what choice do you have? You must fund it or suffer harm. That already happens with many governments today around the world.


No, it's absurd to concentrate all defense, security into one organization, give them the power to make laws and then force people to pay for it, while threatening them if they don't. It's absurd to favor a monopoly on one of the most important services needed by people, where monopolies are obviously less beneficial to consumers in any other area.
@_date: 2014-07-06 01:24:58


According to who? Money throughout history (ie. gold, silver) has also been used as a store of value and a stable unit of account. See: 
@_date: 2014-04-25 16:28:57


Ok... it just annoys me when people incorrectly reduce money to that one component, which it isn't valid. That misses major details.
Historically, new types of money with new features superceded other forms and became most popular to be used as money/currency ie. seashells, superceded by silver, gold and then paper -  I think the whole point of Bitcoin is that it is at least aspires to be a better kind of money.




This sounds like a miscommunication - I've never heard anybody say the bitcoin price does not go up/down or supply/demand does not change. There is market supply (available to trade) and total money supply, so there are different types of supply.
If you want to talk "inflation/deflation" you need to define your terms for clarity, because there are some different theories for measuring inflation/deflation, which is probably the source of the confusion: 
(1) A lot of Monetarist (Chicago) and Austrian economists would point to money supply as being the defining measure of inflation, not price alone or demand (this is sometimes referred to as monetary inflation to distinguish it from other thoeries). So technically as Bitcoin is a fixed supply, under that definition, it's only slightly inflationary now and later it's deflationary. We know this because the money creation and supply is fixed programmatically. In this analysis, inflation isn't detemined by the ups/downs of the price of bitcoin, or by demand, it's determined by money supply.
(2) From a Keyensian perspective, inflation is measured as a rise in price of a basket of good vs. a particular currency (price inflation). So that analysis only works if you admit Bitcoin is a currency. Otherwise this analysis doesn't really apply to bitcoin. If bitcoin is a commodity you can't measure inflation by looking at Bitcoin, at best it could only be a component of any broader inflation. 
reference: 
@_date: 2013-12-14 14:40:31
I've cited your article, it led me to additional info and I also linked to it. 
You are ahead of your time, that's all. 
But I'm confused on why Wikipedia can delete this - 
(1) who put it up for deletion?  
(2) I did a Google search and there are previous articles on this so this is not necessarily original research. You should fight the deletion. 
(3) There is no wikipedia requirement that I am aware of that requires the subject to have had previous academic journal research. The requirement is that it cannot be original research and must be from reliable sources. If you can show that, there shouldn't be a problem.
(4) Also you might consider putting it on the more academic-oriented arXiv, I've seen some some good papers on there and I think if you follow their rules it can be done:  
@_date: 2013-12-14 15:40:54
The topic of DACs has already been published in 3 different articles by Bitcoin Magazine.
@_date: 2013-12-17 13:58:56


No, "stimulating the economy" with monetary policy creates more risk of malinvestment and bubbles.  
It causes malinvestment by encouraging speculative investments. Essentially it forces savers to put resources into speculative investments in order to not lose money from saving in an inflationary environment.


There is 0 risk in holding a currency? That's a new one. Holding any currency entails risk. Also the amount of deflation is relevant, and predictability and if technological improvements are decreasing the price of goods already, all this needs to be factored in.


As stated above - wrong. If you hold Bitcoin even if it is deflationary there is still risk on several levels. Let's say my value is growing 1% but I have an investment opportunity est. at 30%, wouldn't it make sense to spend/invest?  What happens when the risk of holding it is above the rate of deflation?


Nope. Also, you are confusing monetary deflation with general deflation. The supply of bitcoins could drop but the value of a bitcoin (as expressed in other currencies or vs. goods) could still go either up or down. Most bitcoin expert agree that monetary deflation would be very small (essentially at some point no more bitcoins would be made, and there would occasionally be "lost" coins. Maybe this could amt. to a very very small slow monetary defaltion - very predictable


Wrong- that hasn't been the case in Japan. Benchmark interest rates in Japan have gone *down* with deflation and have not gone substantially up. 