@_author: superriku11
@_date: 2015-06-04 00:56:30
It's easier to signup and transmit money with certain banks, than it is with Coinbase. 
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:45:39
If their servers are compromised by the feds, then you're overlooking one important detail. They still don't ask for any identifying information from you. And if they started doing that, it'd certainly be suspicious and not something you'd expect from them. By doing so, a lot of people probably would come to believe they've been compromised.
It's relatively easy to gain anonymity online, and maintain it, so long as you never have to reveal any information about yourself. I don't know if BTC-e allows Tor sign ins, but I would imagine they do. Tor is very difficult for governments to trace you back through. More so if you're connecting to a hidden service, which would be in BTC-e's best interest to setup. 
Every person using Tor that's been caught, that I've heard of, is because they slipped up in some way. They let some information leak somehow. And due to that, they were found. If you know how to protect yourself digitally and how to prevent data leaks, you're effectively one of two things. You're either impossible for them to find, or you'd make them spend more effort and resources than it's worth to find you.
So even if BTC-e is a honeypot of sorts, they still have virtually no more information than they did before on those who are actively protecting themselves, which are likely the people they're trying to find.
So if you realize this, then realize that they've probably come to the same conclusion. So they don't have much of a reason to turn BTC-e into a honeypot because they know it hardly lead them any closer, if at all, to the people they're trying to find.
@_date: 2014-03-18 06:26:42
I couldn't appreciate your response more. I believe they started out operating like other exchanges of their time, in that none of them cooperated with AML/KYC. Back when BTC-e was created, all exchanges were like that for the most part, including MtGox. You could sign up for an account, some exchanges didn't even ask your personal details, if they did, they didn't verify them, meaning you could lie if you wanted.
But what BTC-e did different from other exchanges that are still around or new exchanges that have been created, is they've protected themselves. They seem to have protected themselves thus far from being harassed by government into shutting down or complying with AML/KYC.
And I applaud them for doing so. This AML/KYC nonsense hasn't been around very long. At least, not in the absurdly overreaching way it exists today. Before 9/11 it was a lot better. And while 9/11 is a very debatable topic, one thing is undeniable. The government used it as a springboard into justification to invade our privacy, hinder our activities, and restrict our freedoms and rights.
BTC-e is perhaps the best exchange out there. They have the lowest fee, they have no verification requirements whatsoever, and they clearly do this intentionally. They're trying to give their customers the best experience possible. 
And personally, I trust them just as much, if not more, than "legitimate" exchanges. Because any "legitimate" business is forced to cave to government pressure, because the government pretty arbitrarily reigns over all financial happenings. And I don't know about you, but my distrust for the government is ever growing. Every time some news comes out about government, not just the U.S. government, but practically any government, it's bad. They're all trying to be overreaching in some way. 
So I don't find it too unreasonable to trust a service that's been running for years with less problems than other exchanges who, because they chose to obey their governments, had many more issues with frozen funds, halted services, or even being shut down. I have a lot more distrust for what actions a government may take. Such as [robbing someone of over 700k EUR](
Statistically and logically speaking based on the history of events, trusting BTC-e makes a lot more sense than placing trust in exchanges that are, essentially by extension, controlled by governments.
@_date: 2014-03-18 06:11:40
Their bank doesn't necessarily know who they are. It's very possible they used a verifiable fake ID constructed specifically for operating their exchange. The bank would certainly have no way of knowing and even the government would only be able to have the suspicion that it's fake, no solid confirmation in either direction, fake or not.
If they did that, whatever identity they used to obtain bank accounts, assuming they did it cleanly, is essentially a burnable identity. If things get bad they can run and leave almost no trace behind. If they're actually professionals and are well informed about what they're doing and the best way to do it, they're not going to be caught.
@_date: 2014-02-06 06:45:24
I like you. More specifically, the way you think. If everyone operated like you things would be great. Any transaction would just be a part of the massive mess of transactions all run through tumblers every now and then and relayed by Tor IPs. It'd be near impossible to link anyone to anything. And it would be great. Because when the majority it anonymous, anonymity itself is stronger than when just the few who require it are anonymous.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:39:22
I couldn't agree more. Too many people place blind trust on banks and governments because they simply haven't decided to think for themselves on the matter.
Too many people will allow other people to more or less think for them, and that has created many problems in the world today. I like to present a good argument for whatever I feel is logical to use or to trust, but I do this with the hope that it will get people thinking about it more, on their own. And if they don't come to the same conclusion due to a differing in opinion, that's fine, at least they put some thought into their decision. 
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:06:13
This is really a moot point, because ID requirements are no challenge for those willing to operate outside of the rules and boundaries of the system anyways.
@_date: 2014-09-25 18:49:01
Well, at least they're accepting BTC. That's more likely to stand out to people who use it. Though I don't see why they couldn't just put in an image like Dell did. Maybe you should send them an email about it.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:15:48
What's more shady? That a financial service has been operating for years with relatively few problems, due to their disassociation from their government? Or that "legitimate" financial services have to bend over at their government's will, and as a result of that, they've encountered many more problems? On a simple trust-by-statistics basis, BTC-e already has a much better track record than most governments.
My best example is what I linked already in another comment, how [someone got robbed of over 700k]( and it's not even like it was a small portion of his money. It was most of his money, actually. This was a government action that robbed him of his hard earned money. And since they're the government and if they decide to do whatever they want, nobody can do anything about it, he's basically SOL as far as recovering that money. And he's not the only person this happened to either. Like he stated in his thread, anyone with more than 100,000 EUR could've been legally robbed like he was. And anyone who's a reasonably good saver or investor, or nearing retirement, probably has more than 100,000 EUR.
It's one thing if a business that most people feel they should place reasonable distrust on does that. Because anyone who has a grain of common sense hopefully wouldn't store more money than they need to there. But when governments and banks work together to do essentially the same thing, it's much worse. They're both organizations that strongly encouraged people to trust them. And that people unfortunately do trust, even though they've proven time and time again that they're not worthy of anyone's trust. They abuse their position to do just what you fear BTC-e could do. But really, anyone could do that, whether they're "legitimate" or not.
I pretty clearly see BTC-e as the lesser of two evils.
@_date: 2014-03-18 17:37:53
They *could* be transparent with their holdings, but it would make them easier to find, if they truly are effectively hiding. Think about it. You're the overreaching government(s), you have records from various bank accounts that algorithms have flagged as suspicious. Yet if BTC-e is effective with their hiding, you don't have much of a way of knowing which is theirs. But, if you know about how much money they have, it suddenly becomes easier.
I see BTC-e as taking the stance of "You don't need to know about us, and we don't need to know about you." And it works very well. By not revealing information about themselves, they protect themselves, and by not asking you to reveal information about yourself, you're also protected.
@_date: 2014-07-28 06:43:45
According to [their website]( if you're transacting less than $3,000 worth of BTC, it would appear they only require SMS verification, which isn't ridiculous, it's easy to bypass if you don't have a phone or don't want to use your own.
However, they also state [here]( under the "KYC Compliance" tab, that additional verification options can enabled and configured by the operator. 
So basically it depends on the decisions of whoever owns the ATM.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:02:56
As far as regulation, I personally, being a Libertarian, am apposed to most forms of regulation. But I recognize that the government tends to not want to lose their control over financial happenings, and many people support that too. So I wouldn't be too strongly against regulation so long as it doesn't hinder one's ability to use Bitcoin as it's meant to be used. As long as Bitcoin isn't forced to go through all that banks go through, it'll probably be fine. Minor regulation, if done properly, would be tolerable.
I'm not aware of any important happenings outside of the major headlines.
And what the professional world needs to know about Bitcoin is similar to what people need to know. It's hard to explain quickly. But they need to understand the basics of how peer-to-peer transactions work, how this puts the power and control in the people's hands, and why this is a very good thing.
@_date: 2014-03-18 18:06:43
Which is exactly why I said in another reply that any Bitcoins you intend to keep should be in safe and secure cold storage.
@_date: 2014-03-03 18:45:38
Unless you have Google Voice setup on a separate Google account you sign into separately, in a Private Browsing session so that it's never saved. That provides better security in my mind, for people that don't have cell phones. 
Or even for those that do. If someone has your cell phone, most phones display text messages on the lock screen even if you can't get into the phone at all. You only need the actual phone and not the ability to get past it's lock. Where as with a secondary Google account meant only (or at least primarily) for Google Voice, assuming you use passwords correctly, nobody can access that account nearly as easily as they can access your phone.
@_date: 2014-03-18 07:06:09
Like other exchanges, they may've had meetings with banks to find one that understood the nature of their service and was willing to do business with them. 
And I never said people shouldn't be cautious. I place a pretty equal amount of distrust on pretty much everything. Everyone, when working with *any* exchange, should always plan for the worst, and hope for the best. Meaning getting your security and funds in place for the possibility that even a "legitimate" exchange could disappear.
Any funds you want to keep should be in secure cold storage. If you're a trader, keep only the minimal amount of funds you feel you need in your exchange account(s).
@_date: 2016-10-12 04:04:39
I'm going to preface this comment by saying, I agree with you in regards to BTC-e, and I really like them myself. I've used their site for nearly 5 years.
But in regards to banks supposedly not wanting to touch a BTC trading company that doesn't do checks, that is essentially what has happened with BTC-e.
Now, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong. I haven't traded BTC in a while. However, when I did, BTC-e's KYC procedure was practically non-existent. It only happened if you tripped certain flags. But you should be able to open a brand new account, transfer fiat or BTC in, and withdraw BTC or fiat out. No verification required. --- Personally I like that, I'm not criticizing how they do business.
However, the way they handle KYC checks is thanks to their bank. Unless they've changed since I last looked into it, they use Mayzus Financial Services. They're relatively well known within certain circles for providing access to financial services without impeding you with many checks, except where they're absolutely required to.
Most standard, run of the mill banks, you'd be right about. Regular banks seem to enjoy going out of their way to hassle their customers about establishing positive identification and verifying every little thing whenever they're suspicious. Mayzus, however, seems to be okay with not verifying anything until they absolutely must.
@_date: 2015-11-25 02:38:13


Curious, how exactly do you think someone achieves that? Ironically, I can see Bitcoin being easily used for the second thing you mention. It's not illegal to be paid in Bitcoin. If you're paid in BTC, and you properly anonymize the coins, and exchange to cash, you can feasibly buy a lot of things without having paid income tax.
I see why some people want to turn illegal money into "sort of" legal money by having it taxed. But you need to explain where that money came from. And when you can't say where you got it from, I don't think the "I just found it" explanation won't raise suspicion.
@_date: 2015-03-18 20:29:58


I don't exactly see how they're not complying with regulators. It's legal to have debit cards (they're really more like prepaid cards) without any identity information. At least in most countries, including the United States. I think there's limits though. And while I'm not sure of that, it'd make sense as to why there's a $2,500 monthly limit unless you verify.


MtGox disappeared with people's funds as well. And they were a "perfectly legitimate" company. Ironically, one of the top Bitcoin exchanges, BTC-e, happens to be unregulated. And the ironic part is that they've run for longer, and with less issues, than regulated exchanges have. Just because something operates outside the law doesn't make it bad. In the case of BTC-e, their customers have never lost funds or had them frozen pending verification. Other exchanges, that happens regularly. In the case of MtGox, everybody lost altogether.