@_author: superobserver
@_date: 2014-02-10 15:35:31
The semi-coherent ramblings of a narcissistic and painfully naive man-child. The reason no one is listening (SEC, lawyers, US Dept. Labor) is due to the fact you have no evidence of any wrongdoings AND you appear to be emotional rather than logical. And by mentioning a corporation in a forum like this you have quite likely committed an act of slander - more fuel on the "this guy is likely nuts" pile.
I was impressed by your abilities but you have manufactured an illusion regarding Netsolus. You "predicted" that I would label you crazy but this is less prediction than self-fulfilling prophecy. You are now angry because you threw away the best job you ever had for no reason whatsoever - Don Quixote comes to mind . And the fact is: There are a ton of happy clients who are in a better position thanks to the hard work Netsolus has done. 
This is a fascinating new technology that is still in its beta phase. You were literally in a position to help build this new network, to participate in the creation of an entirely new paradigm for financial transactions. Do you think you were working with neophytes (such as yourself)? You were invited to work with some of the most amazing, intelligent and talented people on Earth. And you threw that in my face. You went totally batshit and started seeing shadows where none exist. 
You are a smart mathematician. Tell me, what affect does a small outage that takes down a handful of BFL singles have on the BTC network difficulty adjustment? None, sir. Not even a speed bump. 
I thought you of all people would understand the mechanics because you have such a solid grasp of mathematics. But I see that I was wrong. That when you are in the echo chamber you start to lose touch with reality.
And so you are back to where you were to begin with. Enjoy serving those drunks pizza slices. 
@_date: 2014-04-04 00:31:53
I study patterns. Inside an individual pattern I sometimes notice a similarity to some other pattern. Pine cones are related to sunflowers via the Fibonacci Sequence (for example).
I drive a relatively modest automobile; I understand that my liability insurance only covers losses incurred by the victims I willfully or accidentally create. Therefore I seek to avoid creating casualties as I drive. And I have not been in a wreck.
I once had a car that was valuable and I maintained this automobile; were it to ever be down, for any reason, I would call a number and people would show up to both repair it and, if needed, provide me with a spare car.
Value. When a service company maintains your miner (a new kind of high performance hot rod math tool) what that company seeks to provide is access to the race track, access to fuel and a team to assist you when your race car breaks.
NASCAR race cars are highly puzzled-out machines. And they still break. Race car crews rush up and if they can, they service your race car and get you back in the race (back on the track / network). But I want you to roll back to the beginnings of NASCAR, to the very first days of race car driving. Those race cars went 30 MPH (GH/s). The puzzling-out of this new technology was only *just beginning* and that was where humanity stood with respect to racing / mining.
You never got to comprehend the business model. What you were allowed to see and what you hacked together as a result of your limited field of view was a distorted illusion; your attack is on people not practices. Poison.
I have tuned and helped maintain more of the early race cars than any other human on Earth. I have seen every kind of blowout, instability, bad luck spell and crash; I have seen sequences.
I relate my experiences in analogy to race cars because I treat my NDA seriously. You do not see the map of all tracks and the differences in utility across different horsepowers and different tires. Little things matter. And what I have done and take seriously is the optimization of race cars.
So I am the alpha and omega of  But this in no way limits my ignorance with respect to what is coming.
The most important thing to a race car? Gasoline. Think about it. 