@_author: surator
@_date: 2018-01-04 03:53:11
Nepal is going through a period of economic turmoil and it's central bank sees volatility associated with Bitcoin as detrimental to their currency pairing. India is a much bigger and stable economy. All the finance minister has said was that there were studying impacts of cryptos and declared that the government does not consider it legal tender.
@_date: 2018-01-04 04:07:16
I am sorry you think 20 year old guys wearing shorts should run the indian finance ministry. All over the world we have experienced people running critical finance and central banking roles like Janet Yellen runs fed reserve, mark Carney runs Britan's finance and Mario Dhragi runs EU. Carney is in his 50s while  Yellen and Dhragi are 70+. Running a country's finance has nothing to do with understanding tech and everything to so with understanding implications on the economy and trust me these guys are way smarter than you or Roger Ver. I pointed out that you hate your country because you have this ridiculous expectaion from your country without understanding the global environment. None of the central bank chairs support bitcoin and their concerns range from risks of volatility , anonymity and functionality which are perfecttly valid, but none of them have proposed to ban bitcoin. Understand that this is your country's finance minister you are talking about and show a bit of respect. These people are way smarter and more experienced than you can ever be
@_date: 2018-01-04 03:36:16
Wow clearly you have either not read or you do not possess the mental power to understand what the situation is, and end up as a common young idiot ranting about his government rather than trying to educate himself. When Jaitley says bitcoin is not legal tender, he is just articulating the same thing that every other govt in the world is trying to say.... bitcoin is not backed by a government or a central bank which promises  you equivalent currency or value in gold. It is a speculative "asset" completely dependent on market sentiment and demand. 
Everything mentioned in the article points towards the fact that the indian government is taking a balanced approach in understanding repercussions of this technology. 
STOP BEING AN IMMATURE IDIOT and dragging your country through the dirt. If you hate your country and government so much, get out and apply for citizenship in an other country.