@_author: surfnazismustdye
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:30:10
It only makes sense if you see that this is merely a clarification about retail investors being able to invest in the BIT trust.  We wouldn't be reading about it if not for the sensationalist headline.    
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:19:41
Look all I'm pointing out is that this headline is a bit sensationalist given the fact that there is still clarification needed from both sides, fidelity and secondmarket.    A quick quote says it all..
"At this time, Fidelity does not allow investments in the Bitcoin Investment Trust through our RETAIL platform, including in IRAs," a Fidelity spokesman told Business Insider in an email.
However, accredited investors with IRA accounts do have access, according to SecondMarket. Fidelity did not respond to a comment seeking confirmation that this was the case.
To be an an accredited investor, you must be worth more than $1 million — excluding your primary residence — or have made over $200,000 a year for the past two consecutive years.
Read more: 
@_date: 2013-12-12 18:51:11
It's kinda funny, didn't any of you read the original press release from Secondmarket about the requirements to invest in this??  NOTHING HAS CHANGED.  It clearly states that the BIT ira is only available for accredited investors.  I have a fidelity account ,it was never available to "retail" investors.  It is STILL available to investors meeting the requirements listed for the bitcoin trust.  I can see the average headline only readers to miss this point, but why Market Watch would miss all this seems pretty sad.   Big headline for something that is nothing more than a "clarification" for those of you out there that can't read.
@_date: 2013-12-12 19:00:10
Ok once again..!  Didn't any of you read the original press release from Secondmarket about the stringent requirements to invest in this?? NOTHING HAS CHANGED. It clearly states that the BIT ira is only available for (let's be honest.. "wealthy" ) accredited investors. I have a fidelity account ,it was never available to "retail" investors. I can see the average headline only readers to miss this point, but why Market Watch would miss all this seems pretty sad. Big headline for something that is nothing more than a "clarification" for those of you out there that can't read.