@_author: surfacereflection
@_date: 2017-12-29 03:16:52
Sure, but i take a wider and deeper view of potential benefits of these upcoming technologies which go far, far, far beyond just welfare of animals. Although that would be a part of it.
@_date: 2017-12-28 07:14:22
Hey man... 
What you are doing here is incredible, not just because of effects your funds will create but also because its an incredible thing in on itself, an action that shows to many people such things can be done and are real, which will have further beneficial consequences multiplying.
I hope you do this as smartly as possible.
There are many many charities as you know, and much more money couldn't cover them all. There are many in my country and many in dire need for assistance right now but, im not going to ask for any of them. I mean to do something about it myself, if i manage to achieve some things.
I will take this opportunity to turn your attention to two causes which potentially have enormous positive consequences on whole humanity if they succeed, for many years into the future.
I see someone already mentioned companies and research going into lab grown meat and similar technologies. I assume you know something about it. But i would reiterate and shortly explain how gigantic that can be. 
Far, far more important then just what we eat. If those companies succeed it will be first time in the history of this world that any living organism had successfully broken out of the food chain. That can change.... everything. 
The immediate benefits will be huge and direct for people health since multitudes of diseases, pesticides, carcinogens and all kinds of general pollution will be removed from our food. Hunger can be truly eradicated from the planet, majority of ecosystem will be able to recover which will again benefit every single human now and far into the future - and we will stop destroying everything including climate to grow animals - to kill - to eat.  The consequences reach further and deeper than that but im trying to be short and to the point. The rest you can figure out and research yourself. if you dont know already.
The second is this guy: 
It may very well be his research is already well funded, but its worth checking out. The potential benefits here are so humongous, incredible and so extremely far reaching  its difficult to describe them in short. Dr Atala project would not only save lives in short term and completely change the systems of organ transplants, but provide biggest most powerful solutions to numerous deadly diseases, would help eradicate or cure and minimize many different cancers, save kids, people, ...  and extend lives of everyone.
While it may very well be crucial for future expansion into the solar system of ours too.
In a sense, supporting these two research projects and or technologies will work extremely positively on all problems all charities in the world are trying to help with.
Its the proverbial teaching humans to fish instead of giving them a fish. 
So, just think about it, please.
You are the man, man. I commend you on your extraordinary deed. 