@_author: surprisedphilosopher
@_date: 2016-08-10 05:16:32
Quite likely.
@_date: 2016-08-13 08:54:09
First, let's remember the trolls who love making people feel more anxious and angry.
Second wasnt the idea that bitcoin would give the little guy an alternative to bring chiseled at every point in the established financial system?
You know what, bitfinex is not the polished operation of Goldman and Sachs. It's some guys who know how to program and took a punt. It was always a risky investment, and I woke up every day thinking that maybe they would disappear and take my coins. I am amazed at how positive their response to the hack has been.
If losses were not socialised some would definitely sue and it's game over. If they do not make efforts to repay it's game over. The trading of the bfx thing is dodgy but if you believe in market forces it is an elegant solution.
Yes more openness would be desirable, and I suspect they don't want to open their books so we won't know just how much profit they are raking in. But I was getting my slice too and have you looked at interest rates in mainstream investments at the moment?
Their current actions are perfectly compatible with their intentions being good. The question is whether the traders and the broader community are into bitcoin because they are Wacko conspiracy theorists who project 
malign intentions whenever things go wrong (and have a childs fantasy of how the legal system works).
@_date: 2017-12-03 12:55:21
TL;DR it's safe provided you take reasonable precautions. Do not meet F2F and use cash deposits.
I have been the subject of several scam attempts on LBC as a trader selling BTC. By and large the escrow system there is excellent but you have to be careful. One guy claimed to have deposited cash to my account and wanted me to release the BTC worth a few hundred AUD, but his payment registered at my end as a cheque. He called me and pleaded for me to release and I was strongly tempted but held firm. It turned out his"payment" was a cheque for $43 that bounced. That time escrow saved me. I did fall victim to a man in the middle attack. The "buyer" wanted to get a sum of BTC claimed to deposit cash to my account. Unbeknownst to me he was promising to sell someone else a pedigree puppy and got them to make the deposit to my account. He got the BTC, the person on the other end didn't get a puppy and the bank contacted me about the scam. I voluntarily returned a proportion of the money to the person scammed on the other end.
If you are an honest buyer, deal with traders with high reputation, use a cash deposit and document your deposit in case of a dispute then the LBC system is very safe. But you must realise it is your responsibility to take these precautions with your money.
I don't trade on LBC anymore the arbitrage opportunities are no longer large enough to be worth the effort, but I did sell there for about 3 years. Over that time I had 4 scam attempts that I know of, and only the puppy in the middle attack succeeded and even then I only lost money because I didn't want to profit from someone else being scammed.
DO NOT MEET F2F. That ain't safe, direct cash deposits to bank accounts are the only way I would trade, and are the safest transactions I know of.
@_date: 2017-09-12 13:10:37
If everyone stopped mining I would start.