@_author: sushiandwow
@_date: 2016-08-29 09:05:07
They are more like "the problems that exist cannot be fixed by mere monetary policy".
A doctor can give you medicine to lower your glucose, but he can't exercise for you. They are issuing the medicine, but they are warning that exercise is really needed.
@_date: 2016-08-29 08:47:43


Well, I'm questioning it. :)
That's tongue in cheek. The sentiment you express is common enough in this subreddit. What I question is the hypothesis.
I'm not an economist, more so an engineer with a serious interest in macro-economy. As such, I have spent time studying the workings of currency for a number of years, and I'm just not getting people who are putting most blame on central banks.
I'm not sure what particular symptom of central banking you have in mind here, but commonly, what people seem to express &amp;ndash; in this subreddit especially &amp;ndash; is that it's some kind of fraud that central banks are inflating the supply of money.
This does not square with my understanding of currency. I literally don't see how a deflationary currency, or one with a fixed, pre-determined supply, would help anyone in the economy.
The global economy is not ruined, as much as it has changed to the detriment of the middle and lower classes in developed countries, and in favor of these classes in developing countries, and in favor of the rich classes everywhere. Factors that make the economy worse for the average person in the US range from freer international trade (which on the other hand is a good thing for humanity), to increase in the number of women in the workforce (which on the other hand is a good thing for women).
The way money is issued is only one of the factors involved, and not necessarily a major factor in "destroying" economies. If anything, central banks may have ameliorated catastrophes that would have been worse with a fixed-supply currency.
@_date: 2016-08-29 09:01:16


"Immigration reform in Japan" translates to "monetary policy cannot fix a demographic problem. Fix the demographic problem."
"Structural changes" may mean anything that directly affects the economy rather than just tweaking the money supply. One of the ideas seems to be a kind of New New Deal, financed by inflation.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:29:37
If you would like to make it seem that way, sure. :)


In a list that includes "BTC", "BCH", and "SW2X", only one is actually not a debacle. :) It's not the one you suggest. It's the one that's actually usable for transactions, and does not hinge on a .com plan to be usable one day maybe.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:36:16
Consider that you're asking this question in a censored environment, and I might even receive a ban for saying it. :)
The fundamental value of a cryptocurrency, outside of a bubble, is **not** based on nothing. It is based on mathematics. It is determined by how many people want to make transactions using that currency, and what proportion of the currency everyone needs to make those transactions. The currency can't be worth less, but it can sell for more if people stockpile it for some reason.
With BTC, you currently can't make transactions. Therefore, how much of its value is based on fundamentals? ;)
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:22:25
Yes... it's like the .com boom. All of those *engineers* working to scale and improve *the economy*. :)
Just because they're working on it, doesn't mean small blocks and LN are going to work. Most .coms crashed and burned, despite all the engineers that worked in them &amp;ndash; often highly passionately.
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:40:14
[This]( is the most convincing metric I've been able to find. The number of Bitcoin Core contributors in the GitHub repo is of course huge, but Blockstream appears to dominate developer meetings.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:26:13


Most Bitcoin Core developers are employed by one company. :)
@_date: 2017-12-23 04:57:14


See, that's the problem. "Plan on implementing." So far with a demo version that works on test net, and lacks essential components of the real thing (path finding).
To bet on LN right now is to bet on a .com business plan. A .com business plan with a half-trillion USD valuation.
BCH does not need to implement a whole lot, because *it works as-is*. Meanwhile BTC is betting the farm on something that does not exist yet.
@_date: 2017-12-27 23:32:37


BTC: 


[2017 Cambridge study]( "58% of mining pools with greater than 1% of the total bitcoin hash rate are based in China, followed by the US with 16%"


Irrelevant when anyone can run a validating node for themselves. That's the *idea* of a peer-to-peer currency.
For BTC, running a validating node requires a PC. For BCH, it requires a PC as well. Not that different.
Now, let me return the favor :)
- BTC in its current form is not a useful medium for transactions at all (currently $40 per small transaction; a couple weeks ago I paid $200 for a larger one). Talk of centralization becomes meaningless when the network is *not fit for purpose*.
- Future viability of BTC is based on a pipe dream. (We'll have LN, and it will be decentralized! In development since 2015!)
- In reality, there will likely be LN (eventually), but it won't be decentralized. That would require solving an NP-hard problem.
Instead, if LN is going to exist, it's going to be a mesh of smaller central authorities.
In that case, yes, LN can work. What payment network already exists as a mesh of central authorities? Visa!
But what does Visa have that LN doesn't? Currencies with stable exchange rates... :)
@_date: 2017-12-27 22:43:27
In what way is BCH centralized?
Better still: in what way will LN be *less* so? When it's "ready", of course &amp;ndash; which it isn't.
@_date: 2017-12-27 20:16:55


Misleading, because to have the benefits of open source (anyone can change anything in a fork), *you have to fork*.
"Bitcoin" is open source as long as that term includes all the forks as valid versions of Bitcoin. If it only includes BTC, it's not open source in the same sense.
@_date: 2017-12-20 07:38:02
How close to release though? And can it work as described? With decentralized path finding?
@_date: 2017-12-22 01:37:54
Beware people whose ethics and morals "cannot be compromised" in this manner:


They will take you down with them, and expect you to still stand with their principle.
Then it will turn out the principle was deluded, and the practical path was better.
@_date: 2017-12-28 03:27:30
I see you weren't around in the 2000s for the .com boom.
The .com boom consisted of investors flooding money into a myriad of technology companies that had no working products and only vague plans about what they're going to develop and how it's going to make money. The vast majority of those companies ended quickly, a small number failed grandly, a vanishingly small number succeeded.
That is LN. It's a .com plan. It will conquer the world &amp;ndash; in theory.
@_date: 2017-12-28 03:28:54
Oh, so LN will work because it's what *engineers* want? Gotcha ;)
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:55:21
Off chain transaction! Indeed, that is exactly what it was. :)
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:53:58
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:06:25
Perhaps I can make it more convincing if I share that, on the same day, I received another $180k to the same account; from still another country; and that this also arrived within a day? :)
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:40:58
Oh, I believe you completely.
It's normal that those of you who got wealthy via Bitcoin trust it. However, Bitcoin does not permit mistakes. One bad line in software and you're done. No way to undo it.
Also, umm, technically, I would argue about "having it within seconds" in the case you describe. I would wait at least a handful of confirmations when there's $100k at stake. But yeah, sure. As long as you don't make a mistake.
@_date: 2015-06-01 21:57:45
Indeed, they don't. Money was sent Friday and is noted in my account as credited Friday. However, I've only checked that it's available to me today (Monday). The actual releasing of the funds into my account might have happened either Friday, Saturday, or today. I used "weekend" to approximate this in a word.
@_date: 2015-12-06 15:56:06
Typical open source projects either have a leader, or they're dead.
@_date: 2015-06-09 01:48:27


When Mt. Gox shit hit the fan (article posted about difficulties with large withdrawals), I acted immediately, and got less than 15% out before withdrawals were closed entirely.
When shit hits the fan, it has covered the room already.
@_date: 2018-05-06 16:05:56
What was the problem in their financial records? The problem weren't financial records, it was that most of their BTC had been siphoned off due to a vulnerability. That would not be noticed when reviewing financial records.
@_date: 2014-09-24 22:09:41
Can confirm, it was difficult to open a bank account for a company (incorporated outside of the US) that has 50% US ownership. Few banks want to deal with it.
That was after our previous bank, where we'd been for 10 years, closed our bank account overnight because of this very issue.
When you're trying to open a personal account, the first thing they ask you is if you have ties to the US. If you say "No," the answer is "That's good, in that case we can proceed."
@_date: 2014-11-05 13:22:50
Funny that word, "kleptocracy", given that the most money I've ever had stolen was due to Bitcoin. :)
@_date: 2014-09-30 11:03:34


One of the largest groups of early Bitcoin adopters seem to be people who believe that people who are "foolish" or "stupid" should "get what they deserve" (lose your savings / get ripped off).
Bitcoin is an unforgiving currency (hard drive died? tough luck! got hacked? tough luck!) that fits in well with an unforgiving audience (people who don't want to be mommied).
It so happens that these people are a minority, though. Which, in its current incarnation, puts limits on Bitcoin's success. It *has* to be made more forgiving to be more widely adopted.
But lack of forgiveness - the utter undoability of mistakes - is built into the innermost core of the currency.
@_date: 2014-09-24 22:06:41
It is fair to pay for that which you consume. However, you're arguing that a person should pay a second time for everything they already paid while living in the country. Making people pay a second time is not fairness; it's spite and resentment. It's punishing them for leaving the "land of the free".
@_date: 2014-09-30 11:23:54
In my case, I thought that ostensibly smart, competent people living in the US were aware of what the US legal landscape is like, and would have the foresight to avoid the Feds raiding their company and risking years behind bars for defrauding customers.
But apparently not. Lol. :) I can't fathom what these guys were thinking.
@_date: 2014-09-30 11:47:28
I got both goxxed and BFL-ed, yet wouldn't call myself foolish or stupid.
I overestimated the risks of storing BTC myself (how to not lose BTC due to equipment failure, how can I trust free wallet software like Armory? I'm still not sure that I can), and underestimated the risks of keeping them with a company which at the time held 5% of the world's BTC (someone storing that much ought to store it safely?).
I overestimated the rationality and self-interest of my counter-parties. If Karpeles knew what's good for him, surely he wouldn't (1) fail to protect the ginormous amount of BTC he was storing from external threats, or (2) sabotage his future by stealing it himself. If the BFL people knew what was good for them, surely they wouldn't be egregiously defrauding customers *while operating from Kansas*. What did they expect, no attention from the Feds? LoL.
So I lost a fair bit, mostly because I was only able to get a handful of BTC out of MtGox before it collapsed. But it's nothing I can't get over, and I lost comparatively little compared to the idiots who pulled off these stunts. Would I want to trade places with Karpeles, or one of the BFL people, even if they did get away with a lot of BTC? Hell no. Even if they get away with it, being an eternal fugitive, what kind of life is that?
@_date: 2014-09-06 10:28:05
It seems to me he's suggesting an illegal method was used (e.g. NSA methods, or a hacker who used means not legally available to the government).
@_date: 2015-05-26 23:14:00


The history doesn't matter, agreement about the current state of transaction outputs matters. If you agree with that, then how the state was arrived at is irrelevant.
If we agree that I have $100 and you have $300, the sequence of transactions that led to our having these amounts is irrelevant for most purposes. Historians care, but for historians, there can be separate archives.
@_date: 2015-05-26 18:40:19
No... Why do you still not seem to understand?
There *is* no concept of correctness outside of consensus. That which has consensus is correct.
If consensus is that origin block is 358080, with transaction state as it was known at that time (include in the consensus a hash over an encoding of the transaction state), then that is the God-given truth.
If consensus is that origin block is 0; even though there were transactions in the early blocks that took place incorrectly; then that is also the God-given truth, and those transactions are correct.
It's not just that correctness does not matter. It's that there is no concept of correctness outside of consensus. If consensus says an apparently invalid transaction was valid, then it is valid. Consensus is God.
@_date: 2015-05-26 20:45:02


More or less. It is a set of rules that a majority of users and miners follow. Minorities that disagree are coerced into accepting the majority's rules, unless they want to run a fork of their own. Stubborn minorities can still exert pressure, because the majority would also like to avoid a fork.


That is *exactly* what it is. Almost all new users are likely to adopt whatever the majority has chosen. If you want to operate within the system, you have to choose what the majority does.


The historical verifications you prefer are *not* consensus. They can be used to *build* consensus. They are effective at building consensus if you want to include in that consensus people who care about such verifications.
Such people, including probably yourself, are a subset of users and miners. They are not necessarily the most rational subset of users and miners. They are probably not even a majority of users and miners.
This preoccupation with *verifying* history, rather than *agreeing on* history, could be compared to OCD, and is most likely a minority position which most prospective users and/or miners do not care about.
@_date: 2015-05-16 03:48:27
Thanks for the tip. I did read the article. However, now I looked at the Factom whitepaper as well.
Looks like they don't just use "blockchain technology". There's no independent blockchain. They actually piggyback on the Bitcoin blockchain for what looks like an essential notary service.
If lots of people start to do this, this may create "interesting" incentives for Bitcoin mining...
@_date: 2015-05-16 02:22:18
It looks like they're going to make a custom blockchain. In order for this to work:
* Someone has to be motivated to mine it. How? Grant land ownership per block mined? Pay money? What kind of money? Who pays? If it's a centralized agency, what's the point?
* Legitimate miners have to invest enough resources into mining to withstand 50% attack. Just how many resources are that, if we're talking about *titles to land*?
It seems to me that the incentive for legitimate miners is bound to be too small, and the incentive for illegitimate miners is bound to be too large.
Unless they figure out something genius. *shrug* They need some kind of incentive breakthrough, but that's not evident from the article.
@_date: 2015-05-27 13:44:18
It seems your reasoning is based on the faulty premise that Bitcoin as-is allows you to definitely exclude the possibility that you're looking at an incorrect transaction history. But this is not the case. The state you currently trust can always be invalidated by information you don't have.
For example, it could turn out that a super strong attacker, e.g. some kind of national security agency, invested into a super-strong ASIC mining farm, and that they by now have a secret main chain that's much stronger (in terms of proof of work) than what we perceive to be the main chain. They can publish that main chain any day now, and it will render thousands of recent blocks invalid.
Bitcoin doesn't provide you with *definite* truth about the state of transactions. It just provides you with *probable* truth that is the best you have, for all you know. If someone keeps you in the dark about what else is happening out there, you may well be working based on incorrect transaction history, and do not know.
For the same reason, hard coding a database of pruned transaction history into some future version of the client is good enough, because it's "probably correct, for all you know". It's another state that you believe to be correct, but could be invalidated with information you don't have. But that is the most assurance Bitcoin can ever give you.
@_date: 2015-05-26 08:06:05
That is pretty much completely false.
What makes a given bitcoin valid is majority consensus. The choice of origin block, and its contents, are arbitrary.
One of the current latest blocks is this one:
We could tomorrow all switch to an implementation that uses this block as origin, prune all earlier transactions whose outputs have been consumed, and never ever remember them any longer. The protocol would continue to work, and be just as strong.
@_date: 2015-05-30 20:20:21
What would be the purpose of banning a product if anyone can still sell it, as well as facilitate such sale, as long as they put a warning on it saying "buyer beware"?
Penalties for sellers, and those who facilitate sale, are how you impose a ban. Putting sellers and sale-facilitators in prison *is* how people are told we're not kidding when we say the product is unsafe.
In the case of drugs, it's also arguably much preferable from a standpoint of civil rights, and our ability to help addicted users, than criminalizing possession.
But if you ban neither sale, nor possession, then you have no ban at all.
@_date: 2015-05-30 17:31:41


The entire point of this was to knowingly, intentionally facilitate the sale of banned products. He didn't "just" set up a market in good faith with respect to the law. He set it up in *bad* faith, so that prohibited products could be sold.
By doing so, in the eyes of the law, he accepted responsibility for consequences that the ban is intended to prevent.


Would you make this statement if we were talking about millions of parents whose children died because of an unsafe product? A product that is known to be defective and cause death? A product that is banned for this reason?
You disagree with the drug policy itself, and this is reasonable, because the drug policy is relatively unreasonable. But as long as this drug policy exists, and is the way it is, the sentence given to Ulbricht makes a *ton* of sense.
@_date: 2015-05-26 06:30:21
Lack of complete blockchain is not fragility. We don't know most of our ancestors, that doesn't make our genetics fragile.
@_date: 2015-01-13 19:52:43
Well - since I would have *not* sold the Bitcoins even if they were not stolen, and would in fact still be holding them long term, like I intended to begin with, at least *in my case* he is technically correct.
He is, of course, technically mistaken for those who would have sold in the meanwhile. And yes, even if they returned them now, they removed from me the *option* to sell.
@_date: 2015-05-30 13:54:53


But this interpretation of morality is the very cornerstone of the anti-drug policy under which Ulbricht was sentenced. According to this interpretation, the drug is a product. The product is purported to have ill side effects in excess of useful side effects. Whether or not this is actually true is debatable, but the product is banned because of these perceived properties. Therefore, whoever sells the product *despite the ban* is responsible for the ill side effects.
It's the same logic that would be used against you if you knowingly sold defective Christmas lights that you know have failed inspection and will cause fires, for instance. Especially if they're already banned, and you know it.
@_date: 2015-01-15 23:47:06
True - if the central bank did not attempt to hold a fixed peg to the EUR, then the 30% appreciation would have happened over a much longer period, providing more time for businesses to adapt.
@_date: 2015-05-27 09:41:45


Instead of looking at the full transaction history, you can look at a pruned transaction history, which at some point everyone agreed was authentic. The authenticity of that state is testified to by the fact that it's hardcoded into your Bitcoin client v123.4.5.
Presumably, if there were issues with the authenticity of the pruning, that client wouldn't have been adopted widely.
@_date: 2015-01-15 14:51:42
Whether that's good for a particular Swiss person very much depends on whether they're importing, or exporting.
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:19:01


They mostly won't. Pruning.
@_date: 2015-01-17 21:12:10
What are you talking about? TLS is already broken in that sense. By default, most browsers trust a bunch of root CAs. A government agency needs to control only *one* of them, in order to impersonate *any* site on the net.
@_date: 2015-01-15 15:33:51


Brandishing black and white absolutes like this will help you none in understanding a nuanced reality.
As long as the exchange rate of a currency is stable, it doesn't matter what it is. The exchange rate isn't affecting anyone's wealth if it isn't moving.
What you're arguing, then, is in favor of an *appreciating* currency. That could be argued to be beneficial for the country, as you describe, as long as the appreciation is consistent, predictable, and based on solid fundamentals. If the fundamentals aren't solid, things will look wonderful for maybe a decade, followed by disaster. See Icelandic Krona 2008, British Pound 1992.
But this recent 30% jump in the CHF/EUR exchange rate is neither consistent, nor predictable. Chances are that things will stabilize in the long run, but a jump like this is an economic catastrophe. What you describe summarily as "cheap/better labor abroad" actually means high rates of unemployment at home, which means tremendous pain for many people until the economy restructures. Business plans that made sense based on the prior exchange rate are now out the window, and the people they employed may not find work anywhere else. If the exchange rate remains jumpy, that introduces uncertainty that prevents new investment.
You are making the argument that a 30% jump in exchange rate is good for anyone other than speculators - the ones that happened to make the right bet. No, it's economically disastrous.
@_date: 2016-03-18 00:29:32
This might not be sufficient. You could already define a smaller group, "US residents", which is already exclusive enough globally &amp;ndash; but probably too broad for this requirement.
I wonder if "US citizens" would fly. It would exclude those who are resident in the US, but are not citizens...
@_date: 2015-05-25 18:07:31


The real question is, does it have majority miner support?
@_date: 2016-11-17 21:47:46
Take it from me, still waiting on MtGox bankruptcy proceedings to return some small fraction of the 221 BTC I lost because I thought I have an arbitrary amount of time to figure out some *perfect* way to store them.
Turns out most anything would have been safer than leaving them there. :-/
@_date: 2016-11-17 21:53:14
Eh... arguable. There's always exploits that can be made, but people who just want to steal crap are less likely to use zero-days when simple phishing is also effective.
@_date: 2019-10-25 09:48:59


Problem: Banks won't lend money to people who *really* want money immediately right now.
Problem: Banks sometimes break and then the problems take a while to sort out. Depositors might experience losses.
Solution: Cryptocurrencies! They involve no lending so no one to complain to when can't borrow money. They also sometimes break, and it takes a while to sort out, and users might experience losses, but it's their fault.
Conclusion: I previously thought Taleb was a loon, and now I'm convinced even more so.
@_date: 2017-11-16 11:26:01
The Sun produces about 1.2 x 10^(34) Joules per year. Humanity uses about 5 x 10^(20) Joules per year. We can increase our energy consumption 10^13 times before we start to make full use of our Sun. Then, there are other suns in the universe.
Transactions are wish fulfillment. Virtually no transaction occurs that doesn't fulfill someone's wish. Are you saying wish fulfillment is a bad thing? In that case, why would you even want Bitcoin to be successful, given that it's wrong to have a wish, or for a wish to be fulfilled?
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:39:47
What is the "middle way"? A deflationary currency discourages transactions same way as a ubiquitous lack of trust. Only essential transactions happen, creating a vicious cycle that leads to economic misery.
To see places like that, travel to Nicaragua or anywhere else with GDP around $2,000 per capita. Live there for a while and see how transactions don't happen, and what the quality of life is. Is that your "middle road"?
Yeah, sure. They still eat. They eat rice and beans.
@_date: 2015-08-10 18:19:29


You have replied to this part without acknowledging the point I make. Tax evasion is not disagreement.
Disagreement is disagreement. Tax evasion is tax evasion.


Laws are nobody's opinion in particular.
Laws are rules that result from a political process, of which you are part, and to which you can contribute.
Laws are intended to represent your opinions, as well; if you care to have them represented.


You generally don't go to prison. Instead, your property rights; to property that you think ought to be recognized as yours; are not recognized, and such property is taken away.
You have failed to cooperate with the system. Property rules are not separate from the system; they are an inherent part of it. Therefore, when you fail to cooperate with the system, you do not benefit from its property rules.


You must allow for the possibility that your neighbors desire such outcomes.
If you believe these outcomes can be improved, you can campaign for this purpose, and convince your neighbors of this need.


You generally don't go to prison for not paying. You simply fail to benefit from property rules provided by a system you have not respected.


The politicians operate a system in a way that's intended to represent the will of the public. If you believe you could represent the will of the public better, you can volunteer to serve in this role.


Indeed: you solve it by becoming a politician; or otherwise contributing effort to getting it right.


Cooperation with other people; being part of the economy; is something that affects everyone. Therefore, it happens according to everyone's rules.
You are not being forced to be part of the economy by other people. You are being forced by your bodily needs, by nature itself; by having been born.
You must breathe. You share the air with others.
You must drink. You share the water with others. 
You must eat. You share the food with others.
You must pee and shit. Where you pee and shit affects others.
You desire to fuck. When you fuck, you create new people. The people you create affect others.


The state does not claim the mostly-empty landmass for itself. It claims it on behalf of people currently alive, and countless people that will be, as well as creatures that are not people.
The claim of future generations has no one to enforce it, other than us who exist. But ethically, it is stronger, and more justified, than anyone's personal claim today. The claim of future generations is represented by the state.
@_date: 2015-08-10 19:38:39


We *are* the state. All of us.


All action limits another action. All freedoms are tradeoffs.
All freedoms we deem worthy of being called such are man-made. None of them are natural.
Only the freedom to kill, or be killed, is *natural*. Power is the only natural law.
@_date: 2017-11-16 09:56:17
There aren't "unnecessary transactions", unless you want to say that no one should have any fun, or buy anything other than what's essential to live. Transactions are entered into by willing parties, so if they don't happen because of a deflationary currency, that's a bad thing.
@_date: 2017-11-17 07:22:58
I'm making the point that you're communicating in bad faith, without genuine effort, and this makes your communications not valuable. You can do with this whatever you will.
@_date: 2015-08-10 14:37:29


I can think of only a handful of US politicians to whom something like that happened in the past 50 years. Martin Luther King was one &amp; and yet, what he fought for came true; because enough people wanted it to.
Take into account how much your views are biased; and how much the government you have represents people *other than you*. If you talk to more people you have nothing in common with &amp; as opposed to existing in an echo chamber &amp; you might find that the public in general very much supports a lot of the oppressive-looking things your government is doing; and does not sympathize with many of your views, at all.
You must allow for the possibility that all these other people are not just ignorant, but that they actually *disagree*; and that their opinions on what government they want *also* matter.
@_date: 2017-11-16 10:01:26
A vibrant economy is driven by spending, which is financed with disposable incomes. Under a deflationary currency, people will keep buying essentials, but will significantly reduce their enjoyment of luxuries. They will also buy cheaper, thriftier essentials.
This removes demand from the economy, removing jobs other than those involved in the production of things actually being purchased, i.e. only the most essential things. If you want an economy in which you can survive, and survive only, but enjoy very few other things, this would be it. Though possibly you can't even survive if your income depends on something other than producing an essential item.
@_date: 2017-11-17 03:09:06
I see you are a man of few words, and even fewer thoughts to back them. :)
@_date: 2015-08-11 13:05:52
You are ignorant, and an idiot. Fuck you, and *don't* have a nice day.
(Between the two of us &amp; I'm the one being honest. You're an idiot.)
@_date: 2015-08-11 07:15:18


I'm sorry, but &amp; it saddens me how invested you are into the illusion of separateness.


Well, let's see.
I fundamentally disagree with the "war on drugs", which is in fact a war on (especially particular) people.
I disagree with bellicose foreign policy. The US military is invaluable &amp; the US is the only country strong enough to stand up to Russia and China &amp; but invading Iraq was done on false pretenses, and was obviously unnecessary.
Israel has too much lobbying power, and meddles with US politics. People who just happen to be Jewish control 90% of the media, and decide who has a chance to get elected. This distorts foreign policy and allies the US closely with an oppressive regime with very questionable policies.
I am against mass surveillance. I think it's questionable short-term gain for long-term loss. The US is the economic power it is because it's been the country of aspiration. Smart, productive, ethical people have historically wanted to move there. These incentives are reduced when the country engages in blatantly unethical activities. Its whole international standing suffers. And for what benefit? Unethical behavior is a losing strategy; a fool's one.
I find it abhorrent how the US, as a society, does nothing to help people who, for one reason or another, are stuck with mouths full of rotting and decaying teeth, and are being asked by the wonderful, free-as-in-liberty private care system anywhere upwards of $7,000 to fix them. We don't help with that until they enter the ER when their infections have entered their bloodstream. At that point, they're about to die, and we end up paying more than we'd have had to pay two years before to help them.
Insufficient investment is being done into maintaining existing infrastructure. A belief in private enterprise at any cost prevents abominations like Comcast from being reined in.
Industries that are strong in their states are able to ally with their state governments to pass absolutely horrible bills, like ag-gag bills and the banning of local regulation of fracking.
Public worker unions; and police unions especially; appear to be doing a fair amount of evil. Serving should be a privilege, not a right. Unions of public employees should most likely be prohibited. These workers are already being represented toward their employer as voters. Especially when it comes to police, they really don't need additional entrenchment and guarantees.
But *none* of this means that the solution lies outside of the system. The US is far from having a system so dysfunctional as you want to believe. For the most part &amp; rough edges and all &amp; the system in the US *works*.
Truly, you have no idea what it's like in *actually* dysfunctional countries, or what's a *truly* oppressive regime.
Your country gives you the freedom to be a couch warrior with these edgy opinions; and what you'd like to do with that freedom is destroy the country, and replace it with something a lot more like Somalia, instead.
You should try living in a country where everyone evades taxes. See what that's like.
@_date: 2015-08-10 14:54:37


As far as I can see, Tesla is winning its battles, and no one has yet escorted Elon Musk to face the shooting squad.


And perhaps it will take you another 20 years before you realize that their intuitive assumptions, which they are unable to properly explain to you, are nevertheless right; and that it *should*.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:46:15
There's nothing unsustainable about growing GDP. Growing GDP is increasing our ability to make things happen. There is no requirement to poison the environment in which we live as part of higher GDP. Once we've poisoned the environment already, lowering GDP also reduces our ability to take any corrective actions. The Sun creates 10^13 times more energy than we use. We are not even close to unsustainability.
A deflationary currency discourages transactions same way as a ubiquitous lack of trust. Only essential transactions happen, creating a vicious cycle that leads to economic misery.
To see places like that, travel to Nicaragua or anywhere else with GDP around $2,000 per capita. Live there for a while and see how transactions don't happen, and what the quality of life is.
They still eat. But they eat rice and beans.
@_date: 2015-07-04 16:15:47


The US prints its own money.
@_date: 2015-08-10 16:40:05
You don't face prison for disagreeing. You face prison for taking actions that are unlawful. In the case of taxation, this is participating in economic activity without following the protocols, such as reporting and paying taxes, that have been put in place for everyone to follow.
The justification for society to require such protocols is that, what seems at first glance a small scale activity, gives rise to emergent large-scale phenomena in aggregate. By enacting protocols having to do with reporting and taxation, we are attempting to coordinate emergent phenomena that are desirable, and to nip in the bud phenomena that aren't.
You aren't being forced to do anything, specifically. However, if you do *something*, your actions eventually impact everyone in some small way. Therefore, if you do *something*, you are expected to do it in a particular manner.
This means that if you work, or if you trade -&gt; you report, and pay taxes.
There's much argument to be had about whether particular reporting rules and taxation strategies actually result in desirable outcomes. However, our ability, as a community, to put rules in place, is fundamental.
@_date: 2015-08-10 14:24:26
To get what you want, you need to build what you want, not burn what you have.
@_date: 2018-03-27 12:58:52
You don't even know Bitcoin ABC and Bitcoin Unlimited are two implementations of BCH. And you call yourself a "true Bitcoiner". Lol.
@_date: 2018-03-27 21:14:12
No. You're just providing the stereotype of the incorrigible villain, which may get others to click. :)
@_date: 2018-03-27 21:40:23
:) You're cute. :)
@_date: 2018-03-27 14:04:24
I see I'm dealing with a mighty intellect. If so, I can suggest this [relevant video]( illustrating the point in the example of the People's Front of Judea. :)
@_date: 2018-03-27 13:31:37
You might want to consider joining a fan club for a football team. I hear they provide a good outlet for those who crave in-group / out-group dynamics.
Relevant point of view:
I was walking across a bridge one day, and I saw a man standing on the edge, about to jump. I ran over and said: "Stop. Don't do it."
"Why shouldn't I?" he asked.
"Well, there's so much to live for!"
"Like what?"
"Are you religious?"
He said: "Yes."
I said: "Me too. Are you Christian or Buddhist?"
"Me too. Are you Catholic or Protestant?"
"Me too. Are you Episcopalian or Baptist?"
"Wow. Me too. Are you Baptist Church of God or Baptist Church of the Lord?"
"Baptist Church of God."
"Me too. Are you original Baptist Church of God, or are you Reformed Baptist Church of God?"
"Reformed Baptist Church of God."
"Me too. Are you Reformed Baptist Church of God, Reformation of 1879, or Reformed Baptist Church of God, Reformation of 1915?"
He said: "Reformed Baptist Church of God, Reformation of 1915."
I said: "Die, heretic scum," and pushed him off.
@_date: 2017-09-07 19:03:21


People in China save on a large scale, and it's a huge economic problem.
Saving is the rational thing for *individuals* to do when they don't have a social safety net and their future is uncertain. The only way to save is if there is a functioning economy in which other people are spending, though. 
The economy as a whole cannot save, because it has nowhere to put the savings. Money, whether BTC or fiat or gold, is an *illusion* of value. Real value is being able to trade these credits, which are mostly without intrinsic value, for real goods. The only way you can do that is if those goods are being produced, and then only to the extent they are being produced.
Society can't save because there's no economical way to have a static store of potatoes, or whatever have you, for 50 years down the road. The best society can do is develop and maintain systems that will produce those goods 50 years down the road. But the best way to have such systems in 50 years is to use them, which is done by people spending.
If everyone saves, the economy's production capacity withers, and the money is also worth less because there's not as much you can buy with it. Trying to "save" at the level of an economy is a death spiral.
The economy runs best if no one saves. This is greatly facilitated by social safety nets being strong enough that there isn't incentive to save, to begin with.
@_date: 2018-03-17 06:38:57
You elect the politicians.
Just because the problem of selecting good, effective leaders and representatives is not generally solved, does not mean you get to abdicate your share of the responsibility for failing to solve this problem. The tax bill is a reminder that the problem of organizing our joint concerns is not yet ideally solved.
@_date: 2015-04-25 09:29:23
Ah, that may be the intended *function*.
But it is not the actual *effect*.
@_date: 2019-09-07 00:28:36
Bitcoin, at this point, is still not quite a scam, it's a folly.
However, it's a folly in a similar sense that gold is a folly, and may continue indefinitely.
@_date: 2015-04-05 22:19:50
That is an obvious and uninteresting answer.
@_date: 2018-03-27 21:21:22
Do you not?
@_date: 2015-04-05 12:52:05
Well, in *their* view, he may not even have existed, or if he did, he was a... charlatan with no powers?
@_date: 2015-04-27 10:10:53
The analyst in my head agrees with him about the likely drop - though not necessarily about a rebound.
I just don't see many more people being persuaded by Bitcoin, currently.
In a few years, maybe. If the tech around Bitcoin improves, and there are no further debacles like MtGox, etc.
@_date: 2015-04-05 12:27:44
The joke's on you - the bankers are Jewish...
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:51:29
You are in luck. You chose the right planet!
@_date: 2015-04-25 09:15:52
If that's the case, then your 74,000 pages of tax code alone suggest that you don't live in a democracy:
But of course you *do* live in a democracy. It's just that democracy doesn't have the effect you claim.
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:57:46
When you are using these things to justify taking away people's rights over what they do with their bodies, the burden is on you to show that a substantial proportion of sex work is this way; and that the best solution is to make sex work illegal.
Australia and Europe seem to do well with sex work legalized. Reasonable legal frameworks provide a safe environment for workers, while keeping health risks under control.
Sex work is not the only profession that suffers from abuse by employers. Would you like to outlaw farming, because the strawberries you buy are being picked by illegal immigrants in illegally poor conditions?
The problem is the abuse, not the sex work.
@_date: 2016-10-22 20:38:47
So maybe that needs to be changed, eh? Perhaps if we had some kind of coordination, like if we elected some kind of representatives to discuss this kind of issue, and agree on a solution?
@_date: 2015-11-17 02:10:23
I should add to this that yes, price controls don't work. But it's important to understand *why* they don't work, and not to confuse this with *oh my, we can't control anything*.
Naive price controls fail because they are ham-fisted. They're as subtle as a sledgehammer, and distort incentives in bad ways.
This doesn't mean, however, that freely emerging market incentives, with no imposed structure, are what we want. If that were *really* what we wanted, we wouldn't be trying to fix something with price controls, would we.
It also doesn't mean that there isn't a proper way to influence incentives; which does, however, require a lot more thought than putting a hard and fast price limit on something.
The decoupling you read about is not ham-fisted price control. It functions differently, and structures incentives better.
Much of the failure of government in economics is that policy originates with people who are economically inept. This results in bad interventions, which results in lack of faith that we can make *any* interventions.
You are currently residing in this lack of faith, which in its nature is very similar to popular distrust of GMOs in food, or people emphasizing "organics". It comes out of distrust and limited understanding, bolstered by this naive idea of how all we need to do is just let nature do its course, and not interfere.
But our entire *civilization* is based on informed interference. We don't give up. We learn. We improve. We overcome.
@_date: 2015-11-21 14:16:54
Self-selected audience. A person who worries about civil freedoms is more likely to read the article (rather than just the headline), and to read far enough to see the vote (it's at the bottom of the article), and to be concerned enough to vote.
It's hard to say what the support is in the general population. The article itself seems to present mostly the pro-surveillance argument. I suspect many, perhaps most?, technologically non-savvy people might take this at face value, and think the privacy sacrifice is OK.
@_date: 2016-10-23 00:12:50


Well, maybe that needs to be fixed, huh?
Are we living in the 19th century? Do we not have the technology to fix this?


Because it is unnecessary for this situation to *exist*. You are arguing in favor of unnecessary perils.
We are arguing about a pothole in the road. You are arguing people need to be responsible and avoid the pothole. I'm arguing that the road company needs to come and fix the damn pothole, instead of charging people for a tow when they get a flat tire on it.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:05:27
Adult human interaction cannot be completely voluntary as long as adult humans can create children.
You can have a completely libertarian state as long as all the adults who comprise it come from somewhere else, and accept sterilization (permanent, or at least as long as they remain in that state).
As soon as you have reproduction, questions arise about the kids:
- What are the kids' rights? Do they have any? If not, they're coerced.
- If the kids' parents violate the kids' rights, how, and by whom, are those rights going to be enforced?
- When the kids grow up, how do they have equal opportunity when all the property is already distributed?
You need a government to answer and step in for each of these questions. If you don't have that, then the state is not libertarian (the kids are being coerced). But if you have that, then the state is also not libertarian (adults are being coerced).
You can have libertarianism in a closed system of adult immortals that join voluntarily and don't reproduce. Otherwise, not.
@_date: 2015-11-13 07:16:45


If the bigger party has equal choice in what arbitrators they're willing to deal with, arbitrage overwhelmingly favors the bigger party, because the bigger party controls much more of the business brought to the arbitrator than the smaller party.
Allowing large businesses to dictate terms of dispute resolution effectively prevents class action lawsuits, which are an important way to hold large businesses accountable over systemic abuse.
Arbitrage can work for equally powerful parties. But that's the only situation where it works.


As the small party, you have no choice. You either go with the corrupt arbitrators chosen by the large corporations, where decisions always favor the large corporations; or you don't get service. If there are any payouts, they are such that it doesn't hurt the corporation at all, and they can proceed with systemic abuse because paying out some small amounts from time to time is cheaper.
You either get to agree to use their courts, or you don't get service. Good luck.
@_date: 2015-11-26 07:16:16


This is a moronic statement.
You have no rights against a lion, or a snake, or against thunder, or against hunger, or against a man holding a gun.
Rights are built by people; provided by people; ensured by people; and you don't want to cooperate in this system.
@_date: 2017-05-25 08:34:12
He was a corporate takeover specialist in the 1980s, who was prosecuted and found guilty for, essentially, representing himself in court in an arrogant way. He was convinced the case against him was ridiculous and petty, and it was prosecuted by none other than Rudy Giuliani, who was in the process of scoring political points. In prison, he became a self-taught lawyer, and for decades after, he's been fighting the US trying to seize the assets he had earned.
It's not correct to say he "hates the government". Rather, he has experience of governments as they actually are &amp;ndash; old boys' networks, where the rules work differently whether you're inside or outside the club.
He happened to make enemies with boys inside the club, and has been paying for it. As a person, he's extremely well-read, and has an undying work ethic (so much so, it can be considered a fault). As far as I can tell, his political views seem to be reasonable and centrist, and do not involve nonsense such as "there should not be a government, at all".
Socialist-leaning people might despise him for his role in breaking up large corporations that employed thousands. From a different perspective, these corporations were being run by entrenched, grandiose, politically connected managers who were acting against the interests of shareholders, and whose mismanagement was a main cause of [stagflation](
Since then, in my opinion, optimization of corporate efficiency has gone overboard, and too far into the "shareholders above everything" side of the spectrum. However, when Paul was active, there is reason to believe his role was contributory, and needed.
@_date: 2015-11-26 08:27:26


Again, you are intentionally blind to that I thought about these things 15 years ago. You somehow labor under the delusion that you can present me with "stunning new ideas" that I have not yet considered. Except that you're a noob, and you're presenting me with all the same ideas that I *also* adopted for a number of years, and then discarded.
What part of "I have been through this" do you not understand? This is why I'm arrogant to you. Because you must be a moron to expect that I'll be persuaded by an argument that I have *already* explicitly stated that I've considered, in-depth, 15 years ago!
That being said, if I claim that I've considered this, then I must have a counter-argument. Here it is.
Imagine that, instead of me coming to your door with 20 friends and asking you to pay taxes; instead of that, you have a nice libertarian town going on, where you have established absolute property laws with your 20 friends. There's no taxation, and everything is voluntary. If you guys can't all agree on some common project, it's just not done. Since 20 people never agree, this means not much gets done that cannot be done with the consent of only a few people. However, this suits you fine, since your top goal in life is absolute liberty, "don't tread on me"; *not actual well-being*.
Now imagine that, among your 20 friends, one of them falls on bad fortune. He makes some mistakes, he has some bad luck, a sinkhole opens under his house, he gets sick and cannot maintain his property; whatever. Suppose he has a family, a wife and several children. By the time the children are teenagers, the man and the wife have an accident, and they perish. The estate is taken by the parents' debt, and their surviving children have nothing.
Now, it so happens that you and your remaining 19 friends own all the property. You own all the water sources, all the land, all the cattle, all the forest, all the food. You established absolute property rights, so all trespassers are shot on sight. For the orphaned children, there's nowhere to go. There might be other towns, but they are far, and those other towns might be no friendlier.
What, do you imagine, happens?
Suppose some of these children are employable, and they are lucky enough to get jobs shoveling shit in your stables. If they make sure to not get in trouble, they will be able to earn a living licking the boots of your sons.
But this couple had several children. A couple were healthy, but another lost his leg to amputation because the family could not afford medicine. The youngest child is autistic. He's insufferable, extremely difficult to deal with. He has temper tantrums, he shits on people's carpets in their livings rooms, he attacks people when he feels threatened.
What happens to them?
@_date: 2015-11-17 01:41:54
You are typing unnecessarily. I was where you are ten, fifteen years ago. I was reading intro stuff you're linking me at age 20.
I am completely disinterested in persuading you, because I know that my opinions would not have changed then, either.
This is also why your writing is, to me, useless. You are covering ground I have already covered. It does not offer me anything new.
You make some observations that are sensible enough. But these are all arguments in favor of a better government, not none.
@_date: 2015-11-12 14:50:10
I'm trying to find a design that works as correctly as possible in all situations, without awful edge cases. Such designs are not self-evident, and require significant thought. But graceful handling of edge cases is worthwhile, since each one is a destroyed life.
it's not even clear what system you are arguing in favor of. Hopefully not the current system, which has awful edge cases.
@_date: 2015-11-26 07:22:37


This bombing just so coincidentally helps provide for your way of life. The bombing is done for different reasons than described by PR, but it's not done without benefit to you, the tax payer.
If Saudi Arabia wasn't your ally, you would not enjoy the liberty to pay $2 for a gallon of gas. You would instead be enjoying the liberty of paying $6, or $10. This would change your budget and remove other liberties you have.
I'm not saying the wars are justified, or the best course of action. However, they are a course of action *in which you benefit*. They are a course of action taken on your behalf, even if yours is the voice of dissent.
If you dissent so strongly, you have the freedom of leaving the country in which you reside. You also have the liberty of staying in the country, but leaving the economic system. You can go off grid, and fend for yourself in the woods. After all, you apparently don't wish to be part of any *community*, and do not recognize the existence of a body of people larger than your individual self.
So be an individual. Exit the system. Grow your own food. Feed yourself.
Taxation is the cost of participating in trade. You want to gain? You have to give. But *you don't have to participate*, you know.
@_date: 2017-05-23 03:37:38


Indeed it has. But if that is the purpose, why does the "war" continue?
There has been plenty of opportunity to observe that the "war" is not succeeding, and is not going to succeed with its stated goals. Yet it continues. Why?
@_date: 2017-05-26 03:38:07
Coercion is inevitable. You'll have some type.
Ending government is the most counter-productive thing to do. It leads to coercion of the worst type.
@_date: 2015-11-12 18:33:37
You believe the problem with the justice system is government monopoly?
We should have private courts?
@_date: 2015-11-26 08:42:13
I somehow cannot get the idea across to you that property itself *is* violence. If I was born into this world, but did not inherit anything; and all the resources that I need to live are already split up between yourself, and your 20 libertarian friends; then there is nothing for me to do except to die without resources, or lick your assholes.
This is assuming that I even have *prerequisites* to lick your assholes. If your assholes are already being sufficiently licked; or if my tongue is too scratchy to suit your pleasure; then I simply have *nothing* to offer you, and the best I can hope for is charity.
If there is just one person like me, that works. Everyone knows about me. I am the town beggar.
But now, imagine *millions* of people like this. Millions of people who did not inherit anything. Millions who do not have lawful access to resources. Millions whose tongues are too scratchy to lick anyone's asshole.
You would condemn those millions to death. Not by a bullet, not by a sword, but by simple starvation. By putting in place rules that prohibit them from being fed, *unless* someone &amp; enough people &amp; are willing to *voluntarily* feed them; at their sole expense.
You are betting the lives of millions on the predicate that voluntary charity will be sufficient to take care of them. Meanwhile, you only need to step onto the streets of many a city, to see that voluntary charity has *not* worked to keep a multitude of mentally ill off the streets. The evidence is right in your face, and in the face of this evidence, you say to people: "I got my own. Fuck you!"
@_date: 2015-11-12 11:13:24
Consider that the crime in question might be embezzlement; the accused may in fact be guilty; and prosecution being able to freeze their assets would prevent them from destroying those assets, or funneling them somewhere beyond recovery.
It seems evident that there are cases where the responsible thing to do is to freeze the assets. But then again, a defendant should be able to pay for their defense. *But then again*, should a guilty defendant be able to pay for their defense using embezzled money?
For example, suppose Karpeles stole MtGox Bitcoins. Do you want him to be able to pay for a superstar legal team with those same stolen Bitcoins? 
It seems the best system might be some sort of insurance which allows the assets to be frozen, *but* if the defendant is found innocent, the insurance pays them back *all* losses due to freezing. The costs of such insurance would have to be paid by the prosecution, which could then make a sensible decision about what proportion of assets to freeze, in order to minimize damage (and their costs) if the defendant turns out to be innocent.
@_date: 2015-11-26 07:01:59


Yes. Not fund the things, but the people. People who will die, or live awful lives, unless I coerce *you* to help me fund their health; their education; their freedom; their justice; their food.


It's not that you're not smart enough, it's that you're not charitable enough. And I'm not, on my own, either.
The charity required is of such magnitude that I cannot make a difference on my own. If I tried, and gave everything I can, I would feel disgruntled that you are not helping. It's hard enough for me to do what it takes on my own, and then a bunch of assholes like you are going around blithely, and just letting people suffer because you don't see it, or don't think it's important, or don't think it affects you.
So, yeah, basically, fuck you. Pay tax. Help people. The tax is structured in such a way that, if you need to pay it, *you can afford to*.


Nature did not give you liberty. It gave you slavery to hunger, thirst, the need for company, the need for love. Nature enslaves us all.
The freedoms you want come with responsibility for others. You are an asshole to the extent that you want absolute freedom for yourself, without also helping others who suffer under the same yoke, but did not get as lucky as you.
@_date: 2016-10-07 02:41:13


Because that is their modus operandi.
It is *exceedingly* unlikely that Backpage has actually supported sexual exploitation.
Most sex work is voluntary, or at least more so than having to clean toilets for minimum wage. Most minimum wage work is more oppressive, more exploitative, less rewarding than sex work. But there is a large proportion of the population that has warped, proscriptive, and mentally challenged views of sexuality.
It is *extremely* likely that this prosecution is either being perpetrated by such people, or by opportunists to gain their favor.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:33:34


Oh! And as a later-comer (a child who survived), you don't get freedom. You get slavery. All the means of production are already owned, so the only way to survive is to prostitute yourself (literally or metaphorically) as a resource for capital owners to use.
If the capital owners have already automated everything, and don't need you for anything at all, well, that sucks.
@_date: 2017-05-26 04:28:41
If you get the freedom you're looking for, I'm pretty sure it will turn out to be the freedom to be fucked in the arse. Even among adults.
In the real world, there's [information asymmetry]( which anarcho-capitalism generally does not resolve.
This leads to much lesser economic efficiency, and worse outcomes for everyone. Basically, at every step, you have to be careful to not be stabbed in the back.
This kind of "freedom" is only attractive to people who find a thrill in that, and don't want actual prosperity.
@_date: 2015-11-12 14:55:41


It's not currently typical. But shouldn't they? Overzealous prosecution of a person who could very well be innocent is probably one of the most unethical things a person can do, yet prosecutors can get away with that, no problem. The prosecuting side *should* have some skin in the game, I think. The prosecution *itself* has the ability to destroy lives, even when the defendant is found innocent.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:16:07


What do you mean? Each person in prison is a victory and a center of profit for the corporations that incarcerate them.
The drug war is 100% won. It works to employ thousands of people and bring profits to those who perpetuate it. They're having a blast. 100% victory for them.
@_date: 2015-11-19 14:12:06


Good government is not about control, it is about coordination. Coordination is an absolute necessity, even if we are all smart.
But we're not all smart. Recognizing that isn't about not having faith, it's recognizing reality. I can have faith in people being mostly good, and simultaneously recognize we aren't all smart.
Holding people to your standards of intelligence is actually quite cruel. It's an argument used to justify exploiting people because "it's their own fault" if they "let themselves" be defrauded by you, because it just so happens you're smarter.


And one of the best things that people do with their liberty is, they found a democratic government to coordinate with each other.
You would like to undermine the very vehicle that people use to reconcile their different wants.


It is not *just* about stupidity. It is about being informed. The government enforcing standards allows people to have reasonable expectations about safety of products they are buying. You seem to have no comprehension about how much of an efficiency improvement it is that, when you walk into a store, you don't expect to be defrauded. When you buy rice, you do not have to check if it's fake race (extruded potatoes covered in plastic). When you buy milk, that it's not actually "enriched" with poison.


While there are people who do petty malicious things, just for the sake of doing them, this is not the source of the greatest evils. The greatest evils aren't meant to be evil &amp; they're just the outcomes of selfishness and ignorance. The evils that arise from people doing "whatever they want" with their property are emergent properties of the system that need to be mitigated systematically. For the most part, these evils do not arise due to individuals *wanting* to be evil.


I'm not sure what reasonable person believes such a thing.


Having no experience of life in third-world countries, you do not recognize that the vast majority of the wealth you enjoy is not, in fact, of your creation. The wealth you enjoy is an emergent property of the system you are in, and does not exist without the system.
The concept of property that you cherish is only made possible *by* the system, and is one of the parameters of the system. Changing the parameters of the system is not theft, because theft only exists within the system.
Outside of the system, you have no property. Outside of the system, everything just is, and is held by whoever takes it. You are trying to both benefit from the system (enjoy property rights), and not be part of the system. This is hypocrisy.
If you want property rights, you need to agree to how we define them. Our definition of property rights includes taxation. If you don't agree with how we define property, you are outside of the system. Outside of the system, you *have* no rights.


Those things are foolish to believe, and reasonable people do not believe them.


That's another strawman of which you have convinced yourself.
You are not making a good-faith attempt to understand what the other party *actually* thinks. You're projecting your ignorance.
@_date: 2015-11-12 13:28:25


If there was an insurance payout for being found innocent, you could get a lawyer on contingency, with a multiple of legal expenses covered by the insurance payout if your defense succeeds. It has to be a multiple, so that if the lawyer defends people like this often, the payout covers the lost cases, too.
This would promote strong defense for folks who are perceived to have a high chance of being innocent, while discouraging wasting resources on folks who are likely guilty.
@_date: 2015-11-17 12:55:35
*Why* do you keep typing?
You're championing these cynical views which are, bottom line, *not helpful*. They represent a loss of faith. They are destructive.
You don't have half the clue you think you have about the world. Neither do your sources.
This is all a bunch of whining to hide the fact that you have lost faith in your fellow human beings. But you aren't going to get *anywhere* &amp; anywhere at all &amp; with this lost faith.
Your entire existence; your entire world; is founded on the "we" that you disparage and deny. The longer you deny the "we", the greater the likelihood that you will enter an experience without it. This will be a harsh experience, where you will come to understand the importance of the "we" &amp; of what you lost that you've taken for granted from society &amp; while you're being fucked in the arse.
The material that you read is harmful.
@_date: 2017-05-26 03:13:15
The word is used in various ways, but the people who react like you did are not worthy of a reply.
@_date: 2015-11-14 09:32:59


I wish I could track down the analysis of arbitrage decisions which pointed out very clearly that 99% of all large business vs. individual arbitrage decisions, over a period of years, were in favor of the corporation.
99%. Literally only dozens of decisions among tens of thousands were made in favor of the individual.
Think about that.
Your Apple example completely misses the point, and shows you lack understanding of power dynamics.


Do you regularly negotiate special terms when you, as an individual, use any kind of mass market product?
You do not. You do not get special terms as an individual, because you do not have negotiating power.
You would have negotiating power if you could bargain as a group. But wait! You're putting policies in place that *prevent* you from bargaining as a group.
All mass market stuff is available on a take-it-or-leave-it basis. If you want internet, your choice will be Comcast or Verizon. Both will mandate use of the same arbitrage association for disputes. You can either agree to that, or hey &amp; no internet!
Consider not just buying stuff. Consider employment. You want to work for ACME Corporation? Employment agreement requires this arbitrage association. Oh, you think that arbitrage association is unfair? OK, no job for you.
It's not like there's no competition for the job. You don't want to be screwed? You'll be on welfare.
Oh wait! You're libertarian. There *is* no welfare.
@_date: 2015-11-26 07:28:09


Why are you arguing this? The only explanation I can conceive is that you think I'm a communist in favor of abolishing property and trade.
I am in favor of property. I am in favor of trade. *And* I am in favor of harnessing markets so as to produce socially desirable outcomes.
You're the one who thinks (1) markets can even *exist* without some kind of structure; and that (2) the best structure for markets to exist in is un-designed and naive. You're the one who thinks that markets automatically produce the most desirable outcomes under some "self-evident" structure. You're the one who pays no thought to assumptions of how market structure is created and provided.
For some reason you seem to think I am the opposite type of maniac who labors under the delusion that money is bad, or that markets need to be abolished.
I don't have those beliefs. I'm pointing out that you, the fundamentalist pro-market maniac; and Commie Marxson, the fundamentalist anti-market maniac; are in fact two sides of the same coin. And more alike than you think.
@_date: 2015-10-25 18:52:01


Because you probably didn't offer him $10,000 worth of BTC, but $10 worth, and in that case he doesn't see it as worth his time.
That's not to say he isn't dumb for saying Bitcoin isn't "backed by anything", however. Neither is gold.
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:19:45
It cuts both ways. Some of the poor people are overly generous, while others (friends, relatives) are exploitative of that generosity. Many who observe the generous repeatedly being exploited then conclude generosity and love toward people are bad.
@_date: 2017-07-25 20:43:11
I would not support the statement that they're "least credible". Clearly, there are worse outlets.
I would also not support a statement that they are fully credible, though. Or without a slanted editorial policy that dictates the headlines, and what content gets pushed.
An outlet can have good journalism at the same time as it has compromised editors.
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:03:29


This being a fundamental hard problem to solve, of similar difficulty as the distributed currency problem in the first place.
@_date: 2017-07-27 01:09:42
Not *everyone* in the world is driven by greed over the greater good. In fact, most people aren't, and the challenge of civilization &amp;ndash; facilitated by public institutions &amp;ndash; is reining in those who are.
@_date: 2017-05-26 03:56:48
I meant people like Oliver Stone, who make movies like [Wall Street]( with near-Satanic characters like Gordon Gekko. That's not a realistic portrayal of what was going on in the 80s, but many people are led to believe that it is.
@_date: 2017-05-22 21:41:47
It's not actually a *war*. It is policies and a process. "War" is the media name &amp;ndash; a distortion of what's actually going on.
The whole point of these policies is *not* to rid society of drugs. If that were the goal, it conflicts with a bunch of legal highs out there, like Adderall or Oxycontin.
It's well-documented that Nixon's motivation with pursuing these policies was to get back at the blacks and the hippies. The true purposes are (1) to oppress, and (2) to profit.
It's working on both counts...
@_date: 2015-11-16 22:32:29
I wasn't going to reply further, but I found [this other related comment today]( and I thought you might find it helpful.
It's written from a perspective, and with information, that might offer you a different angle, if you are open to it.
I used to identify as libertarian, and pursue the ideas that you seem to be pursuing, until I realized that despite years of trying, I cannot reconcile facts with theory. The facts seem to be that, not only is government necessary, but *good* government is necessary; and there is no silver bullet. Good government requires our vigilance and effort. It is like all systems, in that it always wants to fall apart unless good and underrated people constantly work to keep it steady.
@_date: 2017-07-27 00:55:47


This lesson is much easier to learn in successful Western environments, though, than it is in dog-eat-dog environments. Russia is a dog-eat-dog environment. The poorest neighborhoods in developed countries are more likely to be dog-eat-dog environments.
In those environments, you learn the counter-productive lesson that other people are not to be trusted, you have to watch your back at all times, and the only way to get ahead is to stab other people in the back when they are not watching. This is counter-productive because this is not actually the best way to get ahead in life. The best way is to get *out* of the dog-eat-dog environment, get *into* a successful environment, and then succeed *with* people rather than against them. That way, you succeed bigger, and most other people have your back, instead of you having to watch it.
But I'm not sure Russia is a good place to learn that.
@_date: 2015-02-05 19:26:19
No, the comment you were replying to is correct. A seasoned C++ developer who codes well, speaks English well, and knows what they're doing, is paid $100k+ per year. Doesn't matter if in the US or in Italy.
If your friends make 1200 EUR per month as programmers, they must be doing something much less demanding and critical than GPG. For every excellent developer that earns $100+k, there are ten times as many who are second rate, and will make less.
1200 per month is still very low even for a second rate developer, however. Maybe you mean after tax? That might work out to $30+k per year pre-tax, which might be entry-level pay for people who don't know yet what they're worth (or the Waldos who know... and it serves them better if no one finds out).
@_date: 2015-11-15 10:50:28


It was an analysis of *private* arbitrage.


You are a network maintenance professional laboring under the delusion that monopolies are formed 100% by government, and 0% by market dynamics. You seem to think what it would take to de-throne a monopoly like Comcast is deregulation. You don't recognize that a market can be structured in such a way as to naturally discourage entry, and to protect the incumbent.
Under complete regulatory freedom, the only effective way to compete with an infrastructural monopoly like Comcast would be to compete with them at their full size and scope, which means investing hundreds of billions of USD to build out a network matching theirs, going to the same households, duplicating infrastructural investment. This is the *only* way you can compete with them without government protection; without them being able to improve service and drop prices in just *your* area to drive you out of business.
And if you get to this point, all it gets you is two national providers; which isn't even effective competition. Two providers can easily engage in anti-competitive dynamics and basically agree to split the market, which &amp; oh! &amp; is how Comcast happened. 
And before that, AT&amp;T. And before that, Ma Bell. And before that &amp; in another time and industry &amp; Standard Oil.
You don't seem to know, but you are victim to brainwashing. People who want to weaken the US government so they can gain from their economic position have sold you the idea that government is the cause of all trouble. You've bought this, and now go around touting these convictions that everything would be naturally ideal *if just this oppressive, wasteful government didn't interfere*.
Because *that's* what we see naturally around the world. All of the best countries are those with nearly no government. Right?
It's like you're wearing blinkers. Allow yourself to *see*.
@_date: 2017-07-24 15:49:23
Under different ownership. WaPo today is Jeff Bezos's outlet.
@_date: 2017-07-28 00:59:11
But bureaucratic institutions serve the population, which does have a moral compass overall.
@_date: 2017-07-27 00:46:51


This cost me over 221 BTC in the MtGox hack, BTW. I didn't trust myself to store them, and I thought *surely* the biggest exchange at that time must have at least better, if not state-of-the-art security.
*hah hah hah :)*
@_date: 2017-05-26 03:07:44
Yes, I believe it is. We do not have the luxury of living in a world where everything is optional.
Nature imposes inter-dependencies on us, and we must sort them out, or else. This makes strict libertarianism fundamentally incompatible with the nature of our reality.
Technically, that would make it "crazy nonsense".
At best, we can aspire to eventually govern as non-coercively as possible, but there will have to be some coercion, always.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:57:05
Yes, when we all ascend and communicate telepathically. It's the ideal system for something humans aren't at this time.
Right now, though, all you need to see that no kind of anarchy can work with humans is if you log into any mass-multiplayer online game, and compare the performance of a random group without a leader to a random group that has one.
If you've never seen a 40-man premade in Isle of Conquest, I'm not sure you understand how overwhelmingly a group will massacre another just by virtue of having a leader who can tell people what to do, and remove them from the group if it's not done.
The group doesn't have to be individually better than the other. You can have random people on both sides. But the organized group will absolutely massacre the other. Complete control and annihilation without recourse.
@_date: 2017-06-03 16:32:21
The problem is that ancap does not guarantee any rights for the child.
No right to health care. No right to education. No right to be protected from parents' irresponsibility &amp;ndash; including anti-vaxxing.
When kids grow up in ancap, they grow up into a system where all property is already owned. They have only what they inherit, which is little, because most people on balance have nothing. As technology progresses, they increasingly grow up in a system where the owners of property do not need their labor.
How do they feed themselves, when no one has a use for a pair of hands? Especially a pair of hands that's not educated; because the parents could not pay for it, and ancap wouldn't make anyone else pay?
As far as I can tell, the following is 100% okay under ancap:
[Paedophile 'prophet' took brainwashed couple's six children as wives, court told](
Am I wrong? What does ancap do to prevent this?
@_date: 2017-06-02 12:45:25


People who are newly born cannot opt-in. The moral choice is to run a system that will serve them.
An-cap is a moral choice for a group of adults who have chosen voluntary sterilization. Otherwise, not. Their children do not choose it.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:36:24
There is no collection of humans in which you can have 100% agreement for any length of time.
If your terms are 100% consent, you can have an-cap for about 30 minutes in a group of adults who all come from another system, and will return to it before the hour is done.
You just keep going on about this in ways that are completely implausible. It's not just a waste of time for me to engage. It's a waste of time for you to be daydreaming it.
It would make sense if your purpose were simply to [imagine]( because you enjoy indulging the what-if. If that's the case, you're knowingly or unknowingly using me to masturbate, where talking about an-cap is what gets you off. But it'll always be just that.
@_date: 2017-06-02 12:41:51
No, I think the people can agree (by voting, like you know, shareholders in a corporation?) how the rules of property will work.
If you're a minority shareholder who thinks dividends should be distributed, but the majority thinks dividends should be re-invested, the majority wins. Same thing for a country. It is not self-evident how property and trade should work. We decide how it works.
The extreme libertarian (anarcho-capitalist) idea is that property rights and rules of trade are not defined by us, but are self-evident or god-given. This is not just plainly stupid, but the economic concepts this ideology assumes are self-serving, and do not work.
@_date: 2017-06-04 21:32:10
If you mean Breivik (Norway), that particular terrorist was motivated by hatred of immigration.
@_date: 2017-06-05 19:41:15
I literally no longer have a response other than *cringe*.
This is so retarded, I have no words. It is very hard for me to understand how you wouldn't see this completely misses the point.
The only way to not see it is if you *really really do not want*, which means any response is pointless.
@_date: 2017-06-05 22:29:53


I *cringe* because it seems you put "personal responsibility" over "survival".
Good luck defending UK in the 1940s against Nazi Germany if your approach is that "individuals are responsible for their own protection". :)


... ?
Yeah, it's not like the Roman Empire came to exist through conquest, or anything. Or the US came to exist through manifest destiny and wars with Mexico and others.
@_date: 2017-06-03 16:26:30


Do you not see that we *already* have ancap?
The countries that exist are the systems that exist inside it.
@_date: 2017-06-05 13:38:14
The Swedish truck attack killed 4 people, injured 15, and was apparently committed by a "[39-year-old Uzbek man]( who "was denied permanent residency status in June and was sought for deportation last summer".
Apparently, he had "shown an interest in Islamic State and has been sympathetic to extremist organizations".
It appears this person was angry and somewhat psychopathic. With his asylum request rejected, he bought into the narrative of an in-group / out-group division where white people are the in-group, and they walk over the out-group, of which he thinks he is part.
The fact that the Middle East is being bombed by white people certainly supports this narrative. Sweden is white. Therefore.
It doesn't have to *make sense*. The fact is that we're helping create an in-group / out-group dynamic. The bombings help create this dynamic, the terror attacks help create this dynamic, and your anger at Muslims helps create this dynamic. It is a vicious cycle.
Sweden does have [forces in the Middle East]( fighting ISIS, BTW.
@_date: 2017-06-04 20:06:55
By your own logic, overthrowing the US as a cartel is not legitimate, because any form of governance can exist within an-cap, and the current form of US governance is what the American people are choosing within the global an-cap.
If you do not permit a republican oligarchy like the US, or a social state like Sweden, or a dictatorial tragedy like North Korea, then you must have rules for what systems you permit inside an-cap. Ironically, you can't enforce those rules, because you have an-cap.
Nearly any individual system inside the an-cap is stronger, and dominates the an-cap. An-cap is absence of system, and any system dominates non-system.
@_date: 2017-06-12 02:45:35


But our ability to reach it isn't.
Human population expands as *y ~ k^(t)*. That's an exponential function of time.
The space available to us, even if we travel at light speed, expands as *y ~ t^d*, where *d&lt;=3*. That's polynomial.
The resources within our reach are *always* finite in practice, compared to our ability to multiply and exceed them. Our ultimate future is Malthusian, unless we control growth.
This is a type of wrongness rivaling young Earth creationists... Fundamental rejection of what is plain to observe, because the narrative feels better; seems more moral.
@_date: 2017-06-05 12:42:42
You understand that, in a war, people are going to opt out of defense...? Why should a person contribute at great personal cost, when contributions are voluntary and the guy next door is not contributing at all? Only a fool would contribute all they can, when they are not being coerced, in a system where everyone must maintain their own personal safety nets, because the community doesn't.
So then the anarchy is no more, because it scatters to the winds, and is replaced by a system that was able to recruit resources.
*And that's how we have the countries we have today.* Because anarchy is the weakest system, and is replaced by nearly anything.
@_date: 2017-06-06 08:23:33


What is the point of this exercise if you never consider the viability of the framework you develop?
*"Nice axiomatic assumptions you have there. It sure would be a shame if they turned out to be flawed."*
What if the real world; in which we live; which is not a choice; it is a given;
what if this real world turns out to be incompatible with your assumptions? Stated and unstated ones? What then?
[I can tell you what then.]( But this doesn't mean you will hear.