@_author: sushiftw
@_date: 2017-01-06 16:48:12
TBH I wish my country had mandatory civil service. Be it military or helping the elderly or children. I think it helps build the character of a nation and should be completed with pride. 
Life is all about perspective. Your perspective changes as you acquire more life experience. 
I am not saying you are not allowed to rant or complain, you have every right to do that. I'm just saying there are many benefits to this type of system that you cant see yet, because of perspective. 
@_date: 2017-01-06 19:17:07
That pay seems a little low for your skill set. But that being said. You will be provided free university and you already realize the skills you are acquiring regarding communication and responsibilities will help you down the road. You also have a different perspective on what old people go through, and will probably look at them differently after your service is over. This, on a massive scale, goes a long way towards changing a society's outlook on our elderly. Make the young become invested in society through service. (The only other way I can see people actually get invested in society and the future of it is by having kids)
Based on how you seem to be planning for your future; without this service I don't doubt you would have gone on to live a positive productive life. But other people not in your situation; this service will change their lives for the better. 
One thing I have learned as I get older is to try and put myself in others shoes. How would I want to be treated if I were old and needed help.
One day we will be old and require care. At that point I think we would all be grateful for the civil service programs that exist. 
Good luck with how the rest of your service goes!
@_date: 2017-01-06 22:42:49
I guess Switzerland is communist shithole because of their mandatory civil service. And most Nordic countries. And South Korea. They must all have mental problems..
@_date: 2017-01-06 22:20:23
Simpleton here. We are all "getting old" and nowhere did I say I expect anybody to look after ME. Being part of a society has its costs. One of those if giving up a limited amount of liberty to live in a safe and secure society. Setting up the system so all people from a society have a vested interest in the future might not be a bad thing. 
Looking after the elderly as a civil service for a year is not slavery. 