@_author: svenr
@_date: 2017-12-03 20:33:00




How did you know what most users want? And how do you define a "user"?
@_date: 2017-12-02 12:19:03
Dash, if they stick to their Evolution roadmap.
@_date: 2017-12-18 09:15:09


You see, I have a life to live outside of Reddit. [Read my earlier post.](
Talking about embarrassment, don't lean so far out of the window, Ms. Short-term-victims-with-proof-available or Ms. Tens-of-millions-of new-users. But yeah, I guess it would take self-awareness to be embarrassed. Even just a pinch.
@_date: 2017-12-17 23:54:55


Sorry, but if you think that short-term price variations in a known-volatile market make "victims" and this somehow justifies a "fraud" label, I have news for you: 
Or how about this one? Everybody knows apples are for eating! Who are those scammers trying to fool with their misinformation and stealing a good name?? Here's the proof:   
See? Total fraud!! 
What you mean by the other of the "two types", the "victims in terms of misinformation", I have no idea. Perhaps you can elaborate? What is the damage those poor information victims are suffering?
Sure, you are free to say "It will create more victims in the future" and yes, of course that's speculation. Maybe, some day the veil will be lifted and Bitcoin Cash collapses to next to zero while somewhere an evil mastermind is laughing all the way to the bank with gazillions of defrauded money. I'll eat humble pie then. 
But while it's absolutely possible that Bitcon Cash could collapse one day, the same could happen to Bitcoin. And in neither case I'd call it fraud or scam, but simply taking a calculated risk in a nascent market that didn't pan out.
You've seen [this cartoon]( yes? Of course, you'd not be one of those two guys on the left. No, you're an enlightend investor, it's the early 1900s and with great foresight, you will put your money on a [sure winner]( right?
A fraud or scam requires a deliberate affliction of damage to unsuspecting victims for the personal gain of the perpetrator. People who throw these accusations around so lightly should shoulder the burden of proof. Who are the victims? What is their damage? Who is the perpetrator? How does he stand to gain? Sorry, but if a short-term rate drop is all you have to show, you haven't demonstrated anything.
Can we drop the " you must be embarrassed" BS? Makes it hard to take you seriously.
@_date: 2017-12-03 08:14:36
@_date: 2017-12-02 18:11:51
Bug fixes? Sure. Documentation? No problem. Some code refactoring? Certainly.
Updates that touch on a certain company's business interests? Hahaha ....
@_date: 2018-05-26 06:12:37
What truth?
And who decides what is The Truth™?
@_date: 2014-04-29 00:39:47
My 2 ct from my own experience: Bought a Yelp deal for Scampi Pasta House, an Italian restaurant in Reno. It had a 3-star avg rating - not great, but not too bad either. Good enough to give it a shot with the deal coupon.
It was a horrible experience. Some of the worst food, drinks and service we've had in a long time. How can a place like that have 3 stars, we wondered? Went back to Yelp and noticed on bottom a barely noticeable link "Filtered reviews". Clicked. And, oh wow... page after page of 1 and 2 star reviews that jibed with our experience! All removed from counting!
Of course, we immediately suspected Yelp to help boost Scampi's score by hiding all those bad reviews in return for Scampi running a Yelp deal. I have no further proof for this, but you tell me - just a coincidence?
@_date: 2014-04-29 07:03:26
Coinbase also hides extra margin in the exchange rate they give you. Theirs is always worse than what you can get from Bitstamp, Kraken etc., so they really charge you much more than 1%.
@_date: 2016-03-14 04:11:56
I don't know why augustinf would say that. Most wallets I know will let you use as many addresses as you want, often even automatically generate new ones for each transaction. Limited only by the memory on your computer. So strictly speaking of course not infinite, but for practical purposes more than enough.
@_date: 2016-03-14 04:22:57
Using those services can incur you fees, since those companies are not welfare organizations and have to make money somehow. They also hold the BTC for you, i.e. they control the private key to your Bitcoin. That means they could get hacked and lose your BTC, go bankrupt, steal your funds or freeze them because they don't like something about your transactions.
If you post a QR code of your own address, nobody can touch your funds, but everybody can see them by looking up the address. The solution is to change addresses around every once in a while.
@_date: 2014-06-06 03:36:49
Besides IRS being mentioned before, which other country has a tipping culture as entrenched as the US and widespread credit card use so that a waitress is getting worried about a 3% tip deduction from CC fees?
@_date: 2016-03-07 16:00:05
I'm sure your temper will take you far in life.
@_date: 2016-03-08 07:56:32
Hahaha, assumptions, assumptions! Perhaps, in between your rage fits, you could deal with simple concepts such as looking at poster names. I'm not florbagast. I understand things quite well, I believe. I've seen all the arguments against bigger blocks, thank you, and wasn't asking for anything. 
I just pointed out your awful behavior. That's all.
@_date: 2016-03-06 16:09:40
Such a cop-out answer. 
Basically a lot of posturing for saying "I don't know either." Classy.
@_date: 2016-03-14 04:24:19
Yes, fiat =  any government issued money 
@_date: 2018-10-19 05:59:52
I'm squinting and trying to see the /s, but I'm not sure it's there. 
Have you read only the last sentence or also my earlier paragraphs discussing Bitcoin's utility as cash?
@_date: 2018-10-18 21:04:44






Well, if you invoke Satoshi's original idea, then I'll have to disagree. Bitcoin was not invented to be a store of anything. It was not invented to be a better gold. The essence that made it extremely powerful was [peer-to-peer electronic cash]( 
Cash, that has a high utility value from being used for "online payments", for "Commerce on the Internet", as "electronic payment system". The quotes are all right from the first page of the paper. Being a good store of value would come as a consequence, a welcome side effect of being widely adopted as substitute for cash.
Unfortunately Bitcoin got robbed of this use case. Back in 2014/15 there was a great spirit in the air of Bitcoin taking over the world. Major announcements came one after another from merchants accepting BTC as payment: Dell, Expedia, Microsoft, Steam / Valve, Overstock, Braintree by Paypal, even the pizza place around the corner, ... Usage picked up, certain limits were hit, but instead of taking sensible steps to loosen those limits and keep the momentum going, certain influential people decided to choke Bitcoin and kill the momentum instead. Now they [recommend using tabs]( or [credit cards](
Meanwhile, people who earlier didn't tire to explain the technology to others, started businesses, lobbied for merchants to accept it, formed meetups and actually used Bitcoin whenever possible either [gave up]( or [left for other coins]( that pursue what Bitcoin originally was meant to be. 
Nearly all the newcomers, who replaced those who left, care about one thing and one thing only: price. Bitcoin's original use case thrown out the window, replaced by a nebulous notion of "storing value" without any other utility. Price, price, price. When to get in, when to get out. ATH, hodl, get rich quick.
Sadly, Bitcoin has become a pure speculation instrument. In a market crash, there is nothing that will make speculators hold on to it any more than to any other speculative asset.
@_date: 2018-10-19 05:56:43


I've seen all the arguments for that. I disagree. I see it the other way around. 


The higher market cap will not come out of thin air or because people suddenly discover Bitcoin as a safe haven in a market crash (the premise of OP's post). It will come from Bitcoin being used more for what it was invented for.


Lot's of people have. Merchants back in 2014 have. I have. Without that Bitcoin wouldn't have hit its artificial limits back in the day.
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:21:24


Sure, I totally agree. Bitcoin *should* work the way you describe. But why *should* an individual run a full node? Those are two different things and you haven't addressed the latter at all. Without any financial incentive to the individual, but costs and inconvenience, you are basically appealing to people's altruism. That works in small niche communities where everyone enthusiastically pursues the same goal, but not in the mainstream. How many of the "Yeah 10k!" posters in here do you think really care about the technology? How many of the 450,000 r/bitcoin subscribers do you think run a full node today? How many even know what a full node is? Tragedy of the commons, look it up.
That's why the whole "1MB blocks or lose decentralization" argument is a false dilemma. In an ideal world, there should be more nodes, even today. In the real world, the number of nodes is not going to sink further if you run 2, 4 or 8 MB blocks.
Not sink? Not even a little bit?
First, let's assume Bitcoin maintains its current course and becomes a settlement layer for big players, banks and lightning node operators. For Lighnting Network to work, blocks must remain small (otherwise you could just transact on-chain). That means fees will be significant and most regular payment transactions get pushed off-chain onto the lightning network. You agree so far?
OK, then take the earlier question a step further: Why should anyone, *who can't even participate in the on-chain network in the first place*, run a full node and donate resources to help secure the network for big banks? Or the store-of-value guys. Why would someone, who just put a couple BTC in cold storage hoping to reach his moon, run a full node 24/7? Think about that for a bit, it's a key question. I can't predict the future, but I'd assume that under this scenario, even more people opt for SPV wallets or hosted solutions.
Now suppose we scale on-chain. Blocks are wherever they need to be to accommodate most people's transactions. The Lightning Network is for Internet of Things and true micro transactions. What was a small swell in merchant adoption in late 2014 grows into a major wave sweeping across the world instead of ebbing out. Millions and millions of people start using, not just hoarding, Bitcoin everyday. You know who will be among those millions? Those geeks, privacy guys, businesses, enthusiasts. Folks with enough resources to run 10 or even 100MB blocks. Not every user, sure, but still more than we have today and enough to keep the network safe and out of the hands of governments. Even in Bangladesh. 


May I ask who your ISP is? In my experience, 1GBit is common for home connections in Japan and for ¥5000-8000/mth (US$ 45-70) you can get all the bandwidth you need. And if you can't afford that, why did you ignore the VPS? Just sign up with Vultr, SimpleNo.de or a similar service and you will have a cheaper AND more stable full node than on your home DSL. 5-10 bucks a month, 8 MB blocks with resources to spare, rock-solid, today. I even posted screenshots earlier. Why would you not be able to keep your node running?
 
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:17:08
Who is "you guys"?
@_date: 2017-11-26 12:29:29
There won't be a store of value without any underlying utility. Utility creates value. No utility = all you have left is speculation and that's not really "value". Utility comes from being used by millions of people every day all over the world for all kinds of transactions. 
You remove that and you pull the rug out from underneath Bitcoin's feet, which - surprise! - was invented as a [P2P electronic cash system]( a payment network, in the first place. I may run up a while longer, perhaps to $10k or even a little more - as long as you find more people pouring money in purely out of FOMO. But it's not more than a speculative bubble at this point, maintained by eternal promises of Ligthning Network and layer-2 solutions, whose implications most newcomers don't even understand. But it will fix everything. Really soon. Any day now. [Since Feb 2015.](
@_date: 2017-11-24 09:40:04


Multi-millionaires, definitely. But billionaires? Genuinely curious. Do you have a source?
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:54:07
He didn't.
@_date: 2017-11-27 16:25:48
Sounds like you might be assuming that you must buy/sell a whole BTC, so you get stuck trying to sell at Coinbase with the 10k limit? Bitcoin can be divided into tiny fragments, so it's no problem to buy or sell, say 0.1 BTC for $900 when the price is at $9,000.
And Coinbase isn't the only exchange. There are plenty of others that let you trade larger amounts. Or use an Over-The-Counter (OTC) broker who matches you directly with a trade partner without going through exchanges. (Helps avoid slippage too.)
Your choices are a bit more limited if you're a US citizen living in the US, but even then, there are plenty of options. Also depends on how large the amount and how many hoops you want to jump through to trade.
@_date: 2017-11-27 08:18:58
What does that have to do with what we discussed?
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:47:46
Allow me to assume an alt that is secure, otherwise it'd indeed be a futile exercise. Possible failure scenario:
* Being forever stuck in internal trench warfare, focusing on putting the other guys down instead of on making Bitcoin the best. Leads to:
* Fall short on one or more of the three basic pillars of fiat currency: medium of exchange, store of value, unit of account. Leads to:
* Failure to replace or even supplement fiat currency. Then:
* An alt solves the governance problem, the funding problem for development and marketing (so they don't have to rely on donations of time and money or deal with corporate conflicts of interest) and emphasizes payments. Leads to:
* Focused and aggressive development to meet market demand without being held up by internal turmoil. Leads to:
* Growing market-driven adoption and integration in people's everyday life, which eventually also makes it a good store of value. Leads to:
* Surpass of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-25 11:01:14


as in "giant dwarf"?
@_date: 2017-11-26 11:51:48
I'm not a gamer and could not possibly care any less about EA. 
But I'll challenge you to a test of understanding cryptocurrency tech any time.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:57:35
A small handful of isolated quotes from a large repository of writings and discussions on all kinds of topics do not make a vision. His vision is spelled out unambiguously right in the title of the paper.
@_date: 2017-11-23 20:18:28


I've seen something similar happen before and wouldn't be too surprised if it happened again. Friendster had huge network effects and nobody could imagine it being surpassed. Then along came MySpace. MySpace had huge network effects and nobody could imagine it being surpassed. Then along came Facebook...


Everyday use by everybody as a widely established worldwide payment system. Other than that, nothing.


Bitcoin wasn't invented as a store of value, but as a ["Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System"]( Certain people are trying very hard to change that perception, but ...


... that will indeed be impossible since one of fiat currencies' main function, perhaps even THE main function, is to act as a medium of exchange - a widely used payment system for transactions of all sizes.
 


Sure, but what do you mean by "use" with regards to Bitcoin? Speculating on a rising price is not what I'd call "using it".
There was a time, a few years ago, when we all got excited how we'd give Visa a run for their money, [how hopelessly outdated Western Union was]( how fast and easy it was to pay for things without risk of getting your credit card info stolen, how to get more merchants on board and we [celebrated the latest win](
Today? With unpredictable and frequently prohibitively high fees and unacceptably long confirmation times, Bitcoin is [undoing progress we've made earlier]( and makes people move to altcoins or, worse, turns the few, who actually try to use it, off from crypto altogether. 


I wouldn't call it simple. Bitcoin hasn't managed, unfortunately.


No, it's mainly because in most countries fiat just works for everyday transactions, unlike Bitcoin. Bitcoin, as it is today, is great to send large sums across borders, but most people don't exactly do that every day. But they go grocery shopping, pump gas and get a snack on the way. No way you can use Bitcoin for this today without major inconvenience and expense. Or ... you just swipe your Visa and collect frequent flyer miles or cash back on top.
Whichever crypto solves this first, will win the day. And since Bitcoin seems forever stuck in internal trench warfare, focusing on putting the other guys down instead of on making Bitcoin great, I could see a future where an alt that has solved the governance problem, the funding problem for development and marketing (so they don't have to rely on donations of time and money or deal with corporate conflicts of interest) and focuses on payments eats Bitcoin's lunch. I'd regret that tremendously as a long-time Bitcoin advocate, but the possibility is definitely out there.
@_date: 2017-11-25 10:56:38
@_date: 2017-11-24 09:31:45
There won't be a store of value without any underlying utility as a medium of exchange. Utility creates value. No utility = all you have left is speculation and that's not really "value". Utility comes from being used by millions of people every day all over the world for all kinds of transactions.
No, Bitcoin won't be killed in a "corporate takeover". If it gets killed, then by another decentralized alt that solves the payment network and internal governance problems, so it doesn't get bogged down in eternal infighting. While BTC and BCH are busy trying to kill each other, other alts can take the opportunity to develop mostly unchallenged and one day surprise us out of the left field. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 22:07:01
For example:
 &gt; "Bitcoin Unlimited and Bitcoin 2X forks in which buyers have lost their investment"
None of them ever forked, therefore nobody could buy any of these "forks", therefore nobody lost any investment in them. And Bitcoin Unlimited didn't even have a fork activation mechanism. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 10:51:03
Fine, don't sweep everyone under the same rug. But I want to add ...


... makes no sense to me. Why would anyone run a full node even today? Tech geeks because they are fascinated by the technology. Privacy absolutists because they don't want to expose themselves to SPV servers. Businesses for added security. Enthusiasts because they just want to support the network out of the goodness of their heart. 
And the rest, the millions of mainstream folks? What do they get out of running a resource-intensive process that - no matter what block size - needs to be always on and eats up storage, bandwidth and electricity? Why wouldn't they use a slim SPV or mobile wallet that costs them nothing to run and is MUCH more convenient? Or just keep their funds sitting in exchanges, as I'd bet most of the price meme posters here do despite all the warnings? Do you really think keeping blocks at 1MB will make a difference in their decision? 
I'm sure the geeks, the privacy guys, the businesses and enthusiasts who are willing to run a 1MB full node will also have the resources to run 2, 4 or more MB blocks, no matter where they live. Even many developing countries nowadays have excellent and cheap bandwidth. I run a Dash full node (2.5 minutes blocktime, 2 MB max block size) on a VPS that [pushes 100GB/month]( and [cost $5/mth]( Too expensive? And a poor rice farmer in Bangladesh who really lives hand to mouth doesn't belong to any of those groups to begin with and would never run ANY full node anyway.
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:18:54
Oh, the enthusiasm of March 2016! When we were still dreaming about creating a real closed loop Bitcoin economy, **paying** for things like taxi rides ...
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:25:09
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:24:13


What does that mean? "No" as a question? As in "yes or no?" But then why do you need to ask that? I'm lost...
@_date: 2013-12-07 18:30:01
The can in theory, but in reality it's unlikely in any meaningful scale.
With Bitpay-type payment processors banned, you're stuck with manual wallet-to-wallet transactions in BTC, which take a long time to confirm (compared to handing over cash) and are not automatically converted to cash. And companies have no accounting system in place to record barter transactions, calculate taxes from them etc. That means it's cumbersome and brings higher risk for the merchant, esp. when BTC is so volatile. So you may get a mom-and-pop shop to take your BTC to do you a favor, but not any large retailer in the foreseeable future.
@_date: 2017-06-21 15:31:52


Really? You don't know how to use Google, but want people to trust you with their money? Here, let me help you out:
@_date: 2013-12-13 21:07:52
There are plenty of translations of those rules, several were even posted here on this sub. Or feel free to use an online translator (Google, Bing, Babelfish). Point I was trying to make is that only the original Chinese version counts, not some Western guy's hair-splitting interpretation of what "支付機構" really means, esp. when he can't even read Chinese.
Or simply listen the the CEO of BTCChina.com:
Perhaps you can concede that he's in a better position than you to judge the situation in China.
@_date: 2013-12-07 19:02:25
The bottom graph is the order book, i.e. all trade requests entered by participants on that exchange. Bids are requests to buy and they are shown on the left side. Asks are requests to sell and they are shown on the right side.
The x axis (horizontal base) shows BTC price from low to high and the height of the graph (y axis) shows how many coins people want to buy/sell at a given price. More people want to buy cheaper and sell more expensive, so the curve goes up to either side from the middle. In the middle, where the two curves meet, buy/sell agreements are found and a trade gets executed.
Note that the order book only shows trade requests at prices that are too low or too high compared to current market price (limit orders), so they get recorded there in case the price moves later.
But since new Asks and Bids can be entered at any moment at any price, the shape of the two waves is not a good predictor for future moves beyond a few minutes. During the crash the Bid side (buys, left) was often towering, while the Ask side (sells, right) was almost flat. But more and more Asks kept being entered at lower and lower prices below the meeting point, so they immediately gobbled up existing Bids (execute immediately) and never even showed up on the order book chart. The only effect you saw is that the Bids side melted away like a snowman in the Sahara.
@_date: 2013-12-07 17:32:40
Noticed that too. I went "An HK bitcoin exchange basically shutdown and stole everyone's money. This is excellent news" ... Huh?!?  
OK, they got caught, fine, but calling the whole thing excellent news now makes me question the author's objectivity. Imagine how much better the news would be if people with honest intentions were running reliable exchanges instead of crooks, caught or not, scaring away mainstream Little Wang with such "excellent news."
@_date: 2013-12-07 21:44:32
I think you should move to China and start a "BTC processor" that helps merchants eliminate volatility risk and account for sales tax etc. If it works out - good for you and for everyone else. If not, and the government comes after you, feel free to explain to them that your interpretation of their rule  ...支付機構不得開展與比特幣相關的業務 is better than theirs.