@_author: svk31
@_date: 2014-11-26 08:49:07
such belief
much donations
Seriously though would very much like to know who that is, but whoever it is he believes!
@_date: 2014-09-19 07:57:29
I run a delegate and while I can't specifically answer your question, I can tell you what I think will happen in the case of a DDOS attack though. As you probably know, each of the 101 active delegates gets a random slot number in each round, and if you miss your slot the next delegate in line will try to produce that block 10 seconds later. 
On average you have a slot every ~17 minutes or so, and as most of us have setup email or even sms notifications if we miss blocks, we will be instantly aware of a DDOS attack. So say my delegate server gets DDOS'ed or crashes, I can easily spin up a backup server or even run the client from my personal computer and be ready in time for my next slot. If I'm slow I'll miss a few slots, 4 per hour on average, but hey that's not the end of the world. There's literally nothing to setup, it's enough to have the client synced and a backup of the delegate wallet ready. As a safety-measure you can also run the client in a mode that refuses incoming connections.
That's my understanding of it, I admit it might be naive but I'm no networking expert.. Would it be possible to reliably DDOS 101 delegates and any backups that they choose to bring online?
@_date: 2015-01-21 14:10:25
You're right Bitshares is not what you're looking for, however there is a Chinese group looking to use Bitshares and the User Issued Asset system in order to propose something like this. Apparently the Chinese government is looking for ways to encourage equity crowdfunding and this group (called DACx) wants to use Bitshares to address this issue. 
You can read more about their plans here: 
Bitshares also has a major advantage over Bitcoin in that you can use market pegged assets like bitUSD for the investments, meaning you aren't at risk of your funding losing half it's value between the time you receive it and the time you want to use it.
@_date: 2015-01-21 14:52:36
Cool stuff, but why are all project goals and funding listed in $?  Nice and round numbers as well.. I thought this was a Bitcoin project?