@_author: sw0o0sh
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:09:07
I'm thinking about it less from the miner standpoint and more from the user standpoint. I get that if I mine Bitcoin, I will always mine that block chain no matter who calls it something else.
What I'm more concerned with is the fact that people are taking about Bitcoin hitting xxx dollars or whatever or are just holding it but what about the fact that it seems like people don't really understand what is going to happen with these stupid forks.
I feel like there is a huge missing voice in all this fork mess....the pure owners. The actual majority in all this, the people who don't mine, aren't interested in doing that but have money in Bitcoin.
The fact that I could have $50G in "Bitcoin" and tomorrow I wake up and now I have nothing because overnight the couple of major players decided to switch to the one that had more profitability for them and now my 50g Bitcoin may or may not actually be called Bitcoin depending on the exchange and now I'm not sure if I can spend it anywhere.
It's almost like if I would put 50g in a bank. Come back the next day and the bank says, oh sorry, what you had before is no longer dollars, we changed dollars to be something else. You still have your 50g of original dollars but who knows where you can spend them or how you can exchange them.
The biggest hurdle with Bitcoin is the ease of use, that stops it from going mainstream and "to the moon". This does not make it easier in any way.
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:17:40
Ya, this is basically the point I'm getting at. Even without the usage part. So for example the person below who said, I don't use it I just hold. Well this shit applies to you to because it could affect the value and limits the potential.
Wouldn't you be a little pissed if suddenly tomorrow your "bitcoins" are now something different at the major exchanges and now if you want to sell it to someone else, you have to get them to open an account somewhere else or something. That would effectively kill bitcoin. 
Imagine if a bank one day said, oh hey, we changed what element gold is. What used to be silver is now what we call gold. This seems like a similar thing.
@_date: 2017-10-29 14:25:59
The point is one of the huge values of Bitcoin is the ability to actually use it and transfer money to someone else. Even if you are holding you are hoping that Bitcoin will get more mainstream use because then that will push the value even higher.
@_date: 2017-10-29 23:08:25
Okay, so in order someone to use Bitcoin and make safe use of it they have to run a full node? Even then  the miners that actually make the system run. If nobody is mining then what good does running a node do?
So when the hard fork happens, and lets say 2x is majority and is now considered Bitcoin. Are all the vendors that let you use Bitcoin going to switch to allow for Bitcoin original? Now what if I'm a new person and buy Bitcoin and don't realize it's the new bitcoin not the original.
I don't understand answers like yours. It's beneficial to everyone if the usability and safety of Bitcoin gets easier and more widespread. If people could easily buy and sell Bitcoin and use it, it would be awesome. Having it as it is where I have to keep up with all the technical details to make sure I don't get reemed is not really a great experience.