@_author: swaggarwal
@_date: 2014-03-16 19:26:56
That's the same way around.
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:57:55
You're exactly right. 
However, what happens in a 51% attack is that it makes it a statistical certainty that eventually, the attacker that controls 51% of the hashrate will eventually create the longest chain (even if starting from a few blocks behind), giving him the opportunity to overwrite even previously confirmed transactions.
@_date: 2017-05-10 18:54:18
Either the poster was being sarcastic or he has no idea how addresses actually work.
How do you login to your address? Do you use a password? Nope, the private key itself allows you to authorise outbound transactions from the public key (i.e. address). Private keys are mathematically linked to public keys in a unidirectional fashion - to reverse-engineer a private key from a given public key is so computationally intensive, it is said to be impossible.
When 'creating' addresses, you first generate the private key and then perform the unidirectional calculations to derive the associated public key. Anyone who starts from the same private key can generate the same public key. However, since there are so many possible combinations of private keys, it is statistically impossible (i.e. extremely unlikely) that someone will randomly generate the same private key as you. These underlying mathematical mechanisms are what provides security to Bitcoin wallets, not passwords.
You cannot sell someone exclusive access to an address, because anyone who generates the private keys will have access. If "all the address are used up" (i.e. all private key combinations are in use), you could still generate a private key and then derive the public address. If someone else was using this same private/public key combination, then you would have inadvertently gained access to their wallet.
@_date: 2013-11-19 18:24:19
I think you can share a link to the blockchain wallet page that shows the 'inflated' balance. This can con users into a fake sense of security since they are seeing an official webpage instead of an image, but they don't fully understand what they are seeing.
@_date: 2013-12-24 01:38:16
Why would they give the jury the private key? Do you think juries are ever given access to the bank accounts (account numbers with PINs, passwords, etc) of criminals on trial? 
The private key alone doesn't do anything for the case. They need to prove ownership of the private key in order to prove DPR controlled those funds, and that can be done without giving the private key to the jury.
@_date: 2013-08-22 00:43:05
I use this service any time I need a small amount (less than 0.5 BTC) of coins. Super fast, super easy, and uses Interac!
@_date: 2013-11-24 19:57:36
This is a great educational video! I think I will use it to teach my 4-year-old nephew basic addition and subtraction.
@_date: 2013-11-23 21:28:47
Change does not happen overnight. Bitcoin has clear advantages to fiat currency (and of course, it may have some disadvantages as well). You're argument is that you cannot see change today, and thus change is impossible. 
When people say 'paradigm shift', this is what they mean. It is not just some 'hocus pocus' word. Bitcoin has clear advantages to fiat currency, and so rationally as a society it would be beneficial to move to bitcoin as currency. This will not happen instantaneously, and if it does ever happen will be a slow process met with lots of resistance, but the driving force behind it will be that we will be better off once we have made the switch.
This is what the people who believe in bitcoin think. This is what the people who believed in the internet thought. This is how revolutionaries think.
@_date: 2013-11-19 17:00:22
There is about 12 million BTC in circulation right now. At a price of $700 each, that puts the market cap of BTC at $8.4 billion (USD). 
Can you imagine if there was only $8.4 billion USD in circulation. It would be virtually useless on a national scale, let alone a global scale. For one, nobody would be able to conduct a transaction valued at more than $8.4 billion through the BTC currency - there simply isn't enough BTC in circulation.
Now we know BTC will be capped at just under 21 million. Once we hit 21 million BTC in circulation, there will never be any more produced. This means that in order to increase the market cap for BTC, the price must increase. 
Why is it a good thing that the price of BTC gets higher? Because the market cap of BTC increases, allowing it to be used to fuel more and more transactions. This is why the price of BTC is so closely linked to its adoption by merchants as a form of payment.
@_date: 2013-08-13 20:39:27
Used your service earlier today. Had the slightest hiccup, but a quick phone call to you and that was quickly resolved, and you sent me a followup email with what had caused that problem and the steps you were taking to prevent it from happening again.
Amazing service! Seriously the fastest and easiest way I have ever used to load up BTC. I am looking forward to seeing how you guys expand in the future.