@_author: swagster777
@_date: 2018-01-08 05:51:02
He’s saying there’s a lot of Asian people here 
@_date: 2017-12-30 07:17:47
check out @_date: 2017-12-06 22:02:36
apparently this is the wallet of the hackers.
4736 bitcoins were stolen. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:55:10
copy-pasted incase it goes down: Investors need to distinguish Bitcoin and blockchain. Blockchain is a technology which, among many uses, allows for the implementation of a digital currency. Bitcoin is an anonymous, untraceable digital currency implementation of the blockchain technology. You can be a proponent of blockchain but a critic of Bitcoin. The most convincing bear thesis for Bitcoin is as follows:
Governments rely on the banking system to combat illegal activities including money laundering. The United States used to have physical currency in much larger denominations ($500, $1000 bills, etc.) These were discontinued decades ago to make moving large amounts of hard currency (which is in bearer form, i.e., not traceable) very difficult to do. For example, $1 million in $100 bills weights 22 pounds and takes up 18 cubic feet (a 2.6 foot cube). This makes is difficult to move large sums of money inconspicuously. Bitcoin and other anonymous digital currencies allows for inconspicuous movement of large amounts of money. When Ross Ulbricht, the creator of Silk Road, was arrested he had $50 million of Bitcoin (albeit at current prices) on him via his laptop. If he had had to maintain this currency in physical cash he would not be able to move it easily. And if he had placed it within the banking system it would be more easily tracked by governments.
Eventually, governments will realize they cannot tolerate anonymous digital currencies like Bitcoin. Imagine numerous citizens paying for goods and services with Bitcoin and no longer reporting this income to the tax authorities. In the past, governments could track a citizen's income by reviewing bank statements. But a citizen maintain wealth in Bitcoins cannot be traced so easily. Also, many illegal activities would be aided by using Bitcoin to move wealth around and transact with other criminals. Eventually, bearer form digital currencies will be declared illegal and their value will crash. Investing in Bitcoin is like picking up pennies in front of a steam roller.
@_date: 2017-10-31 04:45:07
copy pasted post incase it goes down:
Investors need to distinguish Bitcoin and blockchain. Blockchain is a technology which, among many uses, allows for the implementation of a digital currency. Bitcoin is an anonymous, untraceable digital currency implementation of the blockchain technology. You can be a proponent of blockchain but a critic of Bitcoin. The most convincing bear thesis for Bitcoin is as follows:
Governments rely on the banking system to combat illegal activities including money laundering. The United States used to have physical currency in much larger denominations ($500, $1000 bills, etc.) These were discontinued decades ago to make moving large amounts of hard currency (which is in bearer form, i.e., not traceable) very difficult to do. For example, $1 million in $100 bills weights 22 pounds and takes up 18 cubic feet (a 2.6 foot cube). This makes is difficult to move large sums of money inconspicuously. Bitcoin and other anonymous digital currencies allows for inconspicuous movement of large amounts of money. When Ross Ulbricht, the creator of Silk Road, was arrested he had $50 million of Bitcoin (albeit at current prices) on him via his laptop. If he had had to maintain this currency in physical cash he would not be able to move it easily. And if he had placed it within the banking system it would be more easily tracked by governments.
Eventually, governments will realize they cannot tolerate anonymous digital currencies like Bitcoin. Imagine numerous citizens paying for goods and services with Bitcoin and no longer reporting this income to the tax authorities. In the past, governments could track a citizen's income by reviewing bank statements. But a citizen maintain wealth in Bitcoins cannot be traced so easily. Also, many illegal activities would be aided by using Bitcoin to move wealth around and transact with other criminals. Eventually, bearer form digital currencies will be declared illegal and their value will crash. Investing in Bitcoin is like picking up pennies in front of a steam roller.