@_author: swagggggggggg
@_date: 2014-03-06 00:25:01
Economics are incredibly important. How rich your parents are has a huge influence on your life. But there are other factors too. Housing discrimination is a good example. In a lot of places, if you have families who are identical on paper but differ in race, the non-white family will tend to be passed over in favor of the white family. It's actually pretty pervasive. New York is one of the worst places when it comes to this. This has a big impact on your life too.
@_date: 2014-03-05 23:53:47
Sure, there are multiple levels of privilege and disadvantage. "Straight white man" being a near-necessary condition for success at the highest levels doesn't mean that all straight white men have amazing lives. But as a matter of objective fact, non-white people tend to face higher police scrutiny and are arrested much more frequently for crimes like drug possession despite no underlying difference in usage rate, etc. It's still a better hand to be born white than not, even if you happen to be in a bad situation. That's what privilege means. And there are many kinds of privilege and disadvantage with different amounts of influence over outcomes.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:50:14
You said it better than me. Nice job!
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:42:42
I know this will probably get downvoted like crazy, but I don't care.
Bitcoin is bigger than this community, but its success here *in this society* is predicated on **individuals** accepting it. You can't rely solely on economic incentive. For any social movement, it's important to build coalitions. Just as Bitcoin exists outside of this community, the concept of "privilege" is important and has a real basis in serious, important grievances held by non-white, non-male people. It's not part of some larger conspiracy to screw over Bitcoin. Listen to others, learn from others, and try to figure out how you can work towards mutually beneficial aims. A circle-the-wagons circlejerk "they don't understand us!" victim mentality is *not* going to help Bitcoin's prospects. It won't ruin them overall but it certainly won't help.
Privilege just means that something about who you are gives you more power in society. That's all it means, it doesn't mean you're a bad person. Privilege isn't singular either, you can occupy one or several levels of privilege. It shouldn't really be controversial that straight white guys have immense privilege, just look at the demographic makeup of the banksters this community loves to rail against. 
If you are in a position of privilege, you can ignore those who aren't and continue to contribute to a culture that marginalizes them. Or, alternatively, you can try to learn from them and try to use your privilege for good. Not everyone's out to get you. Once you reach a place of understanding, you can proceed to try to make it mutual. *Once you demonstrate your genuine understanding*, you can proceed to discussion about how Bitcoin can restore financial freedom to the unbanked, etc.
I'm just trying to restore a little sanity. In this world, a lot of us feel misunderstood and powerless. Divide-and-conquer is a great way for the 1% to capitalize on this. Don't make this easier for them. I encourage you to broaden your horizons and open your mind; read some feminist literature, read articles written by black journalists, etc. *This will be way better for Bitcoin* than remaining a closed off, "screw you if you don't wanna hop aboard the world-changing honey badger train that is Bitcoin" attitude I see here a lot.