@_author: swaptionality
@_date: 2015-12-06 23:33:00


Correct, you and Kaminska are in full agreement on this. This is the core premise of her article.


You do need to trust whoever is swapping that colored coin with you for the actual asset you're acquiring if that asset isn't the actual (colored) BTC itself. What's the value of a colored coin that can't actually be settled for the asset that it's supposed to represent? 
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:38:41
No I actually think they're in agreement on this, Derman clarifies that he's considering Bitcoin to be the product for which 


That is, the transactions denominated in block reward tokens "instantly" settle when a trade is confirmed. The issue that Kaminska's article covers is the reliance of the settlement parties on a trusted exchange mechanism between SETLcoin and the securities that actually matter. So I don't think the shoe analogy is a bad one -- if I don't care about receiving a (colored) BTC token but I do care about receiving the shoes that the token represents, then regardless of how many times the transaction has been confirmed by bitcoin miners, the shoe trade hasn't really settled until somebody hands me the shoes. So I think Derman is indirectly pointing out that the only thing that bitcoin miners are capable of "instantly" confirming (with the intended level of security, decentralization etc.) is a Bitcoin transaction itself; actually using that transaction to settle a trade in another asset requires another layer (Counterparty, sidechains, etc.) which carries additional risk.
@_date: 2015-12-07 01:36:36


This isn't a financial equivalence so you're double counting risk here -- you don't have to trust the swap counterparty in *either* case if you're willing to accept closing out with a digital good and not taking physical delivery/cash settlement. Bitcoin doesn't eliminate a level of trust there because in either case you still have to make another transaction between the digital good and the asset itself. However, Bitcoin does avoid the two-phase commit coordinator mechanism that Kaminska tears into.
Relating to her comments on that, I think the nature of the two-phase commit role is interesting in the context of the idea that the primary goal of this might not be to build a fancy settlement platform for stocks or whatever, but to find a way to self-manage clearing and settling in the bilateral OTC market without technically violating Dodd-Frank regulation. I think that's what Kaminska hints at with the "cartel mechanism" comment at the end.
@_date: 2014-12-15 16:38:19
lol don't quit your day job
@_date: 2014-10-26 15:47:33
why is that funny to you?
@_date: 2014-10-14 18:09:39
This has been a long a time coming, too -- Citi's post-2008 international consumer banking strategy (which they've been very public about) is to provide regional retail/private banking to affluent locals (to the point that having a Citibank/Citigold account is perceived to be a pretty neat status symbol in a lot of places). That's the only reason they have to compete with local alternatives that have much, much leaner operational costs just by merit of not being a large American bank operating in a foreign country. That doesn't work everywhere though; my guess is that the numbers show that the revenue they were attracting as a high-end provider wasn't enough to justify competing with local banks in these 10 countries (or it just wasn't enough to justify the risk of another Mexico-like debacle in one of these 10 places).
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:10:44
Yes I'm sure you've seen lots of idiots with elliot waves and fib lines but that's not what goes on on a sellside D1 desk
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:13:27
"tossing the dice" is a good thing if you have a positive expectancy model
@_date: 2014-10-26 15:59:43
[Educate yourself] (
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:22:48
that's what "positive expectancy model" refers to. "model" here is not a market model, it describes the distribution of your returns
@_date: 2016-01-10 00:55:26
This is largely nonsense dressed up to sound financially literate -- "binary option play with infinite theta" doesn't mean anything. There's a difference between the theta of a "binary" option, which pays out the vanilla delta at expiration, and the *convexity* of a vanilla option, which seems to be what you're actually referring to when you get into talking about tail events. A binary option specifically doesn't give the buyer convexity, which is why you're having to make up "infinite theta" to shoehorn such a convex instrument into that label.
@_date: 2016-06-29 22:07:50
Yeah redemption/creation is usually limited to broker-dealers making markets on both sides
@_date: 2015-07-22 02:47:52
Getco (KCG) and especially Citadel do a lot more than the kind of HFT you're referring to. Those guys specifically are experts in market microstructure, so it shouldn't be hard to figure out why they're interested in a startup that's developing new microstructure...
@_date: 2015-09-20 14:05:31
Currencies are defined as 'excluded commodities' under [7 U.S.C. § 1a(19)]( so CFTC is not "refusing to accept it as a currency." They regulate currency futures all the time. I don't know how or why you think the Fed fits into this decision.
@_date: 2015-09-30 16:13:06
Man if you're serious about this you don't do it via reddit. As other people have pointed out, the tried and true route is to go to an established HF and use their capital. If you can't convince a single fund manager to give you a shot, even for a free trial run, you're almost certainly wasting your time.
@_date: 2015-09-20 00:10:32
Yeah I mean keep in mind that pretty anything that isn't explicitly regulated as a security falls under the CFTC's jurisdiction when it comes to derivatives --  Matt Levine pointed out in one of his columns last week that even currency futures are theirs by statute because currencies are defined as "excluded commodities" in  7 U.S.C. § 1a(19).
@_date: 2015-11-13 16:27:18
Where would they keep the proceeds of the BTC sales?
@_date: 2015-11-13 22:50:23
"Best" case scenario when they can't use a payment processor would probably be buying a swing cliquet or something like that from a bank -- this assumes a bank's allowed to do it even when the processor can't, even though UIGEA applies to them equally so back to square one.
@_date: 2015-11-07 06:23:28


The highest bid is at 3 m฿ and the vast majority are at 1 m฿ or lower so I don't think you can really say they're "betting on seeing $600," they're just making a market in a binary option
@_date: 2015-11-06 22:48:19


Right because the IRC refers to non-USD currencies as "foreign currency", which the IRS doesn't think bitcoin qualifies as because it's not legal tender in any jurisdiction. I still don't see how this creates a "contradiction" with anything that FinCEN has put out.


This doesn't make much sense -- foreign currency gains are almost always taxed at ordinary income for business purposes/trading. For personal income, it's just CG above $200. So bitcoin traders are actually taxed less than spot FX traders -- the only extra tax that applies to virtual currency income is CG on gains under $200. So unless the IRS thinks that the sum of CG tax revenue on gains under $200 is going to outweigh the sum of tax revenue collected (at a higher ordinary income rate) on all the potential section 988 transactions that they're exempting, they're actually setting out to collect less than they would if they taxed it like a foreign currency.
@_date: 2015-11-01 22:45:16
How is it any different from displaying credentials to a PayPal account?
The point is that sharing private keys is not even how bitcoin transactions are supposed to happen -- ending up with a copy of a private key is not necessarily the same thing as ending up with money
@_date: 2015-11-05 18:36:34
This has nothing to do with being "strong" though, you buy because you think the price is lower than it will be in the future. The other side of your trade is selling to you because they think the price you're paying is higher than it needs to be. You can tell yourself that it's because you're strong and they're weak, but all you're doing is expressing different views on the price under the constraint of your risk profiles.


And if you do think the price is going up, you're losing money when you don't buy dips, regardless of how stressful it may be for you. Of course this doesn't mean you should be buying every dip, it means that characterizing yourself as a "strong hand" while complaining that making what you believe to be a long-term-profitable trade would be "stressful" doesn't yield a very useful definition of strength in terms of your risk profile, which is what you should actually be talking about.
@_date: 2015-11-08 04:31:44


But it's a preference about a choice so I think it's fair to expect it to be weighed against what it logically entails. Of the two scenarios, you can only choose one and it has to apply to everybody. If you say you prefer one of two choices I think it's fair to infer that you're accepting the consequence of that choice over that of the alternative.
It sounds like you've already made up your mind, but I think you're falling victim to confirmation bias or wishful thinking if that's really the line of thought you're using to arrive at "no contest." If you're legitimately interested in learning more about this, you can look at Dan Wallach's stuff on voting security.
@_date: 2015-11-05 20:12:57










OK I'm sorry if I offended you but that's no excuse to write like this. I don't know who told you that text doesn't have a tone but they set you up for a lifetime of miscommunication.  I'm not questioning your character or anything, I'm explaining to you *why* framing this as an ideological issue doesn't lend itself to the sort of analysis the OP is describing. You should take this as an opportunity to learn from somebody else who believe it or not, may have something of value to teach you. If you'd like to have a discussion, respond to my points instead of doubling down on your mistakes. 
For clarity,


and 


are what you're not replying to. I'll even lead you to water:
Why are you too "weak" to buy dips?  How much "stronger" would you need to be to get past the stress of buying dips? Would it take less "strength" to do so if you thought there was a better chance of getting a return on "personal wealth at risk for these values"? How much less?
If you can figure out the answer to these questions, you can figure out how you're actually parameterizing your risk profile when you talk about protecting purchasing power etc. and more importantly, how your risk profile relates to those of other market participants. 
@_date: 2015-11-09 23:13:55
DRW does HFT but they've got a solid all-around reputation as a prop firm. There's nothing very secretive about them -- considering they're a prop firm, they're surprisingly public about their stuff. 
@_date: 2015-11-16 00:33:19
No I'm not doing your research for you, you can go to twoplustwo or something for that. It's your obligation to be informed when you come to the discussion because nobody is obligated to take you seriously if you don't; that goes doubly if you're going to be confrontational about it. 
You've responded again with a comment mostly full of attempts to explain away my points by framing your lack of readiness for the discussion as a matter of opinion or semantics. The only content is your argument for a smoother transaction. The logical hole (and one that I've encountered on this subreddit before) is that it assumes that the withdrawal bottleneck is something a poker site wants to solve; in reality, this is almost always a function of the poker site itself making it hard to do because they want players to pay more rake, not withdraw. I could be wrong about that; I don't know. But again, I'm confused because this isn't what my comment was even about -- you seem to think that I disagree with you about BTC adoption by poker sites. Why? That's not what *any* of my posts in this thread have been about. The conclusion isn't the problem; the lack of substance in the arguments you made is, along with the fact that you were a dick to this guy for no reason. I am bemused but unsurprised to hear you say that you have not really learned much from this. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 16:56:42
lol no, that's the market maker's indicative bid against a completely dark book...
@_date: 2015-11-05 19:01:10
I'm sorry you think I missed the point, but you do seem to have misread what I wrote:


Yes. This is how a long position works. If you think the price is going up, the dips should represent a buying opportunity for you, not a selling opportunity. This is what I described in my post, so I'm confused as to why you would even mention selling.  


You can congratulate yourself over feeling strong as much as you want, but your emotional reaction to your own decisions shouldn't be the basis you judge your decisions on -- that's the point that OP was getting at.


I don't know why you would take this tone with me, but it's petty and unbecoming. Considering that you yourself misread my post, it may be worth saving the barbs about "comprehension."
@_date: 2015-10-12 06:40:02
You know what I wrote up a long post. But overall the whole thing also felt kind of mean and unproductive. So I'm deleting it. I do think you have a lot to learn about a lot of things and you haven't done a good job of expressing yourself coherently on this. Prioritize execution as much as ideas
@_date: 2015-11-13 23:44:04
Yeah I agree it's not plausible for a number of reasons, I just thought the absurdity of the hypothetical made it interesting.  In that spirit, in terms of transaction costs the hypothetical desk might be willing to carry the exposure long enough to unload at a better price in a way that the buyer isn't. As for pricing the parameters, it's the sellside, they can just guess.
@_date: 2015-11-15 16:44:47


Look this isn't a productive way to think about risk -- remember, you want to try to *minimize* the amount of risk you incur while *maximizing* your return. Unless you taking BTC exchange risk is going to *lower* the cost basis of your risk profile, doing so makes you a degenerate gambler, regardless of where you started. This isn't a question of agreement or disagreement, it's a statistical one . Professional poker players -- the only ones who matter in these discussions because they're the ones determining the revenue stream for the site -- do not want to introduce more mistakes to their game. And so the broader point is that what to you may seem like an indeterminate question about "knowing the future" is a relatively tractable risk management question once you dig into the rake economics of what makes a poker site run. So when you say things like


I think it sums up the general issue with your comments and why I think they detract from the discussion. They don't contribute to the discussion because you're just coming up with vague guesses that you can't back up with numbers. Who cares if you think "it may be worth a try" if you're not even going to describe what "a smoother method of transacting" is? Smoother than what? How much is that worth? To whom? Do you see what I'm getting at here? If you're arguing for an alternative hypothesis, you need to specifically explain why it makes more sense than the one you're responding to, not just that it's *not* impossible in some unknowable, immeasurable way. Come up with some probabilities and we can figure out what parameters make the economics work out in favor of your theory; otherwise, the people with skin in the game/good risk managers are just going to brush you off as a troll.


I don't know why you're quoting me in all caps because I don't type like that -- did you confuse me for somebody else again?
edit: Since you're editing as you go (you should mark your posts when you add substantial text in an edit)


They *do* represent the whole market if they're determining the revenue stream. Despite Amaya being determined to fuck up a good thing, professional players are still the customers; casual players ("fish") are *the product*. So once you realize that and figure out the player pool proportions as rake income, it's actually not that hard to do this math and figure out how many new players you would need to attract with your BTC site for this to be worth it to the pros. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:02:29
lol, it's Citadel's retail flow
@_date: 2015-11-13 17:18:50
Yes, I understand those firms' business models. But that would put Bitpay and Coinbase in violation of UIGEA, so it doesn't actually solve the problem any better than a bank transfer.
@_date: 2015-11-25 23:44:53
You should aim to use more appropriate terminology if you don't want to be "corrected." In this case, it's because "front running" is a specific crime when broker-dealers/fiduciaries do it so applying the same term to other behavior (as so often happens in discussions surrounding HFT) is ambiguous and potentially misleading. 
@_date: 2015-10-25 23:32:46


I think this is actually the point that the parent comment was making. The idea is that you don't need "a huge bankroll" to keep your mined coins, you just need access to financing that pays your operational expenses. And so a miner that really, really wants to keep his/her coins should be able to find ways to prevent having to sell today through a secured loan or forward swap or something. And so the question isn't one of whether or not that demand exists, it's whether or not the quantity of coins supplied at the current spot price will be substantially lower after the reward changes.
@_date: 2015-11-13 20:14:59


Yes, they aim to minimize their risk for a given return. More risk is bad because it means swings in your paycheck. You're replying to somebody who identifies themselves a (former) professional poker player so I don't know why you would try to explain their (former) job to them.


The comment you're replying to did not "imply" that. It did imply that making the same bets in dollars on the sites listed would be *less* risky than using an arbitrary BTC denominated site so you two seem to me on the same page when you say 


But when you say


what other risks would a BTC denominated site mitigate that would not only make up for the extravagant exchange risk, but give a professional a better risk adjusted return than PS or even Bovada? It's lazy to just say that there are other risks that could make it worth it and then not actually explain how they relate to the comment you're responding to.


I think this line indicates a fundamental misunderstanding of how being a poker pro works -- you don't have "daily winnings" like you're playing a scratch off or something, you have a bankroll that you want to invest as continuously as possible when your EV is positive. Depending on your personal risk profile you make withdrawals at regularly scheduled intervals, but it's almost certainly not every day. So maybe you're suggesting that the player should keep their entire BR in USD in a bank/exchange account somewhere, convert it into BTC, transmit it to the poker site, play, transmit the BTC in the poker account back to the exchange, and convert it back for the duration of their play. Considering you're going to be dealing with a substantially smaller player pool (going off of the empirical evidence provided by SwC at least), this just doesn't seem viable for somebody trying to grow their BR. Not to mention that it makes the exchange/bank liable under UIGEA, so we're back where we started. Not to mention the risk doesn't have to be "so crazy" for it to not be worth it compared to other alternatives -- it just has to be enough variance to make a few aspects of your play unprofitable over a large number of hands. 
@_date: 2015-11-01 22:40:05
How is that any different from needing a bitcoin wallet/nodes to relay a transaction to the address displayed onscreen?
@_date: 2015-10-05 18:31:17
How could this be considered money laundering? Who is conducting a transaction to promote or conceal the nature of unlawful activity or to avoid a transaction reporting requirement?
@_date: 2015-11-13 22:30:53
This isn't a good explanation; you mention buying options but then say


The downside is that should bitcoin go up, you miss out on those gains.
which is ambiguous/more accurately describes the payoffs of a forward. A (vanilla) option doesn't "make up the loss" for you as the buyer, it gives you the right to make an offsetting transaction at a better price. The downside isn't "you miss out on those gains", it's that you paid the premium regardless of whether the price goes up or down/whether you exercise.
@_date: 2015-10-12 04:05:52
What would you even give Gemini as an example of here though? Something that's going to undergo the phenomenon that some hypothetical DFS site would too?  You say yourself bootstrapping is an issue -- how does any of what else you typed come close to addressing that? 
In your hypothetical world where DK/DF aren't rolling out international sports (they are) and can't add them more easily than anyone else (they can) you've still ignored everything about the player pools involved. Like I said, introducing smart contracts on the backend doesn't solve the issue here because fish play for the experience, not for "reusable unbreakable contracts." There has to be that layer that markets to player base, and that layer will always be laid out in comparison next to DK/FD/whoever in terms of usability, experience etc. Whether that's a category error on the part of the consumer or not, I don't know but it's what'll happen and that layer assumes the profit motive, I'd imagine. I don't think this is necessarily as big of a deal in other decentralized apps, but for gambling use cases I think it's all too easy to overvalue the math/contract theory and undervalue how much the user experience matters. I think Diaspora went through something similar but then again I never used Diaspora.


Yes, because they're US companies operating legally under US law. They are not the only legal DFS sites. Other DFS sits that operate legally under US law also have the blessing of US regulators. If you'd even read the rest of the thread, though, you know that their *have* been questions about insider trading between those two firms, leading to a greater awareness that because DFS doesn't count as gambling, it's not regulated as such by a gaming commission in most places. 
I legitimately think you're a (good) troll, but in the event that you're not, you sound like a good troll. I only respond because 


is the sort of mentality that I've seen so many people firmly convinced of when they have a "great idea" for a startup and I feel bad letting it go without saying that your model is only as good as your assumptions, so be honest about your assumptions.
e: Honestly if you aren't a troll I apologize for the tone of the post
@_date: 2015-11-08 03:53:03


I don't think that's an appropriate analogy because this decision can't apply at the individual level, otherwise you lose deniability. It doesn't make sense to have a personal preference for yourself because you can only choose for everybody at once. As to why things developed the way things are right now, I'm sure there's a lot written on the historical development of election procedures; you do hear stories about how stuff like chain voting used to happen but it may just be apocrypha.
@_date: 2015-03-01 17:45:11
The problem with illiquid vanilla deals like this is that the vol spread is going to be huge. You end up getting adversely selected because anybody willing to write this is going to quote a huge vol and if you're "making a market" by posting on reddit you're probably not going to have much of a price discovery process. Your best bet is working out an exotic that has enough free parameters that can be disagreed upon so that everybody has a reason to think they're coming out ahead.
@_date: 2015-10-06 23:37:42


These disclaimers can be (and in my experience usually are) phrased better as "past performance is not a guarantee of future performance" or "past performance is not necessarily an indicator of future performance" but maybe that's what you meant by "etc." Because otherwise it doesn't really make sense to definitively say it your way and then immediately say that you would judge an adviser based on the indicator of the last two years of the pitched asset's performance. Like if the pitch comes with some good (to you) economic rationale for investment, are you really mentally penalizing the adviser for the asset's historical performance? It seems to me that if you're so committed to the idea that asset returns don't have that serial dependence then you shouldn't allow it to affect you either way. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 22:15:25
has anyone been added as an AP since the September 2014 disclosure which said that SecondMarket was the only one? 
@_date: 2015-10-25 22:30:46


But I don't know if this offers enough explanatory power against the competing model that the current market rate represents the equilibrium price with a supply of 21 million. I guess it comes down to the questions of the strength of market efficiency and why somebody would presently sell coins for any price less than the equilibrium at that supply unless a. they don't know that the BTC reward schedule is more or less deterministic (which seems unlikely for anybody doing this in volume) or b. their business is operating at the margins and they can't finance it at a lower rate than whatever that shortfall represents to them. So for example if you have a mining farm and you think that the price will be higher after the reward changes, you should keep the coins you mine between now and then and borrow cash to finance operational expenses. But that affects the quantity supplied to your current buyers and should be reflected in a higher spot price today, which makes this marginally less profitable for others. And so all things being equal the only reason a well-informed rational miner *shouldn't* do this is if they can't finance operations cheaper than what it costs them to sell BTC today vs. post reward shift. If that credit market is efficient (which I sincerely doubt it is), it should put a strong bound on the magnitude of the price shift. As we weaken that efficiency assumption, we weaken that bound. But the point stands that if you're a miner (or anyone who needs to sell coins between now and the reward change) and you believe that the price will be significantly higher some time in the immediate future, you should be exhausting every financing route that's cheaper than the loss you sustain by selling your mined coins today.
e: The corresponding (but simpler?) question for a well-informed rational buyer is: what's the highest interest rate at which you would borrow dollars today to buy 1 BTC at $290 if you have to sell it and pay back the loan on or immediately after the day that the reward changes?
@_date: 2015-11-05 17:55:55
I think you misread the post you're replying to. Regardless, if you're buying because you think the price is going down, I don't think you need to worry about anybody calling you "smart money."


I don't know where you've gotten this "smart money"/"dumb money" dichotomy but what you're really trying to describe is mean reversion vs. trend following. But your post very succinctly demonstrates the point that the OP is making; making up cargo cult market theories to rationalize your own decisions isn't going to make you a better speculator.
@_date: 2015-10-12 08:02:45
I'm sorry you're short on time but look you don't have to write it all at once. If you legitimately think I'm wrong about something, take as much time as you want or need and let me know so that I can understand why. It might even be good for you. I don't think that's too much to ask considering the scale of what we're discussing or the nature of the medium; I am after all here to get smarter
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:48:58
Why do you think that they seem like ideal candidates? What sets apart their use case?
@_date: 2015-03-26 17:03:45
Assuming you're not trolling, I mean, obviously you can see the depth once it actually starts trading, this is just the bid put up by some pink sheet market maker before they start trading. You can even see the depth on this bid, you just can't execute against it
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:05:36
except for Merriman, those are just ECN bids
@_date: 2015-10-29 21:56:40
@_date: 2015-10-12 01:50:42


US AML laws don't just go away because you left the US. If part of your business plan is "don't get caught by our customers' government" then you're going to run into problems sooner or later. 


See the thing is I don't know what evidence you have that warrants continuing on to make a claim like this. Why will this hypothetical anonymous daily fantasy provider "eat" FD/DK? What is the market dynamic that incentivizes an American (shark or fish) to pull their USD from FD/DK and send BTC to this other firm? It can't just be cheaper rake or (a.) it'll work at first and you'll get starved out by a bigger firm in a price war or (b.) the site is sketchy enough that it's hard for people to take seriously even with cheap rake (SwC). Under (a.) even if using BTC means profitably undercutting them, at some point they start subsidizing with their balance sheet and either you raise capital to do the same or it doesn't matter whether your costs may or may not be naturally lower. Or are you saying that the untapped US DFS market whenever this happens will be enough that this mystery BTC site can acquire an untouched player pool that makes it competitive with DK/FD/etc.? But at that rate when does DOJ get involved? 
And I know you didn't mention smart contracts, but I think they're worth noting here because even if you use them anonymously you still run into the situation where you need a *lot* of fish to attract sharks for the rake economics to scale. Because as much as the smart contract casino might save by using smart contracts, if they're not creating a fun, secure, easy to use environment layer for fish (and developing and maintaining this does cost money at scale, extrinsic to your actual smart contract setup), then the fish won't come. And so while the sharks might be impressed by the low rake, they won't come if there's no player pool for them. It's the same reason that I know many US citizens who play/have played consistently on Bovada, but few if any that can say the same about SealsWithClubs (which has had impressively really cheap rake). Which isn't to say SwC doesn't have a soft field, but it's just not a liquid solution for somebody hoping to consistently make money. Of course SwC isn't a decentralized smart contract solution, but that doesn't seem relevant to the comparison unless the counterclaim is that a large reason SwC didn't become more popular was because it was centralized.
@_date: 2015-10-11 23:48:22
Your contention is that DK/FD is going to give up the years of work and hundreds of millions of dollars they've spent legitimately building $1B+ US playerbase UIGEA carve-out companies, behemoths that most of the poker sites that got raided on Black Friday could never have come close to touching in terms of ease of acquisition, by flagrantly breaking federal law?  In what world does that make sense as a business decision? Not to mention that they're already under scrutiny for other compliance stuff that probably isn't even illegal, much less on the scale of what you're describing would be.
@_date: 2015-11-25 22:23:38
It's not really front running if you're not a broker/agency trader though
@_date: 2015-11-07 05:27:01
If you mine 25 BTC today and would prefer to sell them in August because you have an informational edge that the price will double between today and then, how much operational cash do you need between today and then? What's the highest interest rate you should be willing to pay for a loan that comes due the day the block reward halves? If you do take the loan and all expenses are paid until August, what impact will taking your coins off the market until then have on today's August BTC futures price?
Or, if you're the lender, how much do you charge a miner who comes to you with this? If you hedge your exposure by selling August BTC futures today, what's the price effect of this netted against the miner's?
@_date: 2015-10-05 19:44:06
No, none of that is germane to actual federal law, except for the part where you said that it "may not be textbook money laundering," because it's not.
I don't know why you think USMS is "disguising" anything, they literally sent out a press release describing the source of the funds. "Profiting from criminal activity" is not enough to qualify a transaction as money laundering under the federal definition, or  for that matter any state definition that I've come across. Maybe somebody can correct me on that though.
edit: So yes, you could "consider" it to be money laundering but that doesn't really mean anything.
@_date: 2015-11-26 01:50:05
Think as you will, but you misused a specific legal term while clarifying your misuse of another specific legal term. The details of these things are relevant to people's lives and letting definitions of crimes erode creates problems for them and others.
@_date: 2015-02-12 15:17:09
Yes. That's why no American companies sell equity.
@_date: 2015-11-05 20:26:16


This is a property of any real market, though. You're literally describing the forces of supply and demand. It doesn't matter if that demand is ideologically driven or not, if the market bids the price up, the price will go up. The fact that you believe (IMO rightfully) that your payoff distribution is particularly polarized compares to "most" others shouldn't make a fundamental difference, even it affects the variance/kurtosis etc. of your portfolio differently than any your other assets. And so while you're investing "in the system", that doesn't preclude you from investing in a position or discussing that position in terms of risk and reward, which is what I think the OP was getting at.
@_date: 2015-11-13 22:05:14
OK you started the comment which I replied to with 


so if you feel condescended to, good -- you *did* need that experience.


What did I say that would lead you to say this about me? I didn't make any predictions about any future in my comment; you may have me confused with the poster you originally replied to.


Sorry no, this is a complete cop-out if you can't even bring yourself to articulate what you even disagree with me about. You asked a bunch of lazy questions that you yourself could have answered by doing your own research, but you chose to be pedantic and argumentative about something that you don't understand. Getting called out on that isn't "disagreement," it's keeping the discussion intellectually honest.
@_date: 2015-10-11 23:19:49
No shit, you just described the concept of a consumer market. The point is that it seems to these companies (and to me) that the demand for instant BTC withdrawals doesn't exist enough to justify that route.
Here's why: the players who do care about getting their winnings quickly (BTC or not) are gamblers who don't want to take another spin, which is bad not just directly for the site in terms of lost rake but also for the sharks who themselves pay a massively disproportionate amount of fees in return for access to the fish in the pool. Sharks also tend to play more professionally/predictably so there's no particular rush for them to get paid instantly; not to mention that most if not all sharks keep bankrolls with the site anyway (DFS is UIGEA legal so it's not like they have to worry about the custodial risk of a Black Friday raid; this is a reason that online poker is a much better example of a BTC use case than DFS is). Now maybe enough of them will be convinced that being able to cash out with BTC would be worth the potential damage to the player pool; maybe you can convince them and then they can tell DK/FD that it needs to happen. But all things being equal, keeping a shark happy is much, much, much more important than keeping a fish happy. And keeping a fish playing is much more important than keeping a fish happy. Now of course there's the case where enough DFS fish demand quick BTC withdrawals and threaten to leave that it threatens the sharks' ROI, but it would take a huge critical mass of demand that just doesn't seem to be there. Winning gamblers tend to keep playing.
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:59:13
They don't want more people withdrawing, they want more people to bet their winnings. Your question is like a less extreme case of asking why Merge/Carbon doesn't solve their withdrawal delay problem by using BTC instead of checks.
@_date: 2015-11-08 01:43:29


But the deniability only works if everybody's unable to opt in to sharing their ballot -- what you're saying here is equivalent to saying that your preference to share your vote outweighs the cost borne by everybody who doesn't want to share theirs. 
@_date: 2015-03-26 21:08:23
you can tell yourself that if you want to
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:42:13


[The IRS' virtual currency guidance does not contain the word "commodity".]( . It even specifically refers to Bitcoin as a convertible virtual currency.
@_date: 2015-11-01 17:35:38


Where do you get either of these numbers from?