@_author: swaskowi
@_date: 2012-09-14 19:38:15
I think freetoevolve is slightly more heterodox then me so he might disagree but here's my take. 
1) Yes. "savings" is the transmission of value across time. The "value" of your money is created when you do whatever creative act you do. In fiat currency that value is continually siphoned away by the issuing bank to encourage you do more work/invest in things/steal "value" for the bank. Using that definition there's no fundamental difference between a fiat inflationary system and a flat deflationary system. In an inflationary system some kind of investment is required to obtain the same value for money as was garnered at the time of creation whereas in a flat system the lack investment reduces the rate of deflation and thus the acrument of value within the currency. See below
2) If the economy is growing at are real rate of 5% annually then there's no reason to invest in a company that's only making a 3% roi,  regardless of whether you're in a inflationary or deflationary economy. If you want to invest in a fund that's making effectively negative returns because of perceived safety then you can still do that- businesses do that now all the time w/ government bonds. Reasonably you wouldn't want to do that and if you couldn't find an investment opportunity that match/exceed the rate of deflation (at your given tradeoff between expected value and perceived risk) you would opt to sit on your money. This would cause a slowdown in deflation to match the real rate of growth the economy because deflation is measuring the increased buying power per unit of money and if you can't find opportunities to invest at the level of security and return you want then you won't invest.  In a deflationary scenario the loan is not given because the market participants have determined that the loan is not worth giving. Deflation has your decision not to invest be a passive break on the economy. 
In an inflationary economy the loss of value associated year after year forces some kind of investment. At any given moment this is "good" for the economy because it increases churn within the economy causing people to be willing to take on more debt, making existing debt less burdensome, letting people be more creative and risky with their endeavors.  Some/most economist believe this has an beneficial effect on the overall macroeconomic growth picture despite increasing volatility somewhat. That's why you see most developed economies with monetary policy aiming for an inflation target of 2-4%, its supposed to be real growth positive. An inflationary economy is constantly stepping on the gas, the decision to invest being mandatory to avoid real loss of wealth. If you take this too far inflationary expectations set in, and people overtime lose faith in the currency (drastic oversimplification).
TLDR- savings are savings, inflation forces investment which can be good but the underlying economic essentials discourage it. Ie the tendancy to lend in a lot of modern situations is artificially generated. 
I hope this was at least moderately comprehensible.
@_date: 2012-09-15 23:29:04
I'm not sure why you think companies not buying stuff makes things cheaper. Money stores value. Companies create something that is perceived to be more valuable then the inputs. So if I can take 100 widgets and turn them into 101 widgets over the course of a day, regardless of anything else, the value in the economy has gone up. In a deflationary system with only 100 units of currency, this will mean that where before I had to spend 1 unit of currency to buy a widget the value of a widget would now be only .99.  In an inflationary economy the currency maker prints another 1 or 2 units of currency to keep widget/currency ratio going in the other direction. 
The above is what drives deflation in a fixed currency market, innovation or progress. Money will always flow towards the "best" investment (w/ a caveat for risk). So if someone else can turn 100 widgets into 105 widgets, at a given risk level, and there's not gobs of free capitol to invest , my 100-101 program won't get investors and the 100-105 program will. This causes a rise in the deflation rate, causing an annual deflation of around 5% rather then 1 percent. say there's enough investment capital to fund both widget makers.  200 widgets in -&gt; 206 widgets out for a 3% deflator. If the second widget maker doesn't get funded you have 200-&gt;205 for a ~2.5% deflator. Hence deflation goes down when companies don't get funding. 