@_author: sweetsmellingrosie
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:56:19
That's being smart. You are not as foolish as the hold until proven wrong crowd who are being led by hucksters just waiting for a ripe time to exit.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:48:28
When everyone has freedom to speak what do you expect. There never was a huckster who didn't say stuff like this. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:00:41
I already have. it doesn't take long to see what this is. It tries to hide behind a complexity that isn't even there. I advise you to look into the anthropological and archaeological origins of money in civilization. Money necessitates a contract. All the bells and whistles around this electronic commodity mean nothing without a source of    central power and a contract that it will ensure. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:53:44
No, you've been reached by dishonest people carrying a purposely flawed message. What gives value to money is ultimately obligations. We need to meet our government obligations as citizens. The only thing that serves for this is legal tender which carries the guarantee that it will meet government obligations. We all need money. That gives it it's value. It's not faith based, it's a very real need. If you don't meet your obligations you will have your home taken from you and many other things, perhaps even your freedom and citizenship.
It is why I continue to tell people that commodity money is just a dream where some libertarian type thinks he can stay a citizen and be free of his obligations. The contract between you, as a citizen, and your country is what gives strength to your country, Why would you want to undermine that? The youthful crowd that understands practically nothing about the world sees things as they are not.
Some of the properties of money that you bemoan are the result of having inequality in terms of being free of having obligations. It is because some pay no taxes and work feverishly to hoard what citizens need to meet theirs that we have real difficulties. Those are really just the end result of hierarchy and inequality that capitalism delivers as a side effect to allowing increased opportunity.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:20:12
Of course there's a huge potential for manipulation. That's always been understood. That's how you get to a mania phase. You have huge owners that are huge miners that are  processors and none of it is declared to any regulator. What else do you expect. The reality is that some people's transactions go forward way ahead of others. That should work well when the thing goes South.
@_date: 2018-01-02 19:29:19
Bitcoin has a fundamental liability because of what is needed for it to exist. A similar condition would exist if I was selling a house on land I did not own. Unless you know the land is going to stay available, the value of the house on it is not fundamentally ensured because it requires land under it. Bitcoin needs adherents and an infrastructure that actually costs.
It's the exact same things with all markets valued in market cap, with a great big caveat--the stock market tends to be backed by government intervention in the economy, as we saw in 2008. No such intervention would be forthcoming with Bitcoin. 
Markets for silver recently described well how something like speculative value can bring things away from nuts and bolts values. At one time you could speculate on a $50/ounce value of silver when physical minors of it would have sold you futures contracts on  the real commodity for something much closer to the cost of extraction. That condition did not last. Price discovery ensued and the commodity crashed to levels just above the nuts and bolt value of production where profit still exists.
We are, with Bitcoin, still in a phase where valuation is speculative. Price discovery will come later. Who knows what people will give to a commodity that carries liability. If someone doesn't carry and process your bitcoin you are on your own for doing that.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:45:24
This is when it's easy to start piling up losses. What actually happens in this type of capitulation is that you resign yourself to not no longer care about the gains you've made and watch them go out the window as if it was not ever the goal to have made a profit. 
One by one countries are going to be parading in blocking the crypto advance. The EU is just around the corner. Now's not the time to tune out on every lower high that more people are exiting on. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:50:55
You can never completely delay price discovery. Sooner or later events come to test the belief in existing prices because the last price traded can never reflect the value of every single bitcoin out there. There may be a billion dollars in something that had a market cap value of 400 billion. The only real robust test of value is if the billion dollars in a commodity gets supported by new money when people try and cash in based on market cap valuations. I keep asking the same question over and over here, what's the amount of money that has bought into this since day one? How much is leaving? What are rest doing n terms of on balance volume? Price discovery will come at some point. It always does. Nothing trades hugely inflated forever.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:52:58
Everyone's in it for profit only. Why do you think they are screaming hold? If they just wanted to own bitcoin they'd cheer wildly every time it dropped. These hucksters aren't buying more and the trading shows it.
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:20:26
Shouldn't the relevant question be what's the size of your bet? It's on balance volume that will ultimately give you floors. Most bitcoins were purchased for next to nothing. Anyone know the amount of dollars in bitcoin? It's hugely relevant because the exiting money  needs to be supported with new money. It would highlight just how many small lots would need to be sold to price support the exiters carrying with them the dollars everyone put in to this. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:23:32
Make an effort to educate yourself about the origins of money and its relation to civlization. Money is the beginning of it all. It was the first contract, the first writing and the first social order. Before that you had nomads who are not unlike libertarians. 
You pay taxes because you have to. You also have to pay them in legal tender. What you would wish would free you from obligation to some degree. The worldis full of such people who would want their food and security to come to them from pressure put on someone else but themselves. I don't sympathize with the smart asses that are in it for their individual interests. They are free to screw around trying to con their fellow men in exchanges but they will not get the support of of our social apparatus. Obigation to government is necessary in order to have stability. Complexity and higher order comes with a cost, but it easily better than having to live as individuals with no social order. Stability in money is not a joke.
@_date: 2018-01-17 07:27:34
The whole proposition is a waste of resources, like a beautiful Rube Goldberg machine is, so securing that makes it doubly wasteful and incredibly impractical. 
Bitcoin is a commodity that stores nothing contractually. It just trades as a speculative offering. That makes it completely different than legal tender that stores a contractual promise that it will meet government obligations to a set degree. 
How is bitcoin itself securing the energy grid, and how does it provide you with anything if a third party isn't interested in processing a transaction for you? You' re increasing your exposure to catastrophic third party damages with crypto currency. None of it is guaranteed by governments. If you think it is bad to be dependent of governments wait until you are dependent on people you can't trace for your financial security. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:13:54
Your starting to realize the great advantages that come from having banks dealing in the centralized money you want.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:31:09
It hasn't crashed yet. If you think this orderly move downward has been a crash you are mistaken.
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:26:06
The futures markets have bombed. They are so lightly traded that it's been a huge disappointment to those who thought they could ride the coat tails of this to trading fee nirvannah. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:16:18
Do tell me what value that is then? It's a grossly unreliable and hyped up attempt at selling people 20 dollar bills for a 100 bucks. I am eternally grateful to my government for putting in place a note with a face value that it guarrantees. It means I can't flip it for more than face value, but that is fine because it stores value very well. Bitcoin is a package of risk wrapped into additional fees that really only offers me an opportunity to deal with third parties that are not regulated and that I could never track down if push came to shove. 
Radios have also been used as speculative commodities in the hayday of eBay.That floundered too for the same lack of guarantee that speculative trading currencies like gold and silver display. Nothing beats government contract as a store of value.
@_date: 2018-01-02 15:21:41
Not with the benefit of having his financial transactions hidden by the nature of the bookkeeping. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:05:28
It only ever failed because people stopped believing it them. The hold was weak.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:35:11
That is the value of the liquidation of assets upon bankruptcy after preferential creditors have been paid off. In the case of bitcoin that is zero. It has no intrinsic value. The only money/currency that I know of that does is the one that has a government backed guarantee to pay your government obligations. When a government produces its tax code you can calculate the exact value of a dollar at that time, and at least a year ahead of time.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:47:10
I understand very well what value is as it was described by Marx. It is you who probably doesn't have a clue because it is not what most people assume. Value is something that is related to labor and society. The value you conceive of is something that is just an alienated subset of value, and that is what's a commodity value of it.
It's not your fault. Economists have been busy alienating us from the many relationships that make up value. Bitcoin's value is entirely speculative on one hand, and it is quite negative from the point of view of the relationship that citizens have with government and its money. To me bitcoin is a threat or a liability and it has negative value. It also has a huge negative value in terms of the relationship of man with his natural environment.
You need to think in larger terms than yourself and what you might think is offered to you with this.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:31:54
What's the incentive of doing the processing then? Are you going to process your own transactions?
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:02:23
That's why they were sticking a .com label on everything at one point. Everyone and their cat is crypto these days because it still appears cool and different.
It's kinda like the other way around with bitcoin. Everyone who has it is desperate that money would come in and vindicate it. It strives to be valued as a money equivalent and in money units. What I own is what bitcoin is trying to be.  If I was a speculator I would bet against it, but I'm not. I'm really just here to point out some obvious things to people who are making mistakes based in their inexperience.
@_date: 2018-01-22 16:35:47
Libertarians referencing articles from a left of center news outlet. You have to love it. While you are there please listen to Economic Update with Richard Wolff. There's a great interview about the state of new Marxist economic thinking in America. It's really good.
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:29:57
Why do you suppose that is Sherlock? Let me give you a hint: not everyone was in at ground zero. This thing has only reached critical mass recently. Now that is has this is the first taste of what bitcoin has to offer for a lot of people. Those who have lost 50% are now looking for 100% gains to get back even. There's nothing on this planet that should go up in value that fast. When it does it's an aberration, and no one should count on it happening over and over.
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:38:22
Depends what you mean by investing. There are a lot of private sector investments out there that are next to sure things that come with government guarantee. Those you can pour everything in and be very safe. Things that have no reasonable guarantee are not really investments; they are speculative plays. Speculative plays require the same approach that poker players have with bankroll management. It's not smart to have more than a few percent bet into anything at once if long term survival matters. So many people here are hoping for a quick train to Gotitmadesville.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:29:27
You are extolling the very common belief that the world is out to get you.
I'm talking about the need to have a government/citizen relationship that imposes obligation on you and I in exchange for stability. There's no fuckin' free lunch. Legal tender does not steal from anyone when it expands in quantity because the promise of legal tender stays the same--it will meet your government obligations no matter how much there is out there. You seem to be fixated on how many baubles it might get you if you hoard enough of it that you have more than what your government obligations call for. That's a condition of excess, and I couldn't care less if some people's desire for excess is never satisfied. Inflation in prices happens outside of inflation in money, and the whole thing rests upon a landscape of unequal distribution of wealth anyway. But more fundamentally, every dollar in existence is borrowed. It can be made to go away by paying off debt. If you want less of it then simply stop borrowing. People actually love to have that option, so it is not government's desires that is the problem is it? People having now what they could get later creates a situation where there is more money in circulation, but all that money is just in existence for a while. It vanishes in thin air from whence it came when debts are paid off. The total sum of what is owed and what is out there to be held by individuals is what we should have our eyes on. Some have so much excess that a condition of shortage of money actually exists for many. Those are problems that come from capitalism, not government. Inequality is your beef.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:55:02
The people who would want me to have to purchase a bitcoin in the market would prefer that I prefer to use bitcoin. At the end of the day this is a supply and demand story. There is no demand if people who own bitcoin can't get people who don't have any to use it. There's a body of sellers here that are hoping a whole lot of people line up to use what they have in supply.
What I would prefer is if I didn't have to bid 20$ for a 5$ dollar bill. That's what's kinda nice about money; it's face value remains its face value outside of any third party market controlled by hoarders of 5$ bills. The thing that bitcoin enables is the very thing that it pretends to free us from--a tight control of money. No one on this planet would want a money in short supply held by a class of early entrants into a technological movement, except of course those who prefer that.
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:40:21
Was it the end of oil in 1860 after the speculative frenzy? Yes, and no. It was the end of free for all and the beginning of centralized control of the commodity. In free for all form no one could profit from it as new entrants just underpriced the rest trying to gain entry.
In my opinion this is the end of the free for all crypto fad. If it does have a life it will be in the hands of central controllers who can render the commodity stable in value and control its quantity. In other words it will only stick when it is no different than the money we enjoy now with its stability 
and guarantees.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:27:39
Humanity has been making the same mistakes over and over for a long time. Rand ultimately failed in South America when the Chicago boys failed to impose the American version of free market at gunpoint. The reality is people will never accept a free market because it delivers hierarchy and inequality which is indistinguishable from tyranny.
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:41:22
Australian banks have just started freezing bitcoin transfer holding accounts because of the security risk they pose. It seems they are using the risk of being cash short to stress how dangerous it could be to be holding money that it deems risky for being identifiable as being proceeds of crime.
This should help to push the price lower.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:53:04
Lucky for you because it means you'll have an opportunity to buy more later when it is lower, except that you won't be as likely with a strong downward trend with progressively lower highs.
By your logic you ought to be kicking yourself for not having scraped every las nickel to buy at 20k before the tax season and holidays. Those gifts you bought were clearly a mistake?
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:06:06
I just know that from my experience in the tech bubble era that I was forced into being a holder pretty quickly when I failed to exit quickly enough (and take a loss). Psychology gets in the way, and lack of a big bankroll is a serious impediment because risk gets multiplied rather quickly.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:42:02
Not really. Not when the volatility is that high to begin with. A crash to me is when the volatility will be orders of magnitude larger than the climb. The rise was stratospheric and the crash should be precipitous. So far we have seen a pretty orderly retreat that anyone can participate in. 
Markets don't crash as fast as this, but  this is not a market. It's just one speculative commodity.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:22:28
Why would it go up in value? Why, for example, would I pay you more money to acquire bitcoin going forward? 
It's not a good time to speculate in this at all. This has lost its steam, and it is a sitting duck waiting for black swan events to come and take it out.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:11:03
They can ask for a fee for carrying the traffic. Everyone here loves to pay fees. Should work out well.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:34:25
Why not conserve the energy?
@_date: 2018-01-02 17:57:54
Market cap is arrived at by applying the last traded value to all the bitcoin out there. The on balance volume value of Bitcoin is far, far lower. Most the entrants are in to this with small dollars amounts. That's exactly what will have to be divided among the sellers when everyone races to recoup their money. Criminals are in and out of this with no intent to speculate on it, presumably.  You have to sell to get money out of this, which is the point of anyone using this as a vehicle for white collar crimes (money laundering).
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:06:10
We're heating the planet producing an accounting system for a commodity with no fundamental guarantee of value hoping it will serve as destroyer of the social order that kids just out of diapers think is ruining their lives. What could possibly go wrong?
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:08:02
No, the mechanism is this: There are early entrants. They work feverishly to get everyone holding to get a huge amount of momentum, and potentially a mania going. They buy all the way up in increasingly smaller quantities to support the move. Their long term intent is to exit and never be back in. It has to proceed in an orderly fashion for it to not create a stampede. Peaks are realized when long time holders become sellers. They make the peak with the strength of their exit; they don't react to a peak. To not spook people they sell in blocks, allowing recovery to happen and for new entrants to possibly try and catch the bounce that will lead them to duplicate their past gains from holding. The same people who sold at the top now target a lower point to exit as holders wait to see if new gains are coming. The new selling brings on a new dip. If the market is still not spooked the same uptick reoccurs. The sellers that create the previous top continue to exit at a slightly lower top. At some point the whole thing plays itself out enough that large block owners are out with what they call a satisfying exit price gradient. The rest of the people are on their own, and they probably come to places like this peddling the old hold narrative that once worked so well. But it doesn't works as well now. At some point a black swan event occurs and the whole thing goes to hell in a hand basket leaving no time for anyone to exit as the whole thing is choked in a frenzy that makes the run up look tame.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:48:48
I don't care who wins the race as long as both burn out before everyone not in this is declared loser.
@_date: 2018-01-17 08:10:57
He values them like he does any other of his investment assets. Cash on hand -debt + liquidation value in case of bankruptcy or demise. That makes bitcoin worth about zero to hold on to in his view. If you read the article he' ll clearly say that he can't value it. That's because it doesn' t fit in a non speculative valuation model. You have to entertain speculative value for the amounts to be non zero. He bought a controlling interest in CNRail here in Canada because he could have scrapped the company and gone ahead with selling the real estate and the leases on the land it had to communications companies. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:44:45
In capitalism the huckster is the hero. Whatever he does to make his money is to be considered the great dividend of him having the freedom to exploit your lack of information.  If on the other hand, you believe in this way of having things then I suggest you get busy conning people while you also educate yourself about human nature. Every generation gets these type of offerings. By the time most are aware of them it's way too late to take part in them. The large numbers that get involved soon outdo the huckster at controlling the narrative.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:42:27
You may have a fight on hand with libertarians who make crypto currency out to be the commodity currency they have always wanted. They surely did not make gold what they wanted it to be.
I'm not saying they are right, but I am saying that they are fooled again in thinking that a commodity will roll in and displace government contract as money.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:42:05
You can't buy bitcoin if you have no money, and neither does anyone who would want to hire you and pay you in bitcoin. At the bottom of this shell game is the same old need for money. It's just another level of transaction that skimmers can skim from. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:21:50
"Wastes" is a better word than "uses". Talk a bout a novel way of heating the planet.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:27:00
That only works with the economy as a whole, in general, where its value is bound to go up with inflation. Bitcoin has no such guarantee. The economy will never disappear. Bitcoin could easily be just a flash in the pan.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:11:18
Doing work for free sounds like a great business plan. I thought libertarians were against free lunches.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:06:06
Are you that good at timing the market? Let me know when it's the right time to catch a falling knife with my bare hands? Timing markets doesn't work because of human psychology limitations. Part of the risk is in the attitude that "I will just hold forever" if it doesn't work. You' ll not be day trading very long before you are sitting and waiting. Day trading only ever makes sense in rip roaring markets that are in huge upward trends. Last year would have been the perfect year to day trade, but even then buying and holding would have worked out better if you could have identified the top. Tops become almost impossible to detect when people are full of enthusiasm.
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:58:35
Someone has to keep spending energy to for it to continue to exist. That's not a fee lunch. At some point that's not going to be a worth it and a bunch of computers would just get unplugged. another question is: how does bitcoin survive in a time when energy grids are not up to delivering the energy required?
@_date: 2018-01-22 20:54:40
Equality is a self evident quality. For one thing it means that whosoever should work should get the benefit of his work. Those who think they have the superior right to benefit from the work of others are self evidently deluded and they will always be challenged as they come to ask for and acquire more. That's what Marx alleges, and he is right. It is only when labor concedes that it should exist in a condition of wage slavery that we get hierarchy and inequality.  It is not very tyrannical as a vision to impose democracy in the workplace, which is today almost completely tyrannical it should be said. Democracy is something we leave at the door of our places of employment and that is why we are stuck with tyrants. We don't have to fight anyone to accomplish that either. Things like nationalized worker co-op movements (see Britain) are very non violent ways of achieving equality in the workplace.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:30:37
A family member of mine rode Nortel to a 6 million dollar loss. Held on to the bitter end, pouring more and more into it on the "belief" that things you can apply to the valuation of the entire economy also applied to individual stocks or commodities. Another one of my relatives more recently lost a shitload buying up physical silver for more than the gaudy prices it was trading for.
Something like Bitcoin is not an investment, it's a naked bet made on a hunch. You'd have better odds going to Vegas and betting your entire bankroll on black in one roulette spin, because individual offerings don't succeed 50% of the time even if you get in on the ground level. When every offering in a certain commodity seems like a sure bet, you know there's going to be a day of reckoning at some point.
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:16:23
This is comical. Why not point out that Jan. 15 polls as the most depressing day of the year in surveys of people everywhere. In doing so it would at least alert people that this type of speculation is highly psychological.
Nevermind that the clamps are coming down from all sides on this.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:48:21
Apparently that doesn't make sense to those who post that if a commodity once traded for x there's no reason why it won't do that again. Imagine if there was such a certainty in the world. I'd immediately pay you a million dollars for something I had in quantity knowing that all prices must revert back to any high once achieved. It's as if we are willing to say that it's impossible some people have overpaid when we damn well know that's a routine happening in this world.
@_date: 2018-01-22 21:16:30
It doesn't start and end with you and your node, does it? All this "novelty" comes with new demands on the world. It's no different than saying: I as a human can't possibly be affecting the concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere because nothing I do is on that scale.
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:55:06
Why have it stop that high? At some point owning it will be an exercise in looking for a place to have your dollar transfers go into. It appears the major banking institutions of the world are going to simply refuse to accept these transfers, and then what?
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:38:32
It's only fair. Someone has to pay for all the externalities.
@_date: 2018-01-29 19:51:46
You' re preaching to the choir here. Look at the first page on this subreddit. People are shitting in their pants trying to name outlets or examples where you can spend bitcoin at the every same time they are promoting the idea you should never sell it and hold forever. The pitch is becoming much harder at the same time the move upward is stalling, isn't it?
Guess what economic newbies. That guy that accepts bitcoin for his house is running to the market to get his cash faster than you can say HOLD. You are spending it into an environment where sellers are hoping to attract money equivalents in order to increase their pool of interested parties. That's all. The economy runs on legal tender. There are no businesses that can survive accepting bitcoin and holding it.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:53:15
Crypto is debt based too. It gets its value from money equivalence. You have to purchase it with money or by doing endeavors that cost money. Ultimately someone accepts money when it is sold. If it were debt free it would exist outside of money without anyone putting a guarantee on it. It never will. It will always just be a traded commodity, like a sea shell or an ounce of gold. The reason is because good working money is contractual in nature. There is a fundamental guarantee of value behind it. Furthermore, government debt is a vote that money should exist in the private sector and not on its books. If it did not entertain debt you'd be up shit creek trying to get money from those that are holding it and would come to demand that you give all your life's work for a little bit of it.
@_date: 2018-01-01 17:06:42
What I put into the information sphere can work out as it will. If you have read my post then I have succeeded in doing what I wanted. I'm not looking for a personal debate, but you are free to try to ride along with my comment and give your views. I am putting out my feelings so that people can get a sense of what is out there. You may be aware of these questions, but I suspect that many aren't thinking that deeply.
If I was to debate you then, yes, it would be a great strategy to try and overwhelm you. That's just the way it is with the propaganda  sciences. 
If I have done this at all it is out of frustration in reading the very worst type of banal postings that discuss nothing but minutia surrounding this as if there were not larger issues.
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:23:43
Oh, you think things are that predictable do you? 
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:38:04
No way, I have been lambasted here by many who state that bitcoin has no political connections. You are making that link up.
At any rate modern free for all libertarianism is well understood to be childish thinking. It doesn't surprise me that it grabbed onto a twenty year old crowd that has yet to fully appreciate the utter necessity of government in our lives. It took a hell of a long time to arrive to the enlightened view that we ought to have a government by the consent of the governed. It was never going to be conceded to people on keyboards.
@_date: 2018-01-31 05:59:03
The real question is what does the price of bitcoin have to do with anything? Once you answer that let everyone know. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:07:27
This is not a crash yet. Get over it. A crash will look a lot worse than this.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:55:38
It is capitalism that has never evolved since that time. Marxism continues to look at every relationship of labor and capital as a changing reality. You' re showing your ignorance here young man. At the core of what Marxism says is that the world is evolving and that economic relationships matter. State what you think value is in this uneducated world you live in.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:48:06
If you cannot concede that libertarianism is childish then there's really nothing to discuss. As for capitalism there's a reason why it polls so poorly in America among young people these days. It has become a dirty word for a generation, finally. That's not to say it doesn't have some good qualities, but unadorned and unfettered it is a complete disaster for societies like ours. Marry it with religious meritocratic beliefs and you get the political shitstorm that is blowing in America. I don't know about you, but I would want better than free for all.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:39:34
Mark Cuban also said it would crash. To anyone selling something, accepting a currency that is going to be flipped right back into the open market is simply saying I am willing to take a daily risk with this. At any given time he'd be holding practically nothing, making this just another way to appeal to people with money to spend with not that many outlets for it.
@_date: 2018-01-26 22:12:58
You are a delude individual. Fiat is fiat because it has no physical representation. Is it less real? No. It doesn't get printed from thin air either. Take some of your money and educate yourself with it. When a dollar is created a note is also created which carries the property of cancelling out the money when the two come together. There is a promise to cancel every dollar in existence. Its life is only borrowed while we toil to repay them because some want now what could only be at their disposal later otherwise. When a government runs a deficit it is saying to the population; here take the money from us and do what you want with it. A government in deficit has its trust in the private sector. Is that trust misguided? Yes, probably greatly, because the private sector works to concentrate wealth in a few hands which do not want to return it back to government to cancel debts. 
The very worse thing we could have is commodity money limited in quantity, and that is what bitcoin is trying to be.That would create a privileged few who have it and who would come to not give it to anyone unless they paid them more and more for it. Of what good is that? The great thing about fiat is that it cannot be hoarded. It is why Libertarians have for long been crying that something that could be hoarded should be in its place. It's a class of men that would want to have what all others need and want that we are catering to with commodity money. Most of the bitcoin youth are nothing other than the greedy fuckin' capitalist they profess to hate. They like bitcoin because they think they are in on the ground floor of something life changing for them. Guess again. We' ve been through all this before.
@_date: 2018-01-02 19:09:24
I' ll simplify it for demonstration purposes.
Let's say 9 people are sold a commodity for $1 each and then a tenth comes in and pays $10 dollars for the next one produced, speculating it will be worth more than that later based on a sales effort that was made by the original commodity seller. The ten people now holding are into a commodity market with a market cap of $100 even though there are $19 in play in it. It is not true that there exists invested in this commodity $100. That amount is a mirage, or a sales ploy to new prospective buyers.
To get a sense of how much money has been put into Bitcoin you'd have to know the on balance volume. That isn't published on the front page on any reddit page. It might tell you that most of the holders are in at $1 per coin. It's relevant because mirages tend to disappear real quickly when price discovery happens. Price discovery is the value at which people will have to exit if they had no choice. In the case of physical assets it can be the bricks and mortar value of real estate or delivered raw minerals, i.e. With Bitcoin it is like fiat--it's vapor. There is one significant difference though. Fiat based legal tender is guaranteed by government to have a certain value. Commodity money can be worthless if price discovery ever suggests that.
@_date: 2018-01-17 04:37:46
Whoa, who said it was a scam? It is an impressive Rube Goldberg machine. It's just a very complicated way of doing something that can be done in much simpler ways effectively. In other words it's a massive waste of resources that doesn't deliver the goods.
@_date: 2018-01-02 16:05:00
I agree with this, but it initially worked very well for criminals to simply buy bitcoin and have them resold to unsuspecting adherents, all the while legitimizing billions on dollar deposits into banks who didn't question the transfers coming from processors. That too is changing as banks stop accepting transfers to put an end to this sort of crime that rides on patsies speculating.
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:36:31
..to serve dwindling number of customers everywhere. You sure you aren't just trying to spin gold out of straw here? I could post you 5 articles right now that talk about governments cracking down on bitcoin sales. Pretty soon it will be just the black market and traders hoping to ride on their coat tails for a speculative gain. I would expect large seizures to be the next thing we might see. 
The traditional crowd will simply believe Warren Buffet over you and your spin.
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:12:56
They money belongs to the Bank of Canada. They don't have to take a deposit from any source that may be illegally gained money. It they got caught holding it on your behalf, they'd be on the hook. Smart policy on their end.  So much of cryptos is money laundering and white collar crime. Someone has to stand against that. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:56:59
Fair enough, but whose appetite will be made to be lessened if it is capitalists who are coming to market every day with a new digital currency offering? There is no centralized crypto association that limits membership to the club. Do you advance that the free market will police itself here? If that's the case, a whittling down will only ever come from some people realizing complete losses because failure would be necessary. 
As for this being a racket, I am referring to the mad dash to bring to market these schemes in order to separate the bigger fools from the rest. I am not a big proponent of letting this play out in Caveat Emptor fashion because it's gobbling up Earth scale amounts of energy already, much of which is being generated by burning coal.
@_date: 2018-01-16 19:26:01
Who wouldn't think a libertarian would see it that way? Ron Paul is a fraud, because if he was honest he'd lay all the blame on capitalism. Only a fool thinks that there exists problems because of the nature of one particular type of men in one profession. The problem is in all of us and capitalism allows all options, including bad ones, to achieve what they will if they are successful. 
Central banking is one of the best inventions we have ever come up with, but allowing capitalism to have its hands all over it is what makes a terrible thing to create inequality and hierarchy. That's what people hate. everyone here is interested in finding a fast train to not being on a lower rung.
Bitcoin faithful suffer the same thing now as they complain about a certain segment of greedy people out there that are not in it for the collective. Those people actually sound like complete socialists (a good thing) if you ask me. 
Ron Paul is a man child with a dream only a 10 year old could hold on to. Money has to be centralized and it has to have rules. It cannot be a free for all with fluctuating value. it doesn't have to be in the hands of an elite, but  that will never change in a capitalist society. Elites are exactly who capitalism says ought to have the say. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:21:47
There's a rationale that will keep you in until you are in the negative. Trust me, that's how it works with the psychology of wanting more.
During the holidays I encountered a young man at a party who was up 500k. He said he would never sell. One day I will meet him when he has either sold with a nice life changing profit or has nothing. I would wager on the later. The attitude that "I have nothing in it anyway" is what will doom him. He just doesn't realize how much 500k represents in terms of having to work and save for it. It has come just too easily to him.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:00:41
It's not legal tender until the bank accepts your data for its cash on hand. This is not as free of bankers as people would like to think.
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:16:50
Sounds like good news to you?
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:49:54
Money as government contract will never disappear unless government disappears, and that is to say free for all revisits us. 
For anything like a crypto currency to exist requires such a large infrastructure and security apparatus that it cannot ever come to be without the support of governments. The private sector cannot do any of this, nor would it want to because the fees or costs  associated with it would quickly turn away prospective adherents. If you want to turn over crypto currencies to governments, then yes they are handy if you apply the same obligations and stability to them. That would be the same money we have now being spread about in a new way.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:57:54
Does a Rube Goldberg machine use too much energy to do what it does? By definition, yes.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:38:02
...as stores of value it's the same thing. If government accepted old radios to settle obligations to it you' d have your equivalence. RCA wasn't a pioneer, neither was Standard oil.Both came out of the carnage, not as success stories. It is always monopoly that delivers the goods, which is to say centralization. Decentralized commercial ventures spread far and wide suffer from competition which ultimately devalues technologies. It is why we have intellectual properties in existence to allow monopoly to exist for a while. Radios were super expensive when the technologies were tightly owned.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:34:40
Simpler to attack hierarchy, you would think. Racism and religious intolerance are the pillars that make people want to uphold hierarchy. They truly do believe they are better creatures for their beliefs. It is why the super rich are in bed with these groups politically. They all cherish the idea of superiority.
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:40:36
Was not first done for barter at all. That's what you find in economic texts. Anthropological and archaeological studies completely overturn this foolish notion.
@_date: 2018-01-01 14:50:54
Holding a purely risky speculative play is a recipe for disaster. What a lot of people are hoping for is a miracle they cannot even begin to even describe.
Bitcoin and other cryptos are in for a rough ride. Major banking institutions are moving to no longer accept transfer and/or hold money coming from crypto sources. Where exactly will you settle your account in legal tender when banks refuse to do the transfers? A fundamental reality here is that Bitcoin and its relatives need to exist within a framework that does not benefit from the presence of it.  The dream of speculating in bitcoin is going to die out and then it will be entirely about where you can spend it into hands that will also have an outlet for it that never demands legal tender in exchange.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:27:38
If you don't need legal tender to meet your obligations then you can get your ass to where an exchange like this is possible and perform it. The guy you buy the loaf of bread from may want you to knead some bread for him, though. The world is full of starry eyed people who think they ought to be able to decide what fun things they will do they in exchange for the thing they want. What makes society work is actually the obligations imposed on citizens, and obligation can only be settled in legal tender. Any other scheme is a dream that free for all  married with personal choice can be the motive force behind everything. Look into the origins of money. You will see that it comes out of the situation where a person born with nothing gets a chance to build up to something in exchange for a part of his labor. It doesn't matter if the contract is made on clay tablet or tally sticks, there's a contract that functions as money that gets things done. What gets done is always going to boil down to who the owners are and what sort of obligation they put on you to escape the poverty condition of being born into this world.
@_date: 2018-01-01 16:50:20
That's at least reasonable as an admission. Many think the point is that it ought to. You are saying it is a commodity. I have been lambasted here many times for saying that and then saying that it performs no better than any other of the commodity currencies that have been tried in the past, like gold. Bitcoin appears to be susceptible to hoarding and price manipulation, doesn't it? Aside from the fact it offers nothing new it is gobbling up energy and resources doing it while giving all manner of illegal activity shelter if and when it performs well.  I have repeatedly called crypto the newest and greatest Rube Goldgerg machine and I am awaiting an explanation as to why that is not the case. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:16:02
Come on! You expect a bull run on the heals of whiplash trading? You guys are real novices. Bull runs require really strong and sustained trends to the upside to get going.
@_date: 2018-01-22 19:17:10
Depends what the likelihood is that you can sell at a higher price than you bought in for. Do you think there are enough bigger fools out there to replace, dollar for dollar, the billions that are being taken out of this? That's the question you need to ask.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:37:30
Do you have much in it, though? I've always assumed a lot of people threw in insignificant money knowing damn well it was likely going to all be taken from them. The hope of profiting from this was never that real, was it? It was closer to only being a dream. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:41:04
No, if you can't mine it profitably or process transactions at a profit no one will support it. There's reason why oil traded for next to nothing when everyone and their dog was in it trying to become rich in the 1860s. It only ever became valuable when the logistics of delivering it became controlled by a monopoly.What you have now is a crypto free for all that will necesitate that it be crushed before it can be exploited again by a new breed of first entrants that are the same class of men already sitting at the top. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:25:17
What about the buy and hold forever approach? Almost all the early companies failed, and it took a monopoly with intellectual properties to make radios expensive and profitable. It was the centralizing effect of RCA and its control of the market that delivered profits. Science on its own delivers increasingly cheap and unprofitable solutions in the end. Cryptos will have to centralize too. They will be useless unless they are government tools. None would have to ride upon bitcoin technology when all that will be old displaced tech. Government will never deliver to the private unregulated sector money control. If it did we are all screwed.
@_date: 2018-01-01 15:18:59
Apathy is always what kills it.
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:58:38
It would be society's which is a hell of a different thing than having this free for all in place. By having it in governments' hands it would negate every single advantage that the free for all crowd think they are getting with this.
Warren Buffet would never tell anyone to speculate in anything without value. He himself doesn't speculate, he acquires controlling interests in companies that he can rework to create value. To a small time investor he would advise to own a large basket of assets to cover the market. Playing the whole market long term is a winning strategy because of the nature of fiat money. Speculating in individual things is a crap shoot no matter how long you hold. I can name you one stock that a family member of mine held until he had lost 6 million dollars. It was the most  widely held stock in Canada and it was considered a sure bet. It doesn't even trade today. That's what individual plays can give you. As confident as you seem, you don't know what is in store for bitcoin any more than Warren Buffet does. He says almost every day that it's not going to end well for bitcoin holders. He says that based on his assessment of what value is in an offering. It is never what the next guy might pay for it.
@_date: 2018-01-17 07:46:07
You are a huckster aren't you. Don't take my word, read his. Of course, you seem to know better than he does how he thinks.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:29:50
Some people's $40 speculative plays are now worth $20. Fortunately it has been a cheap lesson to learn about the value of things carrying no guarantees for those people.
@_date: 2018-01-22 18:01:34
It doesn't have better properties at all. When you buy bitcoin you add a few layers of complexity and uncertainty to something that doesn't need it.
Since when is it beneficial to have third parties who skim your transactions involved in them? The paper I have in my pocket never fails to be processed when I go to pay my government obligations with it. Show up to pay your with bitcoinand see how convenient that is. You'll have to sell it and get your hands on legal tender because nothing else works to meet your obligations. It lacks the fundamentals property of money in society, which is not a positive attribute at all.
@_date: 2018-01-22 17:31:01
No, but there's economic property. If you come to economically dominate someone in a libertarian free market you have something more powerful than intellectual property rights.  The second amendment as libertarians understand it represents the intellectual property right of choice to them.
@_date: 2018-01-26 21:24:23
Then it won't because it brings nothing of value to the table and it has a long list of economic externalities attached to it.
@_date: 2018-01-16 20:33:50
It was a very convoluted Rube Goldberg machine that was supposed to work like legal tender without the guarantees. The complexity  of the machine wowed the crowd enough for it to not notice that it wasn't even doing  the same thing. Instead, it was working like a tulip mania, which also became a very desirable outcome to many.
@_date: 2018-01-17 16:54:23
I believe in the technology of radio and you' all have to explain to me how come readios are dirt cheap if it works so well. Technology itself is not the point. It gets ubiquitous with living and people come to not value it at all.
@_date: 2018-01-24 19:56:18
The day governments operate one, yes. Imagining 1 million crypto currencies out there, only the government backed ones would have any weight because they' ll be the only ones that will have value guarantees attached to them.
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:49:55
I've done plenty of research. I do about 3-4 hours per night every night. This thing is supposed to have intrinsic value in great part due to its secrecy, except that it's all being tracked, and the blockchain is apparently available to authorities. Tax memos are being released daily to remind people they are going to be on the hook for capitals gains taxes on any gains, and they are going to be required to explain their transactions if they are audited. Since around 50% of current transactions are illegal in nature that should  have its own effect on value. I ask again, who is going to buy to protect the price?
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:30:09
Who the hell is buying now? Since everyone is holding, you' ll see sideways movement until a black swan event shows up. The news is all negative today on the newswire, as attested by one article that is informing everyone that bitcoin is failing as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:02:14
Don't be foolish here. Have you ever heard of Carnot inefficiency? Waste heat as the product of energy use alone is a limiting factor to how much energy use there can ever be on the planet at any given time. Based on the extrapolation of annual energy growth rates since 1650, a very modest 2.3% compounding, our waste energy alone is projected to boil off the world's oceans in less than 400 years. That's without any global warming considerations that trap heat increasingly in the biosphere. Technologies that waste energy and create waste heat are not going to survive. There' s an article today currently on the newswire about this dirty little reality of blockchain. We could literally discover unlimited sources of energy and we would still be limited in how much waste heat we can create at any given time, and there is no avoiding waste heat from energy use. These are dreams of near infinite expansion on a finite world.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:41:37
The capitalist way is to separate a fool from his money. The pool of suckers that Asia represented was large and that is what led many North Americans to think this might go on for a while longer. At any rate, it couldn't. The amount of energy now being consumed by all this is becoming prohibitive, most of it coming from the burning of coal on a planet that needs no incentive to burn more of it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:35:00
What is the purpose then? To waste energy? No one would greatly bother with this if it did not have a speculative nature or a law enforcement evasion aspect. What I don't think you appreciate is that the fall from 1$ to zero is no different than $100 000 to zero. For a proverbial merchant who'd accept 1000 bitcoins at a dollar each he loses the same amount of money as if he had accepted 1/10 of a bitcoin valued at $10 000 in a subsequent wild fluctuation. The security in this is not guaranteed. It is masked in times of speculative gains, but the intrinsic unreliability of holding this is there even if it is not a speculative instrument. It simply has no guaranteed value where legal tender does.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:16:03
Nice tulips.  
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:19:38
People have lost the ability to know either way. Most follow their gut instinct here. If it sounds anti establishment it will have a strong bias towards being accepted. I conceded that my initial comment may be incorrect because of something that I read here and accepted as fact.  If ETFs are actually going to hold a basket of cryptos, as opposed to just futures contracts, then the existence of these markets will necessarily bring on institutional purchases. Are you happy yet? 
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:49:36
This can never achieve what people think it can. It has nothing to do with it being not refined enough. There is nothing in this that has value because of the good working technology behind it. For many that's just an afterthought anyway. It could be flawless and of no use like a perfect rube Goldberg machine. In fact, that is exactly what I think it is, and an important component in this is that it wastes huge quantities of energy while producing risk and instability. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:09:44
This is a perfect way to suck up any speculator money that would have gone into cryptos and keep it in house for the big boys. They can now influence the price and profit off the trading. As naked investments they are even better than the real McCoy because they will settle as fast as anything else on the major markets.  I don't see this as a positive for the commodity itself because a lot of people doing the work of making it work are going to be shut out of fees. People will just trade paper based in the markets produced by others. It's a nice way to cut in on a frenzy for people with no skin in the game.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:34:00
That would suck if it was that predictable.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:27:58
I get that. I'm kinda trying to see where the next levels of support will be from. Obviously, if perceptions out there are very positive there will be different volatility experienced compared with a situation where everyone was negative. Ultimately it is the mood of people who actually participate that will matter. Those who don't really only have an effect on influencing the moods of those who do.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:47:10
It's perfectly legit. It's like trading derivative paper in a gold commodity. There are at times a whole meta world of instruments that can come out of a commodity, and none are cheating the other. It's whatever you prefer. It may be that bitcoin cash is a way better commodity to be maneuvering in and  settling in. I would prefer markets where buy and sell are not mediated by time consuming physical transactions that waste enormous quantities of energy. Trading derivatives of gold makes it easy to not have to actually mine gold, purify it, go get it and deliver it in a sale. Bitcoincash is actually a much better speculative vehicle in my opinion. It may be that it was gamed, but it remains a better proposition. Bitcoin participants would rather not see investment in cryptos go to derivatives. I understand that.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:24:39
Yes, Paul Krugman this morning on Business Insider. These are best estimates he'd be getting from official sources, I would assume. Government is trying to figure out the tax implications of crypto so these estimates are important to understand.  This is more traceable than people assume. There's nowhere near the anonymity that many think there is.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:56:03
I hate tablets. I hate having to go back and correct stuff too, lol. That and my eyes aren't even good enough to see the difference between a comma and a period.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:10:36
You should not trust any of them.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:12:59
Where have you seen me say that bitcoin will not work? It will not ever work to supplant legal tender. It cannot ever do that unless it is recognized by governments as a way to settle obligations to it. It will fail at that if it thinks it can force the issue through enough acceptance.
There's difference with what you mention. The internet didn't ever require that it be given a life by government edict. Furthermore, at the time that was said the internet was not working. Bitcoin already works as well as any commodity can.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:04:02
I'd have to ask my old man about this. He once lost 6 million holding to a stock, buying every major dip all the way down to zero. Thanks for the paradigm shift Nortel !
@_date: 2017-12-20 15:19:56
There's nothing out there that can be used as money that carries any guarantees except legal tender. That and only that can meet government obligations. It's what undepins all values in the economy. That's why bitcoin is valued in legal tender equivalents. As of right now what seems to be giving bitcoin value is two things: perceptions of value on one hand and the fact that a large sector of illegal activity uses it to transact (about 50% of all transactions). Bitcoins isn't anonymous, though. It carries the full scrutiny and tax burdens that everything else that is speculative has. Even those who profess that barter isn't taxable are lying to themselves. The reality hear is that a lot of people are in for a rude awakening at some point at when they realize they don't have cash on hand to pay their capitals gains taxes for any early transactions they realized a profit on.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:41:50
This is the thing with human psychology. There is always a rationale to look at anything any way you want to.
50% losses take 100% gains to recoup. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:08:09
It looks like you are going to get your visit to 11k if the  trades in the pipe are correct.
You' ll be buying on the dips, will you? Do you have that much cash laying on the side that  you can support all downturns? If this is truly your strategy you will lose you entire bankroll doing this. I see this as a false bravado and propaganda. Most of the posts here are trying to rally participants in a very orchestrated type of behavior that is all about stopping dips and fatal loss of confidence. If dips are not that important then why not encourage activity that leads to them so you can get richer?
This is not the general economy we are talking about here. Strategies that are given to people to buy market tracking funds or stocks that will move up and down with the underlying economy are good strategies, but bitcoin (like any other speculative investment) has no such guarantee. Individual plays can go to zero and never come back. The larger economy is widely believed to always recover when it takes a nosedive. That's actually a pretty safe assumption, since governments and reserve banks will support economies with their actions. Note that no one with near limitless ability steps in to rescue bitcoin when it is in trouble.
@_date: 2017-12-15 05:00:59
You don't think the psychology of markets applies here? You think these speculators are different animals, do you? A lot of them were in diapers during the .com bubble. What I find truly fascinating is that it was openly said then that nothing like that bubble would likely reoccur for another 18 years (an apparent cycle in investor turnover) because of what was experienced. This has shown up almost on cue to illustrate how every generation must learn its lesson. Caveat Emptor my friend. Happy speculation.
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:46:33
The question is: Are you willing to buy more at this price to support it? Someone's going to ride the price down on relatively low volume if no one steps in to buy more. At this point it appears that the early adopters are hoping for multitudes of $10 buyers to pile on forever. As soon as relative stability is close at hand you' re going to see futures trading that will move this, daring the people with money in this to support the price. They won't, because they are not cash rich. You ll see all sorts of posts claiming attacks and collusion and unfair play, but in the end this will play out like any other speculative bubble does.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:17:52
I love short sellers. They give us price discovery.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:14:25
So it should not be assumed it should be trusted any more than yesterday. Moving there doesn't guarantee anything. I assume it is being done to punish the other party.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:03:06
John Galt asked "Why should I care about you?". Bitcoin speculators demand that certain things be done to look after their speculative interests. See the hypocrisy yet. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:42:54
What's wrong with the profit motive my capitalist friends? Thank your lucky stars that fees are not growing to test the ability to pay them....yet. Those who assume this was going to decentralize beyond allowing people to make a killing being money changers, guess again. The internet tried to be free, and it lost out to models where you pay to play. Where that will lead is interesting, but I can tell you that people are screaming for government regulation. This kinda sounds like that with the: how dare they charge me an exorbitant fee!
@_date: 2017-12-10 02:11:06
An important aspect of this is that people with strong views either way aren't all participants in the market. Do you feel non owners can come to affect your mood or are you immune to everything that is said by people who could influence you in some way? With confirmation bias, for example, some people will continue to be immune as long as there is enough confirmation to sustain a way of thinking. At what point that starts to interweave is kinda where there is a breakdown. Market makers are always going to test where these levels are. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:14:53
From my experience I just want to let you know that when things flip in highly speculative plays they move even faster than they did on the way up. I've witnessed millions lost in my immediate family during the close of a market session one day and the opening of one on the next. Huge gaps in pricing can appear, leaving very little opportunity to exit. Bid and ask can change super quickly and don't have to be incremental, especially when market orders to sell at any price are the ones that get processed first. I genuinely wish you luck, but I have very bad feelings about this (almost PTSD for me). It's set up to not be able settle quickly either. I had a hard time trusting banks, let alone private sector exchanges.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:37:21
We' re working on getting rid of Christmas, though. Wasting energy as a store of wealth is stupid.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:14:39
Is that your perception, that it's widely seen as a negative now? Thanks for your input.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:09:54
Are you purity trolling? I am asking a question. I don't care either way. I'm curious about your perceptions. I'm asking a lot of different groups. Your group is in the subset of all groups. You don't have to answer. If you don't believe in the notion of speculative excess and speculator moods then that's fine, but you can't really wish it away because of the perception it might hurt a narrative you like. 
I'd like to apply investor mood into a algorithm to see if it will mimic stock option volatility.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:10:28
Ask these guys to give you the theory of value that shows us exactly why anything should have any value at all. Hint: there is none. 
Your guess is as good as theirs. The real value of any commodity is its bricks and mortar value. In this case that gets determined by whether or not it is a reliable store of value for people who don't want their transactions tracked. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:46:02
The two go hand in hand. When you sell something to someone knowing that there is a fatal flaw you are hoping to draw as much money out of the sale as possible before the flaw is apparent. It is a scam, because there's an inherent level of failure in this that had to be appreciated by the originators of it. It's not possible that this could go on for as long as many buyers were led to believe it could. If it was truly speculative, things would be up in the air about the possibilities, but this was always a doomed proposition as a currency.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:45:29
You may as well sell your soul if you are that deeply in love with this speculative investment.
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:54:16
Liquid? Really.Good luck with that when push comes to shove.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:30:16
I'm only really trying to get a sense of what an exodus would look like. Even having to wait hours is not ideal. I hated having to wait seconds on the morning of 9/11. Every second was costing $8 k in vanishing value at that time. I remember putting in market sells on everything I owned (stocks) and just hoping the transactions would go through. They all did and I saved myself a fuckin' lot of pain, and was able to buy back later. My biggest holding at the time crashed and never recovered.  Even to this day it has not regained any of what was lost that day. I was able to exit and cut my loss to 30% off the bubble high. These are the types of cautionary tales that I like to give. Speed kills, and speed on the way down is always much faster than speed on the way up. These exchanges are fuckin' scary to me. Who really knows that insiders aren't going to be running through preferred transactions when you want yours done. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:10:25
To the bitching? No, there isn't. Look at all the bitching going on now. The cries of "it's not fair", "we deserve better", "this is not acceptable" , "screw him if he's in it for himself" are just whiny little libertarian bitches crying for the same level of assurances and guarantees that government oversight gives us. The list of grievances for why this will all go to hell in a hand basket is going to be long and very predictable. Ultimately it will boil down to: some fuckin' assholes stole our money and it would have worked well if it wasn't for that. Libertarians will thus be confronted with the reality that John Galt doesn't care about them even if they tout him.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:16:39
This guy gets it. It's going to end with an awful lot of bitching.
@_date: 2017-12-20 21:15:35
People still have government obligations, and there is still only just one way to settle them. Paul Krugman astutely pointed out this morning how this is nothing but a libertarian anti government dream to some. People assume some sort of great free personal empowerment with this. It's just no the case. People once held gold. Governments ordered it redeemed at a fix price once. Obligation is what makes the world go round. This idea that everyone can cheat everyone else and have their wealth without any work to maintain stability is as wrong and wrong can be. Complexity and order have huge costs to be maintained; it doesn't happen by free for all.
@_date: 2017-12-15 16:49:19
That's correct. Nothing out there has any value set in stone. Perceptions of value rely on many things and the availability of legal tender to buy things, or trade in them, will affect what the price of things are.
With legal tender, fiat or not, the government can call it in as much as it wants, or it can allow it to free flow if it wants. The mad push to make mortgages available to everyone is what has given housing its high valuations. If you could get a million dollar loan specifically to buy a certain pre approved car then that car would be quite pricey indeed as people would bid it up to match their need for it.
Bitcoin is not going up in value because of the rising availability of cash or credit to buy it. it is not going up in value because it is being released in ever smaller numbers either. It is going up because of desirability as a speculative investment. That can be controlled by all manner of argument, some of which sound logical as strategy and are used today.
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:00:30
That's actually not what economic theory tells us. It tells us that we transact on the basis of something fuzzy called utility in which we are not necessarily in the process of maximizing information discovery when transacting. Purely in the eyes of an economist, doing transactions is what matters. If success is more than this, as you imply, then economics is pushing us in the direction of "who knows what" , and it may not be success as defined by opting for the most intelligent outcomes based on information at hand.
I have always been a proponent that we ought to have economic theories that differentiate between transactions that have negative externalities and those that don't, but we measure only transactions and glean from that positive vibes when things are growing.
Success is really defined by what game you are playing, I suppose. Most of this world is caught up in economic gamesmanship in a landscape where capitalists are among the participants. What passes as knowledge to defeat fellow capitalists may not be knowledge to solve larger issues. A child with a marshmallow might surprise someone one day and say: "do you know how empty of nutrition that thing is" and walk away? 
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:24:57
It's just a sense. It doesn't have to be right. It's the perception that matters. I'm really interested if people who are into it think there's not a corresponding enthusiasm in the non owning population.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:24:39
I think you forget something. These are not nice guys. No one is a nice guy who is in a game of trying to grab people's money. Boom markets like this demand that assholes try and grab it all for themselves. Where there is an opportunity to screw people the free market will produce that.
This market is full of machiavellian types who would stop at nothing if they could seize everyone's money and flip you the bird in doing so.  I think it is mindbogglingly childish for anyone to assume that anyone owes you a stable trustworthy anything. In pump and dump scams everything is fair game. People will test every imaginable way to screw others over. That's why regulation is so important. Remember that when you denigrate government and oversight. The free market will destroy everything to produce single outcomes if it thinks it might get away with it.
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:19:00
How much energy does this consume/waste again?
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:26:57
Everyone's looking for a guarantee you know. Processing fees are the real stuff that makes people rich without taking chances. Those can ride on your risk taking. Processors are not going to be trying to pay their salaries by speculating in the underlying. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:00:26
The person who will be most successful in life is the person who lives and acts upon the present, not some sort of possible chess playing-like future. This fundamental Buddhist wisdom is not going to agree with you. I therefore wonder who is actually gauging later success here. It must be a capitalist with an ever forward looking glance towards having more. That's the bias, right? Anyone can define success as they want to. A child who takes the marshmallow because he wants to eat it then is well on its way to being a fully realized person who doesn't live in his mind.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:03:13
Watch out for the double top now.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:49:43
So what if bitcoin is lost? Stocks get eliminated by corporations buying them back. It increases the value of the rest. Bitcoin can never disappear because you can slice one into an infinity of slices as far back as you want to go. Bitcoin is just as infinite as fiat is. Don't get impressed with the notion of deflationary this and that because the numbers of issued coin are lower. The number of units is infinite now and it will be infinite even when they stop mining it.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:32:42
It's not your money if it has come from the proceeds of crime. It becomes their liability if it happens to be seized and they can't collect from you, which they would probably try if you owned a house. Much simpler to not go down this route.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:24:16
What's you interest in getting people to hold? Are you interested in leaving before they are? Nobody owns a cent as long as they are not sold. The way to riches is to sell. Everyone here is hoping to exit at some point.
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:21:37
The worse FUD there is is when one is holding out of fear of not maximizing potential profits. This causes the paralysis that kills. It will be too late to move when it becomes obvious that everyone around you betrayed their promise to hold. These are not love affairs we are talking about where the purity of the love is seen as something that can save the marriage forever. You can't be afraid to dump this bitch/bastard if you suspect she/he might let you down. Rule number one is never fall in love with an investment.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:59:14
At the peak of the ,com era it was an easy extrapolation to think the Dow was going to be hitting 40k. Things were happening that fast. I remember doing calculations to work out how quickly I was going to make my first million. It didn't work out that  way at all. I went through a period where I lost half my money and had to wait years to be back even. Moral of story--if you think it's possible to profit from the passage of time with any guarantee you are making huge assumptions.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:03:01
It's impossible to know. There is no theory of value in the world that allows any value to be prescribed with rigidity to anything. Government gets around that by creating a need for legal tender (obligations) and guaranteeing it will accept it as the method of settlement. Universal need becomes the de-facto standard value. Everything else can turn around that. Anyone who makes a guess at a value is using a theory of value that doesn't exist. The game becomes about having enough people accept that theory of value. My guess is that the propagandized efforts to assign value will continuously butt up with the hard reality that when legal tender is needed commodities get sold. It gives wild swings to commodities that are not welcome for stability in economics.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:06:22
Virtually everyone with experience in speculation is now coming out and saying this is getting extremely dangerous. I for one won't laugh at you and put you on a wall of shame if you get hurt. Try to be respectful before you get someone burned who you don't even know.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:27:47
Limited supply? Can you not slice it up into an infinite number of slices? It is just as infinite as fiat it. It can easily be worth nothing. Rarity is not a condition of value.
@_date: 2017-12-20 05:45:47
If I had a million in this I'd dump it all at once while I could still do it. Greed kills. There isn't a million in this for everyone who has a million on paper right now. If you look at the on balance volume there's a lot less than a million for everyone who's got a million on paper...a lot less.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:39:36
Thanks. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:11:59
Sure if you don't mind holding on forever then that's not a problem, but most people have the intent to realize a trading profit from this and that can only ever come from an eventual sale. You cannot have your cake and eat it too. Everyone in this dreams of being out of it and rich.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:42:39
Decentralization means the same thing it meant with Uber. It's throwing away any guarantee (protection) you had before in exchange for something with no guarantees that you hope will work based on the good will of free market participants to meet your needs. If you call Uber you can be met by  God knows who driving God knows what and at that moment it's you and your knowledge of the facts that decide if a drive happens. A lot of the worries behind this are looked after with a certain degree of centralization. Rules can be put in place. Assurances can be had. Decentralization is a nightmare of responsibility that falls on your shoulders. You as a market participant cannot fend for yourself in a truly decentralized world because there are limits to what you can know in a world that is capable of changing super fast. The free market will evolve to corner you into only certain choices. Of that there is no doubt.
@_date: 2017-12-21 17:20:24
What is bitcoin but a theoretical idealist dream put into the hands of selfish free market loving egomaniacs to profit from? The problem with all the thinking behind bitcoin is that it assumes that much will be done out of the goodness of people's hearts forever. That is against the individual nature of the human animal which we have only ever tamed by instilling in it the sense of shared obligation through the creation of collective undertakings like government and other beneficial social structures. What bitcoin stands for is probably nothing but an experiment that will likely divulge the great difficulty of having anything unregulated and decentralized. In information theory growing order and complexity demand centralization and shared expenses. Most of the issues that people have problems with are inequality based, and they can be addressed by weakening the power of capitalists among us. Capitalists deliver hierarchy. If bitcoin is against that then they they have partnered with the devil, so to speak.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:08:20
Educate me. Are we saying these funds will hold a basket of the underlying? Because that is not what was implied by comments made that said it would be based in futures contracts. As long as everything remains based in Big Boy markets it will be reliable and settle quickly. There could be no real way to make these settle faster and more reliably unless someone was managing/holding huge piles of cryptos independently for the fund. That would be way too speculative and risky, no? The Fund could could go bankrupt for being long.
The fees that ETFs charge ride on top of fees that bitcoin and other cryptos entail, so it makes it makes it slightly worse. I have seen ETFs move much more slowly than the underlying too, especially with oil. That's because oil stocks don't always move with tightly with the price of oil. Crypto derivatives would also not move the same. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:55:40
...and those will only be as strong as the volume that actually got in at those levels. A lot of bitcoin holders got in really cheap. That's the real floor and ceiling here. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:52:49
You forget that speculators chase profits. They couldn't care less about the underlying and what you do with your strategy. They are not in it for you or your gain. This is not a brotherhood of idealists operating.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:17:32
I was working for $100/day when I was making $8000/day in the market. It gave me a warped sense of what makes the world go round. Sitting on my ass collecting money from the passage of time seemed to be a very good thing to believe in, and why not  believe  in it forever right?  
Speculation in itself doesn't create value and I fear that it lead me only to take larger risks than I should have. The money is made in the period when people adopt and real dollars are traded for perceptions of value.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:22:37
Let's be clear here, bitcoin is not going to be deemed a success or a failure on price, except for those who speculate in it. Government is not in the business of stopping commodities from being traded. What government has every interest in is preserving the stability we have in our respective countries. It has no interest in recognizing decentralized currency and no possible way to oversee it works well for the interest of its citizens. Who you have your trust in is a good question, because what this is trying to be is just a technology that has no obligation to create stability for anyone. With government there is always the condition of social order. I can name a million technologies that work well and produce none of that as a side effect.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:44:58
Sure they are. They are like tulip bulbs too. It's just a commodity that is being traded, nothing more.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:22:04
If I was speculating in processors of bitcoin I would want the fees to be very high to see a profit ASAP. They may have a very short window of activity to recuperate their investment, not to mention they have to pay salaries while people hold.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:48:56
This just confirms something I suspected--a lot of this is in the hands of young men of libertarian bent with zero social conscience who would not think twice of ripping off everyone.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:40:38
It's all perceptions, and those cut both ways. When it is perceived to be a dinosaur marching towards extinction it will get abandoned because of its name too.
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:40:57
It hasn't moved fast on the way down yet. That speed will have to be considerably greater than the speed at which it went up for a lot of people to be left holding the bag, which is always the end goal. As far as I can tell everything is still slow and orderly.
@_date: 2017-12-16 17:05:01
Yes, I understand this, but there are no regulations and no guarantees. Uber tries to run outside of regulation. If they were in fact insisting on rules and regulations then they are acting like a centralized form of control.You can't have it both ways. Completely decentralized in my opinion is a nightmare because there can be many different rules in many different places and there may even be the assumption that there are rules. Isn't that right? I could not care less for single examples. A decentralized world would be a collection of many individual examples, none of which carry on to the next one.
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:59:27
Looking more like online poker every day.
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:25:26
Here's an example of a smallish black swan event that forces a sale. What would be the effect of a 10 billion dollar seizure and liquidation?
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:46:06
That's written by a man-child with next to no life experience my friend. Uber and Airbnb have given us what exactly? They have removed guarantees asked for and given us complete unknowns and a reliance on the capitalist profit motive only.  It has rolled back the clock on efforts to protect innocent people from shortcuts to profit and potential abuses. No more government regulation right? Guess what? That means you can be picked up by someone with no criminal background check, no safety inspection on his vehicle, no insurance, no expectation of cleanliness or politeness--all for the tidy savings that empowers a race to the bottom. 
Decentralized government is free for all, and it is not desirable. Decentralized money is a commodity with no guarantee. You have no way of knowing if dabbling in it is empowering the worst things out there. 
As for blockchain, MIT has already supplanted it with research from government grants (another great gift from centralization), as seen by articles that have come out today. It's a waste of energy and a primitive attempt at convincing people that it is a technology that is giving this some worth.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:29:22
When you try and catch a falling knife in a downturn you are hoping to time the market bottom. The only time you should buy a dip is in a complete unequivocal upward trend that shows no sign of ending. That trend has been smashed to smithereens, so it's now totally about guessing what is a bottom. Good luck to the people who think they can time this.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:51:28
Government is the tool we have to grow complexity in our world and have order. If you want to denigrate it and not use it you are not going to have order. You are a citizen who derives everything from government guarantee. The legal contract of citizenship is what gives citizenship its value. There are no free men any more. We are all contrctually tied to the experiment of government by the consent of the governed. We have stable money that allows bitcoin to be valued in it without having to worry that that standard isn't also prone to boom and bust. It allows a smooth market in commodities. Bitcoin will never bootstrap itself into what government guarantees. It will always just work in a stable landscape we inherit by the good functioning of governments.
A lot of neophytes have no idea where stability comes from.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:02:20
And past short term success always translates to future gains? Ever hear of trends and how they are momentum based?
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:14:37
It can never be a working currency without government guarantees. What gives legal tender its value is its guaranteed ability to settle government obligations. People are going to be learning this lesson the hard way, but it will work to educate people about the importance of government.
@_date: 2017-12-16 03:28:00
No, not at all. I made it a long time ago. Thanks for worrying about me.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:14:05
Let me get this straight. The loss of credibility of one player has given another one credibility? 
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:48:57
A crash has not happened yet. In a crash you have mass exodus and the price will drop much faster than it went up. Bitcoin speculators still have that to look forward experiencing. 
This is an orderly exit that is happening that has been well managed, in part, by the propagandized "Hodl" in social media. Some people are wisely exiting and it is not creating a stampede, yet. That is beneficial to the prices they are getting for all their coins. Don't expect them to re-enter, though. The only time to get back into this is when there has been mass carnage.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:04:41
Worse, it's stabilizing.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:41:21
If there was any merit in it before I don't see how insider trading would wreck that. If it's using something that works for nefarious purposes then the issue seems to be with the insiders. It's not like this has ever destroyed the NYSE trading platforms. Whoever will end up settling more reliably will get the volume.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:10:20
The fear they talk about is also the fear of losing gains by way of selling. Fear is what will keep people holding. Any pump and dump valuation scheme derives a life by the strength of the Hold. When Hold ceases to be the fear based response it becomes Sell and then the perception based reality around the value of commodities erodes. The reaction to Sell is no longer fear based at that point, it becomes logical as everyone runs to the exists. If something truly has value it is logical to sell it higher and buy it back later cheaper-- that is not what the narrative is around bitcoin now. It is all about scaring people into holding to see how high valuations can go for the sellers of opportunity who,  it should be said, will probably not be re entrants when they leave until things have really taken a severe beating (capitulation). The psychology of markets is the same in all markets, so non bitcoin investors can provide lots of evidence for neophytes.
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:34:06
Not the first generation that thought they could get away with doing this. In 1849 some thought they could mine the mountains and rivers for wealth. Not too many ended up holding onto their claims. Gold as a commodity currency was  another attempt at decentralized money.  It could not serve for the same reasons crypto currencies won't--governments won't back them.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:32:25
There's an almost complete lack of information to know who is credible. A free market works only well to look after everyone's interests when there is complete information. That way, everyone would avoid the problematic entities.
The thing is this: people may be moving to worse on the recommendation of people who are just pissed or who may have a self interest in moving them there too. It's full of unknowns. What this sort of action does is create instability in the landscape which can sometimes create more problems than it solves.
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:02:19
ETFs are easier to be in and out of, so in my opinion they are better for a speculator.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:31:37
The bubble has been called by just about everyone who even touts bitcoin from atop. There's a very big call out today, as a matter of fact. If you refuse to accept that then that's your individual decision. There seems to be an insistence that perceptions about the existence of a bubble don't matter. It's the only thing that matters. We can only know to the degree that perceptions are known, and we have more than enough sense to see where perceptions are lying. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:26:53
How so? If you went to a pawn shop and there was a good chance it was receiving goods obtained through illegal activity would it not also pass? 
Understand the private sector's worries here. No one wants contagion from what could potentially go wrong. One has to assume that large quantities of bitcoin are eventually going to be seized from criminals and that other proceeds are going to be hunted down. Those could be sitting in this person's account.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:58:37
Fees are generally a lot lower than what they are going to be going forward. If you are looking for a super cheap way to have instant transaction I suggest debit card payment. Merchants love it and it doesn't involve any third party commodity currency that can go all awry.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:24:07
...and renting whores.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:53:50
Catching a falling knife? No, don't. That is never recommended. Do not try and time things that way. The most money I ever lost was piling into a stock right after it started tumbling. Individual investments do not have the same properties as complete markets. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:56:04
Do you think social media could be infiltrated with bots playing with sentiment?
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:37:26
It is not important in the least, except potentially to speculators in relative values of foreign currencies. There could be 100 million times more dollars in the economy and all that would change is the relative price of things when using that currency. It's the exact same equivalence as raising the face value of money and having no more of it. Bitcoin speculators are attempting to raise the face value of it by argument, where normal currency (legal tender) keeps its face value and gets controlled in quantity. Bitcoin has no fundamental guarantee. Legal tender will always work to meet government obligations. Government has many ways to equal everything out. It can raise its obligation, lower them or it can play money games to make sure the economy works. What are the tools that cryptos offer to make sure run away prices (either way) don't collapse the underlying economy in it?
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:37:24
On balance volume. I agree. Where was most of the volume on the way up? It was a lot lower than where we' ve been lately. The real support is really only ever found where people have got in. There's no compelling reason to assume anything positive on low volume will ever stick.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:23:33
Terms and conditions. Every account has them. This is not the government you are dealing with; it's the private sector. They don't have to take any risks they don't want  to.
The reality of this is that a hundred billion in illegal money could go through the system and then be seized by authorities as proceeds of crime. Banks only dabble in things that are guaranteed by government to lessen the risks.
@_date: 2017-12-13 20:10:43
The story of progress and civilization is the story of building working government. I don't think anyone would argue with that.
For all the hate that exists towards government they still represent a massive successful experiment. They have not ever lived up to all they could be, though. It is with the failures that we base our perceptions only too often. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:36:52
Really? Wasting huge quantities of energy (global scale quantities) producing volatility and risk was supposed to be a sound model for a currency? It never made sense on the basis of what it entailed in energy terms.
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:57:14
I understand the nuances. There is not "Bitcoin" the company, but there is a bitcoin brand that is being managed by the stakeholders of it. Bitcoin's appeal isn't created by miners. Their role can be used as a sales pitch or a strike against the brand.
The life it has now is a speculative life. The fluctuations and fees have killed it as an everyday currency.
@_date: 2017-12-22 17:19:53
Some will have made off with a King's ransom and they have, in part, coinbase to thank for it. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 16:16:24
Something that drops 50% needs to gain 100% to be where it was. It's not symmetrical.
@_date: 2017-12-20 19:06:01
Nothing of substance has changed except that everyone and their dog is trying to enter the crypto bubble and derivatives of cypto currencies are hitting the market to gobble up the real speculator frenzy. 
Things are changing very quickly in the landscape. It will soon get so complicated to understand the money flows in this that people are going to have their heads spinning.
The idea that bitcoin exists in its own universe is naive. An honest appraisal would say: things are changing more quickly than we can understand them centrally.
The last thing that is needed is a central bank spokesman figure trying to assuage the free market if I am to believe the bitcoin fans. It reeks of manipulation when some do it, but it  is consoling when others do it.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:39:03
It can only ever stabilize at a level that reflects the guarantees around it. There will always be a probability cloud around it because it has no fundamental guarantee of value. Legal tender does--you can pay government obligations which government can make as high or low as they want to in order to increase the desirability of it. Government could derail crypto currencies by simply calling in more of its legal tender and forcing sales of bitcoin, gold or any other speculative commodity. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 20:08:04
I mean everything that's currently involved in this, yes. It's obvious that it is not an optimal way to have things.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:18:52
Blockchain itself cannot survive with the amount of energy it is consuming. As soon as anyone mentions that, the legions of "you don't know that we won't discover illimited sources of energy in the future" touting proponents come out. It's super problematic as a technology and it is going to be made to pay for its externalities one way or another. Settling in the future my require huge fees.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:46:57
If you don't mind me asking, how long does it take to sell bitcoin until you have actual cash in hand in a bank account (a real physical settlement). I'm not interested in the time it takes for people to have virtual entries reported in dollars. I personally do not have any knowledge of this and am wondering if it is days-weeks and how a backlog of exits would affect the times.
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:37:54
Dead will mean people will be left holding virtual wealth just like they profess to want to be doing. It's rather ironic. Just holding requires energy, though.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:07:28
Turns your 10 bucks into 30. That surely won't satisfy the exuberrants with dreams of getting insanely rich. The reality is that numbers that are completely jaw dropping would be needed to duplicate what has already happened. Sucks to say it but the serious money made in bitcoin has already been made and it is sitting out of the market now. Either that or no one has made a cent out of it.
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:16:05
I covered that. You didn't read my whole comment before responding, did you? It does not matter what we develop to produce energy. The use of it creates waste heat. It is the waste heat that is limiting, not the source of energy. Carnot inefficiency can not be overcome, and it represents a hard limit. 
Calculations could be produced now to show you how much waste heat would be troublesome and you'd have to find a way to fit all the technology demands we will have within it going forward. I can guarantee you that nothing will survive that wastes energy frivolously.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:25:00
What does desire have to do with it? Why not 75 trillion ? No one can produce a theory of where it should go, so why settle on any number? It could be zero and it could non zero, but neither can be predicted.
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:54:00
That's aside from what I am really interested in. As currencies none of these will gain any traction until they are recognized by governments and start to function as legal tender, imho. What makes money useful is the guarantees around it. Our legal tender would not work to our satisfaction if it was prone to wild swings in valuation. You'd never know what to pay for a loaf of bread, or you could be forced to pay more than you can afford. You'd never know if it was worth working on any given week,month or year either. Things like that are not useful to a collective of people not interested in worrying about valuation volatility.
What Bitcoin and all other cryptocurrencies offer is great volatility to the upside and downside (not yet fully experienced, and useful to study). That makes them ideal for speculation and not much else.
When the stock market was highly volatile, let's say in the peak of .com era, trading volumes were large. People were getting in and out to try and get as many short term gains as they could, realizing that they didn't want to be left holding the bag at the end of a trading day for fear of waking up the next to find things had plunged on virtually no volume. I remember that period very well. It was a time prone to intense speculation.
I'm not sure I follow you about the comment regarding the same money is going to go out than what has gone in. It doesn't work that way. Let's say my speculative investment is a house and I am into it for 200k. There is no guarantee that this amount of value is conserved in any amount of trading in this house. If I lose 20K on the sale of it that is not gained by anyone. The next person faces the same thing. If there were the same number of bets in a derivative market around the movement of the price of my house then there would be a winner for all losers, but that very rarely happens in any market. In individual stock collapses, i.e. wealth just vanishes. That's not to say some don't make it on the downside, but there are almost always more bets to the upside (people holding). Bets both ways tend to smooth thing over. That's why derivative markets are useful. The last trade in bitcoin could be you buying it all for a penny following a trade where it was worth 20K to the second last buyer. That certainly not means that money going in was conserved or redistributed. That penny divided among all those who once owned and sold to you would not equal what went in. What would be conserved would be one cent of value. Where did the value go? It went where it came--in perceptions of value.
Treating it as a get rich scheme is what will give it speculative life, therefore desirable to those with a goal of playing it. If it was a stable currency it would not be worth speculating in it it because it would have virtually no upside and all the downside that comes from having no government guarantees in it.
@_date: 2017-12-10 01:34:11
Purity trolling is jumping all over someone because he is not pure enough in terms of some held belief. 
I'm just really interested because we don't get to experience this kind of large scale thing all the time. The pool of potential buyers could be large. I don't even have a sense of it. I expect the sellers of it to be dispassionate technical participants who will try and create volatility. The relationship between volatility and sentiment is not linear. It's complex and hard to model.
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:13:42
Wealth is a relative concept. If almost everyone was a millionaire almost everyone would be poor and only those who had much more would be a class above the rest. Prices would follow. If everyone has a billion a loaf of bread is worth a a couple of thousand K. For this reason it is important for elites to keep people down, or else they would to grow their own food and work.
What bitcoin speculators want is gains in a world that retains lots of inequality. Only that gives relative wealth.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:19:28
Sea shells have the ability to be used as currency. Conch shells go for a decent amount. I grow food and will never accept sea shells as currency because I'd need quite a bit of them to pay my property taxes. Turns out most are sellers of sea shells when obligations need to be settled and that sea shell liquidity isn't scalable.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:35:13
Yes, I remember the Nortel Networks ads very well. Paradigm shift and all. We can all be forgiven in thinking that something new is happening here, but it isn't. Decentralized commodity currencies have always been around. We have moved away from them when we realized that higher order demands complexity with a cost and not the problems of markets prone to irrational behaviors. That  cost is government oversight, and the order is social stability. If none of that was necessary then we could all be dealing in sea shells and sand by common acceptance and we could all dream of being rich by mining the beaches. Scarcity and need have to be managed. The right amount of government obligation is what forces real economic activity. The forces that move the world are ones that are applied. It takes very complex order to manage growing complexity in the world. What people are suggesting is possible with bitcoin is quite frankly childish. Its just a technology that has a use, and from that it has commodity value.
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:45:47
It's not like that at all. You are trying to imply that waiting equals getting more. In the experiment you talk about there was more offered later. If the experiment had been offering a risk of significantly less children would have learned to take a bird in hand rather than two in the bush. Poker players understand this better than you do. Expected payout is a huge consideration. You have no knowledge of future payouts, and there is no honest narrative implying more of anything later. You may have more coin for the same money you dump in, but that's not the same as more money.
@_date: 2017-12-31 16:29:59
Decentralization is free for all and complete lack of information. The cost of this is huge in energy terms (prohibitive) and it removes the greatest force we have towards society building, the existence of government obligations that can be settled only in legal tender. Who are you obliged to if you are dealing in a money that does not carry any social contract with it? People who dream this shit up have no two clues about how the world runs and what gives it stability. It will never come out of commodity money that creates princes out of people sitting on their asses or inventing scams like this to arrive to it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 17:33:54
No, but why on Earth are people assuming this is any more credible? I have no way of knowing this outfit's ownership is not gearing up to royally screw me either. It appears that some want to believe that there must be a safe place somewhere by default.  I trust no one with this. A lot of these outfits are not technically capable of dealing with the large volumes they may inherit, not to mention the possibility of a mass exodus later. I'd be interested in knowing who is actually well placed in settling trades quickly and how long it would take to have real cash in hand when I ultimately sold when everyone else was selling. There's so many things that credibility rides on, and we have never seen this play out yet.
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:02:20
You might want to look at what on balance volume is. If price moves quickly it is because price can rise on a single sale. Why anyone would then assume that every other similar unit of bitcoin has gained value is interesting but illogical. Most of the on balance volume in bitcoin is in at much lower valuations, so the current valuation is a mirage. The market capitalization is an artifice of multiplying the current price times the number of units and not a measure of what is out there in value. The real bottom support is therefore much lower than what you guys assume. 
If two guys own each a  $1 bauble and the bid for each becomes $2 it is false to assume the total wealth held is 4$ even if the $2 sale for one bauble goes through. The next offer could 50 cents for all you know. The process of discovery is never ending and it is worth keeping track of exactly what real value was started with and what is now being offered for it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 04:31:08
Your second point is naive and hopeless. The economy is a complex dynamic system and central banks act with powerful tools to try and nudge the economy back into complex equilibrium to avoid it flying off into who knows what. Even when they fail, they can count on governments to recapitalize the economy.
Bitcoin is also fiat. It is unlimited in quantity (not at all limited) and there will never cease to be smaller and smaller cuts of a bitcoin one can take. It's the reverse side of starting with a unit of something and expanding its numbers in a fashion that dilutes the original amount. The devious little trick bitcoin holders are trying to exploit is that with new more expensive adoption very small fractions of a bitcoin will be purchased raising the market valuation of large blocks of earlier purchased bitcoin (a huge multiplier effect). That's all artifice, though. On balance volume considerations will make bitcoin super susceptible to price gaps on the way down. As soon as very large blocks go up for sale you' re going to see significant price collapse.
Nothing replaces government guarantee. It is the best ally we have.
@_date: 2018-06-26 05:20:18
Whoa. Get a grip of yourself. This is about replacing your money with a market traded electronic token so someone has your money. That's what markets do. They allow exchanges based in perceptions of value. I see you are trying to add some sort of feel good value to Bitcoin with this sentiment.
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:26:52
It did not function. That is why it was abandoned. Today it could not work. At very specific time people understood that if they were going to be trading fiat gold contracts they may as well be trading just fiat. That was a correct conclusion. Today no one is limited from borrowing from someone who has money. They can borrow from themselves and their future incomes as long as they pay interest to make it worth someone's while to hold the debt obligation. There is no need for any great big stockpile of money to exist to have anyone borrow it. A world today based in a a rare currency would mean a drastic loss of affluence for almost everyone. As I've said before, even if Bitcoin was brought into the realm of being money it would trade just like fiat with all sorts of fiat Bitcoin contracts associated with it. The Bitcoin itself would be near worthless because a virtual Bitcoin could be borrowed from someone with a ledger.
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:02:00
The secret of good public relations lie in seven essential components. Sadly the sort of indirect humiliation that we can be made to feel is one of them. We see it everywhere because it works. It has been studied to death and it has established its place as a PR technique. I think we are learning this today and we confront arguments with techniques that we understand carry weight.
I could,if I wanted, try to be polite and suggest that maybe that is a wrong view, but how is that actually giving my best effort? Stephen Fry has made the most eloquent argument in favor of not staying politically correct as a hard set rule. We ought to really challenge ourselves. I will use my biggest guns and this poor individual will bear the full force of my attempt. The force of it will push him to make sure he is right to swing back to meet it. I do understand what you are saying but we all have to be challenged and dealing with feelings of "I'm being attacked" is actually necessary in a world with interactions in it. I tend to react more strongly the more I feel something is wrong. Being humilsted you are wrong and public about it is not necessarily bad.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:00:06
Earthquakes are not subjective events. They are the result of variables in a complex dynamic system of variables which can yield short term predictions. That's all you get with earthquakes and volcanoes. Markets aren't objective, although they work objcetively. There are no laws to drive trading sentiment. It's purely subjective. If people believe that is enough, but belief can disappear quickly. I can give you no law that says belief will persist or decay at such and such a rate. Value can be there and then not be there. We can't predict that with any complex dynamic system of variables to even get a short term predictive edge. 
Information exists because we can measure it by observation. We can compare states and see that something has changed or hasn't. The observation is subjective though. It's an experience in time. Information has no physical reality so it isn't real. Were time to not be in play there would be no changing state of anything and therefore no confirmation of any information. Information is just a concept in our conceptualization in time. Knowing that doesn't much. It's just a semantical way of expressing it.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:57:00
All commodities that you can barter with. All are priced in a market. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 13:11:28
To give meaning to past events. You cannot see a pattern in the future for a very good reason.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:11:14
Study astrology instead. There's no difference. If you think there's secret knowledge that can be attained to get better understanding of price fluctuations you have been conned. There are algorithms working to exploit every possible technical analysis conclusion that you could have. That's what people who write these try to do. It all begins with training people to behave in predictable patterns. Don't bite. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:29:50
Rome ran their economy on slavery. And believe me, you had plenty of obligations in Rome too. The nature of the token behind money is unimportant. It can be silver, gold, turkey feathers or fiat and that changes nothing. You can count money with anything, including virtual numbers. Money needs not be in hard form. At the core the representation of money is just how we count or account for it. In a fiat system you still trade in the obligation. To have money it must have a counterpart in debt. The debt is the obligation that gives value. No obligation= no money. Gold and silver are hoardable and of no use to run economies on. Even when there was a gold standard people were trading in fiat gold reserves. There is simply too little of it to be useful as a counting token. A virtual contract existed to make you feel like you owned gold. France once cashed in that contract and demanded gold the US did not have. The US immediately saw fit to scrap that primitive system. Gold and silver failed for Rome too. In the end Rome collapsed because it failed to be able to enforce any obligation by force. There's Roman money buried all over the place. Great hoards of it were abandoned in place when no one was enforcing a standard after the fall.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:57:34
Propaganda. It reads like stock buying read in the 90s. Do you research is a myth. You will reading to words of con men. All trading games are games of "in search of the greater fool" because they are arbitrage games. One guy tries to exploit the perception of value of the next.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:25:00
People are in this because they are after dollars. Some really sheepish fools think this all exists for reasons other than purely business ones. Nobody ever imagined this that wasn't trying for a gigantic score. You can see from the propaganda involved that this is a serious business undertaking necessitating all the big guns of the PR sciences pointed at you. By all means study the sales pitches to see what strings they are trying to pull to make you act.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:29:14
Make things so fucking complicated to understand that people will have to go on herd behavior. That's about your only hope.  
At the end of the day no matter how you dress up a commodity riding on a technology it is still just a commodity. What you desire is for people to feel the need for it despite not having the need for it. You are working against the grain because we all have a fundamental need for government money that is also matched by an apperent need to get rid of it that some harbor.
If you value the sovereignty of governments at all then you would be best to leave this dream now. Bitcoin's popular appeal is in skirting obligation which is what makes our society stable. The other solution is to get governments into their own crypto currency that will function as standard of value using the same accounting principles behind fiat.
@_date: 2018-06-26 05:24:51
What? There hasn't even been a crash yet. You have to get to capitulation before you reach this place where everyone left is indifferent.
@_date: 2018-06-27 21:02:57
Your thinking of labor. I am not. Your obligation pays for the work of having money as liability and asset, and the level of affluence it allows you. The societal cost of money is obligation. The sum of all that money allows is paid back by everyone in obligation. What you agree to work for is another thing that trades in a market, a market for labor. Some have spoken about wanting to standardize the value of labor, but that is not what is meant by me.
@_date: 2018-06-29 12:01:25
Everything that trades in a market is a commodity. Using any of them as currency is only as true as saying that they are currency in one exchange. That exchange doesn't set any standard. The standard of value must be enforced and then accepted. I'm not sure who would do that in a prison but I suspect it is always market driven.
@_date: 2018-06-11 12:05:37
Gains from taxes? All the money the government brings back in house goes to settle a note that is the debt it creates for the private sector to have wealth. Most of the time the government omits the canceling of debt to not have to turn around immediately and spend new mony into existence. The government is thus just recycling money into the economy to maintain the standard of well being. When taxes are not paid it has no ability to recycle and money remains in the private sector where it is successfully competed for by the business sector. That leaves only the spending of new money into existence as s method of funding the expansion of wealth. Not collecting taxes is a form of socialism for the richest who have a desire to grow their share ad infinitum.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:43:23
You traded a standard of value inside a country for another standard of value in an other country. The value of each within their jurisdiction did not change. They still meet the same amount of obligation as before where they are doing what they are intended to do. When you do currency trading you are not meeting government obligations, You are in fact trading a means to settle a foreign obligation as a commodity asset in a third party market where you are at the mercy of bid and ask. You can trade any country's standard of value as a commodity if you want. This trading does not influence the fact that one dollar of my obligation is still met by one dollar. It does not force me to pay more or less tax. You, on the other hand, can get ahead by doing some trading (or not get ahead). 
@_date: 2018-06-14 12:21:49
Believe me when I say that we are. Our countries still exist. We still have obligations and we still meet them. That sort of collective commitment to the cause of citizenship is what gives our money its incredible resilience. If you though a bunch of commodity traders were going to undo the existing standard of value in this world thern you were bound to be wrong from the get go. Bitcoin carries no obligations to it so it will be abandoned and you will just have to accept that until you can force people to deal in it. Nothing is stable in value because of consent. It is because of need, the ultimate form of obligation, that we value things.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:10:19
The money that buys it is still worth just as much. If you trade more of it for that cheeseburger that is market decision on your part. People pay more because they have more money in aggregate. We do not turn to you to see if money has lost any value because your cheeseburger looks less affordable. The "real value" of your cheesburger may have gone down and you aren't even aware of it. If money quantity is 4 times more and the cheeseburger is 2 times more expensive then it has gotten cheaper as its price has increased. The stock market, for example, has not gained in real value much since 2008. 
My house gained in real value in 10 years by just having money quantity/credit expand. The house declined in its state, and I could see no reason for an increase in price. One dollar still met one dollar of obligation, though. Since my obligation didn't increase during that time, I was given a free boost. I actually paid less tax at the end of that ten year period. The government was not wise to keep my obligation level where it was. It should have increased it to give money standard more weight.
@_date: 2018-06-28 15:23:04
You have no choice but to want them. What part of that don't you accept. The standard is forced upon you in your citizenship agreement. You have no choice but  to settle in government money even if you are paid in turkey feathers. The great collective need for money makes it be the standard. Everyone can relate to this need and makes sure he prices his labor output accordingly. If he doesn't he will be working for nothing more than meeting his obligations. If he doesn' t even do that he will lose his assets. It is not the market that will intervene with your life if you fail to pony up it is the apparatus of the law. You obligation is very physical in nature. You have no choice about it, though. You must abide by the law in a country or be jailed or deported.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:19:17
I always said it was a tool for uniformed libertarians with impossible dreams He's a perfect spokesperson for crypto.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:37:13
This is not a libertarian forum is it? Individualism is the counterpart to socialism in capitalism. Governments are socialist enterprises. If you want a capitalism with only individualism you will give up all the things that gives us order. Say goodbye to the rule of Law and the right to legal ownership. Polish your gun because you will have to defend your individuality continuously from the local warlord. Individualism in capitalism leads to monopoly and tyranny. The curent wave of problems of this time rest in individualism favored by those already sitting very near the top. If you like democracy you love socialism and have a limited use for individualism. It's not to say that it has no merit. The choice of your body tatoo is fine. The individual doesn't even exist since he is only a collection of microorganisms and processes pulling together for a collective end. Even what people see as the individual there is nothing but relationships that need to be managed to avoid chaos. The great current of nature is towards more complexity that is a arrived at by growing order. You want as much government as possible to free resources to allow more information sampling. That's what leads to progress. Individualism is a philosophy that lends itself to divide and conquer.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:19:20
Nobody owns dollars they made in 1913. If they did you would find that an average speculative return on that money since then would have gained you more than that graph suggests that dollar lost. At a 3% return you'd double your money (100% gain every 23 years). You would not have gone backwards in over a century. The system would have allowed you to multiply your number of dollars to more than makeup for any apparent losses.
Today you can purchase many things with no money down and a small monthly payment. Some would have you think that is a loss of purchasing power. Purchasing power has skyrocketed in that time due to money expansion. Just about anyone can borrow money from himself (his future revenues) today. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 20:25:14
Of what Banana Republic? Santa Banana?
@_date: 2018-06-26 05:16:00
Currency markets are markets that can be made or undone. They don't follow laws. Iran's currency is under attack is another way of saying the currency is in crisis. Happens to just about all countries that the US doesn't particularly like. China doesn't allow itself to be manipulated this way.
@_date: 2018-06-14 12:07:31
The propaganda always weakens. That's the difficulty in being a con man. The confidence in the narratives will wane and then people will look to confirmation biases to get their cues. The long road down will work to confirm a belief in this being of no particular set value. Those who will want to say that it must can only ever hope the market trading confirms that. By now everyone realizes that Bitcoin could work very well and be cheap. There's no need for it to be highly valued. It's like radio technology in that regard. Who the hell pays any premium for that great achiement in technology today. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:14:49
We are out of a lot of energy and have accomplished nothing.
@_date: 2018-06-27 13:09:39
Patterns are subjective and information is not real even if it exists. The predictability of future events in complex dynamic systems with objective laws is limited to the very near future. There is no pattern that will tell you the day before a black swan event arrives that it is coming if the pattern is only demonstrating a belief that the pattern to show us what comes next. A pattern necessitates two states to be compared in time. You always miss the point in the future to see exactly where you are at. Looking back after a black swan event you would see that there was in fact a pattern there. There was a certain price valuation and then a collapse. From that pattern you would learn to avoid future black swan events. The knowledge is meaningless because you need to know the future to see the pattern. The past is only an indication of past happenings.
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:14:56
When was the last occurrence of a government running its economy on a commodity currency? I tell you it was gold and that fiat contracts in gold was a part of it. Commodities as currencies are not workable. They are not easily sourced. They are inefficient because they need energy inputs. They are unequally distributed. They are of short supply. They are hoardable. The only economy you will ever run with commodity currency token is a very small one where there will be great inequality. Kings would love it, but Kings are long gone. We all gave up this notion in the 20th century, so by any reasonable person's argument it failed to serve us past that point without the fiat notion. Bitcoin is the new heir  to gold's old promise, limited in quantity and hoardable. It has all the shortcomings we threw gold out the window for. But, I do understand the appeal to a hoarder who thinks he can get the entire economy priced in it if he can just destroy obligation to government. That's Peter Schiff again. He still goes on about how the value of the NYSE will come to be equal to once ounce of gold. You just can't get rid of these people who are obsessed that something rare and solidly pointed to must be at the base of everything.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:33:58
A standard of anything is something that is collectively held and maintained (assured). A standard of weight or of volume is something that we collectively uphold and keep well defined. The standard of wealth in a country and for its citizens is the agreed upon obligation to the government. One dollar meets one dollar of obligation to the government. We can trade in that shared collective obligation because it is enforced by the law to make it very stable. If you fail to meet you obligation (i.e. taxes) that much value is taken from you. There is no defining obligation to define a value to Bitcoin. No one is obliged to its creators and no assets of value are taken from you to preserve the value of it to keep it steady in value. It simply trades in markets where it is valued in the units of the standard of value. Bitcoin is a market based commodity that is bartered in third party transactions also. It never comes close to becoming a standard of value. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:20:44
Money is contract. From its first origin to today it has been about receiving an asset in exchange for a liability. We can then trade in the asset in markets or the liability with a token if we want. It was once clay tablet, now it is fiat but it has always been backed by the power of a society. some people just assume money has to be real or that ought to be mined somehow. When Bitcoin was conceptualized some thinker with this old belief imagined up a mining process to mimic a natural commodity. The physical scarcity of a hard commodity was also a property mimicked because that also appeals to hoarders like gold bugs. Bit coin started with a large willing pool of believers in notions about money and value that are mistakes.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:57:10
The price of goods is defined in a market like Bitcoin. That market may be outside a country, in which case a currency has no use outside of its borders. If you think a county's currency is that undesirable why are you trading good money for bad? Not all county's obligations are as well enforced as others. If you distrust a country's citizenship pledge then do not live there. Where the obligations are strong and well maintained the money is very stable and the prices of things still fluctuate in the market because not everything that a person could want originates within a country. Markets are what punish people while governments are what try and give stability.Bitcoin markets punish people too while governments continue to enforce obligation that gives money great stability.
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:10:28
It's entirely possible Joe. That is what I mean by the power of making individuals behave in certain ways. All this is much older than you  or I. I think it has its origins in the 20s or 30s and became more mainstream in the 50s. Institutional traders are all aware of it to the point that it has become a self fulfilling belief. When all act on trends that appear to be signaled, and are desirable trends, there is a wonderful confirmation that is exploitable. Allow me the liesure to say you had no clue of what any worked events would unfold. You benefited from noisy periods of calm and definitions that people accepted. Momentum is a great thing. It can make a millionaire out of absolute ignoramus who goes for the ride. I have never used any of this and retired at 38. Had  I realized some more important things it coulkd have been earlier no doubt. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:06:01
Good working democracy is based in informed choices. It doesn't matter how people vote if they are being manipulated by con men who pull the right strings. Besides we have only limited choices to begin with . A major Washington University study came to the conclusion that democratic input is roughly around 8% in all the existing institutions of our time. The political system is edging towards tyranny based in the corporate model of private tyranny that sees the majority leave its democratic voice at the door of the workplace. We would need a political revolution to have more democracy, not better and secure vote tabulators. 
@_date: 2018-06-28 15:15:35
I didn't invent any of this. It's all in the objective description of how capitalism works in Capital vol. 1. 
Enforcing value of what? Of the obligation? Government will seize an asset from you worth the amount of your obligation if you don't meet it. What else do you think enforces anything? It is done by the brute force of the law we agree to abide. A government does not enforce the value of money abroad. Markets determine that. Markets determine the value of all commodities, be it foreign currencies or Bitcoin. What the government wants back as obligation is politically arrived at. It follows no economic law. A government could decide to not tax you and give you a free ride, but a free ride to you when another man has an obligation is not a happy state of affairs. When Greece is determined to be giving a free ride to its citizens it is punished by markets in commodity exchanges of foreign money to say, we aren't going to accept this lazy Greek person's money in exchange for our hard working obligation laden citizen's work. Markets reward the places where obligations are strongest. It's the sum of all the obligations that float the economy. 
When we borrow we get into an obligation we have an interest to not ever borrow so much that we would fail to meet our obligation. That would makes us appear as weak to a foreign trader if everyone was defaulting on their obligations.
Governments decide what level of obligation is applied to you for their well being. It tries to balance lots of private sector affluence with maintainable amounts of debts (obligations) of its own. Governments trade in their own obligations top as participants in a community of nation traders that can benefit from liquidity this way to deal with foreign trade account imbalances.
@_date: 2018-06-26 05:46:07
Crypto commodities are the currency of what nation? To who do you owe an obligation to insure the value of this commodity, and whose assets are seized to protect the value of it when it has no standard of value attached to it and it fluctuates wildly? There' s one huge flaw with this. Bitcoin could be popular and worthless at any point. Popularity does not ensure value. Neither does rarity. Everyone's obligation is what will push their hand towards preferring low tech, robust and guaranteed cash. That is the only thing that meets government obligation.
@_date: 2018-06-29 17:56:16
A commodity that is used as a currency token in a single trade is called a commodity too. It's value is a market exchange value specific to that trade. Start writing down the definitions. The token that is most used is the paper currency of government that is legal carrier of the value of the standard of value which is you obligation. Bitcoin is like the paper money that is token commodity. It does not carry any legal weight of value tied to any obligation. These concepts are not going to go away to suit you.
We can do a trade in toasters if you want. The currency in that case is a commodity--a toaster. It carries no value that is tied to your government obligation. You can call it a currency all day long but it will not move it an inch closer to being a currency that carries the legal weight of the standard of value.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:10:13
My god you people are simpletons.  To get money you create asset and liability at the same time. What are the three entry accounts for bit coin? Asset, liability and....? The accounting system for Bitcoin is based in burning energy, a liability, and a an asset, the commodity.  With fiat we don't need to do work that is unnecessary and damaging. Huge difference. Fiat represents the best form of representation. You seem to confound storage of information in all this.
@_date: 2018-06-11 12:55:45
What do you think your relationship is to your government? You are obliged to it for all that it gives you. The trading in the means to settle this obligation is possible because of the universality of the relationship. Want or want not your obligation and mine have a value and it is this threat of having it seized that gives government money the quality of being standard. Your obligation to government does not go away with Bitcoin. People just think they can skirt it. Public debt is always present and what government allows is for it to be turned into an asset that is held in the private sector. It could just as well not allow that. The fact that we have public debt us what gives us private sector well being. The government can determine exactly how much affluence is tolerable. Countries like the US benefit greatly from being able to carry lots of public debt which means its society is most affluent in general terms. Without proper distribution that is kinda meaningless, though. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:51:21
Honesty is first because we have come by knowledge in honest inquiry and that should have reached us by now. We are all familiar with the dishonest forces that work to keep us misinformed about certain realities while we are kept in tune with others.  In games of winner take all being dishonest is a strategy that can have benefits. That is why we have so many conflicting views. It is greatly advantageous to have belief in something you are selling and to maintain an attitude of Caveat Emptor. The sucker becomes the loser in the games of winner take all. I do not know how we can force honesty in this world if that is what you want to know. People are encouraged to act as individuals making their pitches to other individuals.if pitches had to be made to a scientific body before we could sample them then I think a lot fewer offerings would reach us. Nature does allow all the possibilities, though, so maybe we want to allow plenty of losers. That's totally debatable.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:38:21
You were just bartering. We barter with currency notes too. Money is standard of value, and there is just one. To identify it look to see what people buy and sell commodities like Bitcoin for in exchanges. The only thing that settles government obligation is government backed money=standard of value. It will not accept Gold, Bitcoin or your labor for those. You must go to market with them for dollars. We are free to barter in anything we want. That is why other forms of bank note are possible. To really understand money you must be able to differentiate what is commodity, exchange value, market exchange and standard of value. Even when we exchange in tokens we are using a standard of value as it's unit when we consider it's worth. We may not have dollars but we trade in things that we agree upon to have a value in dollars.
Bitcoin is a commodity and it says so when you go buy some on an exchange. There's a warning there in many instances about how speculative buying commodities is.  
@_date: 2018-06-11 11:49:44
In the double entry bookkepping method of accounting a debt in the public sector is an asset in the private one. The private sector is made up of the business sector and households. What you are looking at there is in large part also the speed at which the richest are getting richer since households are also in debt. The neoliberal way of the right is to suck up wealth where it exists. Another way of seeing the public debt is to consider that if it was positive instead it would mean that the private sector's would have to be negative. Seeing that business cannot exist in such a condition you are left with the only possibility that households would have to turn over enough wealth to make the government books positive. People would rather hold wealth than it be held for them. In that regard all sides benefit from public debt held and managed to maximize the benefit to the private sector.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:55:44
Nope. Commodities get their value in such a way. Foreign money can be traded as commodity. That is why I think you need to study the objective workings of capitalism. Money is more than commodity, though. It is standard of value. Standards of value don't fluctuate in markets. You cannot push a market into the place/condition where you as a citizen no longer have an obligation to a government. The rich may think they ought to be able to do this, but that is really just a libertarian dream. Enough failure to meet obligation will lead to the collapse of government and money within a country. In the US you are on the hook for debts for a very long time, the full force of the law is used to enforce obligations and governments intervene when the risk to sovereignty is present. It is why the US dollar is closest to being an international standard of value, if there was such a thing. What is value there is the quality of the meaning of obligation to citizens. Places where the government can ask and get people to die in defense of the place have got a very acute sense of obligation to their country.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:27:00
Let him explain himself before you defend him. It should be worth the wait. I simply jumped the gun before the half baked explanation came knowing that nothing but utterly simple thoughts lie behind it. Besides being a simpleton is not an insult. We are all born that and it takes a world of effort to move away from that condition.
@_date: 2018-06-29 00:00:25
And the government upheld rule of Law converts to free for all at the same time. Time to befriend the local warlord...
@_date: 2018-06-12 19:08:39
They do not put you in debt solely. Debt and wealth are both sides of the same reality. Why are you not asking me if government asks the private sector when it spends money into it? That's wealth creation for the private sector. The private sector chases wealth that governments allow the existence of.
You are obliged to your country to meet your obligations. That you agreed to when you became a citizen. At that point your existence as a free natural man was traded for a club membership into an arrangement where you would benefit from many things in exchange for some obligations. That's not dictatorship. It's offer and demand in a free market. You are in no way bound to remain a citizen. People accept this arrangement only to bitch and complain about it afterwards as they assume they are still naturally free men obliged to no one. The government can ask that your life be given in its defense if it wants. That's the sort of arrangement you accept. You are also obliged to live by the law.
Debt is not a negative. It's a positive and a negative at the same time. About the same time physicists understood that particles can come to exist from nothing by quantum fluctuations in a void based in a temporary borrowing of energy we invented the double entry bookkeeping system that works by the same creation mechanism. Money comes to life in debt and it is not correct to call money good and debt bad. Both are aspects of the same creative reality. Money comes back home to negate debt and leave the same nothingness as there was before.
Government has a role in taking on as much debt as it can as long as citizens in the private sector demand they want more affluence from the government. That's how we got to where we are. There has never been as much wealth you know. That goes hand in hand with there never having been as much debt.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:20:26
Capital, Vol. 1 by Karl Marx. You will quickly understand why this can't work, and in a very objective way.
If you don't understand what money is and what commodities are do not get involved with this because understanding this is fundamental to unraveling what the Bitcoin proposition is. In a nutshell it alleges that a commodity can supplant a standard of wealth by simply trading in markets.
@_date: 2018-06-29 18:54:42
Imperial powers that used slavery the military ran their economies by brute force. 
If I have a shop and I give you credit that will be paid back with your future labor you have accessed fiat buying power. The thing you buy with now is not real. The money has not been made yet. It is just an accounting principle. Fiat has always existed from day one. As long ago as when a man could first promise and be obligated by his promise fiat existed.
The fascination with trinkets of gold is ritual and linked to feelings of status. That is why Kings wanted it and kingdoms could exploit its perception of value in the world to make peace or war. When Monarchy and imperialism collapsed gold's days were numbered. A nation without gold and nothing to trade for it would have been forever at the mercy of a powerful nation that could take it anywhere from anyone. That was the fate of many a British colony. Those days are long behind us.
Fiat is the highest achievement in money accounting because it is crystal clear and efficient.
@_date: 2018-06-29 17:23:05
It was always just a commodity. No one had to settle any obligation in gold. 
A commodity used as a currency in one market transaction is not a standard of value. It is an agreed upon market exchange value. 
I haven't invented any of this. There are objective ways to explain all these concepts that are well understood by the people who bother to look into it.
The hard trick that Bitcoin believers have to perform is convincing anyone of how a commodity becomes a standard of value without any sort of obligation attached to it. It will not distinguish itself from gold or turkey feathers because there is no agent of force attached to Bitcoin to make everyone value it and trade in that value. That simply means that it could be worth just about anything at any time depending on the market's whims. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 20:45:23
Remarkably there are a lot of us over 50 here. I guess that is not the same everywhere, though.
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:31:28
Society is made up of non sociast elements. Government can reflect that to the point where its elected indivuals don't even believe in government. We can then arrive democratically to a strange place where democracy is vilified and made weaker.
When we enter the social realm we enter into a battle of philosophies within it. I think it is normal to have to experience government that is more about individualism than socialism, but it should be a reminder that there exists this very important limit which we must be mindful of. We have, at this point, a political system that is succeedingly wildly at one thing while failing at another. It is still a succesfull system to have if it retains the possibility of correcting itself, so I still like the idea of government and  I accept to work to make socialism an important part of it.
@_date: 2018-06-14 15:38:56
Not in the Historical sense, but modern far right American style libertarianism has nothing to do with that either. The historical Libertarian current led us to government by the consent of the governed. This guy is not about government. He's a free for all proponent.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:21:48
It's just a commodity-- a crypto commodity. Nothing wrong with that either. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 19:20:50
I'm over 50 of that helps you. Been there, done that. Have owned all sorts of assets and have only ever made a degree of serious well being for myself by using the nature of fiat to the end that is was meant for. I borrowed from myself and paid back. I never had to turn to a billionaire to ask him for a loan under his terms. A bank just deposited the money in my account and took my word + some interest that I would pay it back to make things come out in the wash. Today the money is long gone. It vanished when it was paid back to cancel the obligation. I never brought new money into being except for the time period I also had a counterpart in obligation. It always summed to zero. Everyone else's ability to borrow from themselves rose the price of my assets to such a degree that I became richer without working. It is amazing what fiat has done and continues to do for me. Every person born today has the same opportunity to borrow from his future revenues. What is most scary is that a lot of people would want to destroy this sort of thing so that young people would have to turn to existing piles of wealth to borrow from it or work in the service of it. That is the hoardable commodity nightmare that some propose. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 12:37:33
Bitcoin is a traded commodity not a money system. Money used to buy Bitcoin originated in a double bookkeeping entry system that creates a liability and an asset at the sale time. The anger of libertarians seems to be that they hate liabilities and think they ought to just be able to decide that commodity ought to be standard of value.
Radio technology was used to produce a traded commodity that changed the world. My grandfather traded about 6 weeks work for the commodity product of that technology at one point. The technology behind something isn't a source of market exchange value. Neither is rarity. Neither is demand if it is met. Value comes from need, either perceived or real. When everyone felt they needed a radio the sky was the limit on its apparent value to people. That apparent value was tested in the free market. Similarly the automobile was perceived as such a need at one point that millions accepted to stop farming and go work in cities to be able to meet thiis need.
We will either need Bitcoin or it will be of little value in the long run It won't go both ways. I don't feel I need it so badly that I would pay someone a huge premium over what it cost to produce an average Bitcoin over the life of the commodity. If I do then I am falling behind to this person and a bunch of them will come to exploit this to really be ahead of me. I'd rather we stay equalsand you didn't have a profit in just hoarding something I don't really need.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:17:07
Fiat is based in an accounting system my friend. You get money by creating a liability and an asset at the same time. Bitcoin is riding on the same accounting system because it is commodity price in the standard of value that fiat is denominated in. You guys think you can spew enough mumbo jumbo to impress people.
Show me the fork in how we account for things. There has not been one.  It is not by burning coal that we create an asset. That has not become the new standard of value in a new accounting system
@_date: 2018-06-11 12:16:51
Bitcoin tries to equate energy expenditure with it's value. It's supposed to be a magic way to turn a liability into an asset in mainstream thinking. Fundamentally it's a huge negative. What is most desirable is low tech and robust. That's why cash is King. I can trade bills for zero added energy costs.
@_date: 2018-06-11 12:31:32
It's determined by a market in the commodity and always will be. It will never be a standard of value unless government made it so don't look to see a time when it has set value. The only thing that has is that one thing that settles obligations to governments.Everything else goes to market first, even labor.
@_date: 2018-06-14 13:45:37
It can't move from commodity to standard of value on its own. Your gut feeling is right. We trade in our shared obligation to each other. It's the fact that we have liabilities to governments that gives money value. Failure to meet them means assets of that value are taken from you. The law is behind it. All of society is in it. 
No one is obliged to be in a commodity. No one has assets seized from them to back the value of a commodity. The absolute genius of our government money is the double entry accounting system behind it. No one is denied access to it on the grounds of scarcity. All can borrow from their future revenues. By accepting liability we can access instant asset. The opportunity that this has given is unmatched in history. No one is forced to prostitue themselves to anyone who has stores of fixed quantity assets they are hoarding and that everyone needs. Our current money system has a bias against hoarders, but it is exploitable by successfully skirting obligations.
Crypto currency is token unless it is brought in house to be the paperless equivalent of currency in our fiat money system. I would argue that the two are perfect bed partners and that the merger is inevitable. That's not good news for anyone speculating very long term in private sector based crypto commodities.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:03:04
Banks are private sector institutions. Their role would remain the same. When a bank lends you your own money it is doing so by government chartered right. When you borrow from your future revenues they assume the risk of your default for a cost to you in interest. Their ability to hold your liability is limited by some reserve requiremens that are there to make sure they don't just flood the world in credit because they would happily do so. In understanding money we can leave the banks out of it because they are mere two bit players. Fundamentally it is you borrowing from yourself by the authority of government. It allows a fairer access to assets for the new entrants in society.
@_date: 2018-06-29 15:03:02
Trade was mercantile for a very long time. It is only when Rome established its standard and it was accepted did anyone even think of accepting a token for a commodity. The first gold coins in Britain were actually used as offerings not trade tokens. Gold had ritual value and status attached to it. What good is it for a kingdom to receiver a pile of coins for its resources when the coins are only recognized afar? People wanted all sorts of extravagances before they wanted currency. In fact kings often demanded rare animals as payment.  
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:42:16
In Iron age Britain, one amphora of wine was traded for one Saxon slave. Mercantile ships went into the harbors and were looking for commodities to bring back home in order to sell them for Roman money there. Rome was built on slavery. Copper and tin ingot traded among kingdoms as tribute as far back as the Bronze age, but that was not an accounting method. It was a form of bribery and extortion to keep the peace. Slaves were the most fundamental economic unit in Rome. You had them or you were them. As Rome expanded its internal money did, but was never very popular with the more tribal populations.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:43:40
Why would the entire worth of an economy then be gifted to early adopters of a single private sector owned commodity?
A society would have to be astronomically stupid to do that. You Bitcoin hoarders may think you have it figured out, but no one is going to pay you a ransom when they can just have their own Blockchain application.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:28:10
They are not worthless if you must trade your turkey feathers to get some. All the work needed to pluck them would be represented by the money.
Venezuela has no other standard of value. As worthless as you think it is to you it meets their obligation where they are. Remember that a government money is only as respectable as the government and the loyalty of the obligation. Speculators will not very easily pay their money for that one. Venezuelans aren't completely stuck. They can overthrow their government and try again to define a society with better schemes. The Venezuelans currency is not impose on you outside of that country. Their sovereign experience may be collapsing. Not all countries get it right. 
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:42:55
Has to be. Every single thing so far has been a great omen. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 00:03:11
It may have to, to suck in more money. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 12:13:53
The selfish and immature are the very people that got caught up in Bitcoin if you ask me. This was targeted to steal the money of innocent libertarian types. The very least I could say is that very few people here understand how capitalism works to value anything. This whole stinking notion that Bitcoin was to be the new money of the world is beyond childish. It's a struggling commodity that is going through a pricing curve that has everything to do with how things 
Work out in market exchanges of commodities.
@_date: 2018-06-13 22:43:20
Not it's value. It's value is found in exchange and is denominated in the standard of value. What you are describing is its architecture that props it up. There's nothing that guarantees exchange value consistency in that. The stock market has a stable infrastructure too, but that doesn't give a stock commodity stability. The thing that underpins value in government money is that the government will seize assets from you if you don't pony up your obligations. They have to be met and they have to be met in government money. Everyone needs it and can benefit from having it. Our collectively held common obligation to each other is a guarantee that a dollar of obligation to a government is damn good and strong. The force of the law is behind it. Money is fundamentally obligation that is traded. It was that way in the very beginning when clay tablet was used in contractual dealings as a precursor to money. The clay tablet that described your obligation and the rulers' was as good as it gets to that society.
There is no obligation out there that guarantees 100 dollars of bitcoin value will be there tomorrow. No one will seize assets from anyone to back the value of a Bitcoin because no one has any obligation to it. The market will dictate its instantaneous exchange value and it will be all over the map at the mercy of speculative forces that are playing to corner real money. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:58:59
Sigh. I have relatives that DCA Nortel Networks from 240 dollars to 13 cents. It only cost them 6 million to find out that it is only the economy as a whole that has the rebound power to justify such a strategy. You shouldn't DCA anything that is faddish in price and that go one way down or even cease to exist. The economy is never going away.Huge difference.
@_date: 2018-06-11 13:07:33
To have price discovery you must settle in dollars. To settle in dollars means you are regulated and that accounts must be held. You could limit the time spent in such accounts but the reality is that anything involving money will have a clearance time associated with it to minimize risk. Having your account tied to a bank account allows a measure of security.  Because this is service the people doing it will dictate the terms. As it is now individuals cannot settle anonymously like banks. Exchanges will always exist in order that all this not go completely black. To think that would be allowed to happen is dreaming in technicolor. It would be an open invitation to criminality and exploitation.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:50:44
It's very bad strategy when you buying something that is wildly overpriced and is slowly moving towards its final resting place. Bitcoin will eventually stabilize to a very low price. To exit it will take a new generational frenzy to come along and give a temporary opportunity again. It's exactly as if you had bought every dip when silver was at it's peak in the 80s. You would have waited until the last and most recent frenzy, more than 30 years later, to exit with a profit if you had the common sense to pull the plug.
@_date: 2018-06-26 05:32:42
Oh, you think you are in a trend are you? What is the real significance of patterns? What do they come out of?
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:02:49
The system is flawed because of inequality in that comes from capitalism. The money system works great. In fact it's probably our greatest achievement. You cannot marry it with the philosophy of individualism that is expressed by today's neoliberalism (a political dogma). With enough socialism injected capitalism can work very well for long periods. Greedy individual speculators are what gives us boom and busts.  Those things don't go away with the Bitcoin commodity.
@_date: 2018-06-14 12:48:37
That chart applies only to large markets in things that by definition cannot disappear. Any single commodity in market can behave quite differently since they can cease to trade completely at any given time. Lots of early offerings of some company stocks behaved exactly like that in the first part but then crashed to dissolution or fire sale levels. This is a very good chart to keep in mind for something that tracks the economy perfectly.
@_date: 2018-06-11 11:36:50
Good luck doing that in a strong down trend.
@_date: 2018-06-14 12:57:33
Con men seek to inspire confidence. We are all called upon to be skeptics. Everyone with enthusiasm about Bitcoin ought to be viewed as a con man because his interests lie in your confidence. I notice that all your points are confidence based and that none are of a skeptical nature.
@_date: 2018-06-13 22:22:12
No. Currencies are standard of value with a country and are the only thing that can settle your obligations to government. There is nothing that stops you from trading them as commodities in currency markets. One dollar meets one dollar of obligation at home irrespective of what secondary trading markets inform you about speculator feelings about relative values.
Marx' work is still the best work that has ever been done to objectively describe relationships in capitalism. You won't go to any respectable University and be told it's all garbage, quite the contrary. It's pretty much required reading for anyone who want to understand the economy. The objective descriptions are simple enough for even you to understand. Capital has nothing to do with Marxism if that's what you are alluding to. Marx wasn't a Marxist either. I can tell you must be confused by all this. It's probably a good place for you to start educating yourself about commodities and exchange values.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:40:30
Put it this way. It's not needed as a way to empower individualism. Blockchain is very cool, though. There should be great things to reap for our collective ventures with it if we don't make it out to be just another one of those schemes where people dream of getting ahead of the other by outsmarting him with PR.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:26:58
Just means they were harder to come by. Today money is not rare and some people equate that to a tragedy.
@_date: 2018-06-13 01:44:54
5000 years ago money was clay tablet, which is contract. Money is today still contract. Gold wasn't used in coins/currency until much later and it was not a money as we think of it. It was mainly used to pay tribute like copper or bronze ingots. Gold as money failed in modern times because it was scarce and because it is not distributed equally among nations. Commodity money favors the earlier hoarders of it, the strongest and the imperialists who can seize it by force of military or economy. The very worst qualities of gold are found in Bitcoin. Anyone who would want to design money would want it to be easily created without having to perform any energy demanding work and be of no limited quantity in order to allow for economic expansion without having to purchase it to just name a few important qualities. Fiat represents the highest achievement in money.
I did not say it creates nothing but positive wealth and you know it. I told you it creates both positive and negative. You can, if you want, give everyone a billion dollars by helicopter drop. It will change nothing but the price of things and make the millionaires your equal. Everyone with a billion dollars would make a billion about as meaningful as two months rent.  In fact that is what slow inflation is meant to do. It grows everyone's wealth slowly as it dwarfs older debts. When governments roll over debts they are using an economy that churns out its output at today's rate to pay past borrowing done when the economy was much less productive (in theory). 
There is no mathematical relationship to explain currency exchange rates. If everyone was expanding money furiously in the same fashion nothing would be significantly different because the exchange values are relative to each other. A currency goes up in relation to another one, not in relation to itself. At home a dollar of money keeps settling one dollar of government obligation. That relationship doesn't change. That's why government backed contractual money is so stable. You don't know if Bitcoin will pay next month's rent.
The bond market is a secondary market. A government doesn't need to sell it's obligations if it doesn't want to. It does so to get cash flow instead of raising taxes or cutting spending. It's a good deal for citizens. Don't be a fool and pretend that all this is a cost when it is in fact a windfall. Without this cash flow there would be some serious trading disruptions in the world.
No one can dictate an exchange rate unless they can game currency markets. As I said before there is no economic law that ties any currency price to another. The British currency was once attacked and severely weakened by large enough market players, not economic fundamentals that demanded it. The currency markets are momentum driven speculative commodity markets, not the end result of number crunching and laws.
If the Chinese sell their debt obligations they pocket something in return from the person that buys them. Who is that person? The issuing government is not on the hook for anything new. They still only owe the amount plus yield when due. What is a threat is if China stops buying debt obligations because then you might not be able to generate cash flow that way. You'd own your own debt obligations  and you'd be in need of cash flow which you would get from raising taxes on the private sector (business+ households). If the government won't do that they will offer more yield, and they will eventually find a buyer. The US could go through all that and still not lose currency value relative to many nations. There is simply no causal link. It's whatever investor sentiment feels like.
To answer your last question, it would go the way of the speculators' fancy. Since the US is a world leader in financial gimmickry who knows.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:16:03
Technical analysis is no different than looking for patterns in tea leaves. Nothing has to behave in preordained magical fashion. There is for example not technical analysis indicator for any black swan event. Black swan events are what define the economy in the grand scheme of things. It is the rare and unexpected that truly guides us.in everything else there is just noise that some people use noise analysis theories to model. I know plenty about it buddy.
@_date: 2018-06-26 05:30:41
Bitcoin is a really old idea in a new suit--call a commodity a money system paradigm shift and then extract perceptions of value from it in market trading from people who have no two clues about how money is based in obligation.
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:12:38
Oh, you' ll have to because commodities that trade in markets are not standards of value. For that to be possible it would have to be brought in house by government to function as a way to meet the obligations that it enforces. While this is possible, it represents a nightmare scenario for the Bitcoin crowd who think all this must be decentralized. Having a standard of value is an act of centralization.  Without one you are at the mercy of markets and market behavior. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 13:22:16
Our government is by the consent of the governed. It's not just an arbitrary affair. A citizen accepts his obligation and the government sets it politically. In Sumer it would have sounded like this: you can have land and the means to work it for a portion of your harvest on the threshing floor. A nomad could enter into this arrangement. We get into a similar arrangement. Ours goes like this: if you accept to be citizen you will have a well defined set of protections of your rights and a system of laws will oversee it all. You will be able to deal in the shared obligation of others with money that is politically defined to be the only thing that will settle your obligation. 
If you want to understand why money has value you must understand that it has so out of your obligation. Your fellow citizen's obligation to his government can be monetized and given to you who then owns the exact value of his obligation because that is enforced by law. All the games people play with money are based in a fundamental agreed upon obligation that is not arbitrary. I know what my obligations are. The government let's me know ahead of time what they are. Things like my labor can then be valued by me in accordance with whether or not that is sufficient. Obligation underpins the value of everything that money then prices in a standardized fashion.
Bitcoin has no fundamental obligation attached to it. It could. A government could declare it the only way to settle obligation to it and then it would move into being a standard of value. The problem with that is that this goes against the Bitcoin philosophy of being controlled and centralized. Bitcoin, just like everything else that we are not obliged to partake in trades as a commodity that we value against our standard of value which is government money within a country.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:52:37
That's not my definition. That comes from Marx. He wrote the book on objectively describing the relationships in capitalism in "Capital Vol. 1" in case you need to read it. It's actually the entire world that is busy clouding the definitions so that confusion reigns among simpletons. All these concepts have objective meanings if you want to learn them.
Standard of value is based in common obligation and that is agreed upon by all citizens. Your money gets it's value from taxes and other obligations. When you don't meet them assets are seized from you to make those up. It's all backed by laws we all consent to. That's why money is so stable and powerful.
Bitcoin is backed/guaranteed by nothing. You get what you get in a market exchange tomorrow if you can find one. I'm sorry if that displeases you.
@_date: 2018-06-14 14:42:51
They are private sector realities in capitalism. Is capitalism fair? It can be when it has socialism in its branches. It can appear very unfair when it is laissez faire and allowed to be in the interests of individuals. That's the sort of stuff that is the domain of politics. Money itself does its thing no matter what philosophy we have in prolitics. It doesn't impose a philosophy onto the world. You can do socialist work with money too.
@_date: 2018-06-11 12:26:46
Exchanges must exist for price discovery to occur. Whit out them bid and ask would be impossible to really know with any precision. All transaction would occur with a shortage of information if there was just peer to peer exchange. You can limit your exposure to them by not keeping assets in accounts with them for very long.
@_date: 2018-06-13 02:09:48
That's a deceptive front cover because Bitcoin is nowhere near a money equivalent. It's just a commodity trying to displace other commodities like gold or real estate. 
The question of crypto currency and money relate to whether or not the world governments will eventually adopt their own versions of them to become standard of value. Bitcoin poses no threat to the current standard. No one escapes his obligation by using Bitcoin. In the end they all have to be sold to meet those obligations if money is in short supply. Government already has a perfectly legitimate way to call them all in if it wants them--they would just have to tax you until you sold them for nothing.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:22:32
Money gets its value from obligation. That is not an false view of things. It is how it is. The way countries work is not what you think it is. You must sign on to be a citizen and accept obligations. Those have a value put to them. This is the underlying value of money. It has always been this way. 
In Sumer 5000 years ago, you would have accepted an obligation as a nomad wanting to enter civilization. A piece of land and the means of working it would have been given to you in exchange for a portion of the harvest on the threshing floor. The deal was set in clay tablet which was the first money. It was kept in storage. It represented your obligation to the ruler. The ruler was able to turn to mercenaries and say: for your protection I promise you this much wheat that these obligations that I give to you will guarantee you. That was trading in obligation. You do the same.
The government doesn't care how you come up with the means to meet your obligation, but it puts a price on it. It enforces that obligation so ferociously that all can trade in the clay tablet equivalent that is money.
You may think all this has changed, but nothing has. Money is not commodity in nature, but it can be traded as commodity if one wishes. We do that when we don't simply use money to meet obligations. We trade it to other people with obligations. Bitcoin is a commodity only.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:54:26
Why do you guys bet against well established trends? Wait for a positive trend and stop trying to time a well defined down market with bad sentiment. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 14:00:03
Please stop moving the goal posts. Economy can be defined at any time. You asked me about money. It has a contractual nature that starts when keeping records start. All an economy would have been before is bartering and trade, and that certainly existed. 
Too long are the books that are 18 volumes in length to explain things in great detail. I'm afraid you'll need to read at least a long paragraph to get a sense for it. It's not that hard to do if you want to understand things.
BTW, the Bitcoin trend seems to be riding on anti government sentiment. That right there tells you that it is misguided.  I view it as another failed attempt at Austrian economic thinking. This is Peter Schiff with gold all over again. His view was gold could be worth massive amounts if government money would just crumble. It really is an extreme libertarian dream.
@_date: 2018-06-28 23:47:25
How very contrarian of you.
@_date: 2018-06-27 13:25:41
P2P is how we trade commodities around here. I have a lawnmower for sale. I don't have to sell it to the government for you to buy it. We can also trade for and with any commodities we want. e will value the lawnmower with a standard of value, though. That is money.
Deflationary is a word I think people have 150 meanings for. What you don't seem to understand is that if you allow the existence of Bitcoin as money then you will be able to borrow it in accounts just like fiat, and pay interest for it. People would sprout up who would lend you more Bitcoin than they actually had on the promise you would pay it back with interest, and what would stop them or you to do it in a peer to peer network? Accounting isn't illegal you know. A virtual fiat Bitcoin would be in your account and it would vanish when it as paid back to where it came from. No Bitcoin would end up being created.
Peopel who have crazy dreams of Bitcoin upsetting fiat money don't really understand that money comes out of a double entry bookkeeping system. You borrow money from yourself when you borrow and it is only as temporarily inflationary as your future revenues are. The sum of this borrowing in society may appear to be growing but that is just a mirage. People have limited revenues to be borrowing from, and all this temporary inflated money supply works down to nothing when the debts are paid off, as they must by enforced obligation. Nothing expanded at all when it came into existence and then vanished. It only appears that way for a while.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:53:17
Buy the dip is the holders' strategy that he urges others to use to support the price. It would be simpler to not be in Bit coin and urge everyone to sell it if you really wanted some.to hold is to forever want new buyers to get at least support.
@_date: 2018-06-13 22:32:54
Fiat has nothing to do with anyone's problems. It's simply a non physical form of money. All the problems of global capitalism and inequality have nothing to do with how money works you know. It's a perfectly fine system. How we manage our affairs is at the root of the problems. The problems lie in governance and exactly how we distribute money on this globe. Is the system being gamed? Yes, it is, but that is political. You can cure any inequality with enough good governance. No matter what form of money you opt for some will have mountains more than others because the economy is run like a game of winner take all, not a socially responsible (to everyone) structure. People prefer to have winners and losers it seems. It is easy to have them support that sort of thing when they vote. How they vote is also at the core of why money appears to be problematic. Fools are looking to ride the coattails of those who are gaming the system. The size of the blinders that most wear is breathtaking. That is why we have problems.
When you have a physical commodity as money you are up shit creek without a paddle when it's called in by anyone who wants more than what you claim to possess. France did that to the US and that's why you are not going to ever see a hard commodity as money again. Money exists only when it is borrowed into existence in a perfectly fair world. Each can borrow against his future revenues. That is by far the best way to have it to make sure the world is not full of wars for resources that are poorly allocated (like Bitcoin again).
@_date: 2018-06-27 20:49:48
Not a dollar equals a dollar. A dollar of obligation equals a dollar. A certain amount of "economic work" equals a dollar. That's what you sign up for as a citizen. The price of your obligation is that you must work to have money. Part of another obligation is that you must return it to where it came for the liability part to be canceled out. 
One Bitcoin equals no obligation to me or any other citizen. It is worth whatever the market says it's worth and that will never be quoted in Bitcoins as you allege.
@_date: 2018-06-27 13:00:35
Sorry, no such laws. Patterns are subjective pieces of information. They exist to be experienced and have concepts built -up around them, but they are not real so the pattern cannot be acting on you or anyone else in any physical sense to ensure a predictability of events. One thing that some traders want to believe is that here is a reality one can access with enough knowledge of patterns that appear to be forming in front of their eyes. The obvious problem is scale. You have no way of knowing you are not in some sort of massive pre downturn stage when you are running up for what could just be an instance. Everyone can be wrong in the evaluation game in a market, and events can show up and illustrate this.
@_date: 2018-06-12 19:13:28
You must qualify that by adding "yet". The possibility of there not being regrets has not been defeated by DCA.
@_date: 2018-06-28 14:36:02
There is momentum in such trading. How long that persists is usually defined by specific events. One cannot reason currency trading when it continues to do things based in momentum. A good example of this is when the British currency was being attacked some years ago. The movement can be pushed with more momentum. No one has any interest in trying to overcome momentum it cannot quantify. market participants are guessers.
Currency trading is market based. It isn't based in anyone's obligation to a governing body. People trade foreign money as commodity in these markets to deal with market realities in trading goods. Where money is based, its intent is to give you the means to meet your obligation to your society. It isn't market based. You agreed to this concession by being a citizen. It is the price of admission we can all then put a value to and trade in. There is no market for citizenship where one can weaken the promise of money to meet obligation. In foreign trade countries where the obligations carry no weight are not favored over countries where they do. A lawless county doesn't benefit from great standing.
To understand money you don't start with markets because money starts with governments. Money is standard of value in a specific country. You can't become a standard of value by just trading in a market. Bitcoin has no possibility of ever displacing money unless governments decide to have it as the only way to settle obligation. As it is now you must sell Bitcoin in a market to get some money to meet your obligation. Market participants are guessers.
@_date: 2018-06-14 11:42:43
Bit coin trades within the current system as a commodity. You can still only meet your government obligations in government backed money. Nothing has changed. The fact we can barter in a new way is a development, but we still use government money as standard of value within a country.
@_date: 2018-11-09 08:00:11
Bitcoin has all the undesirable qualities of money, so in a sense tulips are a better form of money.
@_date: 2018-11-23 20:06:36
It's been a very slow orderly retreat. Crashes don't look like this. You' re much likelier to see a bounce when things oversell. In this case it's just that there is no point in holding. Just go and buy it when you want to use it and let the holder pull his hair out worrying about price instability.
@_date: 2018-11-23 19:56:36
Stocks were offering little value and sales to hodlers were highly leveraged.
@_date: 2018-03-19 16:40:32
You are not encouraged to post anything that doesn't have at least a half million dollar future forecast for Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-11-25 19:04:58
Bitcoin would come to br owned by your master and there is nothing you can do to stop it. It would be of limited quantity and therefore you would be in a neo feudal condition of servitude to get it. Infinitely much better to have money be unlimited, not hoardable and of no great use besides meeting government obligations. That encourages people to spend it, which lessens the need to borrow it.
@_date: 2018-11-19 17:58:28
That person would not know the future. He would only think he knows the future. He could succeed at gaining it all and lose his shirt in the process. That's the case then you ought to acknowledge that everything's in the control of gamblers, which is not a point of stability.
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:30:27
It has always had a political sphere operating over the mode of production. Today that is usurped by the role of money in political finance. In America's past capitalism 90% of profits over 250k used to be seized by taxes.s Society was considered to be doing well then, go figure. For most of the good years on the 20th century is was around 70%. Today it is between zero and 15% depending on how much avoidance you can find. That's to say that capitalism has always been moderated by the political sphere to keep it functioning for the wider interests. Those days are gone. The load is increasingly all on households
 now. It started down that road in the 1980s. The private sector has never done better, but the business sector component has seized the largest portion. It's counterpart, households, suffers. You have the same capitalist mode of production with different political thinking. Today both political sides in America are neoliberal branches of a same  ideology about empowering the richest. It,a about the size of the tax concessions to business now. People have to lose their social apparatus to pay for it.
@_date: 2018-11-25 14:52:37
Building wealth isn't the goal of the economy. When the hoarding of wealth is possible there's a problem.
@_date: 2018-11-24 14:30:13
Commodities do have exchange value but it is not well defined. If you needed hammers to pay your taxes then you could value your work in such a way you'd know how many hammers to work for. It takes an obligation to fix the value of a standard that allows the pricing of a commodity.
Divisibility is only a property of the token already in existence. The person with all the Bitcoin is still the person you must turn to to get this fraction. This is not the same as borrowing from yourself at a bank. It's a huge difference. Bitcoin has in it the power to make hoarders incredibly rich and powerful. Faced with that a society would have to fork it or create new versions which again counter the philosophy of Bitcoin.
An employer-worker relationship in Bitcoin  is many more likely to be exploitative because of the secrecy element. Obligations to existing wealth owners would also be weakened. It's the wrong tool to put in the hands of those who we know are already exploring offshore trusts. What one wants is something that is highly visible so proper regulation of it can support our cherished ends of being a society of Laws that apply to everyone.
Money above all must serve the interests of the collective which agrees to collectively applied laws by consent.
@_date: 2018-03-02 17:51:54
"A reserve currency for that economy". What a pile of conflated bullshit. 
There is no crypto economy. There is just the economy as a whole which has various sectors of production. Crypto currencies are competing commodities in a sector. They are all trying to extract exchange value in global exchanges.
There's one global economy backed in no particular government backed universal equivalent of value (except within countries and those pegged to it). One can loosely call the US dollar a reserve currency, but that is not in any way enforced.
@_date: 2018-11-25 18:38:55
Not prices of things produced in the country, and if so only to the degree people have more money. A self sufficient country couldn't care less what another country thinks about its currency. Things only cost more if people have more money or if they cost more to import. The reality of being self sufficient was understood by all major powers. Weak countries are made to stay weak by being reliant of others. If you could buy your food with a currency why would you go first to a currency market and buy at a loss to then buy. Feed yourself first because a foreigner cannot get involved in that. Venezuela did not do that. It had no economic breadth and imported almost everything with money from oil. Bad move. Even well intentioned social action that tries that will get clobbered by foreigners who won't sell for just any old amount of paper that allows no purchase of assets with it. When Venezuela kicked out foreign oil companies it pretty much said: there's nothing here to buy with our money.
The answer is always to look after your own needs first. 
@_date: 2018-11-26 23:50:33
Miners who steal power will thrive. Survival of the least fittest is assured. Lie, cheat and steal is how you get lasting advantage in capitalism. Thanks for contributing Bitcoin into the mix. Like we really needed more secrecy. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 03:50:30
It was always just a commodity.
@_date: 2018-11-25 16:07:21
What are you talking about? You cannot pay property taxes with electronic Bitcoin Credits. You can pay taxes with electronic money credits. Were you under the impression you needed the physical representation? Bottom line is that everyone has obligations that can only be paid in government money. Businesses must pay overhead in cash plus pay obligations in cash. The circular flow of Bitcoin is not possible. All eventual conversions into cash create the need for news holders at the same price. Circular flow not being possible, Bitcoin faces a Ponzi problem of recruiting new holders to support a price.
@_date: 2018-11-23 22:17:06
Looks that way in retrospect.
@_date: 2018-11-24 03:31:52
This is what you guys don't get. A horrific plunge worthy of being called a crash or a bubble bursting is when you wake up and find the value is gone when you had no opportunity to trade--from one close to the next opening. Gaps that just cut prices in half or more have never happened. It's been really slow happening. No one is getting caught off guard without a chance to bail out if wanted.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:35:28
What is this is theft you talk about? Fiat is simply the condition of money not being physically backed. What is being stolen from you when the universal standard of value is one thing and not another? You'd still be subject to taxes and price inflation if money was sea shells, gold or sand. What is standard is irrelevant. It's actually incredibly smart to not have a standard that has to be mined, that has scarcity or that can be hoarded. You can forever borrow against your future income that way. You don't need to wait for someone to mine a couple of pounds of gold to compete for it in a commodity market.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:20:00
It's a misplaced distrust. Capitalism is the problem and the incentives are skewed, doing societal damage.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:23:06
Having money disappear if not used is actually a very desirable property. If Bitcoin expired or lost its value in a time dependant way as it was recreated it would achieve so many of the goals it seems to want to address. Capital must flow in capitalism. That is why you see this very slow bias towards money losing its buying power. It's a pressure to act with it and have it flowing. Hoarders would disagree.
@_date: 2018-11-19 18:01:56
No one has knowledge. Only the very ballsy profess to have it. Sometimes that is all that is needed to have a suggestion be accepted. Confidence impresses suggestible people into accepting suggestions. We' re here today because lots of people have accepted lots of suggestions without any knowledge of the future.
@_date: 2018-11-26 23:44:55
Out of the frying pan, into the fire.
@_date: 2018-11-25 18:20:33
To the citizen within a country there is no inflation. The currency still meets the obligation at the same rate. The inflation you talk about only matters outside the borders. If Venezuela was a country that was self sufficient it could simply default and continue to be self sufficient. You say that it's not the citizen's responsibility but it is. He is the only one who can elect his government and demand that onerous political practices stop. The Venezuelan problem exist in many places and until citizens put van end to the political abuses they are going  to suffer. There is no form of money that side steps that. Like I said you are focused on the individual that may own Bitcoin already' but that is irrelevant to the larger problem. There is no painless way out for them and for us when we face the same thing. Eventually onerous debt owners must be forced to take their losses or forgive the debt.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:20:06
That's only something that can be achieved politically. Capitalism is not ever going to reform itself, because there is no objective way it arrives to that conclusion in that mode of production. We have lost the battle of trying to impose the political onto the capitalist world. It has bankrolled and created its institutions (neoliberalism) to fight its public relations battles. Competing institutions have been eliminated. A more acute recipe for capitalism has ensued since the 1970s in the West.
Verticality is a wonderful concept, but the idea of a profit extracting motivation is wrong. To tweak things a bit is a kind of recognition that we would accept the harm that capitalism does to our world if we could only share in its profits a bit more. That thinking was for the 1950s when the scale of human population was still barely manageable. Today, we need something that is much more about using resources most efficiently. That means, in not so many words, making sure no one is paying $100for a pair of jeans that cost $2 to produce.
Not before all of us recognize that we ought to be motivated by our shared obligation will we arrive at a way to not abuse the world and the people in it. People already serve their countries out of obligation and feel good about it. If everyone did, huge efficiencies could be created. It would not be long before we had in place a system where production carried not that much human obligation. Sustainability will never come out of a search for ever flowing profits. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:51:55
No they are not. The size of the debt in relation to the economy is pretty stable, and it is shrinking in many places. It does that while growing, which is what trips up people. 1 trillion in government debt is actually one trillion in private sector wealth. To be able to grow debt is a statement of how affluent we are as a society. If it doesn't feel that way it's because that private sector wealth is divided between a business sector and households. One has been raking in the dough while the other has been asked to shoulder more and more. Everything the government spends into existence is a gift to their private sector. If it had no debt and you were seriously hurting that would be near to a criminal act because it has the ability to spend money into existence to bring on beneficial economic activity with the flow of money. Price inflation is where it is. If a fool will pay more for his Kraft Dinner because he loves the convenience it matters not one bit how much government spending there is. Taxation is obligation and the rich are avoiding theirs at your expense. The government spends to support everyone in schemes that ought to bring on money flow, but they rarely do as capitalists have moved away from hiring people to do work.  With growing automation and cheaper costs to corps you still get higher prices.
@_date: 2018-11-27 00:10:20
He's been working to destroy the value of money by weakening tax obligation ever since he's been active in politics. I had to look up what I suspected here, he's a Republican with Libertarian leanings. What a bone headed move that will end up costing Ohioans. He may want to accept Bitcoin, but he will have to sell it to get money to pay his obligations. Ridiculously, he is claiming more transparency from more secrecy in the economy. It's almost comical to read. These people can't help themselves. They are just really ignorant at the core, and this is why we lurch from problem to problem as the private sector sucks the living juices out of governments and leaves a trail of monumental debt behind. How can his State even hedge against this bet?
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:10:49
It created it and failed to respond properly. It made a mistake, and it repeated it again two or three times. It did not make it again in 2008. I'm in no way saying they are flawless in their approaches. Some of their beliefs are actually based on approximations of our economy being in static balance. Many of their approaches are based on nudging the economy back into apparent equilibrium. Because economy is a dynamic system of dependent variables it is truer to look at it as a chaotic system with islands of stability from which it can violently swing. That is why Federal reserve action will never always work. The science of studying the complexity in economics has been taken up by NeoKeynsian economists, but they are not mainstream. They have some things to tell us about our apparent stability that central bankers would not like, mainly that there are real troublesome realities with running an economy on personal credit when there are no widespread wage gains to underpin that.
@_date: 2018-11-23 18:48:38
I'm from a scientific background. I am also a big History buff. Before Bitcoin ever became mainstream I spent a great deal of time educating myself about the history of economic thought in order to have some basic objective understanding of what is going on in the global financialized economy with modern money flows in terms of very basic concepts. I'm pretty certain a lot of people had this reaction after 2008. To understand what money is one must know where the concept comes from in order to see what, if anything has ever changed. To be able to talk about it you need to be able to understand the relationships mediated in money.
I think opinions are related to thoughts. We are wise to not always believe our thoughts because we really don't originate them to a large degree. A lot of what we think we know has come to us via suggestion. A long time ago very intelligent men attacked the study of economics with a very empirical approach based in observation. That has largely been cast aside to the point where a lot of people think the whole thing has fundamentally changed and is actually a casino or a game you win via outsmarting someone. That's probably because the financial sector of the economy works that way now. But that sector is not the economy. When people say that the system doesn't work any more, I see that as a statement about the success of the financial sector of the economy to game things for certain specific interests. Money still works marvelously well as long as we can maintain the fundamental obligations we have that make it such a reliable standard or value. Today wealth accumulators benefit from secrecy and obligation avoidance. That distorts the definition of our standard of value.
@_date: 2018-11-09 08:05:04
If that's the answer what was the question? Have you ever heard of a concept called scale?
@_date: 2018-11-25 19:24:49
We had to leave the gold standard and we would have to leave Bitcoin. Leave it now and save your time cuz we' ve been there before.
@_date: 2018-11-19 21:04:15
It's everyone's starting point because the concepts are defined there objectively. I'm not aware anyone ever refuted those conceptualizations with their subjective take. If a commodity is not something that trades in a market then let me know. I'm not the originator of all that. 
@_date: 2018-11-23 17:25:56
Some of the properties you name there are things that are heavily against it ever working. Limited quantity is completely against it. Money has to be able to expand in quantity with expanding economies. The reason the US went off the gold standard was because there was no circular flow of money back to the US during the Vietnam war years. The US was originating money, spending it into Asian French banks via the military and having the money come back in the form of demands for Gold which it did not have. The scarcity proposition is exactly why gold was abandoned as a terrible idea. Fiat works so much better because no one has to mine it to go and buy any of it from existing holders.
In the words of Michael Hudson, who I think said it best, Bitcoin will never work to be stable money because it is ultimately a way to skirt obligation via secrecy. It is akin to thinking we can have a functioning economy in the rich offshoring their money in trusts to avoid obligation to the economies that allow the profit making.
The most necessary quality of money is that it be underpinned by obligation and that is why libertarians hate the idea of money as we have it. Those who have it want it to go up in value by simply holding it (by not performing any useful economic work). Money as hard asset is not ever going to be stable because it isn't a standard of value. The only thing that can make it be a standard of value is obligation.
@_date: 2018-11-25 19:15:56
How do you outbid your competitor and how would you force him to pay you a minimum wage? You'd be up shit creek with no money and no way to get it. I can assure you that work slavery would not be far behind if you kept valuing Bitcoin above everything else then.
It's a gimmick that is trying to capture some really entrenched sentiments of extreme right wing libertarianism that are flourishing in the world as a response to capitalism's dirty aspects. Bitcoin is as much a symptom of a disease in thinking as Trump is. That's not to say the technology isn't going to be useful for collectives who will manage it without secrecy. Good luck in trying to overthrow the world order by offering it more ways of keeping secrets.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:03:27
This is a fundamental flaw in your thinking that fails to consider the effect of scale, call it class in terms of human populations. On the lowest economic scale an individual enters his exchanges from a position of need or obligation. For that person there is no choice that is not: live or die. Those who live are coerced into exchanges by their biology. To live he may suffer great indignity and know it. What is called utility by an economist is actually based in someone's, somewhere, necessity. On a different scale it's all about personal choice. You might prefer a blue coat, but we cannot just look at it that way. hat is focusing on a single irrelevant scale where consumers have means and great freedom of choice.
Capitalism does not exist without a value extraction proposition. If there is no profit there is no exchange, as you say. What is there to extract from someone that has nothing? There is still labor value to extract. If you cannot sell to him you can at least extract something that will help you in your exchanges with those with whom you can exchange with. 
In capitalism value flows in the direction of profits through the exchange of money. Value can be created and it can be moved. It's not conserved. The amount of money in the economy could be conserved, though. What is extracted from populations is socially needed labor time to produce commodities that have utility value and exchange value. Utility value will have to be at least equal to the cost of the socially needed labor time for a profit to exist. On top of that an exchange value premium often rides to allow profits to be greater than just a bit over break even. Some capitalists manage to get $100 bucks for a pair of jeans they pay $2 to produce. Most of the profit in this exchange is a value premium that is completely subjective. A fool may pay a subjective exchange value premium to get his feels from wearing those jeans. That's a value that gets extracted from psychologically altering perceptions, perhaps. It was never there to begin with and it may not be there tomorrow. It is just as useful to seize money of limited quantity as anything more pressing to another soul.
The original sentence you quoted there is not an exaggeration. Unfettered Capitalism is about finding/creating value anywhere it can find it, extracting it in the form of profit and using it over many iterations to get more of of it. It's a cumulative process. The very natural march of capitalism pushes value extraction in the direction of the owners of the means to profit. There is zero in capitalism that looks after problems of scale or need, redistribution or what happens to the different classes.  Those things are political in our world. Beginning in 1970, neoliberlism (the political wing of unfettered capitalism) has taken over in the West to ensure profits remain in the hands of those who use them to acquire more of those profit giving schemes. There certainly is a lot being lost by a lot of people as capitalism does its thing. The deficit will be seen in the social component that was never properly valued in exchanges. If all the trees get cut in providing homes to an affluent class a great social lost ensues that was never priced in to any transaction. Capitalism doesn't care about that. It is objectively only interested in flowing value.
There's a very good reason why capitalism doesn't work in the long run. It has bad concentration properties that lends itself to allowing control of the political sphere. When we have lost the political we are completely at the mercy of a few and we find ourselves hoping for benevolent dictators. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:49:52
There are no mainstream economists that are Austrian today. I don' t know where you would go to study it as anything but a historical footnote.
Economics is not a science but it uses mathematical tools that are the product of our scientific achievement. The tools to model complex dynamic systems came out of the 1970s. At that point philosophy was displaced as a pillar of belief by economists that could model the complex system of dependant variables to get an understanding of the whole economy. It serves engineers, meterologists and whoever else in in the business of understanding complexity.
Austrian economic thinking is pretty simplistic. It views men as fundamentally greedy and accumulation schemes as desirable. The reason gold is so loved by them is that it is hordable. They have the hardest time justifying hoarding fiat currency. Libertarians gravitate to this because of a common desire to have and to hold for themselves what they view as theirs.
@_date: 2018-11-19 20:51:35
You can only tap value in exchange markets or else create it by obligation. Bitcoin offers one, and government money the other.
@_date: 2018-11-22 09:48:37
The value of money is pegged to your obligation within a country. If your obligation in taxes is x and you do not pony up, x in value will be taken from you. This common obligation we have gives money it's value because we understand how much obligation we do have, which we can then value our labor with.I don't think people understand the mechanism by which our obligations give value to our standard of value. Money that only has exchange value is free to be priced any way one wants. That's what you get in foreign exchange where there are no obligations, just markets. Money within a country loses its meaning and value when obligations disappear. The rich who pay no tax must have those who do have these obligations in order that the means to meet obligations be desired. It is why obligation is worked always in the direction of falling on the masses' shoulders.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:07:32
People still value tulip bulbs. The market in them never went away because the hype vanished.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:05:03
No one owns any dollars they earned in 1903. In fact, if you are a good capitalist your money is always flowing. This graph shows us how stupid it is to hoard things.
One dollar still meets one dollar of government obligation. What the graph doesn't show is how much you get for your dollar from your government that can float huge money supply for the private sector today with sales of debt instruments at insanely low yield. That one dollar of obligation you pay today still covers everything people had in 1913, and so much more. We are insanely more affluent because of central banks, and we are allowed easy access to our future salaries with cheap credit.
@_date: 2018-11-19 16:05:10
There's a really strong suggestion that exists from mindfulness teachers that urges us to not believe our own thoughts. When we can see them for what they are and not believe them we start to be able to see how it is we come to have them. Do you ever question why it is you have these thoughts about the future?
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:59:38
Shine the light. There's nothing wrong with making people think.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:38:32
Regulate means there will be a system of exchanges that will keep track of money flows so no one can just break every damn law out there by dealing in Bitcoin as if it is a government money equivalent.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:22:26
Just goes to show money is flowing out because the market cap is shrinking. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:41:45
You cannot control the business owner's need for cash. His taxes must be paid in cash.
@_date: 2018-11-25 17:51:46
The Venezuelans are not being punished by banks. They are being punished for having taken debts denominated in us dollars by institutions that peddle such debts to poor countries. The problems there are related to money as commodity. As soon as you need someone else's and you only have your own to buy it you are facing the Bitcoin predicament of having to pay more for what someone else has. The onerous nature and porosity of politics is what allows populations to be exploited. Money is not the problem. Bitcoin is not their solution either since it still takes valuable assets to buy it. It only appears ad a solution to someone who already has it. That situation is no different than owning US dollars. The economic problem is how to get commodities from the exterior to starving people. Foreign nations will not oblige because they understand that the debt holders aren't about to forgive the debt that cannot be paid. Venezuela will have to sell itself to the rich and that is all. Individual transactions in Bitcoin don't protect themselves from that now. Let that be a warning to countries who borrow in another's currency that they may see become in short supply when their currency is piled on against in currency exchange markets. Keep your focus only on the large scale problem.
@_date: 2018-02-07 07:18:19
No. If you get a loan you are borrowing from yourself. A note is created on the lender side and you get a credit to your account. The two balance out. No money is created in any lasting sense. 
Credit is dished out by the private sector in accordance with their capitalist intentions of making profit. The government has no guaranteed mechanism by which it can stop a private lender from issuing you a credit.
Money could be given outright to everyone if government wanted it. In fact, it's about to happen if some places where basic living incomes are going to be rolled out. That sort of thing doesn't sit well with people who like hierarchy and inequality to provide them with cheap labor.
@_date: 2018-03-19 16:32:44
All energy use generates a 30% Carnot inefficiency. This closed biosphere that we have can only support a set amount of energy use before the waste energy component of heating would boil off the oceans (irrespective of greenhouse gas contributions). That was studied by the Club of Rome in the 1970's, with an ensuing outlook for our tech future. Think of stuff like this being done on the moon where there isn't a precious biosphere that stands to suffer from exponential technological expansion (has been a pretty consistent 2.3% compounding rate since 1650). 
@_date: 2018-11-09 18:59:44
It doesn't address anything about that.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:09:27
He used it to buy pizza.
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:33:35
If it bothers you that people are selling then you are in it for speculative gain. If you like Bitcoin use it when it offers an advantage but don't hold it. By now you must realize there's advantages to holding the money that everyone accepts as stable.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:12:38
That's really sophisticated. Any idea by what mechanism a commodity becomes universal standard of value? You' all wait a very long time. Fiat money is the best thing you can have as money. The cure to what ails you lies in moving away from capitalism. It's capitalists you begrudge and it's  their schemes to profit that you abhor. They will come to exploit crypto currencies against your interests too.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:07:23
There's psychological knife that cuts both ways with speculators. On one hand they do not sell because they are afraid of not participating in a gain, which was the entire point of the speculation. To ask them to take a loss or to cap small gain that was once bigger strikes many as being preposterous. Better to risk everything and possibly lose everything is the philosophy at work here. Throwing caution into the wind is what it means to be in it to become wildly rich by merely taking chances. 
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:34:51
Growth is not possible when capitalism stops. No profit=no capitalism. You could have as many possibilities as you can name and nothing would happen in our cherished way of having things if someone could not be motivated to do something for a profit. That's how we are trained to think. During the Depression people starved because of a lack of capitalism, not of possibilities.
With capitalism you need ever growing ways to extract profits. If there is no way to pay it is calamity for the poor, and ultimately the rich. We faced that globally in 2008 and we are lucky that people did not revolt to destroy our institutions because capitalism needed to be reset or else people would have starved in a homeless condition. This is the true nature of our predicament. We are not smart enough to exchange without a profit motive in a such a way that everyone is looked after out of our collective obligation. In fact, I think we' d rather all die watching ourselves die than to admit that this way of having things is obscene. It will lead to our demise via the environmental route. We' ll not be able to cope with it economically with our capitalism.
@_date: 2018-02-08 04:45:29
Gold was once accepted by government to settle obligations to it. It was once hard money. It isn't that today. Today money is fiat,which is just as real in contractual value, and that is the very best kind of money we can have because it requires no energy expenditure to generate it, it is never scarce and it cannot be hoarded into becoming worth more than its agreed upon face value. Commodities can, and that is why they are not good candidates for being money. We learned this lesson years ago, yet, people still think that this is a desirable thing for whatever reason.
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:43:58
You need to inform yourself and stop making a fool of yourself publicly.  When has insulting people ever worked? You have lowered yourself to trying to character assassinate people and winning public relations battles. That may work to garner votes but it is no equivalent for you to claim higher ground for your views. Tell me what money is if it is not the representation of your obligation? What you trade in is the fundamental obligation in money. It's government backed contract is what makes it standard of value. You're probably of the opinion it has value just because we accept it. If fact we legally commit to it when we agree to be citizens. Failure to meet your tax obligations will mean your assets will be seized from you. That's the strong guarantee of value of government money. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 18:21:00
The relationships are between commodity-value-money. These are objective concepts. An economist can describe the relationships without opinion. That is what pisses off the Bitcoin crowd who demand that opinion must be present so they can have a say.
At the end of the day there's a clear reason why a commodity behaves the way it does. The relationships around value and money are no different than with any other commodity either. it will boil down to utility (and competition) and what ever increasing premium people are will to pay for the right to deal in what will come to be no more than a brand name. 
An economist can easily show you how the exchange value tends to disappear over time with competition and how the remaining component of value is nothing other than the average cost to produce a bitcoin over the entirety of the bitcoin outlay. It is why shovels come to cost not a whole lot more than what it costs to make one. You can talk all you want about the qualities of your shovel, but it will not get you much exchange premium over the utility value.
That sort of thing is absolute water to the fire of hype, and no one holding wants to hear it.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:32:18
It probably looks that way in all expansive advances of offerings that are faddish. Can we see the graphs of the things that have started out like this and gone all to hell? I am thinking of sure things like Pets.com.Everyone loves their pets you know, and over 8% of households have pets that they will want to buy stuff for. It's so much more convenient to buy pet supplies online too. 
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:58:50
What's the demographic make-up of teenagers in the US? 
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:49:36
We' ll run out of commodities in the never ending quest to do exchanges.  Not until everything that can be commodified and have exchange value extracted from it by an owner is exhausted will it stop. Capitalism cannot stop itself from exhausting all schemes to profit. The extractive flow of value can never stop even in the face of real limits. When profits cease to flow there is economic seizure. Milton Friedman famously said once--now that we are on this path there is no turning back. That is true as long as we retain our capitalist philosophies.
@_date: 2018-11-23 19:58:42
Bitcoin hasn't crashed yet. That's why it is not a good idea to call it a bubble yet. Give it time.
@_date: 2018-11-19 20:09:45
Technology only ever gets you to the next scale of problems. It is never an end solution. There is nothing in all this that changed the objective concepts around money. Bitcoin always fit firmly inside the existing definition of a commodity traded in a market. Exchange value is decide by exchanges in markets when it is not imposed by obligation. Government money imposes its value onto the country where it is standard. Bitcoin could be incredibly useful and still be cheap because it has no way to impose itself on anyone as an immutable standard of value. Government can control the value of its money by controlling obligations paid in that money, which then trickles down into the price of everything else. You can suggest to a market that it ought to pay for a commodity like Bitcoin but it has no reason to believe it if it can just flip it to use it. The commodity itself doesn't need much exchange value for you to use it. No one will pay a premium for the privilege of access to a means of transacting where there is no benefit most of the time. Secrecy was overvalued, and so was the skirting of obligation that makes our societies work. You'd have to be gambling against the successes we have achieved. They are formidable. They have allowed the conjuring up of ideas like Bitcoin from our rapid growth in affluence. Bitcoin is no better as money; it's just commodity.The smart bet was to invest in books that lay out the objective concepts that define capitalism in open markets. From that you may have had the right perspective to question some suggestions being made.
@_date: 2018-11-24 03:25:12
A person cannot be swayed from things that are objectively defined. That means they are free from interpretation.
The value of a commodity is its instantaneous exchange value in a market transaction. Money within a country is a standard of value, not a commodity. The value of the money is not defined by the technology with which it is represented in any way. The value is based in the obligation, purely. It is the only thing that settles obligations to government.
There are no arguments to push a commodity into the position of standard of value. It doesn't get there by arbitrary choice either. Governments would have to adopt crypto-money as their token, which is something that Bitcoin adherents see as completely destructive to the proposition. That tells you from what philosophical direction it comes from.  It suggests no oversight or obligation and plenty of secrecy, but there is not a world of shared responsibility without these things. Like any commodity it can be hoarded and that is the worst quality of all. No one can hoard fiat. No one has to turn to an existing holder of money in order to borrow from his future earnings. There is an endless supply of it that is at all stops backed by obligation. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 14:58:53
Wall Street is about making money skimming transactions, not in killing anything it can skim from. Bitcoin is just going the way of all manias. Sadly, Wall Street wasn't it early enough to profit greatly. Volumes are really low in the secondary markets they try and profit from.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:38:57
Capitalism and the private sector would not hold if it wasn't for the guarantees and protections government have in place for it. All that we have is government based. Over 87% of the financial sectors profits are derived directly from government concession. The other 13% is indirectly derived from it. Bemoan government at you own risk. Where there are weak ones, or none, we see the abject insanity of the chaos that ensues. The call is always for better government.
@_date: 2018-03-02 17:58:16
What are you having your revolution against? It's not capitalism. You'd be hard pressed to show anyone what you are upsetting here? Bankers stand to grow their profits from all this buying and selling of new commodities.
The revolution has not yet arrived. I assume you think it will arrive when you cash out and revolutionize what it is to be a capitalist who cashes in on extracting some exchange value from someone else. 
How we buy and sell consumer goods is not revolutionary. If it is, tell me what has been upset in our world.
@_date: 2018-11-19 19:45:03
As long as success was measured by how much fiat you could get for selling your Bitcoin the game's end was known. It's all about owning what is standard of value.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:12:57
All of it is backed by a legal promise to pay it back, which is more that can be said about the money that is spent buying Bitcoin.
Government debt is private sector wealth. If it was government wealth we were talking about it would be money not in the hands of people. Which do you prefer, a government flush with cash and a starved private sector or a private sector flush with cash and a government that rolls over its debt at low yield? That debt can be so high is a testament to how good the private sector has it. Trump just piled on 5 trillion more in debt to help the private sector make its profits.
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:37:45
Most of the profit is turned right back to government. I don't think people realizes this. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 19:13:12
There's only capitalism and how it works objectively in its relationships of commodity-value-money (without opinion).
People who come to me saying my opinion is wrong assume my opinion is included in that. It isn't. The sooner the people who are participants in capitalism take the time to look at it objectively the sooner they will realize that the thing they are professing to be fighting with their crusader mentalities are not what is giving them a raw deal in the word. Our prospects are progressively getting worse, not because of centrally controlled governments, but because exchange value is being extracted more and more from us for things that were not being squeezed before.
Consider the internet. What has objectively changed in people's lives in their capitalist exchanges? Almost everyone has been saddled by one additional exchange value extraction proposition. In the capitalist relationship more people are subject to be paying this new emergent exchange value for this new commodity. Where this value ends up is exactly where all value ends up--in the hands of a few at the top. What people everywhere gain is mostly subjective (feels good), although some do use the internet as a tool to try and make a hustle too. The winners in economic terms are not the users. They get something subjective from it. The internet experience feels wonderful one day and and then fades away to nothing the next. It's not lasting. We have to pony up to experience the subjective experience over and over.
This is the story of bitcoin too. It's another layer of funneling of an exchange value in the direction of the top of the pyramid. Somewhere in there are people who stand to be intermediaries in the capture of exchange value. Nothing has changed except someone is paying more for something going forward. Lots of early adopters here see that as a good thing, but it's just more of the same old capitalism.
Bluntly put, why should anyone pay for Calvin Klein jeans if they are made for 50 cents and sold for a $100?  What is paid for is subjective (the feels you get from it). Why would anyone pay more or want to pay more for Bitcoin? Why would they not want a better offering free from any feel good story?
This is not upsetting government. It is not transforming our world into a libertarian paradise. It is one more commodity for capitalists to extract value from. The narrative here is that people ought to have great feels for using Bitcoin. It they do they might pay a premium to a guy holding some. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:31:23
You are contractually areeing now to pay a price for a commodity down the road. Oil futures are used by refiners to lock in prices when they feel there are good profit making propositions that they can be happy with.
Options are different because they give you the option to buy or sell at a certain price.
@_date: 2018-03-30 18:05:15
It is nothing but psychological manipulation. Most of it is self inflicted. The desire to just believe is a form of self delusion. Belief will never make this work better because long term long lasting adoption is almost entirely governed by obligation. As long as people are not obliged to consume the Bitcoin commodity if will fluctuate all over the map lie any other traded commodity.
@_date: 2018-11-26 23:58:12
You do understand what algorithms need to do when that line is breached, right? I can show you a chart of RSI that stays flat  like that for a very long time. It's not necessarily a quick move up. This sort of technical analysis is voodoo anyway. It means nothing. It suggests patterns that you are conditioned to respond to.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:26:20
Business needs cash flow. A portion of all Bitcoin usage goes back into cash, which is promoting sells.Since all your holdings get priced in the latest transaction you can instantaneously drop the value of your holdings much more than the price of a pizza if that business sells it to get the only thing it can use to pay its obligations. Sooner or later a business somewhere will need cash from it. The Ponzi nature of the requirement for new holders means you must forever find a buyer for a sale, and he must agree to pay the same price or else everyone's Bitcoins are instantaneously repriced lower.this circular cash flow requirement is at the core of what countries pursue also. If you don't have that you have account deficits and your currency tanks. Countries that are stable have good circular flow. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:15:04
Austrian economics were made irrelevant by Karl Lorenz' discovery of the basic concepts behind the science of complexity around the time of Hayek's death. Hayek's hocus pocus about it being impossible to objectively understand systems with many dependant variables (like the economy) led him to put his belief in a way of thinking that used subjective notions as objective realities. One of his greatest blunders was that we could never understand the economy as a whole and that indivual choice extrapolated to mass behaviors was the best way to do this. That completely neglects realities that are true on the individual scale and false on the larger. Individuals may choose to act one way but someone interested in population scale relationships cannot disregard things like externalities to individual exchanges that end up affecting the larger economy. Austrian economics is for simpletons and libertarians today, basically the people obsessed with themselves. Gold is a terrible universal standard of value. It has all these terrible properties like being hoard able and in limited supply, not to mention that a few nations can source it in any quantity. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:07:52
Thank you for being open to hearing my reply. I am truly trying to be objective here. Crypto currency isn't going away. Its too good of a proposition. Bitcoin isn't going to be the best version of it, though. The reason is because it is just commodity. Government has the ability to mandate a cryptocurrency be universal standard of value. In that case there is no hoardable scarcity and no need to pay an exchange premium to access that.  Just like I do not face the proposition of having to buy a $10 bill for $20 dollars in an exchange before shopping, it removes a level of value creation/extraction that is not beneficial.
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:27:36
Opinion about the nature of the relationships in capitalism has no place. They can be mapped out objectively. We could argue to no end about whether or not people will forever pay more for bitcoin at the exchange level because that is subjective and related to how people feel about doing it. If you want to argue with me that is is smart to brand my jeans as Calvin Klein and try to extract a premium that needs not be charged by a really slick hustle, then we could argue all day about that being unforeseeable. Really slick narratives can succeed for a long time to suck value out of people. Objectively speaking I am only interested in talking about the relationships within capitalism. Exchange value can go away all at once with a single better option. I can point to a better option objectively and what that means is that overtime Bitcoin will go towards its utility value which is not much more than its production value. Radios have, computer's have...all commodities go this route unless competition is eliminated.
@_date: 2018-11-22 09:53:42
The nation/state is built on collective shared obligation. If it failing today it is because of the skirting of obligation. That is ultimately what destroys the value of money. When no one is forced to use a form of money what will be in its place will have all sorts of unstable properties that are market specific.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:24:45
It's a citizenship contract that both parties are in on. A country gets an economic engine in exchange for all that a country extends to you in the way of rights and freedoms. If it wasn't for that you would be stuck trying to uphold whatever right or freedom you thought you had by simple birthright.
It basically says: you are one of us, enjoy the membership perks. You do, however, trade away your natural free man status. It's seen as great deal by civilized people.
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:58:09
Hold and watch the value go to zero. That's what the graph says. If you are a capitalist, buy low and sell high and spin all the stories you can to hustle people into buying what you have. That's exactly what give us the problems we have in our world. That it would also work for Bitcoin is proof that there's nothing new here. It's just a hustle like so many others. That's not saying it can't work. Many hustles do work for an extended period of time. Over time the ability to profit from them wanes.
@_date: 2018-11-22 10:04:15
It is standard of value. How can it lose its value? Over time the growth of the quantity of money has been mirrored in the price of the assets I own. Since I held no money over the last ten years and I resold my house for 125% more than I paid I can assure you that what you see as the loss of the value of money isn't that. The one dollar I bought with is worth $2.25 now that I have it back. See, the money wasn't real in itself, it was just the standard by which assets were priced. People make the mistake of thinking money is more real than assets when it is just a way to value them. If you hold bills as assets then you are holding paper/polymer and it will likely be more common later' so less useful to buy assets.
@_date: 2018-03-01 16:35:28
It has a use value and it has an exchange value. If it were the only game in town a case for high use value could be made.  If it was openly available to use in a condition of complete non scarcity it would not carry much of an exchange value premium. Both will come to be assaulted by competitors. A simple example of this is a government backed crypto currency from a powerful sovereign nation. It would muscle out competitors by nature of having stable value and assured uses (they could meet government obligations) and it would not have exchange value premium within a country (you could trade it to get relative value with another country's currency).
What I think doesn't give it value in any way except in the single case where I exchange any, decide my asking price and get it. You don't have to respect and trust my market information, though.
@_date: 2018-11-26 14:57:49
There is no market for the setting of a standard of value. It gets defined by the sum of your obligations. You know how hard you must work to meet them and this what gives the standard value in the real world.
Everything else is a commodity trading in a market. In fact, a standard of value will trade as a commodity in a currency exchange market. The standard is only standard within a country unless it is adopted elsewhere. The US dollar is as close to a Universal standard but even it trades with large fluctuations at times.
You're correct in saying that a gov. could adopt a crypto currency of its own. The original Bitcoin architects' vision for Bitcoin was to express that in the hands of government it would be a terrible thing. These are the libertarian philosophical views that have come with Bit coin that is pushed as a decentralized solution, which is free from central oversight. Decentralized is equal to individualistic in terms of philosophical leaning.  Individualism is the counterpart of socialism in Capitalism. Individualism is already what we struggle with in terms of allocation of wealth, and Bitcoin promises more of the same secrecy and wealth hoarding features that dog us with offshore trusts that manage very well in getting the super rich avoiding their obligations. The weakness of the obligation against some capital means the capital that is households is actually facing  larger obligation. The poor value money more than the rich and that is why we see these folks have a crap on golden toilets and squeezing salaries. People without money value it.
@_date: 2018-11-25 14:49:30
Peaked against what. The exchange value of a US dollar is always fluctuating against other commodities if you treat money as a commodity. This article doesn't tell you what is about to peak to dwarf the US dollar and why. Is it coconut coir? Are people going to suddenly decide to hold beeswax? Please tell me.
@_date: 2018-02-12 19:58:53
That's typically what people with set thinking do. They don't ever bother looking at arguments that would question their set beliefs. There's nothing there that is threatening to people who want to understand things. It's only threatening to people want other things believed. I encourage people to read this and discuss it.
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:00:14
It's concessions. At one point government decided it would charter the right for some men to have banks for the social good. It worked. The capitalism that ensued did not work, but that's a different story. It used its benefit to buy the political sphere to concentrate wealth, making a mockery of our initial social motivations.
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:00:22
You guys are killing me. Exchanges are the place you go to in order to get the money you really dream of making from this tulip mania. Everyone else is just selling you shit in barter.  The regulation of Bitcoin will happen at the exchange level where money flows can and will be followed.
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:52:40
There is no necessary repeat cycle for anything, especially not in trading. The notion of cyclical repeatability is at the core of really bad assumptions made by technical analysis. Things don't follow discernable patterns. If they did everyone and their dog would have learned that lesson already and we'd all be rich.
@_date: 2018-11-22 10:35:35
Right, but that's speculative. You don't get more value out of doing a transaction at any given point because you are trading it at its value then.  What you can tap is a speculative gain.
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:57:03
The loan gets paid back by obligation. If you mean retiring the debt that will never happen because it would be counterproductive. When you pay tax and it is returned to government you could assume that the money was used to retire the obligation the government created when it spent the money into the economy in the first place. If it did it would have to turn around and repeat the creation process anew when it had to spend. Instead of retiring debt it just let's the money be used in day to day operations. In a sense all debt is paid over and over and it is instantly recreated. The existence of it is not a negative because it could always be dealt with by seizing wealth and paying it off, but why do that and then inherit no cash flow in your capitalism? All the perceived evils of money come from poor distribution schemes that are political, not economic. The debt is fine as long as it does societal good. To simply drive the rich to newer heights is not desirable. I always warn people to moderate their capitalism well with government that spends to do social good.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:00:00
Good luck to them. Steve Bannon had such dreams.
@_date: 2018-11-26 23:53:48
Trump is doing that to Canadians who work in the pot industry. This is not worse than McCarthyism my American friends. Have a clear look at what it used to be in your own country when social conformity was being imposed. The American example was much worse. They walked into Universities and read off lists of all those who were out of a job then. China is late to this party.
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:43:54
The market price reflects the sale price of the last trade. That was the case when it was 20k. That last sale price never tells you what the value of all commodities brought to market would be. I consider this a price guide fallacy. To accept the suggestion of value is accepting certainty when there is none.
@_date: 2018-11-27 15:01:23
So bankers are evil because they are good people dealing in evil money? The problems with capitalism have been understood and written about for a long time. You can lie, cheat and steal and that will work fine if there is no downside. How is that money's problem. Money is objective. It cares not what you do with it. It is there to function as way for everyone to price commodities in exchanges. Most of our problems are attributable to individualists having weaselled their way from capitalist scheming into government where policy is allowing grand larceny. Was capitalism flavoured with socialism instead of individualism, and were crimes in money to be punished as they ought to, you'd find that money as it is serves you very well. Nothing changes by just changing the token form of money. 
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:57:31
The particularities are specific to the exchange. You will need a trading account that will come with terms and conditions. It's not as simple as sending and receiving Bitcoin. You are dealng in government backed money after all. It works by bid and ask too. Someone will sell you the obligation to buy his Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-02 18:12:08
I imagine this will stay back paged as it does not really advance the idea that buying and holding is what is best.
@_date: 2018-03-02 18:11:05
Why would it be worth more and why won't it be supplanted by government backed crypto currencies? We haven't seen any of those yet, have we?
This is sounding a lot like the early days of eBAy around here. New technology, power of internet and networking, exchange profits coming in fast and furiously off of commodity sales to new adopters...then poof,  exchange value in commodities disappears when everyone gets wiser to the fact that no one should be paying a forever growing exchange value premium for antiques and collectibles. In the end it is the simple reality that no one ought to pay a cent more for a trading commodity than what they have to that will kill your dream. There's an internal property of bitcoin that will kill it--it is hoardable and will not flow enough to be better than something that will be plentiful and of guaranteed fixed value.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:16:40
Why not have this attitude with US treasury bonds? I'm curious as to why you see speculative value in a belief and not a promise? The use of Bitcoin doesn't give it value. You buying a pizza may have contributed to a business running to get some cash from it to pay its bills.A portion of all usage will create downward pressure on its exchange value. Unless you run to the Bitcoin market and buy back some of it you are shooting yourself in the foot by using it. If you are going to take cash to buy it then you are better served as a speculator to buy your pizza in cash.
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:49:18
My point is that money is both asset and obligation. You cannot speak of the debt as being negative if it is also the assets that people view as positive. Were all debt cancelled the economy would seize from a lack of cash flow. Well being doesn't exist outside of that . Think about it. In the great Depression capitalism stopped working and money flows stopped. People starved even though there was labor and commodities to work upon. Debt spending is what becomes the means to get the capitalist mode of production cycling again. No profit means no one does anything in this mode of production. If that sounds insane you might want to question why we have that in place instead of alternatives.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:32:12
How is this "investing"different the you having bought a chair for $500 if you are just going to sit on it?  Investing is not the proper word. You are speculating like a Yukon stampeder ca. 1897.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:19:01
It won't work until it is used, and using it will bring on truer price discovery. It's when people actually realize this changes nothing that they come to value it less. Better for a speculator  if they do not use it and think it will change the world in a meaningful way.
@_date: 2018-03-30 15:10:00
Not at all. My argument is that TV represents an example of the things we get more of for less. There's no linear causation here between past and current prices. Prices are determined by relationships. Some things have gone up, some things have gone down. Central bankers are not the direct cause of it because they are just on relationship in a web of many.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:35:04
Haven't you seen the memo? Everyone will want to.
@_date: 2018-02-11 05:01:08
That's not the criteria I use. I am looking for a fundamental understanding when I go out and read about this. When I read the thinking of the people closest to the beginning of all this I understand that they value it and promote this on the strength that it is a disruptive application of a new technology. It's not going to succeed in being disruptive before the same technology reimagined is rolled out to be constructive.
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:11:04
I read it. What is being questioned here? It's just trying to be descriptive.
I do like that he has mentioned that the open market system is psychological animal and not some sort of place where economic laws dominate. If that's a case for why we shouldn't have open markets then I agree. That's like saying to the exploiters: go ahead and exploit the exploitable any way you can. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 16:31:27
We are on the very edge of our biological boundaries. We are not elemental particles that can borrow existences from quantum energy fluctuations. Our whole endeavor is actually systems based. The life supporting systems are failing due to growth in our energy appetites.
@_date: 2018-03-01 16:47:02
That's faddish isn't it? Lots of people get things when the hype around them is fresh. Adoption is really a measure of the use of it after you acquire it. 
 I agree that one is much more likely to spend some if they have some, but why would anyone want to buy it and pay increasing premium for the possibility of using it? It's like paying a premium for the use of paper money because it is so damn robust and low tech. Nobody does that in the real world. In fact if crypto currencies ever became mainstream I would suggest an exchange value premium for a robust and low tech solution like paper money should also exist, because way more transactions don't need internet than do.
One has to ask the question: what is the hustle that aims to extract value form this commodity? It's the narrative around its use  on the internet, i.e. Should you pay a premium for it? The game is very much around convincing people you should pay the holder his premium because his is delivering this exchange value to you. That will only be as strong as the options are limited. My point is that it will vanish and then adoption will shift to something else that has no premium attached to it. Government money has no exchange premium attached to it within a country. It is always guaranteed to meet as much obligation as its face value says.
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:15:43
People should read this because I am getting tired of people telling me Bitcoin wasn't, and isn't, a libertarian's brainchild.
@_date: 2018-11-22 09:16:54
If you don't see it you are like me. What I am questioning is why people would think it offers great value, even really great value, because of usage potential. I'm like you in that I do not see myself capturing any value doing a transaction in Bitcoin at any price. It's actually just a way to transact that necessitates more steps for me to be able to meet my fundamental obligations. If the only benefit is to the holder then why use it and give him large asymmetric gain? It seems to me some are hoping huge amounts of people would accept such a proposition? That's a speculative bet that can offer some speculative value.
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:32:46
Just another way to skim money off of transactions.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:10:13
Government money=our money in a condition of non scarcity
Bitcoin=third party money in a condition of scarcity 
@_date: 2018-02-08 13:35:48
If you are in the conversion business you will always hit a wall that cannot be breached with true believers. Being unreachable is something that is seen as a strength by them. If people value their opinions more than anything else they will ultimately claim that the possesion of one is more important than the work they do to form one.  Non one knows when he is interacting here if the reader simply has an opinion or if he has done the work to have an informed one.A lot opinions start off as prejudices and biases. FTR, my opinion about money value being tied to obligation is not something I ever started off with. Like many that'ssomething I did not ever contemplate.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:32:51
What is the risk payment for sitting in front a starving lion? Waiting in the face of risk that only pays you off by you not perishing yet is not much of a justification for risk is it? Holding is suppose to mean you are still in it for potential profit that you should also never take. Hmmm...Tell me again what all this waiting is for? Is it to prove bravery?
@_date: 2018-11-27 14:44:06
If you are monitoring moving averages you are doing technical analysis. This bottom line here is a moving average that implies growth until it doesn't. There is no reason a very long moving average can't roll over.
@_date: 2018-02-28 21:13:45
Speaks more of teenager demographic make-up in family units. The internet had porn and email and a host of other perks. A wallet is free and the existence of one should not be confused with adoption. Every teenager out there with a geek gene has a a few wallets. That's not adoption. Neither is having bitcoin sitting in one's wallet. 
Adoption numbers will have number of transactions per account qualifiers. There's an account in this house that has no transactions and isn't going to be having any anytime soon. Bitcoin accounts for zero percent of the transaction in this household that is counting in that survey.
@_date: 2018-11-25 15:39:42
It doesn't shift anything. The commercial system of lending that we have in place allows rent to be collected on new money creation. When you go to a bank you borrow from your future earnings and you pay economic rent. The interest rate is your rent that you agree to pay to people who do not perform real economic activity--they perform speculative activity.The activity is going to be yours to pay your rent. That seems horrible but I can assure you that it is not anywhere as bad as having to turn to existing wealth holders for a token that is not expandable and that they can ask you anything for. Economic rent is a proposition that each individual has to consider. For the most part, paying rent on 30 years of your future earnings seems to be acceptable for people who'd rather start off with what they would otherwise only ever end up with. The system is skewed, but it is skewed in tax avoidance not rent collecting. We all support the idea we ought to be able to borrow from ourselves.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:53:39
What is unsustainable? Growth within capitalism is. We are well aware of that. It demands profits which can only come from commodity exchanges. Money itself is not threatened. It's the possibility that no new profits can be generated that is the problem. In the face of less income in the West personal credit was expanded to support consumerism of commodities. None of this unsustsinability is circumvented by Bitcoin , which is just another commodity in capitalism. It's a new way to make the same old hustle.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:18:02
The bank does not create the 2% interest you need to come up with. You are on your own  finding that in the economy. In effect it creates a shortage. Shortages lead to scarcity which leads to people being more desperate for money. The more we borrow the more we are pushing the need to higher levels. Even if you can afford  the interest portion is being redistributed to a class of owners via dividends, salaries, bonuses and capital acquisitions.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:40:10
Lol. Bitcoin is such a libertarian darling. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:33:37
Sure, but their's a growing cost to all levels of complexity. We aren't really interested in not growing complexity. That's what ultimately gives us stability. The closer you get to stability to more it will cost you. Too many are saying cut everything. We ought to understand that will not maintain stability in a complex world. Complexity, for the record, is many, many relationships which we cannot untangle.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:58:02
Is that a joke. Look at the valuation of the economy since stock markets have started. It has been a steady climb upwards. Betting on the value of the economy is the only very reliable growth story. Look for something that tracks the economy if you want to DCA, otherwise you are hoping for a singular story of guaranteed future growth.  Gambling with this strategy is akin to chasing your losses hoping for a luck reversal because one feels it ought to happen. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:23:50
The internet as it was envioned failed because it had no working business model. It had to be commercialized and turned into a placeinformation mining could be commodified. Success in the internet age is still about selling shit. It has not succeeded on the basis of a sharing of information model.
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:16:48
Tell them it hasn't crashed yet. You would not be lying.
@_date: 2018-03-19 16:37:13
Who cares about profits? All the supporters here are in it for the endless social good they think it is being done for. Huge profits for miners just means you' re paying too much of a narrative driven premium for your bitcoin. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:05:25
Kinda stupid to be paying a huge premium over that cost, no?
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:00:29
The information aspect of this technology is very interesting. The bookkeeping method as money isn't. Two different realities there.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:14:51
How's that upsetting capitalism? That's the source of your conflict.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:10:10
It's still an accumulative process that seeks profits and value extraction. There's nothing built into it that pushes towards sustainability or efficiency in the largest sense. Redistribution itself is not a property of capitalism because that is purely subjective. That's also purely political. We can either have capitalism that knows no interference with one political form or another to moderate it or no capitalism at all. I think we delude ourselves that capitalism is great as a long term solution as long as most can profit along from it.
It's the latter--no capitalism at all, that promises the only hope of arriving to everyone acting out of obligation to the planet and themselves that is most sustainable. Without the requirement for a profit society can settle on what is most efficient and provide for everyone for ever an shrinking amount of personal obligation. Our technology can work to lessen our obligation if we want it to. It doesn't have to grow profits while growing our economic obligations and providing us with archaic control structures.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:23:17
Some of them made it that far. I assume many did not, but I get your point.
@_date: 2018-11-22 09:21:30
The points you raise don't affect me. I don't use any of those services. My only requirement for a token of transaction is that it has widespread uniformity in exchange value just in case  I must hold it until I must use it. The threat of having money seized is actually a very good thing to have because it signals there is a fundamental need to meet an obligation that is being enforced by a power that is overseeing the value proposition of the token. There's no fundamental obligation that prices Bitcoin, so it is inherently at the mercy of a market. The best quality of government money is that it gets its value from collective obligation. Of course, that loses a lot of meaning when the rich pay no tax, but they contribute in other ways, I suppose.
@_date: 2018-02-11 04:57:29
Everyone's a loser in a country of losers.
@_date: 2018-03-28 16:11:41
Your purchasing power for what?  People today have more purchasing power than ever because of cheap credit. In fact many are making a killing in capital gains seizures by simply owning homes for which they are only minutely invested in. I have never seen a time when it was more possible to get ahead by just holding things than I have witnessed over the last 40 years. People have access to so much money to buy assets with. It seems to me that the ones that bemoan this gift the most are those who use credit to consume and buy assets that decline in value with certitude. This way of having things is cruel to the uniformed, but it is not true that is objectively negative to you. It can be very subjectively positive to you. It was actually worse when things were scarce and money did not flow much. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:26:44
How many billions would it take to satisfy you? There are people who have already made all they ever wanted from this and they are exiting gradually while giving suckers a chance to push it back up for their next round of selling. First sign of panic and you will see a lot of selling. That's what you have to look for in a crash. So far it has been very orderly, which means people are getting out and not crashing things.
@_date: 2018-02-12 19:56:12
Nice article. Bitcoin is hoardable so it plays into the hands of an ownership class. Were an economy to try and run on a commodity of limited quantity as money the game would very soon become about extracting more and more from people who needed Bitcoin.
It's the same reality that made movement away from gold necessary. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 18:01:30
What power have you seized with your new way to purchase consumer goods? This is beyond an exaggeration. Absolutely nothing is changing. Profits will be growing at the expense of those who pay exchange value premiums for what don't need any and that is going to fall in the pockets of people who are early adopters and holders of this commodity. That's not revolutionary. It just means there's a new class of capitalist on the loose. all value will flow upward just the same. That's actually very worrisome.
@_date: 2018-02-13 21:32:56
Keep on dreaming.
@_date: 2018-02-08 19:32:30
Don't sell all your bitcoin sniff.
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:43:08
And this is because the Sun will eventually expand and gobble up the Earth?
It's a contract that says that the government will accept it as a way to meet obligations to it. It can define that as it wants and there is no unsustainable aspect to it. Destroy the country and you will destroy the ability to make the promise, I suppose. Destroy the internet or the energy grid and you have no working Bitcoin network. It's not really saying much.
A government could presumably call in all the Bitcoin as it did with gold and pay a set price. What is most real in this world is power to do things. If it is somehow believed that the power of individuals networking will defeat the power of governments then that is a vote for the worst type of populism.
@_date: 2018-02-12 19:51:18
This represents the downside of blockchain technology to libertarians.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:52:00
It's too early for that. This has to crash first to inject reality into the equation.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:27:57
It doesn't. One dollar still meets one dollar of government obligation. What you pay for food is up to you. If you agree to pay more for less you're the cause of your problem. The standard of value has remained the same, and it has been capitalist schemes that have robbed you of cheaper prices. You pay more to pay for insane profits despite growing efficiency. Can't blame money for being money. It's value is derived from its ability to meet government obligation, not to buy Kraft Dinner.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:26:24
It's a problem to a lesser degree everywhere. I just spent half a day cleaning a computer of a relative that he was ready to give up on because it was having its CPU hijacked upon opening a browser by a crypto currency mining script that was not being identified as malware by his AV.I can just imagine how many computer illerate folks suffer the same fate. Not a good thing for public perceptions about mining.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:05:52
It's not money and never will be unless government makes it useful to meet citizens' obligations to it.
Bitcoin is commodity. It has to go to market to be valued, or one can alternatively accept the value of a recent transaction as a reasonable facsimile. At the exchange level Bitcoin is traded in government backed money which represents the universal standard of value in a country. Everyone purely speculating in Bitcoin is looking to make his fortune in government backed money. There's a lot of those people. The people interested in buying bread with Bitcoin are the people being tapped for increasing prices.
@_date: 2018-03-22 20:57:29
People here will decry that it is certainly not a commodity. How dare the Dutch say that it is.
@_date: 2018-11-25 18:28:36
Ohio is not a country. Ohio would have to sell its Bitcoin to meet its obligations so this is just a one step further removed sale into a market that needs buyers to support price. Message me when the country does this. 
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:07:59
Those are two preferential tools for money laundering. Makes sense they would be tied to each other.
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:09:08
Absolutely not. A blockchain could be set up in a closed network very easily, and thus controlled. You speak as if blockchain=freedom. That's as foolish as saying capitalism=freedom. Blockchain technology will be used for all sorts of things that are not going to be approved by libertarians. The decentralized storage of cryptographically protected information is just a property. How that is used going forward will be interesting. In my thinking, our relation to power structures will not change. They almost never do. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 04:45:02
Bitcoin is not blockchain. It's you who are clearly making a bad assumption here. The technology is not Bitcoin. Bitcoin is a hype up early entry into the field of cryptocurrencies. Everyone and their dog should understands this.
How are you going to acquire something that has to be purchased on an exchange and sold onto an exchange to retrieve money that you need? The allegation here is that a life can be lived using the exchange of something no one wants to be separated from.
@_date: 2018-02-13 12:34:28
It's not about brand names. It's about the built in tyranny of these structures. They are not made in the democratic image we envioned for ourselves in the Enlightenment period. They are mirroring the old power structures of the days of Kings and Lords. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:49:14
It means you get way more for the same level of obligation. Do you want examples? Look around you at your world. Everything in it has been made possible with the flow of money that is also debt. It is false to think of it as a good thing that could exist without the debt. The debt is what made people do the work. In capitalism it is money  (profits) that are the motive force. Money did not come out of the ground. It came from it being originated in a way that every dollar in existence agrees to return to pay it's obligation to a note holder. That note holder can be the government or someone else.
Count your lucky stars that you have had a central bank to manage money. It has grown affluence by expanding the money supply. A population vying for the same resources has priced them up in some cases and that has been lessened by other forces in other instances. You still get way more than what you have ever paid for, but less Kraft Dinner. Calculators are insanely cheap for us to figure all this out. Most technology is after it has lost its intellectual property protections.
@_date: 2018-02-08 04:30:43
It's not money. It's just commodity that you acquire with money. Bitcoin itself comes with no contractual guarantee of value. Government money does in the sense that it is the only thing that will meet government obligation, which everyone has.
If you go set up a wallet they' ll tell you that what you are dealing in is a commodity that settles in exchanges. It gets treated as such by regulators too. Don't think you are dealing with money when you are holding cryptos. You are dealing with money when you buy and when you sell them. Otherwise you are just exchange an encrypted digital commodity.
There are essentially no fractional reserve requirements left today for private lenders. If you suggest there are then you are wrong. They can effectively borrow a reserve when they need one in such a way that there is never a shortage. Only about 4% of all private banking has an effective reserve requirement any more. It's super easy to get around that considering all of the leeway that exists for private banks to meet any requirement (it can be up to months). I don't think that people realize this. This is why the inability of banks to lend to each other during the crash froze everything. Private sector lending originates with private sector borrowing. Government had to unfreeze it by purchasing bad debt and unfreezing the lenders. Government money worked very well at doing it. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:59:29
What's the consolation prize, though? Cuz bragging rights are clearly not enough.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:54:02
The power has slowly shifted to being the appeal of the size of the consumer market in America. That's still a huge carrot. Foreign nations respect the size of the US market and will go along with capitalist productions schemes that allow them access to US markets (free trade deals make this as easy as possible). This is good to make America relevant to creditors and bad to those who seek to participate in capitalism at home. The price of having the capitalism at home is probably insurmountable in terms of what is out there as obligation, on top of the fact that the US only has about less than 10% of the worlds mineral resources to run a closed shop economy with. China for example possesses about 23%. Russia has a good chunk too. The only way to have your cake and eat it too is to have beneficial schemes for all nations because it cannot be provided for alone any more. The world is just too small for the size of our appetites now.
Capitalism is failing us now like it failed third world countries decades ago. It just wasn't there because it was not feasible.
Both Reps and Dems are neoliberal party establishemnts. They are the defenders of the capitalism that favors the few in America. No party is offering to take from those capitalists their freedoms to profit. All that is being offered is money for more political support. Token gestures and empty talk is always what is dished out to the masses, but capitalism is not going to reappear where it is not going to thrive with the cheapest of labor. To try and render everything more expensive in order that we may have a small number of us be makers of it here won't work either. That's a tariff approach that would hurt an indebted nation even more.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:30:13
It means that there many aspects to this that rosy eyed adopters did not foresee. Mainly, that what is an acceptable amount of risk to them would pose a acceptable risk to others with no skin in the game. In order for institutions to insulate themselves from this speculative bubble we ought to have foreseen this sort of prohibition. It's not the only one. Crypto also rides freely on an internet maintained by carriers and government owned energy utilities. There are relationships here that will have their demands.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:15:40
That is a reflection of the fact that it has no domestic economy, not the nature of money. Their currency's trading value is a vote from the exterior that it will not accept it for goods because there's nothing in that country to buy back with it.
A sovereign country that can look after all its needs doesn't have to worry about what currency traders think. It can have as much money as it wants.
The only currencies in trouble are the ones that can be price controlled by others. Within a sovereign country a dollar remains a dollar. You'll have price inflation when money is too spread out.
Quantity of dollars at any given time is kinda irrelevant. They go away when debts are paid. If all debts were paid at once there would be less money and a whole lot less of it circulating.
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:07:41
This hasn't crashed yet. You' re not going to escape a very real crash at some point. We are very far from having seen capitulation yet. 
@_date: 2018-02-28 21:38:41
Money is not changing with the appearance of a new commodity. Money remains a universal equivalent of value that is used to discover exchange value in exchanges.
If you want to refresh yourself about what money is I encourage it. You are using objective terms in ways they are not supposed to be used. Bitcoin will never be money unless it is recognized by sovereign governments (not Arizona!) as a way to settle your obligations to it.
The downside of commodities is that you must run to market to get a sense of their value. They can be one thing one day and another the next depending on what other commodity it is competing with. Pressure is to offer the best offering in that regard.
Neoliberalism is a political-ism. It favors the sending of profits to a rich upper class of concentrated owners. We know it best for its efforts to destroy the labor component of value by shipping production to where labor is cheap (what is called globalism or free trade). It strives for growing economic productivity that gives you cheap consumer goods with high profitability attached, but no social well being from local production jobs.
What do you expect from Ultraliberalism? How can you liberate capital even more than neoliberal policies have already? Are you interested in freeing everyone from paying taxes (having any obligations)? Are you interested in creating a source of non labor value in a crypto currency that can be seized by owners of the asset class? What's your angle? This world is a hustle. Don't be thinking this is going to liberate people in any way that is socially liberating. It won't. If it did it would destroy economic productivity. For economic productivity to grow profits must come easier for the production of things that can also go up in price. Even if you achieve that with Bitcoin it will land in the hands of the same elite. To solve human problems as a liberator you would have to find a way to put money in people's pockets. That is not what this is about. This is not a social program. It exists in a capitalist landscape right now and will only amplify capitalist problems of inequality.
I understand that you mean well, but this is not a highly idealized proposition. People are scurrying to figure out how to profit from this as exchanges are popping up everywhere. 
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:55:16
You' ll never catch all the waves.
@_date: 2018-03-12 18:30:39
There are no deep space exploration programs for humans. Doubt there ever will be.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:25:25
Gold speculators beg to differ. Digital gold is infinitely better than real gold. Real gold demands real mining that costs in energy terms, and it is time consuming. We learned this reality when we switched to fiat, which is just as real as anything solid because it has contractual value.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:03:32
It's more like they see this as no risk speculative proposition. Absolutely no one but bitcoin holders see it that way.
@_date: 2018-03-09 14:47:12
Don't focus on lowly individuals. Look at it from the point of view of  potential market manipulation within geoplotics and cyberwarfare. Think global security and stability, IMHO.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:31:31
The rise of fetishism to never before seen levels is what it promises.  There's that to some degree with current money, but imagine a universal equivalent of value that is wrapped entirely in secrecy/anonymity and that has no hint of what social relationship hides behind it. How does anyone ever regulate an economy where the universal standard of value hides everything? To properly use money you must have knowledge of all the social relationships that ride along. We are better off when we understand that a dollar that comes from an immoral and irresponsible entity can be acted upon by regulation.
No one who deals in Bitcoin today knows what portion of its exchange value is attributable to its usefulness as an exchange commodity for breaking the law.  
@_date: 2018-03-30 18:15:01
Bitcoin has not crashed. A crash is intense capitulation when the speed of the event is about ten to one hundred times faster that the previous upswing. A crash looks like a straight drop on a chart on any scale.
A stock like Nortel network crashed. It lost over 25% of it's value four times in succession, leaving no one the opportunity to participate in the each down turn. You basically opened the newsfeed and saw it had lost a good chunk of value at the opening. The ensuing  trading sessions had no fluctuation. 
Bitcoin is not acting this way. It is an orderly retreat in which anyone can participate that has had some dead cat bounces to trip up some in their zeal to buy all the dips. In this fashion it is still sucking in money as it drops. If that stopped it would plunge. Lots of small time investors can still be sucked dry with this because it is so easy to appeal to near children with a few bucks with this offering. The networking advantage alone is capable of producing some inflows for a while.
@_date: 2018-02-13 12:50:37
That means little as an argument. It's a very lawyerly way to start a character assassination, though. Go ahead and state your points now. I'dbe interested in knowing what you think is objectionable.
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:13:01
Show me what you own when you buy a bitcoin and I will show you what you own when you buy a computer. You do not own any of the intellectual property in it or the profits that you paid into when you bought in. You are stuck having to derive future value in the secondary trading market in it. To retrieve your investment you must sell and no dividend is coming your way for just holding it. To borrow my example there seems to be as belief that computers must go up in value because one maker of them only makes a very limited amount and will never make more. How smart is that when we see how easily crypto currencies are popping up. Limited in quantity means nothing when the quantity of offerings is unlimited. Show me the business model that drops money on your lap.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:06:30
Sure, deflect that way if you want. My point is that she sounds like she's willing to gamble.
@_date: 2018-02-11 04:35:05
It's a hot potato of value isn't it? Nobody has any obligation to Bitcoin because it is is not equivalent to blockchain. Blockchain could be in teh hands of government where it would regain a fundamental guarantee of value. It's why Bernanke once said Bitcoin has serious flaws, but blockchain is revolutionary. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:26:23
Corporations are examples of private tyranny. To give blockchain technology to tyrants is to open the Pandora's box of possibilities for them. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:16:43
No it doesn't. Almost everything is governed by randomness. 
@_date: 2018-11-25 14:57:16
The money goes to the seller. You can only talk about where the money is when a transaction in money is completed. Until you sell you have not realized a gain or a loss in terms of money.
@_date: 2018-02-11 04:54:21
No. Capitalism is on the verge of collapse from the same historic pressures that have always been brought on by it, not money or government.
The reason things seem so dire is because hierarchy and inequality have been delivered by capitalism, exactly as it was understood a long time ago to be very favorable towards. Capitalism destroys our relationships and alienates us--people give up hope of the kindness of others. 
Government free of greedy capitalists (bankers) is what Bitcoin seems to promise if you believe the spin, but having capitalists decentralized is actually making the problems much worse because it renders them untouchable and unaccountable. A government by the consent of the governed is still needed to somehow insure that the sum of everything doesn't land in a few hands. Who really gains by making everyone anonymous and non-obliged to a collective society? Centralization is at the core of civilization.
@_date: 2018-11-26 23:46:27
Banks aren't money. Money works fine. Capitalists cannot be trusted.
@_date: 2018-03-01 15:58:55
That isn't an -ism. It's just a perception of value on your part. Any perception of additional value form something tends to be exploited by the sellers of the commodity. That is why Bitcoin holders feel they are going to be able to ask more for them later. There will be better value offerings than Bitcoin. That would be my point. Heck, if ease of transaction was the only goal we should all be screaming at our governments to develop government backed crypto currencies that carry the same fundamental guarantee of value as government money. But that is not what the private sector wants. It wants to be able to deal in this as a new commodity because there's profit to be made in a hustle.
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:33:37
It's not backed by nothing. It's backed by obligation. When you borrow you borrow from yourself and your obligation is to the folks who give you the credit now. For every dollar there is anote that functions to cancel it out, meaning that nothing it created positively that doesn't have its negative counterpart.A government does the same. It will trade its notes to foreigners to help itself along. What is debt to government is asset to the private sector.It's the fact that money gets concentrated in a few hands in capitalism that makes it look like a bad arrangement. Money itself is not a causal agent in the problems of capitalism.  It's just way for all of us to settle our obligations to our governments. It is way better than to have to be physically demanded to do things to help the country along. I'd rather pay taxes than be in the military or work on paving crews.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:09:12
It has not invented a new property of commodities. It is still just a commodity. Take a stab at how this commodity is different than any other. To get a sense of its value you must determine that in exchange. That's totally different than government money which you do not run to market to determine value before you use it. Within a country the money functions as universal equivalent of value. Between outsiders it can be traded as commodity in currency exchanges to get relative value indications.
@_date: 2018-03-07 22:51:59
Bitcoin can have no great value without love. It depends on feels.
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:38:20
Really? You think there's a fundamental guarantee in this world that the passage of time must make you wealthy?
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:45:32
Don't view the government as a lowly consumer. It's an originator of something that has two natures, and it's like an arbitrator of who gets wealth and how much at any given time.
Rolling over debt obligations is not something available to a lowly consumer like you. It is available to governments.
If you think the rules are the same for all scales you are dead wrong. The arrangements you get into with your debt are contractual with your lender. It could very well be that you had no intention to pay back your debts, but with money the obligation to pay back is enforced by government. If you do not pay your government obligations it will seize your assets. The bank will do the same to you.
Governments don't borrow when they spend money into existence. They are saying: here is money and here is the promise to pay it back. The sum is zero. The private sector is as rich as the government will spend to allow for. If it called in money to pay off all debt we' d be without debt and without money. That's life on a much simpler scale that not too many would like. You'd only be able to have what you have already worked for and at the speed it is coming in.
@_date: 2018-02-02 04:39:19
I understand very well what its limitations are. I don't disagree that it's elegant, but so is a Rube Goldberg machine.  People are letting themselves be amazed by something that cannot deliver on the promises that it makes. Quite bluntly put, we have zero need for a commodity money of limited supply and fluctuating value. It's  pandora's box of problems that we successfully navigated before.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:28:37
Are these whales functioning as market makers? There's a huge difference between this and stocks. Stocks can get manipulated by traders that are playing with other people's money to make markets happen. The whole thing can be offset by trading fees, increased profiting from volatility in derivatives trading and a host of other things.
People are just sitting tight right now waiting to be picked off. Every gain now is being sold into until a compelling reason to pay more for this commodity can be presented. Attempts to make various news stories about price gains aren't really helping at this moment. Why that is is at the root of why this is speculative.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:50:48
What many assume is possible is not possible, so their dream is doomed to failure.
Reality is based on hard truths. One of them is that we cannot escape our obligations to each other if we want order and stability. Bitcoin as the great escape from what many people feel ails them is not going to happen.  The way we have things now with fiat is as good as it gets. We have achieved the ultimate in money systems. However, what we have not achieved is a way to contend with hierarchy and inequality that comes from unfettered capitalism. This represents what most actually are really hurt by. Bitcoin was never going to work against capitalism's shortfalls. The only thing that can is effectively functioning government, which we are no closer to getting.
I view Bitcoin as a brand name. There are principles behind it that can serve the greater good, but this incarnation of it won't. My belief is that it cannot survive without adoption. I see no good reason why it should be widely adopted. What really bugs me is how the marketing of this commodity has been about how this greatly frees us. nothing could be further than the truth.
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:23:07
It only has to ask. It asks that you pay taxes. If you don't pay those on your property you lose your house and everyone understands that. You can keep your bitcoin if you want, but don't expect there to be a market in it. The offer they give you would be taken quite happily.
You've not escaped your obligation yet, have you? Libertarians are trying very hard to do that and they still don't sleep well.
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:47:18
How is it flawed? Capitalism has shown its terrible flaws recently. Money has continued to work wonderfully well. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:31:53
Typical reaction. Capital is still the best description of the capitalist mode of production there is out there. You'd be hard pressed to find anyone who'd say otherwise. Unless you've read it you are probably just winging it and experiencing it. It's not the Communist Manifesto we are talking about here. For the record, Marx wasn't a Marxist either. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 03:55:51
What a ignorant comment, and I mean that in a very kind way. You actually think that bitcoin can supplant government contract and pull value out of its rear end? It is forever floating in speculative limbo.
The value of all legal tender resides in our government obligation and the shared need we all have for it. Without that, government money would have no value as all the libertarian types would have long ago abandoned it and any sense of obligation they have to any authority. The promise of government is that legal tender will meet those obligations and that you will have stable value because of the shared cost. Bitcoin can never meet those obligations on its own. You can use legal tender to buy bitcoin, but you will have to sell it  to meet your obligations.
Taxes are part of your obligation. Don't be lecturing anyone about how they are stealing from us. They are necessary for legal tender to have a use and a value. 
Commodity money (like gold or bitcoin) that is limited in quantity is prone to scarcity, hoarding and wild valuation swings. When gold completely failed to work governments called all the gold in as an obligation. We went through all this before in the 19th century when everybody and their dog (mercantile Banks) were printing their own money too. It was a fuckin' disaster. People were losing their shirts and did not know what money had what value and who to work for to get paid. The failings of commodity money controlled in a few hands is what led us to move towards central banking to bring needed stability. It has worked incredibly well despite the misgivings of ignorant fools who are really pissed off at the values of capitalists but won't admit it.
You don't have to trust all governments either for your government promises. You can trust the most trustable, and I can assure you that they are a lot more trustable than a bunch of kids who think they have somehow invented something new here.
I have not spent thousands of hours studying anthropology, archaeology and the history of civilization and money to not know what I am up against here. Civilization is deemed to have collapsed when elites disappear and power becomes completely decentralized. Those are considered necessary elements to have order. You might want to put your propaganda aside and read about it. Bitcoin will not do what it cannot do. The order and stability we have comes from government by the consent of the governed and centralization. It has been our greatest invention.
@_date: 2018-03-29 16:20:10
I'll do you favor and explain it to you. From an accounting perspective when a dollar is spent into existence by a government it is an asset in the private sector and a liability on the public sector's books. A note exists as the physical counterpart to currency that has attached to it an obligation of return for that new money to cancel it out.  Central banks manage money/obligations for government. They will use the liabilities as financial tools to create capital flow in the global economy by selling debt obligations at low yield. To be able to do this is measure of a society's affluence. If we have a trillion dollars in debt there's that much private sector wealth. If you feel left out it is because private sector is made up of a business sector and households. You are getting shafted my friend, but it is not by central bankers. It's by capitalists who control the mode of production. The central banker cannot make anyone employ another, and for that you suffer a very personal form of pain. Central bankers have managed to make a world where you could borrow cheaply from your future low wage earnings to help you out. I hope you can see the difference between your predicament and society's.
@_date: 2018-02-08 16:56:33
A clandestine trading token is a good way to see it. 
@_date: 2018-02-16 15:45:51
Fiat refers only to the representation of it. What is real is the contract. Money is contract. Your government backed money is contractually agreed upon to meet government obligations. Our collective shared obligations are what give it a value. It's stable value allows us to know we can work for it now (and value things in exchanges) in order to meet our obligations later. 
Bitcoin has no contract. It is something without contract that trades in a market like gold, silver or even fiat dollars when they are  traded in currency markets. 
Government backed fiat is guaranteed money and it is commodity. Bitcoin is only commodity until someone comes and backs it.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:21:03
How would you possibly know this? What has happened in the last week to have people pay you more for a bitcoin going forward. In reality nothing has.  Nothing happened to have them offer you less either. The only thing that has changed is your way of seeing what is happening.
@_date: 2018-03-29 15:08:19
Are we supposed to be able of divination in 2018?
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:30:47
I'm well over double that age, and I understand economic thinking very well thank you.
This isn't money. It's just tokens traded in money on exchanges. They can be called in and seized just as gold once was if that was deemed to be necessary. They will in no way shape or form ever relieve you from your government obligations. 
@_date: 2018-02-11 05:27:42
Bitcoin is not blockchain. The many things that can be ledgered by blockchain aren't blockchain either. Something better will come along using blockchain technology and Bitcoin will be left in the dust. This is exactly what the warnings are that come from the people that do they heaviest lifting of promoting blockchain technology, which actually interests central bankers and governments. 
Behind bitcoin is only marketing, and it is marketing the very worst aspects of itself to an unsuspecting class of folks if you ask me. Libertarians absolutely gobble up the promise of the many disruptive aspects of this. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:15:08
If you still have the money then you haven't lost anything. You can still buy as many bitcoins as that will get you later if owning a bit coin is all you want. You'll always be able to get a corresponding amount of bitcoin for the amount you are willing to throw in. Last time I looked no one was rushing in to hoard them all.
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:05:04
What's the economic indicator you are using to gauge this non economic entity? 
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:02:05
Understanding isn't a skill either. As far as I have seen the technology promises to be incredibly disruptive to the legal profession where all sorts of jobs stand to be displaced. 
Setting all this up take only a limited amount of work. The effect on society will not be that it gains in jobs. It may translate into cheaper contracts, but I doubt it. These things will function in closed systems where you will still have to pay for simple access. It's a mistake to think that all blockchain with be open networks.
As with all new technologies it will likely greatly improve productivity (more profits for less inputs). By definition that is what grows inequality and hierarchy. Expect something like when industrial carding/looms displaced the cottage industry of textile production. It was fine for a rarefied portion of folks in cities, but the countryside was devastated. For every great success there were many individual failures. People had to become clothing sellers instead of makers. Today we have 4 times more clothes than we need on this planet and it is estimated some people wear their clothes only 6 times before chucking it out. All that to say that cheap is not always better.
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:51:37
That only works for things that track the economy faithfully buddy, like an index fund. Dollar cost averaging a dud will bankrupt you.
@_date: 2018-11-25 16:56:02
Nothing has ever changed. The exchanges that we all get into are the same they have always been. There are commodities, there are market exchanges and there is a standard of value. Objectively speaking nothing can change. Fiat is a better standard than physical. I'll give you the example to end all example. During the 60s and 70s economists and the major institutions were recruited to map out what the account surpluses and deficits were in the US. It was determined that there was a net outflow of capital that was almost entirely related to the US military spending Asia during the Vietnam war. Those gold backed dollars were landing in French banks in Asia because they were the colonial power there. That money was then used to demand that hard gold be sent to France. since money was backed by a commodity with scarcity that could not be expanded the US faced hyperinflation in order to buy what commodity it needed. It had no choice but to abandon gold as the backer of money and it went off the gold standard. It went to fiat. France could only ever return the money to the US buy buying investments in the US if it was chasing a return. The US completed a cycle of money this way and the rest is what we have experienced. Fiat is what works best because it allows no forced purchases at increasing prices. A world in Bitcoin would duplicate this, and Bitcoin architects understood this. If you can have something in limited quantity that everyone needs you are going to be ale to squeeze the hell out of those who use it when push comes to shove. Scarcity is not desirable and neither are hoarders.
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:57:23
Why? And why would it be that predictable? Predictability is never present with well informed market participants. It would not take long for people to expoilt this and have the trend completely invert in such a way they'd be buying at lows and selling at highs. That works to eliminate trends.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:28:46
That's right. But, you will have to find a new home where you will still have to trade something for citizenship. Or you can keep moving like Merle Haggart.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:04:01
I don't know what neoliberal crap coming out of some boilerplate institute you believe,but I can see from your reaction that you have no interest in hearing otherwise.
Money is a very specific thing that in our society is universal because we all share the same obligation relationship towards a government. The money we deal with is pegged to your obligation. If you don't meet your obligation things will be taken from you. Everyone sharing the same obligation that can only be settled in government money gives it its universal standard appeal.
Arizona doesn't issue its own money. It will take its Bitcoin to market to retrieve money to meet any its obligations or else pass it along to someone who eventually will.
Everybody and their dog understands why gold never functioned as a standard of value. In 1960, it was understood that reserves of it were primarily in Russia and South Africa. There were geopolitical reasons why gold would confer an advantage to some and thus make it very undesirable as standard of value for anyone who couldn't source any. You can lump Bitcoin into this shortfall of a hoardable commodity of limited quantity.
For anything to become a standard of value it has to have universal appeal to transacting parties. That's very difficult to achieve unless there a very compelling reason for everyone to accept something as a standard. Today on this planet there are only monies with countries that function as standards. Outside of country you get into currency exchanges that treat currencies as commodity in that instance. It is that way because there is no universal equivalent of value. The closest thing there is the US dollar. It gets that right because of the potential for it to be backed by force in order to maintain obligation to it.
If you want to understand money read about it.
Ultimately Bitcoin has nothing that I can see that can bootstrap itself out of its commodity nature. Sovereign governments who issue money will have no interest to have Bitcoin come along and displace the nature of citizen to government relationship. The fetishism argument is strongest. Countries would merge into a melting pot where internal behaviors of one would be sanitized by the use of one global standard of value. How would be police the most illegal and abusing nations on Earth if something like Bitcoin ever became a universal standard of value? You couldn't. There are very strong reasons why money will stay what money is and that people will just be told their crypto commodity should be viewed as money when it is still just commodity.
There's a fundamental reason why there are warnings on bit coin exchange sites that let you know you are trading something that carries trading risk.
@_date: 2018-02-09 21:35:14
By asking and then holding you accountable if you don't abide. You' re citizenship requires you abide. Otherwise, you can always just live your life like an outlaw, scrounging on everything that countries provide you with. There a re an awful lot of tough sounding people who think that sounds appealing, but it doesn't.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:33:32
Too bad no one is spending theirs. It would be a shame to spend them when they are all going to be worth so much later.
@_date: 2018-11-23 16:39:30
If you are buying something low to sell it high you are speculating on it and the exercise does't perform any useful economic work.
@_date: 2018-02-02 05:54:12
So you have a blind faith this somehow has the same properties as the economy as a whole? The economy can never go away, and it will quite reliably go up in future value with inflation unlike Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-09 16:01:20
No. What gives money its value is the obligation you agree to as a citizen. Our common shared obligation is what allows government money to be the universal standard of value. We all have obligations that can only be settled in government money. Even those who profess to hate their governments must meet their tax obligations or have their assets taken from them. This ultimate use of lawful force puts a value on your obligation. 
The notion that government money gets its value from our approval or our acceptance is childish and far from the truth.  There is no path to universal standard of value that comes from acceptance. It comes from obligation. Places where there is the greatest amount of free for all and unlawfullness will have the greatest difficulty in convincing their citizenry that the obligations they agree to are just. No accepted obligation=no great standard of value. The US dollar gets it strength by the power of force, which is a recognition that obligation may be imposed anywhere if push comes to shove.
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:40:16
Everyone is despetaly searching for a narrative that has not yet been used to describe what they see as a price reversal anomaly. Basically, the boiler is running out of steam. Not sure what else can be done to energize the hype train. Holders who don't use are desperate for users to show up and pay them a premium for what they have in hand. Strangely no one is screaming for anyone to spend their Bitcoin. I guess they like marketplace paralysis more.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:32:57
There are none. It's a game of incomplete information, except for those that have prior knowledge, make markets with their own actions  or can front run trades using lightning speed. Everyone else is just watching what happened and trying to make sense of it.
@_date: 2018-11-22 08:26:07
The threat is to stable money standard, and it is very real.  
@_date: 2018-02-09 19:33:28
Impressive. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:32:59
It's a commodity like gold which is in limited quantity and in a few hands.
@_date: 2018-02-12 19:40:39
It's just a simple example of it here. The power of networks and networking works by information propagation. This represents an effort to spread a narrative. 
If you think this is going to play out in a free market you are either a child or a deluded fool. Bitcoin owners have no control over how blockchain technology will spread. How exactly will it ensure it has a continued following as a blockchain driven option? The things that will succeed will succeed because people will have an obligation to use them. In the case of a Central bank controlled crypto currency it would be the same obligation that make us use government money. It's not true that first entrants will have a monopoly over blockchain technology that will favor them. The thing that will differentiate crypto currencies will be the guarantee of stable value behind them. You cannot beat government at that game. Safe and secure trading of an asset with no fundamental guarantee of value will not do better than what is coming. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:30:32
Two sides of very dfferent trend lines, though. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 15:06:32
Yes, capitalists have not passed on the benefits of central bank created prosperity back to you. The affluence we have gained sits in a few hands' but that is not a property of money, it's a property of capitalism. It's up to the political sphere to oversee the capitalist mode of production to make sure it serves citizens. That has fallen or deaf ears since the 1980s. The political is now compromised by the capitalist elite. Money remains just money, though, and it could be made to flow more justly.
@_date: 2018-02-06 14:47:27
It's not important. It's part of a narrative called technical analysis that has about as much value as astrology.  People trot it out to sound as if they have a degree of understanding and to imply that there are signals in the world, like with groundhogs on Feb.2. People assume it can be used as a divination tool because the more people believe in it the more it makes it real.
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:05:24
It has no meaning. This is jargon that is used by technical analysts to imply the existence of levels that have some undisclosed or agreed upon meaning.
One way to define a floor that is useful is to look at how much money has gone into buying up a commodity. If 200 million dollars have gone into a commodity that is priced at a 200 billion dollar market cap there will be a lot of room for drops before people stand to lose the money they have invested originally. They have no compelling reason to take a loss until outright capitulation occurs (a race to the exit). That capitulation will not start happening quickly until this floor is breached
A smart question would be: how much money is currently in bitcoin and how close is it to the market cap vale. I would wager many bitcoins were bought for next to nothing. The real floor here is quite low. You won't see an exodus or a crash until the floor is smashed. What you have been seeing lately was not a crash in my book. Old sellers that were in low may have been replaced by new buyers at higher levels, so the floor may have gone up in this dip period. That makes a crash more likely to occur at a higher level.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:17:40
Are you a citizen? Do you have a birth certificate? If you do your legal guardian signed on for you. Don't despair, though. Citizenship can be abandoned. You will, of course, have to leave the country.  
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:52:58
Don't be an ass and quote an unsophisticated dictionary entry. Marx addressed what money is in capitalism in "Capital"-Volume I and it has some very specific relationships in capitalism.
Money is a universal equivalent of value. If something is trading to some degree with only a relative and equivalent value that comes from exchange it is not money; it's just commodity. We can do a transaction in tables or chairs as the medium, but tables or chairs are not money. Tables are simple commodities for which we can transfer attributes of value from that commodity unto the next.
Very few things have ever constituted money in the sense that they have been universal equivalents in value. I can think of none that have reached that by bootstrapping themselves from commodity into money. Not even gold has ever done that.
For something to be money it has to be ubiquitous with exchanges throughout the economy (no exception), it has to have so much appeal that everyone will accept it as a the most useful standard. 
Bitcoin will never be money unless it is made to be so by governments. It will forever be commodity. As such it will always trade in a range that reflects the adoption level of it across the economy. As it is now it cannot settle any of your government obligations. A person can be forced into spending his bitcoin in such a way that supply and demand can be altered. It is also hoardable and in limited supply, which leads to the exact same problems that gold had as a commodity trying to be money despite all sort of geopolitical constraints on originating gold. Bitcoin has its limitation too. It is entirely subject to fetishism, in fact much more than money is. It conceals absolutely everything,making regulation next to impossible.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:09:45
It hardly matters what citizens think. It's your obligation. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:39:02
Yes. It is that because Bitcoin is not blockchain technology. It uses blockchain technology. If you wanted to own blockchain technology to speculate on it you'd be hard pressed to find a way. As more and more things using blockchain technology become available, favor will go to those that offer the greatest guarantee of value (aka stability) in their use. It is not enough to trade seamlessly and securely with zero guarantee to infer value. Something will come along later that will offer all that plus stability based on guarantee. These things will be government backed crytpo currencies and such. Those would be terrible to speculate in, but way better to deal in. There's nothing as annoying as receiving a fraction of your paycheck two weeks after you worked for it and finding it out it doesn't cover your rent. 
Bitcoin aficionados are paying a premium for something that looks like it's the leader of the pack, but we have not seen what is in store yet.
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:27:09
This represents the ultimate form of dishonesty is what you are alleging. Hardly. All these bitcoins do get settled in exchanges at some point. They are bought and they are sold. Of what good are they to exchange when the markets in them have been ruined?
@_date: 2018-02-13 13:01:03
It's not a free market. Those don't exist. There is always a lack of freedom and there are always relationships that reach beyond the market participants.
The relationship between power and labor is coerced. If it were not labor would chose to have democratic control over itself as History shows us. We this sort of fundamental preference in libertarians who despise control on one hand, but are interestingly open to private tyranny in the workplace on the other. In the face of that they would demand that it be seen as a free choice. It allows for the absolute control of circumstances that make the act of survival at the hands of someone else seem like free choice. Be very wary of those who promote wage slavery. They are the budding tyrants, the very backbone of authoritarianism. In America there was always a struggle to beat back this dark reality. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:36:32
They control the terms and conditions. I worked in this industry and there is standard clause in all agreements that allows them to change these at any time as long as they inform you first. You'll have to seek a competitor that offers better, which may or may not exist because these players move together to offer little choice. That is the downside of a free market that offered no constraints on market participants.
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:01:51
We? Is anyone asking you how to proceed?
This was supposed to be money you'd be fine losing, so what's the hang up if it all goes away?
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:52:48
It is the system of self control we have put in place with all its checks and balances. No checks and balances means a system of control that can move towards Kakistocracy very easily.
It's not a static thing any way you look at it. It is always what we make it be with our actions. If we are just subjected to it we will not be happy with it.
It was once in favor of slavery, of women having no rights, of ethnic cleansing, but it was made to be better and different. We face the same challenge.
@_date: 2018-02-06 03:02:20
Hell no. We' ll know it when we see capitulation and a race to get out. As it is now it's still very orderly and lots of people hanging on. If you want a quick recovery hope for capitulation first. Speed is the tell tale sign of a crash. When it goes down 10-100 times faster than it went up and with huge gaps you know you' re seeing a crash.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:54:17
Who is not as interesting as why.
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:39:37
He knew the end result. You cannot duplicate that without knowing. He basically was able to do this because of a communication advantage, which is no different than having insider information.
@_date: 2018-11-25 16:36:35
You are confusing the Ponzi nature of commercial debt creation by the private sector with the nature of money which couldn't care any less what we allow or not allow the private sector to do against itself. Money works just fine, but capitalism fouls the human relationships in money. You may not understand it, but what you truly hate is that debt is being piled on by private interests onto the collective. This is a philosophical point. Capitalism functioning under any other form of token would accomplish the same thing. The corollary to this is that fiat in the hands of responsible collectives is just fine and poses no problem.
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:26:39
It needs more competing crypto currencies with better properties. A desirable property would be the loss of value over time for holding it. All disappearing coin would just be reissued into the market.  There would be no incentive to hoard it and it would not waver much in price.
@_date: 2018-03-28 15:34:27
They should know. They are the ones who best understand the boom and bust nature of speculative frenzies. They work up and close trying to moderate that in the economy.
@_date: 2018-03-02 17:41:45
Thank you for trying to defeat the hustlers. They will stop at nothing to push their narratives forward. 
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:53:24
The money has not lost value. One dollar of obligation today gives you many times more than it did in 1913. You' re obsessed about what you can buy in secondary exchanges, and that has always changed. A car back then was not affordable. A radio in 1925 would have set you back many months worth of labor. What are we talking about when we say a dollar doesn't buy us anything any more? I was able to buy my first house with a lawn mowing summer job which landed me $6000. That's insane cheap to get into an asset class that appreciates as fast as it did. The end return for that one summer's low wage work cutting lawn (that I greatly begrudged everyone then) ended up being over 100K. Are you telling me that the central bank has not put in place a system where I could get ahead and have tremendous affluence? The possibilities today are mind blowing. Mind you, those who will borrow to bankroll a consumer lifestyle full of assets that go down in value will suffer greatly. The downside is that you are punished unfairly for your ignorance.
All technological advances work to free us of a labor component that was a valuable relationship in our capitalism. All the tech in the world will not put money in your pocket unless you are collecting dividends off of it.
@_date: 2018-03-12 19:14:30
You' ll exhaust all your commodities trying to get to to a technological level that would get you practically nowhere if we are talking about the size of the Universe. The world is incredibly small, and its window of sustainability for its biology is very limited. No one wants to accept it, but our time is almost up. It was almost up right after it started. Biology simply doesn't persist in the Universe. We can all relate to that here in what amounts to incredibly stable and supporting ecosystems. There are only endless possibilities when we don't have to worry about that stuff, otherwise everything is about surviving, which we are not equipped to do forever. Futurists imagine humans escaping their biology as the only way out of our limitations. It's a correct interpretation, but I don't think it is possible. There's something about us that is more than algorithm.
@_date: 2018-02-27 19:52:59
It only derives its novel value in exchange. It will fail to do so as much when better versions of this show up as with any new commodity. It will not be a universal equivalent of value like money is. Nothing has gold's properties either. It doesn't imply value. Exchanges are what give you a sense of what the exchange value is. As for utility, that is something that the blockchain technology will gives us in spades when it spreads. That doesn't bode well for any particular singular example of a crypto currency. Limited in quantity means not much when quantity of crypto currencies can expand very easily. 
Keep in mind that all properties end up being used with the intent of the economic system in which it will exist. This commodity will be exploited for no great good for its ability to make people rich. Neoliberals desire new commodities more than anything else. They have found one here and that is why you will see all sorts of exchanges popping up on Wall Street. The people who think they are changing the world will walk right into the capitalists hands with this and probably fight everything of social good that could be done with blockchain.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:13:23
It is necessary.
Without regulation all capitalist enterprising societies will work their way towards a growing amount of hierarchy and inequality. The appeal of capitalism to capitalists is that they can participate in this differentiation favorably. In the words of Robert Mercer: your net wort becomes your worth as a human, and his cats have more worth than most do.
Citizen's freedoms are listed in legal government documents. All these imaginary things that we hear being bitched about concern things that are not freedoms at all are usually wishes and wants from selfish people. In the civilized world your freedoms are limited, but those you have are guaranteed. It's a nice exchange.
Commodity markets are regulated at the exchange level. The peer to peer crypto exchange is no different than the peer to peer exchanges that occur now. If you trade your work for a bucket of gravel you are still require to declare that as income. Peer to peer is still regulated too. Some people think they today have discovered an ideal way of breaking the law. Everyone breaking the law is an example of a mafia economy, though.
@_date: 2018-02-06 17:25:58
These are all people that have been conditioned to act on existing narratives is what I am saying. The narratives can get very complicated quite quickly, and the complexity itself can serve to convince people of the usefulness of this. It's probably more in vogue today with algorithms and the need to define occurrences from which one should act. If you dig deep into the matter you will find that it isn't a form of knowledge at all. It's a way to condition people on how to act. That is always the goal.
@_date: 2018-02-28 14:27:38
You don't get the last word by saying bye bye. This is not an assumption in capitalism. Value must flow in capitalism. There must be growth in the possibility to produce profits. By definition that is the arrival of something new and better.that will do this. This how the internet has changed in capitalism. What is new and better is what survives to allow profit to expand.Bitcoin will face alternatives. To think it won't is a huge assumption. This is hustle like anything else and everyone is trying to position themselves to profit from it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:53:21
It won't play on my tablet. Junk tablet, to be sure. 
@_date: 2018-11-21 03:59:41
Stealing the power is half the fun for miners!
@_date: 2018-02-14 12:18:39
I don't think it's avoidable when the pandora's box gets opened. If there is no stopping Bitcoin there is no stopping this. It has dystopian possibilities only to the degree that it's abused.  It would be the ultimate law an order tool for the political right that is marching us towards facism now, but that was really inevitable anyway. In the thinking of declinists the scenario of the right possibilities meeting up with the wrong people is exactly why we end up doing the very things that cement our decline. As apaling as it may sound I would expect both the right and center to be able to justify it. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:26:45
Death by thousand cuts my friends. In the end it will look pretty obvious why it has to be that way.
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:52:59
Really? Do you own an interest in the intellectual property when you buy the commodity it produces? I didn't think so. The technology in my computer is not something I become an owner in when I buy one or use one. It does, however, support those who own the intellectual property or sell computers. Don't get fooled into thinking you own anything but a beanie baby when you buy a commodity, even if it marketed as a trading commodity.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:06:13
It's still just an exchange. You are talking about a characteristic of the individual commodity and not properties of commodities. Every commodity out there has different characteristics. They are still all commodities. There is no characteristic that makes one not a commodity. Do you understand the difference? All commodities have some properties that one can objectify, namely that their value gets determined in exchange. It's not that way with government money within a country. The 20 dollar bill you have functions within your country with a guarantee that it will meet 20 dollars of government obligation. You don't have to run to a market to be told this, and there is no market to impose on money's promise that it will meet less than $20 of obligation. That doesn't hold for foreign places that are not subject a government's obligations.  You can however trade the government money on currency exchanges if you want to discover its relative value to another. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:01:14
It's too late. Its fate is sealed.  
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:01:44
It's not a black swan if everyone can see it coming. The black swan is that it will ruin many that can't see it coming. It will look crystal clear after the fact.
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:00:45
Is it the kind you plan to never sell?
@_date: 2018-02-03 19:42:37
Really? Scarcity=price? Never. It's actually a dynamic process. When things get so scarce that they start to get hoarded the accessible market in that disappears leading to a collapse in the demand. If you had experience in dealing in Antiques you would understand the relationship. What you really want is for there to be a huge demand in something cheap that you can always supply, like with fiat. Attach a fee to it, like an interest rate, and you have a business proposition. 
The hoarding nature of things in limited demand does not create a vigorous market in the underlying. 
@_date: 2018-02-16 04:23:44
Mankind likely won't last long enough for you to declare yourself victor over your imaginary enemies.
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:02:19
Simple exchange of one commodity for another. Value gets determined by market exchange. That's not money. Money is a universal equivalent of value. Money is such a standard that when you go and buy gold or silver there is no one asking you to run to market to verify that your money has value in relation to anything else. It is the standard of value that everyone accepts.
If you go and try and trade gold for dollars they will look up the last traded value of it and let you know how much your gold is worth at that time. Markets determine its value expressed in the standard.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:24:49
Treating pure speculative plays as investments is the beginning of irresponsibility.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:04:01
What is most fake is the linear thinking that many people assume is at work around price reflecting news at any given time. This was going to sell down anyway, so it's simply participants using the cover of news to not panic the market. It is my ongoing belief that large block holders are exiting gradually. Any bad  sounding news is an opportunity to have the holders think this is just news related and not a steady exodus.
@_date: 2018-02-13 13:04:56
It would not be forced if it came from self government in democratic fashion.what is most forced is what passes as free choice these days, as if the abject poor have in them the ability to chose to be their own masters. What becomes of those whose only choice is to stay beholden?  Do they really care that their consumer goods come in different colors, because that is about the only choice left to them.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:31:59
That comment is not meant for me and you know it. You want others reading here to think there is a certain level of expertise involved here that makes them be in group of wise guys. This is THE strategy that Wall Street has adopted for years, churning literature and advice that is suppose to make savvy investors.The dirty little secret is that there isn't. The only thing you need to know is that you being a participant is all they need. Same with this. No adopters equals no adoption. Understanding blockchain will give you about as much as under sting how radio works. It will give you no stake in anything because the blockchain isn't for sale. Only a commodity that employs it does.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:44:47
Are you begging now? This is how pathetic it has become here. People will do what they want in accordance with their intent. It was never their intent to give programmers work. Do you buy stocks to give bonuses to Wall street traders? No, you shut all that stuff out and hope there's something in it for you.
@_date: 2018-03-29 18:54:56
You want everyone to be abjectly poor as a way to make them equal to you? I suppose that's one way of doing it. Don't expect to find fans who have already benefited from the way things are. Most are obligated to their countries as citizens. Have you renounced your citizenship yet? There are great benefits to membership in some countries.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:09:54
You don't have to read anything. I don't write it specifically for you. Someone out there my be looking for some objective truths to understand all this. In the information sphere information works in many ways.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:47:59
You're deflecting. There is a contract behind it,  The $20 bill in you pocket isn't a contract either, but there's contract behind it. You could take the government to court if it refused to take it in payment of government obligations.
The original birth certificate contract exists. In my country, Canada, it is held by the Bank of Canada. You can request to see it in person or you can get a copy. They copy will have information blacked out.
@_date: 2018-03-02 18:29:30
That's the narrative that is trying to extract exchange value from you. Do not read PR materials to try and get a sense of exchange value. That is my suggestion to you. You only risk being caught into a story that sounds good and for which you have a psychological bias for favoring
A government backed crypto currency would be fixed as universal equivalent of value (money) in that country. It would be reference value and there is nothing better than that as a value proposition. 
That's not to say Bitcoin doesn't have utility value. It does. That gets eroded over time with competition until what is left is not much more than the cost of production. Since most Bitcoin were produced for not much that is where it will eventually head. To think otherwise is to see the future world with only one application of blockchain that functions as a monopoly.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:55:41
I don't sell because I do not own. From where I stand a drop to near zero would be a good thing if I decided to want to speculate on this. Since more are non owners then owners I think it is safe to say that the non owners will let the owners sweat it out as those who stand to cash out billions on an explosive growth story do what most dream of doing--make off with a king's ransom. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:21:26
Yes you do if you are a citizen. That's a contractual agreement. You'd have to escape your country if the obligation was extended to mean military service. We are not free men. We get into a consensual relationship when we accept a citizenship agreement. 
This will of course make Libertarian heads explode.
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:10:58
And you have no money to meet your government obligations yet. Thank you for providing me with a real world example.
@_date: 2018-02-13 13:05:21
Typical argument. It's actually good that people who want to buy Bitcoin can read the opinions of the libertarians who so feverishly promote it as a means to an end they identify with.
There is no free market. Me transacting with you potentially impacts everyone. What there is in the world are relationships on many levels. You cannot escape them by claiming a right to liberty. Complete alienation from responsibility is freedom.to libertarians. 
Government allows you to own land. If it did not a warlord would possess it and your relation to him would still need to be maintained. In a free for all existence you are nothing but a lobster fighting it out on the ocean bottom with his fellow crustaceans. It is by forming working and respecting relationships that we move forward.  Those who is think they are free to do as they please are agents of chaos.
@_date: 2018-02-16 04:13:55
Nothing has changed. It still has no guarantee of value. Caveat Emptor.
@_date: 2018-02-02 21:30:25
And they will have to buy a scarce commodity to transact from you? Nonsense.
@_date: 2018-02-09 21:30:58
I understand it completely, and there is nothing here that is fundamentally new outside of the information sciences.  It's not simply peer-to-peer. How can you say that? The part where you send your money to an exchange for bitcoin is just as real as the peer-to-peer transaction after. 
Keep in my that by doing something that is illegal you aren't really making it legal. As far as government is concerned, making it illegal to distribute torrents solved that problem. It's just about a desire to enforce or not after that.  You seems to say that a huge network of people will impose its way over our current system. It won't. That sort of populism is not ever tolerated. It remains just a libertarian dream.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:51:30
Were you registered at birth?
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:18:30
Why don't you take Bitcoin's word for it then. I just set up a wallet and it clearly said you were dealing in a commodity AT YOUR OWN RISK when you were doing exchanges. That warning is explicit to all exchanges too. Don't expect anyone to allow you to say that Bitcoin is just Bitcoin. It functions as any other commodity would despite being different. Copper has different uses than gold. Both are commodities. You can print and store cryptographically secure information on copper too. The properties don't make it not be a commodity.
@_date: 2018-02-28 20:59:55
The right pumping Zero Hedge. Nothing has changed in the world.
@_date: 2018-02-14 16:22:50
Did they hire special people to run POS terminals for credit/debit card transactions?
I'll be curious how receipts and transaction records get handled with this technology.
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:07:26
Nonsense. It is commodity and commodity is exactly what everything that trades in exchanges is. There's nothing new and super with this commodity in terms of how it relates to anything else. Its usefulness is derived from information properties of blockchain technology which is sadly not going to be specific to the Bitcoin brand name. Just like silver or gold have some fluctuating value, Bitcoin will have one too. It will weaken when better alternatives of blockchain technology are offered. A person could list properties that would be more desirable than what Bitcoin offers so it ought to be obvious that it could wane in favor.
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:50:14
Do you own a part of toy company when you purchase a beanie baby? How does the value of the company get reflected in what it produces and how do I get my hands on the business profits? If the answer is that I must turn to a lightening network of beanie baby trading to squeeze out an unrelated gain then the proposition is a very bad one indeed. I would put my long term profitability outcome at near zero knowing what I do about fads.
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:15:57
Your contract is not floating in limbo. $20 worth of legal tender will meet $20 of obligations no matter what a foreigner thinks of his arrangement.  There is no law that prescribes values in currency exchanges either. They are market driven. Dollars traded that way are traded as commodity money, which is where you need to place bitcoin.
Bitcoin cannot supplant legal tender. It will trade in a landscape where value  in fundamental money is still based in obligation.
Trust has no bearing on anything after you sign up to be a citizen. At that point you have signed on to obligation in exchange for stability. You may distrust your government and hate the legal tender but you cannot escape your obligations. The need for legal tender is real and it is tied to citizenship. The value of money comes from the shared need, not a shared trust. The promise that legal tender will meet the obligations is enough to have us work for it.Civilization can thus accomplish things in a centrally controlled way with collective in mind.
Bitcoin  is commodity that gets traded in forms of legal tender. It will never become a way to meet your obligations unless governments change the contract. Until then its value is underpinned by a market of traders in it. That market continuously alters the contract and the face value of the commodity unit. It is not like my $20 bill  that continues to meet the same level of  obligation.Bitcoin actually needs a stable contract of money to underpin the exchange of it. That's why we get it expressed interns of what is most solid.
Most economic textbooks today still misrepresent what money is. It is fundamentally contractual. It never originated in barter or as an exchange commodity. Since day one it resided in a right to something in exchange of something as prescribed by a controlling authority. Commodity exchanges followed. 
Bitcoin Is like gold. It has properties that gold doesn't have and vice versa. Is it a store of wealth or information, yes. Does that give it exchange value? Only if that perception is real and not in question. Do we trust gold? No. We trust a story about gold. Nothing exists that guaranteed its value going forward. 
The invisible hand of the market does not exist as most assume it does. That is another story that hinges on trust. Adam Smith used it in way that most don't even appreciate. He was referencing how the loyalty of British people would remain towards British producers as if they were being guided by above. It was like him saying that human nature would force participants' behaviors.
Government by the consent of the governed is as good as it gets. There is no order in self government and no order would come from allowing unlimited freedom. Whether you like paying taxes is irrelevant because you are obliged to do so.You'd be obliged to sacrifice your life if it ever came to be your obligation, as it has in past times. There will always have to be obligation and that is what  we established with our form of government. 
It may on some level feel very constraining but that is the price of growing order and complexity. We only fail to progress when our experiment about shared obligation becomes too much about individual success. Capitalism actually works against the establishment of government by creating its own hierarchy and inequality that we too easily bemoan government for imposing on us. Unmolested capitalism does not, however, have to be the thing that governments promote.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:06:19
People about to die sometimes take on a fetal position to conserve heat. Not sure what's going on now.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:16:54
There isn't. Traders want you to think there is for when it will go a bit beyond that level. All this jargon exists to work on you psychologically. You could wake up tomorrow and find yourself in a totally different trading environment. Every day brings on its new psychological barriers.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:20:30
Whoa. Not the same there buddy. When you buy into Microsoft you get a miniscule cut of their intellectual property. When you buy a bitcoin it is like you bought Windows 10 produced by Microsoft's  technology. Windows supports Microsoft's vision while giving you no share in the success of that vision. Think about that for a while. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 12:29:38
Poorer or richer measured in what sense? The prevalence and growth of mental health related issues are at an all time high. Diseases of despair are at an all time high. That tells you all you need to know. It is not by putting a growing number next to one's net worth that we get to say we are better off. Our food is not better for us either. It is more profitable to some when we eat to the point of gluttony. Even it delivers growing inequality to us.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:43:03
Another old order filled without knowledge?
@_date: 2018-11-19 20:35:52
The book has already been written: Capital volume I. Everyone with two bits of knowledge about money's nature has read it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:39:36
Pretty much. Visa and MC being good capitalists won't let anyone ride on this without them being protected or compensated. Bitcoinrelated fraud may be huge for all we know. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 23:20:15
It doesn't have to approve anything. You are born and registered into obligation and from that, value is gained with government contract. The value (to you) is backed by what you would surrender if you didn't meet your obligations. It's super real, and it underpins stable value of money. The most stable governments have the most desirable contracts.
Why on earth wouldn't you try to convince people to deal in sand if everything can be money of value? Could it have anything to do with the fact that it's not scarce and not guaranteed to have value? Scarcity with no guarantee is just a shade better than sand.
Good stable money is contract, and I can assure you that if you go to any bitcoin site there is a disclaimer saying that bitcoin carries no guarantee. Caveat Emptor. As far as I'm concerned you' re giving up something when you are trading something of guaranteed value for something that has none. Hopes and prayers and the goodwill of others is all that you can turn to.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:07:01
Believe me when I say that the credit to you is just a bookkeeping entry. It does not come from the bank's accounts or anyone else's . It's up to you to fulfill the promise or that service will disappear.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:41:20
Listen to yourself now. You would want power to be held by a private tyranny and for people to distrust government by the consent of the governed? Are you fuckin' serious?
This is the danger of this age. Corporations are not democratic. You leave all semblance of democracy at the door when you enter their work space. The decisions that will define your life are made a by small class of self ingratiating men, directors on a board. The motive force is only their profit motive. What about all the things that you might want  to have addressed? No regulation either? Wonderful.
  
@_date: 2018-02-02 19:03:10
$20 at a time I suppose. With certain amounts it hardly matters what you do. You don't seem to be stemming the tide of sellers yet.
What we are seeing is just on balance volume going up these days. In other words, early entrants are being replaced by higher entry points. I still think the majority of money in this is in at a very low point that doesn't reflect the current price. The floor is a lot lower.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:09:17
On the underside of those dips was a trend upward? What is the trend that these dips are riding on?
@_date: 2018-11-16 22:22:06
In PR it's stories that matter. To have suggestions be accepted you must be a good story teller.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:52:03
There is no relation. It's like trying to pinpoint an economic relatioship for a currency exchange rate. It's market driven. If there is desire by market participants for commodity exchanges rates to be this or that it will be so. The economy could be really good, but if all bitcoin participants refuse to bid up the commodity it will not correlate with the economic well being.
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:23:22
Depends what your goal posts are. No one in this will not get an education, so there will be winners in that sense.
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:14:28
No it isn't. It's just narrative like how many times earnings or profits you should pay for a stock. There is huge value in getting legions of people following narratives. Aside from that it is looking in the rear view mirror to make decisions about what is ahead. It tends to be right in hinsight and to be useless in predicting. It's always the actual trading that moves prices. There's nothing fundamental about it. There statistical measures you can look at to see  what the movement of prices are, but they inform you of nothing in the way of reasoning. Talking heads love to throw out this stuff and youth likes to think it is something they might to be able to study to gain understanding. The degree with which many live  by this represents a massive propaganda wave of past success by those who started off selling investment news letters and courses years ago. The jargon is now ubiquitous with modern markets.
@_date: 2018-03-09 16:26:30
Man and his biosphere is not infinite. He is simply organism of which there can be too many. The biosphere is not carved in stone either. It exists in a window of time. No supporting biosphere=very limited opportunity.
Keep in mind that in the Great Depression the Universe was infinite too. People starved to death from lack of opportunity, not a lack of resources.
The vastness of the Universe is beyond our scope to exploit. We cannot step a foot outside of our biosphere without taking with us a reasonable facsimile of it for the ride. Our limitations are biological. Mind you, a lot of you techies think that we are on a path of tranhumanism where we will evolve out of our own biology. To those machines there will be great opportunities, but what is the meaning of an algorithm who has as a purpose capitalist accumulation? 
On the energy issue there are real limits too. All energy use brings on heat loss by Carnot inefficiency. There is a scale of energy use, no matter how it is generated, that is problematic to our planet. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:58:13
How would I know this? How does hoarding something give it increased value?
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:40:44
Corporation= private tyranny. 
You are not far off by saying that the thing that pushes Libertarians towards thinking up Bitcoin is the disgust around having the dominant economic structure of our time being a form of centralized authoritarianism based in control by a handful of men in a crony class of self ingratiating directors.
Most people assume this reality comes out of government, though. It actually comes out of unfettered capitalism. The thing that hierarchy and inequality has brought on is the corporation in law with all its advantages.
Bitcoin's appeal is largely because many think there's an escape from all this in money that isn't based in government contract. It would be simpler to weaken capitalists' control of our politics if you ask me.  Electing pro capitalist, pro corporate governments will not relieve the problems of hierarchy and inequality. Neither will commodity money. It takes a better government contract.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:17:38
The early entrants are doing all the marketing. From their mouths to others' ears. There' s a lot of propaganda that gets repackaged and supported here in the form of unoriginal posts. You can dig very hard and not come up with too many of the most basic criticisms of Bitcoin. 
The thing that will muscle out bitcoin is the thing that you will not be an early entrant in, so don't worry about being able to cash in on it.
@_date: 2018-02-03 19:44:22
If you can why would you go the extra route to buy bitcoin first? Sure go ahead and buy with USD. No need to be dealing in third party money at all.
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:21:03
It proves that traders exploit psychology, that's about it.
@_date: 2018-02-12 19:49:57
Your sale was someone else's buy. The amount of good fortune cancels out.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:50:02
And not limit your losses? Why does it bother you that someone might want to exercise caution with his money? Is it by any chance related to you not wanting to see more sellers? I really chuckle when I see people pretend to be looking out for others best interest by trying to keep them in by suggesting they are locking in losses. What if they are locking in the opposite of further losses? Who can pretend to know either way? 
@_date: 2018-03-07 23:08:09
All commodity exchanges deal in money. Money today is fiat.
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:46:44
it sees a way out of having to rely on currency exchange markets to have an influx of capital. As it is now it must ship out lots of its currency for the goods that are not produced internally. Higher costs of everything cuts into growth which makes things worse. I don't think their efforts will be supported. Maybe by illegally operating groups, but nations who have a dominating relationship over them have no interest in helping hem out.
@_date: 2018-02-08 05:17:01
Fiat is the best form of money you can imagine by definition. Money is contract. Always has been. It's an old myth still peddled in basic economic textbooks that money comes from bartering commodities. That's not money. That's just an example of agreeing on a common exchange commodity. 
Government obligation is what gives government money value. If no one had any obligations to government I can assure you no libertarian would want to deal in it. But we have to because it is the only thing that settles our obligations. The common need is what gives it a common use and value. It's value is what you would lose if you failed to meet your obligation. By enforceable contract someone would take something of value from you.
I'm not inventing all this stuff up. Since the dawn of civilization money has been contract. It started off as clay tablet and it was based in the right to farm fertile land controlled by a ruler in exchange for a portion of the harvest paid on the threshing floor. Contract is what built civilization.
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:47:27
Everyone's story will look like that when all is said and done.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:56:51
There's nothing fundamentally new in the world. We are still just communicating no matter how it gets dressed up. How does anyone produce wealth from communication? It still requires s fundamental business model. Our society is based on consumerism helped along by advertising. 
@_date: 2018-02-12 21:19:27
A job is a form of wage slavery which can be as exploitative as we allow it to be. Your need for money comes from obligation. You have a stomach, you have basic needs and you have government obligations.
Your obligations deliver you to a supplier of the money that represents the means to meet your obligations. You are in fact pushed in the direction of serving as a slave with the only liberty that you will turn over all democratic voice at the door or else die. That is what is there at the foundation of your choice.
There is no free market. All is based in meeting obligation. Everything is coerced.
Libertarianism as it parades around today is a desire for free for all and it is childish. It will deliver you right into the hands of the people that are rallying you in this direction because their freedom will crush yours. We see that well enough today.
Democratic control of the means of production by labor is something that is highly prized, and that was viciously fought for in America.  Today the foolish youth would go to work for the very worst type of monsters and get solace from the fact they are doing well when others are starving and being exploited by the need created by our collective obligations.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:13:20
They were. They are exiting and hoping for recovery to sell again. People with a billion dollars in paper value understand that they are going to get only a fraction of that when they get out. They have to move in steps to not create large moves. News like this is an opportunity to hide in the bushes and have front pagers here defend the drop by saying its unsophisticated sellers acting. I doubt that it is. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 06:18:03
What crash? This is still a very orderly retreat.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:30:00
No new economics have been generated lately. Put that idea aside.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:16:05
Bitcoin is a skill now?
@_date: 2018-02-05 17:01:41
It is their bankruptcy, isn't it? Their promise to pay back collapsed and they will incur the penalty. The bank would be left with an acceptable shortfall since their business profits can swallow dealing with the note that has no value. They may opt to sell that note to a collection agency for pennies on the dollar.You' all only fail to borrow fro yourself for a while.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:32:21
He has no audience. Who are you kidding?
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:23:26
No. This is the libertarian tripe that is dangerous. 
Bitcoin is easily regulated. Governments would only have to increase the amount of obligations people have until they were forced to sell it to someone (unfavorably) to meet their obligations. People who have Bitcoin and a desire to live in just a Bitcoin economy will always have to run to an exchange to retrieve money.There lots of mechanisms by which your hand can be forced.
The hard reality of this world is that you have obligation towards power. There' s no better way to have it than to have the power holding entity be responsible government. That's the exact opposite that libertarians work towards, and it is why we live in a Kakistrocracy at this moment in time. Too much goes unregulated.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:31:42
You might want to read up about how it is you are born and registered into citizenship. Believe it or not there is paperwork that needs to be signed and it is in fact contractual. The certificate you get fails to inform you of the terms and conditions. The name you have is a legal name. It takes another contract to change it.
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:08:31
Like most economists today, they don't really understand the world we live in. He's no smarter than the people he looks down on. For the record, there haven't been classical economists around for along time, and you won't find any of those in the Chicago business schools.
Economics today is divorced with reality more and more. Why shouldn't we expect to see those who think that must continue to grow?
Crypto currencies will one day be the thing we deal in, but they will have the same exact properties that government backed money does + all their beneficial qualities.
Bitcoin is a lot like dealing in metallic commodities, and it has very undesirable qualities as it exists now. A vote for this early incarnation of it is a mistake for reasons we have experienced before. There's nothing good that comes out of scarcity of a commodity that takes huge amounts of energy to produce and that carries no guarantee. It's the exact opposite of what you want as money.
@_date: 2018-03-02 19:45:12
There's only capitalism. If you think there's anything else you are deluded. Neoliberalism, which is the political arm of capitalism rules almost everywhere in the West.
So many people are trying hard to confuse people with this. It's not going to work. You can distill this into its essence and come out to an understanding of it. There is a new commodity trying to carve out an existence in the financial arena, yes. But that is still a commodity in capitalism. What is most real in all of this is the relationships that come out of capitalism. Value flows into the hands of the people at the top. That's how it works. Congratulations on carving out more value for the same old elite with this new commodity. I hope a lot of good feels come from it as people funnel the value upward in their daily lives.
If you wanted to make it revolutionary you'd make it so it wasn't a commodity that could be owned, just used. No one would bother doing it, though. In capitalism a way to extract value must exist. 
Socially this is a setback that one can measure by the size of the value capture because it will end up at the top where it will work as political power to not change the world. Capitalism will continue to look for more avenues to extract value for good feels (capture objectively for subjective decentralized gain)
@_date: 2018-02-09 20:45:46
How did they seize gold? They said: you must deliver it to us by such and such a time and receive a fixed price or else. 
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:44:58
I don't believe that at all, and I agree with you there. It is worth saying it over and over, though, because there are libertarians everywhere who think this is their freedom ticket to free-for-all-ville. The peer-to-peer economy is still quite small and it really doesn't get around anyone's obligations. If you worked and were paid in bitcoin you still have to report the income and pay taxes in government originated money. Bitcoin may offer an easier way to be a criminal/outlaw to those who want to go that route.
@_date: 2018-02-11 17:21:55
Whose blaming everything on capitalism. it has good aspects and bad aspects. The worst aspects of it are the unavoidable building up of hierarchies and inequalities. It is either regulated to not allow this or abandoned it unfettered capitalism is the other option. In our world it's going to be a fight to the death to have it be one or the other. Delivering decentralized power to capitalists by the billions doesn't help that at all. We have problems with billionaires now, but there are legions of other people behind them who dream of joining their ranks. Some form of centralized control of them is essential. what little schmucks think they will gain from this hardly matters.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:37:27
That would be a mistake. Most are still way ahead. Very low levels will have to be reached for capitulation to happen. We haven't seen the lightening fast drops where exiters are unable to even react. I've seen crashes before and this has been orderly. Make sure you don't confuse markets and individual offerings here. Whole indexes and markets don't usually fall this pronoucely but we are talking about a different animal here.
@_date: 2018-03-22 21:20:26
Energy being wasted in not a subjcetive reality. It is an objective reality that cannot be argued away. Every time energy is used in a technology 30% of it is lost to Carnot inefficiency right off the top. All technology brings with it waste of energy. 
That wasted energy is experienced as heat which actually puts an upward limit to how much technology we can have in place at any given time on this planet. At current exponential growth rates of annual energy consumption we are facing another 400 or so years of compounding 2.3% growth before we boil off the oceans of the Earth. That was understood in the 1970s. Technology growth rates and energy growth rates show no signs of abating. In fact they are accelerating as we use technology to drive profit making any way we can.
Today we have capitalist apologists who still continue to tell you that nothing that we do is objectively bad in our finite biosphere. That's 100% a lie.
@_date: 2018-02-08 05:31:27
Libertarian heads will explode everywhere if that is not declared wrong. Do what you have to to save your sanity. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 18:56:07
I'm self employed and don't have much use for money. I meet my government obligations easily. I can sit back and laugh at all you folks looking to make a mint by just owning commodities. Like that has ever worked....
@_date: 2018-03-09 15:24:09
I'm not going to take my cues from folks who think anything can be money and that what is money should be instead called currency. Government money is universal standard of value within its borders and it is also its currency. Bitcoin is neither money nor is it currency. It is commodity. I have no doubt you can pull out a definition out of some economic philosophy's lexicon to argue with me. 
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:45:34
Don't bring her to Vegas then.
@_date: 2018-11-19 15:55:11
Yawn. The coming debt crisis has been long in the making for these chicken littles. Since money is unilimited in quantity how can you ever run out of it to service your debt? Even better, existing debt can be dwarfed by the rising price of assets. The system cannot fail to work for asset owners. It absolutely fails to work for renters in the rentier economy, but they aren't the measure of economic stability.
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:23:26
Well, this is something you should be looking into. Blockchain was not invented for Bitcoin. Bitcoin happens to be an application using blockchain. The technology may have needed a first application, but we should still understand that it isn't the blockchain that is riding on the success of Bitcoin. This information technology will serve for contracts, authentication and many other things. One should expect that central banks will want to use it for government currencies also. They don't have turn their power over to Bitcoin holders.
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:57:13
Contract. The money you are given by government is contractually agreed upon to meet your obligations to government. The secondary trading value of it resides in everyone's shared obligation. No matter what, a dollar will meet a dollar's worth of obligation.  As it is now all the bitcoin in the world does not carry a guarantee of anything from one day to the next, just like any other commodity.
Those who will say to you that it can bootstrap itself into being contract are lying because no one owes anything to bitcoin. Secondary trading markets in it will always exist, and they will fluctuate based on the undesirable condition of scarcity. It's trying to be a better version of gold.
It's not nothing. Your obligation is real because it is also contractual if you are a citizen. What is real is you being a citizen, and for that luxury things are demanded of you. That obligation serves as the fundamental backer of government money.
@_date: 2018-02-09 19:57:49
This is just saying that despots and countries that have terrible systems ought to have the benefit of not experiencing economic pressure to change. It will only allow worse, no?
@_date: 2018-02-09 21:32:38
Let's not assume they have the power to change the world.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:54:54
I agree. I actually wrote a bit about why this would happen, so I am happy to see it happen if for no other reason that it confirms that my assumptions are correct.
@_date: 2018-03-02 20:16:25
We' re talking Bitcoin here. Cryto will survive quite nicely, institutionalized with all the current guarantees of government money.
As for the internet, it ended up falling completely into capitalists hands with the support of neoliberal governments. It never really started with that proposition. It was sold as away to communicate and share better and more efficiently. I was a tech person in my early 20s before the internet, and I would not have predicted how far off it strayed from its initial ambitions so quickly. Today it is nothing more than an advertising flyer and  place for commerce. It looks more like TV than TV did back then. We all pay more for this sort of advertising exposure, and we get more nice feels from it too. It hasn't really changed the quality of discourse between humans, though.This is why Bitcoin isn't revolutionary. Blockchain will displace workers, though. All new technology does. Some will gain, many more will suffer. That is what happens when value is extracted.
My prediction: the economy will grow, profits will grow and we will all be worse off twenty years from now for it as some other value seizing proposition comes atop this one.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:10:42
Whoa? Are you bemoaning the fact that there is no more free land to be had on this globe? What forces this relationship are hard realities. If you can find a place where you can be born into free man status take it, but I'm not sure any of those unclaimed lands exist.
Your parent made a decision for you based on what they know of the world. You still do retain the right to walk away from your citizenship and head for ports of call unknown somewhere.
What exists today is a choice of nations with different citizenship agreements. Countries vigorously tout theirs. In my country their is universal healthcare. In some others there isn't but their is possibility of profiting from providing healthcare to others.
It is not true that we are born rich beyond belief and that we have things taken from us. We are born into abject poverty and we move up from that helped by the relationships we have with our country.
Are we owned? No. Do we agree to sell ourselves in part into a project for the benefits or order and stability? Yes.
Exploitation within that framework can occur but that is always going to be from economic realities that are promoted within a country. A job is a form of wage slavery. There is always an exchange. The gun to our heads is food, shelter, love and whatever else we feel we must have. We cannot escape that, so yes we are born into a debt condition.
@_date: 2018-03-29 17:56:29
We means everyone. You are just abjectly poor if you are like all the rest looking to score a massive lottery win with some speculative narrative.
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:20:46
That's going to be a common route for governments stepping in and thwarting this. The grid should not serve those who want decentralized money. Data carriers should step in too. In the end crypto will fall into centralized control by existing elites because it needs the underlying infrastructure that is already controlled.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:47:06
It's not my view as much as it has been our History. Government by the consent of the governed was progress. Do we need government? If we want civilization we need government and centralized authority. It doesn't matter if we are talking family units, tribes, kingdoms, countries or schools. Order and stability requires a centralized authority or else it will devolve into individuals fighting to have theirs own way.
It's not just human populations either. The cells in your body deal in energy like we deal in money. There's a system of control that is built into our biology that makes sure all cells get their energy requirement met and that no hoarding occurs. It had to be that way for multicellular creatures to grow in order and complexity. What was gained was enormous cells could become specialized and not look after every function individually. There are obvious parralels in all cases where multiple individuals subject themselves to common authority. Order and stability grows with the higher degree of freedom from tasks.
No civilization would have developed out of individuality.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:30:44
Sure it will. Cuz there's nothing like a million different things trying to be the newest get rich scheme. Were any of you alive and speculating in the .com era? The companies that survived are the ones successfully selling advertising today. new technology my ass. The model remains the same for success. It demands money flows and people skimming them.
@_date: 2018-02-01 20:58:43
A bit of reality. We haven't had a major technological revolution in over a hundred years. This is all just refinement we are witnessing. Kids ought to understand this. we' re still just humans with the same needs dependent on the same environmental conditions.
@_date: 2018-02-06 18:23:43
These are things you might want to ask capitalists who get to use money as they see fit without much regulation.
Too much credit? That's the private sector lenders offering it, isn't it? Borrowers are borrowing from themselves (their future revenues) not a pool of money the government is expanding to punish them.
Prices too high? That's the private sector asking and getting in accordance with profit motivations. The private sector owes you nothing because of the nature of money.
 
Wages stagnant? Money has nothing to do with the relationship between labor and capital. Wage slavery is not ideal if one wants to be able to control his wages, but everywhere I read people appear to be clamoring for jobs just the same.
Almost everything that people hate and that got Trump elected has a direct correlation to capitalism's downside which rides on a very good working and stable money system. Money itself imposes nothing on you. It's in getting into needy relationships with capitalists that we really limit our choices.
Money does not create hierarchy and inequality if it is just being money. Capitalism does that work because it is fundamentally meritocratic.
@_date: 2018-03-26 18:43:34
It's all too common. By the time something gets into the  mainstream at the level of the lowly schmucks its too late to profit from a frenzy. We' re now in the shake out phase where people hanging on have to contend with time pressures of having money just sit not doing squat.
This guy may have bought 50$ worth in both instances. Who knows.
@_date: 2018-02-08 05:36:50
That's another way you can displace the feeling of discomfort. You do realize it's impossible for you to feel anything for me, right? That's just a con.
@_date: 2018-02-12 20:01:15
Bible is fiction. Caveat Emptor.
@_date: 2018-02-13 15:11:53
They are not when the central bank operates them. Bitcoin is. There's a been a lot written about this. Don't confuse the two realities. The people at the ground level of Bitcoin have spoken out quite a bit of how "evil" crypto currencies could be if they were in the "wrong" hands. Evil and wrong referring to centralized control structures using decentralized networks to their advantage..
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:00:13
There is no accounting trick to create money. All money exists as a promise to pay it back. Any shortfall created by someone not paying his private sector debts will work its way to someone else who is also not creating money out of thin air.Forgiving debt would be akin to creating money, and this is why countries like the US make every effort possible to make sure no one walks away from personal debt who can have a pound of flesh extracted from them.
There's basically two ways to grow the size of the pie: grow the population and/or grow productivity. The amount of credit will expand, but that is just an artifice of giving to the living some of their future earnings. It's as if we are counting the living as more than one person at any given time. 
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:49:30
Orderly because it is happening at a slow pace. Exiting anywhere along the downturn would have been possible. There have been no huge gaps in prices, the type that put speculators deeply upside down. The speed has been uncharacteristic of a crash. With capitulation you get precipitous drops in very short periods with huge gaps in pricing. Keep in mind that this rarely occurs with markets or whole indexes because the economy is never in serious danger of shrinking that much.
@_date: 2018-02-05 16:31:29
Yes it is. You are not borrowing another person's money. You are saying : I am borrowing from myself to have money now. You receive the money, a bank receives a note that cancels out that money. In time nothing is created as both money and note cancel out.
@_date: 2018-02-16 04:12:19
Bitcoin hasn't crashed yet. No one capitulated.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:42:53
There are no fundamentasls by which you derive a price. I can say this with enormous confidence because there is no theory of value in the economy. There is nothing that has perceived value that gets it because it has to. Everything hinges on having people believe narratives, like paying certain multiples of profits or earnings for stocks and such. You or I are clueless how something like this ought to be valued. Should the very stable $20 bill in my pocket trade for more face value next week? It seems not. Everyone assumes that the face value remains the same because it's stability is unquestioned.
@_date: 2018-02-09 22:45:15
Inflation is necessary unless you want the size of the economy to be forever the same and for everyone to be dealing in transactions measured in 1 billionths of cent to accommodate real world growth.
New money allows those born into a poverty condition to not have to go to someone who has money and accept this person's terms and conditions for acquiring some which can come from nowhere else. The later born person can borrow against his future earnings to save himself from the horrors of scarcity.
Fixed quantity and a small number of owners favors the older participants. This is the reasoning behind the bitcoin frenzy. There's this childish belief that the world will come to run on something that a few early adopter have hoarded.
Money is most advantageous when it is circulating well. It is imperative that a hoarding condition not be allowed to exist, because that represents a barrier to activity. Not activity=no market.
The very best kind of money would expire in such a way that it would be of no use hoarded. A model for that exists with commodities futures contracts. Bitcoin would benefit from this sort of thing to keep it in motion.
A world full of hierarchy and inequality thrives on the ability to hoard assets. Bitcoin promises that, and because of this it represents the same old failed money systems we had before (see gold).
All the energy used does not even provide you with a simple contract or guarantee.  You are transacting safely in a condition of no guarantee. Feel better?  Money is essentially contract. With bitcoin you have a commodity which you must purchase in an exchange and sell into an exchange. Behind it is still the same old government contract. 
Inflation is not "bad". Hierarchy and inequality can be very "bad".
@_date: 2018-02-04 00:46:33
Fiat is just a promise like all forms of legal tender. It doesn't matter if it is real or not. The beauty of it is that it cannot be hoarded or suffer from scarcity. That's the property that money should have, otherwise it will fall in the hands of successful hoarders who will demand more and more in from your life in exchange. Being able to go to the bank and borrow money that is purely a promise to pay it back is so much better than having to mine a commodity.
@_date: 2018-02-01 19:40:08
The idea, if it has any merit, will be mimicked by existing centralized entities. Bitcoin in such case would be no different than a brand name of washing machines or radios. Governments will never support bitcoin when it could back governmentcoin. That offering would have all the desirable properties plus government guarantee of stable value.
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:51:12
I do not see how this is avoidable. Blockchain is a great technology and it will find its home where it serves the collective best.
@_date: 2018-04-10 14:23:08
You can charge what you want for anything and the market in it will determine if that price will hold. Everything runs through the market. The high price of it is in fact a reality that stops it from being used more. That sort of thing is helped if you have a monopoly addressing a need.
The value of money is underpinned by the fact that one dollar meets one dollar of obligation. That has not changed ever. The value of gold is not underpinned by your obligation. It is free to fluctuate all over the f'n place. One ounce can be priced to anything at the discretion of the market, but that has not changed the fact that one dollar meets one dollar of obligation. Commodity speculation is what allows speculators to do arbitrage and end up with money to the good. Money ends up being the standard to define even your gain because nothing else is out there able to meet your government obligation. Gold has speculative utility, like Bitcoin and other commodities.
Assets can be seized from you indirectly by requiring you to come up with money from the sale of them. Failure to do so out of your free will will cost you something at some point. If you keep your Bitcoin you will be living in a rather tight bubble of limited possibilities. This type of argument is in fact the libertarian argument for the destruction of our societal arrangements in favor of free for all. It's incredibly not well thought out since most of what we benefit from in this world comes out of the complexity that we have attained by way of having a system of Laws enforced by governments. Where there are no laws there is chaos.
A sovereign nation can in theory never go bankrupt it could originate money until the end of time. All that would change is the commodity value of this money outside of its borders. Debt on the books of government is asset on the books of the private sector. There is always the ability to tax and return to government, via obligation, enough money to have the necessary money flow.
On the last point. A commodity that has limited quantity and that has no obligation to ensure it flows  favors hoarders and the first people to put their hands on it. It will lead to the greatest amount of hierarchy because it can be completely owned and completely manipulated. Fiat cannot. Anyone can borrow against his earning potential because he borrows from himself. No one is beholden to another to pay him a wage for the possibility of him getting his hands on something scarce and necessary. The Bitcoin commodity as trading chip experiment failed a long time before Bitcoin showed up. Trump doesn't control money and he cannot corrupt what money is objectively. He can only touch you by doing politics, and that is something that will exist in all systems that have oversight. If you want stability in politics vote wisely.
@_date: 2018-04-09 22:36:47
Bitcoin has no value that is not attributed to it by a market. Pretty much all you have written there is amateurish foolishness based in some basic misunderstandings.
Government money is backed by obligation and they are the realest thing in the world. If you don't meet your obligation your assets will be seized to meet them. $1 worth of money meets $1 worth of obligation. Without obligation the money would have no value. Nothing but government money settles government obligation, which is why its value is carved in stone as standard of value. We trade money based in our shared obligation.
The average price of producing a Bitcoin is not the price to produce it now. It is the average for every one since inception. That value is pretty low and significantly less than what you have quoted. That amount is the floor upon which one can add some utility value.
Coming back to utility what is the amount of money we ought to pay for a commodity that allows no great way to profit by the use of it?
@_date: 2018-04-02 03:29:12
That a sovereign government is not like a consumer? It's not. It doesn't borrow in the sense you do. The obligation on the note is that money will return to settle it, not that a government owes it. It will come and take it where it is if money has to and return it to where it came from. The pressure is on the private sector to cough it up or the government to sell more obligations. The money never belonged to the private sector. It's intent was just that it would use it as it circulated. Hoarders don't get this. They are convinced that money belongs to them once it has landed in their hands.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:58:21
It could do that in time, and it could come to accept it as a way to meet obligation. It would not allow anyone to mine it into existence with algorithms, though. For anything to come out of nothing there must be asset to meet obligation. That is true with our physical reality too. Out of the void comes quantum fluctuations that make particles appear with a borrowed energy that comes form an unknown yet accountable source that has a fundamental bias towards settling debts and allowing things to have a life (like our economy based in credit). Our Universe is such a proposition where the lifetime of particles trick us into believing that there exists something lasting when all that must really exist is a borrowing that must again be settled at some point. I believe that the money system itself came out of the same time when the quantum nature of the world came to be understood better. It makes enormous sense on some deep level. Bitcoin does not function by a sound logic as money. It makes sense only as a commodity.
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:11:16
Money creation is a double entry bookkeeping exercise. What is unnatural about it? The Universe uses the same principles when originating particles from the void.
Lack of regulation is what killed the stock market in 1929. Everyone and their dog was buying on huge margin. The margin was being extended by private banks, not central banks. They were lending well beyond their ability to support a downturn. It's capitalists that screwed up, not government. Government (Hoover's government) screwed up when it failed to originate money and capitalize the economy. It was an abysmal failure of the political sphere, not of the nature of money. FDR saved the day by spending money into existence, or else everyone would have starved waiting for capitalists to get money flowing form people who had none. 2008 was a success story in dealing politically with the aftermath of capitalists fucking up again because of lack of regulation. The very same type of high leverage that killed the economy in 1929 crept back into the economy with unregulated private economic powerhouses  gaming the system in their favor. Money itself is not a problem. For every dollar of public debt there is a corresponding private sector asset. It's when the political sphere starts doling out the freedom to avoid obligation to settle debt that we start to wonder how long it is before government can manage all the obligations when the capitalists are not living up to them.  The game is about circulation and money flow, not accumulation. Hoarders are the enemy of money and societal good.
@_date: 2018-04-06 16:00:44
With governments and its citizens the incentive has always been obligation in exchange for asset (living in the society we accept to join). The citizen agrees to be a part of the collective and reaps a list of benefits and obligations that should not be confused for absolute freedom. If blockchain has interest to collectives they can use the power to direct obligation (the circulation of money) to make it happen. Since so much of what blockchain can do is about securely ledgering I do see utility value to that for an entity that is tasked to maintain the rule of law (contracts). If you want a futuristic example of how it could be useful I would suggest looking into things like materials passports. Basically anything we would want to record and manage benefits from having secure chains of ownership that we can use to apply fair costs to. Its a way to potentially deal with economic externalities that we today don't worry about, like pollution.
I recognize in one of your arguments something that I have seen said about energy conservation, that if we could only get every individual pulling in the same direction we could achieve what mandated collective action could. I see that as problematic with something like Bitcoin, because it is more suited for a hierarchical system. An ideal currency, to me at least, loses its value in such a way that hoarding isn't that good a proposition. Flow is what is best.
The issuance of tokens is something we have solved with fiat money. It can be sourced by simple double entry bookkeeping and it can be retired by having it nullify its counterpart in obligation. It doesn't need energy or effort to have to turn to someone to mine something into being by doing work to justify it to anyone. There's a supreme elegance to how we have things now.  The whole decentralized network angle is something that we will likely be able to duplicate with a few quantum computers. Of course, that also limits robustness because of risks.
If you love your country and what it stands for there is in that enough to get people in line with a cause. From my life experience rallying a lot of people into the same corner really just takes a very good PR effort. People can be convinced to even sacrifice themselves entirely for a bad cause. The problem with money is that so many attribute the problems we have to the objective nature of it when it really is entirely a game of overseeing the mode of economic production with a political sphere in order to generate the well being that gives us societal trust. America loved itself when money was flowing more equally in the 1950s. You could have asked a lot of the population and received it for the level of general well being there was (it wasn't that for all races, obviously).
Personally, I prefer low tech and robustness for money. I have said it before here, and I will say it again, that if we did have a crypto currency backed by government in place there would be such a desire for a low tech portable version of money that people would pay a utility premium for such a token. We would have a reverse Bitcoin trend where very good arguments would appear to have us pay for exactly what we have now (currently with no exchange premium attached to it).
In all of this there are embedded energy questions. What ultimately is in our best interest is to find a way to exchange that occasions the least amount of wasted energy. That's not totally evident at first glance when you consider how much energy goes into processing technology required materials. Everyone holding a cell phone has a huge cost in terms of how much high grade silicon needs to be processed and the need for networks that have maintenance requirements. We probably should not put into place a system of money with a huge technological component. I suspect that's going to really irk the people that love technology. The game these days is to find a way to seriously cut our energy demand on this globe because we still entirely caught up in 1880s methods of energy production. The world is still largely powered by coal and oil.
@_date: 2018-04-05 21:50:19
It will find its own place based on its merits. I think it has a lot to offer capitalists interested in profiting schemes, as we can see with the interest in making trading markets for these things. Any new commodity that one can sell for more than one can produce is of interest to a capitalist. Blockchain has properties that will make it useful to humans and it will evolve differently when it is not just a means to produce a commodity. It could be used as a form of money for a government if tailored to its needs.
Cryptocurrency is not doomed, but crypto-commodities trying to pose as equivalent to government money may be a short lived fad. It's going to end up in the public sector one day where it serves collective interests for our centralized system of management of things.
Your view is like Hayek's old view. It says that we can not possibly manage complexity because it has too many variables that are interrelated and unknown to us. That turns out to be wrong. The sciences to describe and model complexity came after he did, and it would have made him look foolish if he had lived to see it. The same science that serves engineers and climatologists serves to model and understand any dynamic system of variables. It's not that we cannot possibly do it, it's that it requires the understanding to know that we can be guided by it, and to put the tools in the hands of well intentioned leaders not for sale to the highest bidder. The vast majority of voting folks are dullards, and that is certainly problematic. You can win them over with simplistic causal relationships like: your pain is due to the "other".
Your view is a view that is shared by some in the social sciences, though. Social historians like Morris Berman are convinced we are in societal decline and that it is just a matter of time before we collapse and have to remake ourselves. The argument for this is that it has been a great constant in History. He envisions people living in decentralized monastic type arrangements where stability is more modular and where progressive ideas can be stored for when they may be useful later--a sort of renaissance.
Capitalism has been bad in the sense that it has made many things unsustainable possible in a short period of time. We only oscillate politically at a much slower pace, allowing very slow determination of what political direction we ought to pursue, if we ever come to it. Add to that the fact that our adult lives are comparatively short and you get a desire for solutions that maximize benefit now for some who are at the prime of their lives. If we were immortal it would matter more to us that we develop sustainability in the biosphere, but as it is the individual is very much interested only in his lifetime.
A recipe to maintain complexity is to spend more in its maintenance. The day we start pulling the plug on the effort is the day it starts to unravel. The anti-government crowd are of no use to anyone in that regard. They are more intent on bringing on the decline that we are not necessarily facing yet. We can point to the main issues of sustainability and we can spend to address them, but it has to be an honest effort. It cannot just be about a profit motive.
It really is still up in the air as to what happens to us, although it looks like our environmental impacts will force our hand in time. Whether we act proactively or not will not change that we will one day have to act. That ought to at least get us realizing that action is not forever delayed. If people do not want to pay the increasing price of complexity they will not benefit from it and a crueler version of what we have gone through will repeat itself to the degree that there are more of us with access to less.
@_date: 2018-04-05 19:19:09
You might want to look into that. Money has its origin in civilization and contract for arable land between ruler and society member. First money was clay tablet. It's always been about asset and obligation.
The bartering nature of commodities that has come out of the political right (mostly libertarians) as potential examples of money have no basis in archaeology, anthropology or History for being called that. Misinterpretation of things as money is something that has a long tradition in amateur circles. Sea shells and such...
A wage slave is a willing slave, not unlike the freed slaves after the civil war who did not have a better economic proposition. For them freedom sounded worse based on the realities of continued oppression. The reason there are no better propositions for wage earners lies in the political sphere because of arrangements we have in place about how the means of production are owned by capital and how labor enters negotiation with the aggregated power of money. If labor acted as a aggregated power it would come to define arrangements that would not be seen as being akin to slavery. Those sort of things are not well liked by capitalists. The wage slave is at least guilty of not taking his political power seriously by pooling it. He could have better, but it would mean effort. Perhaps it is fair to call the wage slave lazy. This is exactly what common folks were discussing in 19th century rural America.
@_date: 2018-04-09 17:17:33
Stop it. It does not objectively have value. It has subjective value that must be determined by going to market. All commodities do. At market it will have an exchange value that is greater than its average cost in labor time (for production) defined by its utility proposition. If the utility proposition to an individual is not worth a premium then the commodity will eventually be not worth much more than its average cost of production. What is the average cost of production of a bitcoin? What utility value does it give you? Can you profit by using it (shopping with it) in such a way that paying any premium is justified? The answer to that is likely that there is no way to benefit from a Bitcoin that justifies paying a lot for one that is not a speculative proposition made to a speculator. The bigger fool argument doesn't work that well as a value proposition. 
Government backed money has great utility. It will meet your government obligations. It's worth noting that not even great utility makes us pay $20 for a 10$ bill. It's quite plentiful and it can be sourced by simple bookkeeping. You might want to explain to people why a limited quantity version of a trading token with fluctuating face value is something we ought to buy. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:36:17
All commodities have utility and they have a "socially required labor time" component attached to them too. The way we derive exchange value for them them is to go to exchange. Things that can be sold for more than the labor time component will generate a profit and will trade in the capitalist economy. All this exchange is done with a standard of value which is our obligation to government. Bitcoin cannot approach standard of value without government recognition as a means to settle obligation to it, so it more or less bound to be commodity until, and if, it ever is raised to higher levels of importance. If one could directly meet his obligation to government with lumber it would work as a universal standard of value and we could turn on our computers and see that bitcoin was last traded for x amounts of lumber. It is by settling our obligation in something that we standardize it. All of government's effort is in managing the obligations. Assets worth the obligation are seized form you when they are not met, pinning down the rock solid value of money. A foreign currency to a sovereign government does not work to do that. It will say to you: go to market and trade your foreign currency as a commodity and settle with us in dollars please. Foreign money is not money anywhere else but home, unless a government comes to accept someone' else currency as their own. The US dollar might have this ability in some countries.
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:32:02
Money is a very specific thing. It's universal standard of value in a country. It does not go to market to find its value, unless it acts as a commodity outside of its borders. It is given it's value by obligation. Only government can manage that on behalf of everyone. It can hire private entities to manage that for them too.
Trading "as money" is essentially saying that you can exchange with it. You can very well exchange the ability that money has to meet government obligation in secondary markets with other commodity holders. That is saying that money can be "as commodity" too. Bitcoin, which is commodity, will thus trade as money that trades as commodity. I do not argue with that statement because its circular. Commodity isn't money though. Only one thing serves as universal standard of value. Bitcoin is valued in that standard in exchanges, and it is not money that gets altered in price by Bitcoin sales.
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:37:02
What it does is impose a frequency to the return of money to meet its fundamental obligation. We could not indefinitely postpone the circulating of gains and expect that the public sector could manage the obligations that allow money to exist in the first place. It we want money to exist in the private sector at least some of it must flow back to government.  I think of it as certainly not ideal, but necessary to have sufficient money flowing. The nature of interest imposes a time relationship to money, so we can ultimately turn to that as a curse. Our money puts a value to the passage of time and that ends up forcing our hand.
@_date: 2018-04-02 15:18:07
Money being fiat represents a high point in achievement. Money is just a contract anyway. It doesn't need a physical token form to inspire confidence. When there are laws to enforce contracts money is stable. When there aren't money isn't. The best way to stabilize money is to build a society that functions by the rule of law.
Because money must be originated from nothing there will always be an obligation counterpart to every asset. If you think credit is a problem that is not so. A country is only as affluent as the amount of money it can float in its economy. All the dollars in the private sector have their counterpart in a debt obligation.  To get rid of credit and to settle obligation is to remove money from the private sector. This is what trips up libertarians who think money can be held without obligation. Bitcoin does not circumvent any of this since it is just commodity traded in money. To have wealth in a society means the public sector can manage the obligation side while the private sector enjoys all the buying power of money. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:18:19
You don't trade in language. People usually put a zero value to your words so regulation is hardly necessary. When your words matter and they are deemed to have value a dictionary is used as the standard of language to discover if your word has some value or none. I know this because I used to be penalized for misspelling words when I was looking for a degree which I valued. Failure to comply with the standard sufficiently would have robbed me of the opportunity to obtain the valuable parchment that is the degree.
When money/capital isn't well regulated you end up with games that end up looking like 1929 or 2008. The capitalist bias is to extract value where it can be found any way it can be done.
The worse countries in the world are those were there is zero regulation of anything. Centralization is stability, be it in plutocratic societies like ours or more acute versions of tyranny elsewhere.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:41:45
Taxation is obligation that meets the double entry bookkeeping entry nature of money. The obligation that is tied to the asset is met by the money circulating back to government or else the debt will accumulate in the public sphere (as it currently does). Citizens have obligations and not paying taxes is the worst type of free lunch one could want. You might call not paying taxes theft, and that is something that most support.
Government backed means that government accepts the money to settle obligations to it. It will not accept Bitcoin to settle obligations on the counterpart of government money. The steady value of money is a result of the government maintaining the relationship of one dollar of money meeting one dollar of obligation. All other secondary price fluctuations in commodities are market based. The government contract is solid because it will take from you assets to meet your obligations. Trouble looms when no one is meeting any of the obligations tied to the existence of money.
@_date: 2018-04-10 16:22:09
The number of dollars growing hurts nothing. That is all manageable  with money flow.
The interest rate is never made up instantaneously and there is no need for it to be made up. It will be covered by expansion or it will dealt with by default. As long as the system grows faster than its defaults that is fine. If the condition of default grows too big (as in 2008) the system is recapitalized by money originating. A very good feature of such a system is that you have no incentive to just hold on to your money for a very long time. Over many years it starts to lose its relative proportion to the entire pile. That's an incentive for flow searching for growth, which is what you want.
The value of the dollar does not go down, because it is standard of value. It continues to meet one dollar of obligation. What changes is the market price of things to reflect the abundance of money in the private sector. The quantity of money imposes nothing on the quantity of goods. The abundance of money is in no way a bad thing. The quality of the standard of value remains the same. 
Obligation as the underlying nature of money has been in place since the days of the first money in Sumer. In exchange for your contribution to that early civilization you were given arable land, tools to work it and access to all sorts of benefits. The deal was written in clay and it was enforced on the threshing floor. When you become a citizen today you enter into obligation too. For access to the money system you are imposed some money obligations (taxes). Its a great deal. If you don't like it you can come to lose your rights of membership.
If you have more money and you are asked to meet more dollars worth of obligation nothing has changed. That is something you don't seem to understand. You cannot say that it is a crime to have more money because it lowers its value. It doesn't. The market will decide what your gold is worth based in dollars. Everything will reprice to reflect the current state. Money has stayed the same. It's only basic use was to meet government obligation. Your desire to trade it for commodities is a use that is available to you because of the universal need for it. Having Gold be worth x amount of dollars is not a goal onto itself. Who cares what gold is worth? It doesn't meet obligations for a citizen. The thing that does is in bigger supply and the obligation will track it perfectly. 
Bitcoin has terrible properties, the very ones we moved away from with gold and silver as standards of value years ago. It is why a group of macro economists came out the other day and said that it has no long term value, zero=zilch. I won't talk in terms of long term because we have to live in the now. It has very limited utility value right now and a lot narratives overstating its utility that are meant to deceive people into pouring their money into so that games of arbitrage can go on and land some valuable money in people's hands.
You have little knowledge for what standard of value is in exchanges. I suggest you read about it. There are very objective relationships between commodities, exchanges values and standard of value within capitalism. You are trying to confuse people by saying things like the standard of value is going down in value compared to gold as if you could remove the relationship that exists between the two. It is not because gold is better that it goes up in price it is because the market can extract more for it. You are free to not pay that higher price. A higher price is not imposed on anything in any way that market does not produce. Money does its thing and you will decide what to do with it. It will continue to pay your membership fee, though. BTW, if you find your obligations are too high it's because a lot of money goes without obligation these days. We have a political problem of redistribution that makes it look like its not working when really nothing has changed in its objective workings.
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:22:27
A Bitcoin based economy would be consumed in bookkeeping at the level of every transaction. How is this a simpler way of having things?
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:50:49
When was the last time somethind as highly speculative was taken up by so many without there being any regulation of it? Have any of these sort of scenarios not ended up in speculative collapses necessitating rules and oversight?
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:49:39
I understand that explanation. From my point of view, I consider a foreign currency as a commodity and treat all sales of them as any other capital gains on the sale of an asset. I would object to treating Bitcoin as a currency because it functions nowhere as the universal standard of value It's commodity everywhere.
It is complicated because you have to average the cost of every bitcoin, or fraction of one, in a time sensitive way. I know of no one who is interested in that sort of accounting, so it seems that the every simple idea of having a commodity of fluctuating value that functions as a trading chip is unappealing.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:07:24
I used to sit down and analyze writings like this in terms of the 7 essential elements of writing effective propaganda that are highlighted in the book, "Trust me, I'm an Expert". Just in reading it now I think you nailed all the essential components. You are either an expert at this or you have a good sense for it.
For the record everything you have written there is a con. There are no sovereign individuals, imho, only dependant relationships in the world.  Collectives are the larger realities that matter in the relationships that we are tangled in. To focus on individuals is to want to see the collapse of the complexity and stability we enjoy. My advice to the masses is to not allow yourself to be cajoled by libertarian arguments about the sanctity of individuals and winning personal battles against what is portrayed as pure evil. 
Buy at your own risk. Nothing has changed from yesterday to make any of this a better proposition except that arguments about price can be trotted out as technical indicators to buy. That's a science of hocus pocus that ends up only being correct when analyzing things after the fact.
If you believe in things, believe in them. There is no requirement to be speculating in them. If it all hinges on you chipping in it is almost surely a con game for the masses.
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:08:54
2008 from the point of view of reacting to capitalist failures was a complete success. You' re obsessed in thinking it was government that abused people. It acted to protect the masses that were not directly abused. The failure of the period leading up to 2008 was in lack of regulation. Bailing out the economy by recapitalizing it was the only option, unless you think watching the world go to hell in a hand basket was one. It's easy to disregard the fact some snakes made off with a killing, but like it or not that is there at all times with capitalism. That was just a very acute reminder of something that happens all the time. 
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:58:01
Bitcoin aims to ride on all the stability that centralized control allows. Holders are in it for the government backed money that would be attached to it were people willing to pay more for it. Even if you just spent your Bitcoin you would still be trading in money's stability.
@_date: 2018-04-09 16:56:14
Rinse and repeat is the father of the propaganda sciences.
@_date: 2018-04-10 18:30:11
It's not free to spend. It has embedded energies in the technology. Money is created by a double entry bookkeeping entry and it has a robust counterpart in currency. Bitcoin demands networks of cell phones, each of which has the same embedded energy as a small car. To make it be ubiquitous with exchanging is a massive indirect cost on this globe. It would be a reason why I, who don't have a cell phone, would need one. You also require network access, which in a  free market will only grow in price as demand for it grows. If you need to transact to live and everything is done via network you are literally signing up to be charged whatever providers want.
The average cost of bitcoin is approaching its final number. You' ll never sell the last one at the cost it would bring because no one will ever originate it. It would require an global economy's output to produce it. I'm still looking for the weighted price of a Bitcoin. I imagine I will have to find it since you are not giving it.
RCA had a monopoly in radio technology for a while, and it had a great big market share. Competitors came. The public sector could outdo Bitcoin at its offering with its own networks. Then you would have to fight the game in other PR terms because their crypto currency would not be rare. The creators of Bitcoin warned against this scenario and called it very dangerous.
Buying pressure must meet selling pressure.  The producer who sells his Bitcoin to have cashflow isn't waiting for an uptick. I am assuming the only people who would be buying are those who think there is a reason to have more stashed.
There has not been a single business cycle in Bitcoin. Where do you get this nonsense? It has behaved like a speculative mania. It has hit the wall like one too.
Your sixth point is the one that reveals who you really are. You think you are a victim of the system when you are actually a great benefactor of it. You could not survive outside of it you know. For all you think Bitcoin gives you it doesn't allow for a grain of stability in the world. The ability to even own something is extended to you by your state. At the first instance something was taken from you in the Bitcoin sphere you would turn to authorities and look to be made whole. The best place for people like this is on a deserted island where they can mull over the absolute value of social relationships that come out of the great complexity our system allows. Bitcoin offers you nothing because it has no obligation attached to it. No work of any use will come out of it. There will be those who think they can ride free on it and skirt obligation, but that is just a fool's dream. 
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:22:06
This only becomes money when your government makes it be money. Otherwise, it's just commodity. Every step of the way it is treated as such and you are tasked to pay taxes on it as if it was that.
The wage slave is a slave to capitalist who exploits the political sphere to his advantage. If you truly are a slave to your capitalist master take hold of the political sphere and make money do what it does for everyone. It has not failed to grow our affluence, but the political has failed to spread the benefit. The revolution you wait for will be political. People will eventually come and reform capitalism, making it a better tool for everyone. There's no reason it couldn't be. We have generated great wealth with it.
@_date: 2018-04-04 16:16:56
Well, no. The arguments are quite clearly in the opposite direction. Capital gains are exactly what needs to be taxed for the elite ownership classes to have to come to pay any tax, because they don't work and are not subject to income taxes. Investment income is their game.
What I think it shows is how much better things would be if crypto currencies were government backed and did not vary in exchange value. We would be altogether rid of the speculative nature of this and people would then be freer to use the commodity as a money equivalent if sovereign governments ever came to accept is as a payment of obligation to it. To want it outside of government is to want it to be treated like any other commodity and there's no rationale whatsoever to give it any preferential taxation status. Governments are not going to undermine the economy by encouraging less circulation of money back to itself. It gives out preferential taxation deals when it perceives a benefit for itself.
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:28:29
Because of unintended consequences. An important thing in economic relationships is externalities. The behaviors of speculators can come to affect non speculators and there is as lot to be gained from making sure not everyone gets swept up in speculative manias.
You would have been treated like a Cassandra for telling house flippers they were being swept up in a frenzy prior to 2008. Some people would prefer it if all there was offered was slick marketing efforts.
@_date: 2018-04-05 16:52:07
 I'll look him up. Embracing humanity on the scale of collectives is just not something that we were trained to accept, and that for many reasons. Humans behaving as collectives offers many solutions to our individual problems.
@_date: 2018-04-02 15:04:48
It would succumb to any crypto currency that was widely used and backed by a stable government that would accept it as a way to settle obligations to it. This sort of incarnation of it seems to think it will appeal to obligation avoiders. The way I see it  it has too many bad properties. It's hoardable, in limited supply, it's not regulated and it doesn't function as standard of value like government backed money does. That's a recipe for manipulation.
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:41:10
I once moved into my rental property after having tenants in it for years. Upon moving in the house it was deemed to have been sold to me by myself at fair market value. I was on the hook for a very large capital gains tax. Things like change of usage is enough to trigger that, so shifting from Bitcoin to another alt-coin is a similar proposition. It represents a change of usage in capital.
@_date: 2018-04-05 17:17:23
The economic is mediated by the political. The economic is very much objective in what it does. Everything we would call subjective enters into the discussion by way of the political sphere. The action that is necessary is to make those two spheres as independent as possible. We cannot have the economic means of production owning the political and touting economic free for all as the remedy to our problems. As far as citizens are concerned the only action we truly have is to take over the political by democratic action and mediate the economic with it to better circulate money. It's the only thing that ever worked to gain labor rights, the rights of women, the civil right....these were hard fought battles that were political. 
I like you do not think it is valuable to poo-poo the economic system if it can be made to work better by simply overseeing it better.
The properties that I call undesirable were recognized to be undesirable properties for a universal standard of wealth. If a society works towards equality and absence of too much hierarchy you cannot have a standard in place that is easily controllable by a few powerful hands. The boundless nature of fiat and the ability to not have it be cornered and hoarded allows many the freedom to not have to slave to an owner of money in order to get his hands on some. It allows for expansion that lessens the hoarders strength. If money were as bitcoin in property, no one would have any interest to spend it beyond his needs and he would reap a great benefit from being first to get it in a landscape of increasing demand and population. Our money has evolved to be a better social tool, but here is Bitcoin trying to bring back undesirable aspects because it has a argument that might favor the early adopter of the scheme.
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:41:48
That would have to be true for the smallish speculators to even think they could ever get rich from this. Predictions like this are about sucking up lots of small buyers. These are needed for the already made billionaires to pull out with someone's money.
Five or six levels into a pyramid scheme it gets hard to incentivize the new recruits who see the early adopters still sitting pretty but exiting.
@_date: 2018-04-05 18:26:53
I have actually been documenting most type of comments that appear here. A lot of them extol the possible utility of Bitcoin as if that has great value now. What is not so often seen are arguments why anyone ought to not be paying just a bit more than the average cost of labor time to produce them. Every premium above that which is paid has to be based in the belief of a utility value out there that justifies paying more. I don't see it. It's simply not there yet, if it will ever be there. The point most often made is that it will be there at some point and that it will be beneficial to pay a premium for something that is simply rare or in limited supply and of a utility that does not bring with in a means to profit to make up the difference. It's a 100 percent losing proposition to me. I get that it could be nice to trade this way, but who will be irresponsible enough to pay more than what it returns to him in utility? That is a vote for the continued ignorance of the market. I do not think it can stand. Lots of people call me a hater, but I would have to be presented with a very strong argument to ever pay more for something (in my own labor) than it costs to produce. It would only be of interest to me if there was actually a way to profit from it that isn't about finding a bigger sucker. A shovel has some utility that I could potentially exploit, but it is not smart to pay $2000 for one unless it can outshovel every other one out there with the same amount of energy input. I think crypto currencies will be common and that some will eventually show up backed by governments, not fluctuating in value  and with very strong utility propositions. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 17:17:16
Bitcoin has terrible properties. I absolutely believe in blockchain technology and I await their use in the collective arena, but they are not a panacea. The Universe has a very strong bias for organizing information and preserving it. Robustness matters, and sometimes it is painfully obvious that a clay tablet can function better to preserve information than an electronic bit of information.
I am super conscious of what is being said about Bitcoin and I don't  think a lot of it is honest. That could come form a lack of understanding out there or a desire to believe in a white Knight to save us all from ourselves.
Hate is a strong word. I do hate P.T. Barnum types who think the world is full of suckers just waiting to be exploited. I have been following bitcoin because I am interested in the psychology of the mania, but i have been unable to stop from commenting when I come across what I know to be unrealistic expectations.
@_date: 2018-04-09 16:53:56
Nothing like confusing people to make a point. Do people actually think a universal standard of value fluctuates in price? Just goes to show you can sell ice to Eskimos with the right sales pitch.
@_date: 2018-04-02 13:46:48
In 1929 Groucho Marx asked his broker how it could be that the stock market was going up all the time and why it should be so. He was told that the buyers market was global now. 
Adoption rates of speculative stock offerings did not translate to a booming economy, it came to crash it. It took lots or intervention and regulation to ever allow stocks to function safely in the consumer economy. This is still the wild West days of crypto commodities anyway you look at it. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:52:44
Nothing will screw you over faster than a free market that is not regulated.
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:00:44
The value is the citizenship contract. I'm surprised no one understands this.  When you sign on as a citizen you accept obligation that comes with the system of money. Asset and obligation is the dual nature of money in the system. The obligation is so strong that assets will be taken from you to meet your obligations if you don't meet them when using money. A dollar is worth a dollar because a dollar's worth of stuff will be taken from you to meet the obligation in a worse case scenario. That's the only thing that gets this type of enforcement and it greatly stabilizes money to the point where it is the only standard by which to value other things. There's a reason why we are said to be societies governed by the rule of Law. The law is the tool of enforcement. Without it fools would think they could hold on to money, never circulate it and have stable value from it as someone else was crushed by the weight of the obligation tied to it.
In our societies there is only government that can impose obligation. In others it could be whoever is ruler, perhaps a warlord, but he would have to have a lot of power.
Gold is commodity in the west. I know of no government that accepts it as payment of obligation. You are stuck running to market and converting to money to meet those. 
By giving bitcoin some of the very same properties that made gold abandoned years ago what smart thing has been done? It's limited in quantity, it's not equally distributed on the globe, it is hoardable, it takes energy to source (a waste) and it projects to go up in value to exploit a desire for it. That is entirely about having a world of haves and have nots. You want money to be the exact opposite of that. You want it to allow equality and combat hierarchy. Bitcoin is for greedy people who love to hold things and just watch them go up in desirability. We got closer to ideal when we moved to fiat, which knows no bounds to limit any of us to have to slave away at the hands of a holder of something that we need. We are free to borrow against our future earnings with fiat. That pisses off the hoarders of money who would much rather have you wanting what they have in hand.
@_date: 2018-04-09 16:59:09
Sudden? This trend hasn't been sudden. On what scale are you living on, the minute to minute? Take on the 10 year scale and tell me what you see. You'd see something that went far ahead of itself and is on a long journey to where it has a more legitimate argument for being.
@_date: 2018-04-04 14:50:36
That doesn't tell us what is being exchanged. It could very well be we would want that 10 billion dollar figure to be nearer zero. This is sounding more and more like a body count in the Vietnam war. They settled on these because there were no other goalposts to measure gains.
@_date: 2018-04-09 17:04:17
Richard Nixon had nothing to do with it.  As an evolution of money representation it was a huge leap into the direction of what is most elegant. No energy is required to have a double entry bookkeeping entry function as money. If you have earnings you can borrow against them now to access your future earnings because there's no hard to come by commodity held by anyone that stands in the way of you lending to yourself.
@_date: 2018-04-02 14:34:50
If all you held was Bitcoin you'd need to sell it to pay your obligations. Selling it in an exchange would trigger a new capital gains tax on the the sale of the commodity.
@_date: 2018-04-10 17:35:17
You are pointing people in the direction of using money as a commodity outside of a nation where it is standard of value (where it functions as a commodity) and doing arbitrage with it.  On the last point if you own gold and all of a sudden money grows in quantity you will take more money for it because of bid and ask, not because money imposed a price on you or a buyer. People could very well overreact thinking prices must change more than they do and overpay in the market. That's super common with people who are manipulated by gold bugs. If you did not have any gold and went to buy it you would pay what you have to. You would also resell it immediately for the same price. All the apparent gains you refer to are arbitrage related and based in money as standard of value. If a guy who buys low and sells high is stupid enough to think his thing has changed in utility then that's his own doing. The utility proposition of the commodity has clearly not changed by just money being in bigger quantity. 
Foreign exchanges are not governed by laws either. They are markets and work with bid and ask, just like gold. There will always be arbitrage gains to be made in shuffling stuff around. That is what some speculators speculate in. Investors who have large baskets of commodities for long periods usually just hold on to something in hopes that it will track the basic growth in the economy. That is the long term compounding 2-3 % you hope to make. Anyone who is here trying to promote commodities with the illusion that owning them is more than that is a charlatan wanting to capture wealth in the initial stages of a mania. There would have to be a very strong utility proposition attached to Bitcoin for it to trade at big premiums over its cost of production. What is it? How does spending Bitcoin help me make myself richer and why the fuck should I pay anyone who originated one for a few bucks and is hoarding it many thousands of dollars for it? Rarity is not utility, nor is it equivalent of value. What basic thing am I paying for that will return me so much more than what it cost to produce on average. I understand if you will not sell it to me for what it costs to make it, but that may even be too much for the added utility it offers me. Only if ones makes all sorts of arguments about how it can help avoid taxes, or give anonymity and such, I do see added utility, but you will never sustain that libertarian dream with Bitcoin. The beautiful complexity we have in place with government and laws will not be undermined with commodities that offer a chance for people to weasel out. I have enough faith that we are governed by laws to see that be protected.
The theory you believe in is the one of the bigger fool. Bitcoin is not a monopoly in money token. It will never be a monopoly. It will be out there in a landscape of many offerings and it will struggle to carve out a place among other things that have better properties. Just like a radio is useful and can be traded for other commodities, Bitcoin will fall to the cost of its average unit production unless it delivers great utility in some fashion that only it can do.There's a very good reason why macro economists see its long term value as zero and why speculators talk it up to levels where even $50 dollar investors might see riches in this. Your numbers are based in offering a get rich scheme to the fools that will be milked for dreaming big. 
By definition, the use of Bitcoin will mean that it will face selling pressures because not everyone will hoard it. Those who will collect it will want to sell it to meet their obligations and that will mean that new buyers would have to show up paying ever more for it. What is hoped for is that no one will ever notice they are paying a holder of something a huge premium for what he has stashed. Good luck with that. 
@_date: 2018-04-04 18:12:30
I replied to this in another comment. The undesirable properties are limited quantity, asymmetrical distribution in the world (favors affluent nations), hoardable with no obligation attached to it to make it flow to name a few. Speculators love these properties, though.
@_date: 2018-04-10 22:29:14
I don't gamble with money I'd rather not lose. You sound like you would.