@_author: swe-gin
@_date: 2017-12-27 19:21:44
Yeah, however, as I said I think it's more on an international scale, i.e. foreign governments and state-owned banks/financial institutions in Asia rather than domestic US investment banks. 
The big US investment banks with enough coin to really influence the market, i.e. Goldman and JP Morgan Chase, were definitely a little late to the game and are too bogged down by regulation and the transparency necessary to be a publicly traded company to be secretly manipulating crypto markets. I could be wrong, of course, but I don't think I am. 
There are many "small" ($100-500 million) hedge-funds and investment groups in the US with very large holdings in BTC and other cryptos. I live in NY and having a lot of finance friends, so I've heard about quite a few with significant holdings that have been operating for years. I believe most of these smaller funds have larger crypto positions than most big US investment banks simply because the larger banks have always been more risk-averse and resistant to change. I don't think the smaller funds are influencing the markets tremendously, though. Again, I think it's governments and state-owned banks abroad.
@_date: 2017-12-27 17:39:43
I believe your right, though I think the big whales are more on an international scale. I may be wrong, and American financial behemoths have definitely been getting in on the action for a lot longer than the BTC fanboys would like to imagine. 
It's why I've not felt comfortable increasing my positions over the past few months. I felt pretty comfortable with the BTC increases at the beginning of the year, all the way through June when we had the pullback, which felt organic and right. But now, it just seems too pumped and primed for a major dump, and as you said, it's not me or you moving a couple BTC here or there that's inducing these wild fluctuations, it's institutional players who are moving hundreds and thousands. Any little guy who thinks they can time this market is a fool, if he's not a genius; we're  not privy to enough information to make those kinds of calls. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 02:19:35
Yeah... no, they don't care. All they care about is money. That's why most investment banks are opening crypto desks and every FA and finance bro in NY is obsessed with BTC and weeding through alts for the next 10x. The whole "Crypto v Bank" narrative is dated.