@_author: swelljoe
@_date: 2018-01-18 05:11:48
This is a fact. Arlo's is the business. Their chicken sandwich is very fine, as well.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:48:34
There's been discussion that they *might* be double-spending already.
At the very least, it seems that GHash.io accepts shares from botnets without repercussions.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:56:41
I know this is not true. I have friends who are sex workers. They were among the first people accepting Bitcoins in my circle of friends.
@_date: 2014-03-29 16:03:42
I've bought at roughly $200, $400, $600, and $800. I've sold at roughly $900 and $600. I'm currently holding as many BTC as I can afford to hold (which is not a lot), and bought back one BTC at $500ish a couple days ago.
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:34:32
Blades are 10GH/s, and are selling for &lt;$400. But, yes, $100 does not buy a lot of the network.
@_date: 2014-01-17 19:07:38
OK, so maybe it's a ~9B market. Still a drop in the bucket. Hell, let's call it *two million* of the coins being lost. Still an ~8 billion dollar market. 28 million is .35% of 8 billion. That's a *lot* to move on one day, sure, and it will have an effect...it couldn't be moved in one day without a big market response. But, it's still a small percentage of the total market.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:53:21
The current network hash rate is 16 terahashes/second. $100 would be very, very, very little (I don't know what that'll get you in GH/s).
But, do beware that cex.io is part of GHash.io (or mines there? I don't know how it's all connected). So, buying from cex.io would be counterproductive, as it would further increase their dominance.
@_date: 2014-01-17 00:41:02
It's also worth noting that this is a tiny percentage of the market cap of the whole bitcoin market...it's bigger than many individual holders, but $28m is a drop in the 10 billion dollar bucket that is Bitcoin.
I expect a brief panic sell off, and then a climb back up to normalcy almost immediately. If I had some cash on hand, I'd buy more when it goes on sale over the next few hours.
@_date: 2014-02-08 11:33:25
Nice work. With one nitpick...I'm an audio guy, and the audio for this is pretty awful. I'm hearing phase problems, and an overall annoying clickiness and pumping because of the effects used to generate atmosphere (I guess, but it just makes it sound hostile). The original had a much clearer and comprehensible soundtrack, and sound on TV was awful back then. At the very least, I would remove one of the vocal tracks (the low frequency one)...it's too much.
@_date: 2014-01-09 21:49:23
I don't make any claims about knowing a lot about this situation. I just read that thread and found it worrisome. Even if GHash.io is a perfect Bitcoin network citizen (and even if they fix their botnet problem, which was seemingly reasonably well-substantiated, though again I didn't follow it closely), this still raises real concerns about the security of the network.
@_date: 2014-01-03 06:59:02
I think Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies have created a lot of quants. I don't know if the people who already have the level of access needed to larger markets would care about our tiny one. But, for the people with an interest in the math, the statistics, the probabilities, etc., who don't have that access, Bitcoin provides some level of it.
If I could play in high speed trading in the biggest markets in the world, I'd probably have started researching algorithmic trading decades ago. But, with the level of funds I have, and the level of access I have, it made no sense. Now, with fees so low, I'm able to tinker. I doubt being a quant will ever be something I spend a lot of time on (I consider it vaguely unethical and a waste of human resources in the grand scheme of things, as making a penny every time a price moves is not my idea of changing the world for the better), but the field is interesting, and now it's within reach of a vast swath of new people.
@_date: 2014-01-09 13:50:51
p2pool is a useful counter to *any* pool becoming too large. Choosing it is probably the most effective way to combat double spend risk. But, as long as you aren't mining on GHash.io you aren't contributing to their alarmingly rapid growth.
@_date: 2013-11-25 09:04:16
Bitcoins! (Seriously, though, btc-e has a questionable reputation, as well, and moving money into btc-e is non-trivial for an American.)
@_date: 2013-11-27 10:27:48
I think we still need some experimental data to know if a currency like Bitcoin is better or worse than one that doesn't have perpetual deflation as a fundamental characteristic. I don't know anything about Peercoin or Primecoin, but I suspect a Bitcoin-like creature with a never-ending (but algorithmically regulated) supply of coins in perpetuity would be a useful thing to compare against Bitcoin.
The question, of course, is whether anyone would accept a currency that doesn't deflate when there is one that does; i.e. just holding your money makes it buy more. That's a valuable feature. But, it is also potentially bad for the kinds of economies our current society is based on. One could argue that moving away from a consumer society would be a net win. I don't know. Overall wealth goes down when nobody spends, however.
Anyway, the delation feature of Bitcoin is not the only advantage cryptocurrencies have over fiat. It's not even in the top ten most important features, in my estimation.
@_date: 2013-11-20 15:17:27
"Hard money" traditionally applies to asset-backed (like gold or silver standard dollars), or bullion-based (like gold, silver, and platinum coins), currency. Bitcoin is not asset-backed, and is not made of any type of bullion.
The Wikipedia definition of "hard currency" (which seems different from "hard money" according to the definitions I've found) considers stability, i.e. lack of fluctuation in buying power vs other currencies, the key element, which rules out BTC. BTC is wildly erratic.
The fact that there is a limit to how many coins are in existence is mostly irrelevant, since it is also extremely divisible (down to a single satoshi, or 0.00000001 BTC). BTC *is* a deflationary currency, which is like gold through most of golds existence. But, BTC is not "hard money" or "hard currency" by any definition that I'm aware of. It is a deflationary currency, in the sense that the price of goods tends to deflate over time, due to the limited number of Bitcoins...this is somewhat like gold (though gold had several decades of flat value after the gold buying frenzy and subsequent crash of the 70s).
Again, I'm not seeing a useful and *general* way to use the gold analogy for Bitcoin. I do not think predictions based on the behavior of gold in the market are useful for Bitcoin. And that's a good thing.
@_date: 2013-11-01 03:51:28
Coinbase was pretty straightforward. I now own 1.5 bitcoins (or will; they hold onto the coins until the transaction is verified...possibly even past the "chargeback window", I dunno). But, it took about ten minutes to get going.
I looked at Localbitcoins for cash options and found a few but they were $5-$10/BTC over the going rate on exchanges. I didn't want to deal with escrow. I think "fraud" when I see the word "escrow" because so many eBay fraudsters in the olden days used fake escrow services.  I'm sure there are legit ones, but Bitcoin also seems to be surrounded by a lot of shady dealings.
@_date: 2013-11-23 09:08:18
That's also dependent on the banks involved. Some banks are slower than others. My payroll service insists on a 7 day window for direct deposits, while PayPal usually deposits in 24-48 hours (though not always).
@_date: 2013-12-05 20:39:47
Coinbase works great. The fees are high, but the convenience of using an ACH transfer from a US bank far outweighs that issue.
I've been told CampBX is similarly friendly to US customers, but I haven't used it, and hadn't heard of them until well after I already had the Coinbase account. The Coinbase site seems really solid, which gives me enough confidence to keep a reasonable sum of money there. CampBX doesn't really look so impressive.
@_date: 2013-12-02 21:20:26


I agree that a deflationary currency is likely to win. I don't concede that that is necessarily better by all metrics. If we were to have a worldwide great depression due to a worldwide deflationary currency, that'd be "worse" by many metrics, and might cause real harm to a lot of people (and, as usual with economic policy, the losers are generally the poorest people).
In short: a large number of economists disagree with your assessment that a deflationary currency is "better". Are they right? I don't know. I do have concerns about what Bitcoin will do to those least able to shape policy and least able to benefit from economic upheavals (i.e. poor folks and folks in developing nations). I am still pro-Bitcoin, despite these concerns, as I believe it also has the possibility to be extremely empowering.
But, I worry when the arguments (like the ones you're making) leave no room for discussion of what *could* go horribly wrong. And, by "horribly wrong", I don't mean, "I will lose the few thousand bucks I've got invested in Bitcoin" I mean, "Worldwide economic collapse". It's worth thinking about this stuff, and figuring out what the leading indicators might be. Whether you're looking at it from an individual investor perspective, or you're trying to guide Bitcoin's development in as benevolent a direction as possible.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:55:52
This is an incredibly important thing to be aware of, and I was somewhat relieved by the hearings yesterday being predominantly positive, but I fear things are going to go too slow and that China will own this economy. If China were freer than the US in other ways, that'd be awesome...but, China is the much worse of two very dangerous regimes. Banks in the US effectively own our government, and they are going to fight every Bitcoin advance in the US. And, as it stands right now, they're going to get their way. They're going to slow Bitcoin progress in the US to the point that other nations have an insurmountable technical and economic lead.
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:13:21
All these comparisons to gold are weird, to me.
Gold is a *horrible* currency. It's a decent value storage option. But, really bad at buying and selling things, *especially* on the Internet.
Bitcoin, on the other hand, looks and acts nothing like gold. It acts like a great currency for the Internet, and an only slightly less good currency for face-to-face transactions (the delay in transactions being validated if one of the negatives there, which overlaying services can help alleviate).
@_date: 2013-11-19 03:13:45
It's also mine-able with modest hardware. Though buying it is still a better investment than mining it, just like for BTC. I've got an old PC chugging away making about half a Litecoin a day. I have solar power sitting idle during the day, so it's not very expensive to run it.
@_date: 2013-11-19 03:25:12
OK, let's do some math, based on predictions found in this thread. Let's assume you really believe that Bitcoin is a legitimate currency that has a valid chance at being a major part of the the future of money on earth. So, we're talking a market cap of trillions of dollars. This kind of market cap, and the limit on number of possible Bitcoins means that a single BTC will, eventually (if all of these assumptions are true), be worth...well, let's be conservative (given the assumptions I've made, which are not entirely conservative): $100,000USD.
So, the person who bought Bitcoin years ago at $1 stands to make a profit of $99,999 on each Bitcoin they bought! Amazing! Astonishing! If only I'd been so wise as to buy back then.
But--and here's where math does funny things with your head, even though it's just basic addition and subtraction--say you buy tomorrow at $1000. When the market reaches a multi-trillion dollar capitalization, you're going to be up $99,000 per Bitcoin. Holy shit! That's roughly 1% less profit per BTC than the awesome dude who bought at $1/BTC.
Of course, this is a huge set of assumptions. We have no past to judge Bitcoin values by. We have to look at the potential, and decide for ourselves whether Bitcoin will actually end up being *the* de facto digital currency in the next few years. If we're right (most of us in this subreddit are bullish on Bitcoin), we're probably going to find ourselves sitting on significant funds. There's still room to be wrong...there's still ways Bitcoin could fail, even catastrophically. But, every day, the odds of failure get smaller, and the market is pricing for that...at some point it will level out, based on how many people want to conduct business with Magic Internet Money, with much less speculation and a lot more boring accounting.
In short, while the dude who could buy at $1/BTC was very prescient, and had hundreds of times the buying power we have, he was also taking on more risk. I knew about BTC, but didn't take the plunge and buy in until a couple weeks ago (at $200 before this massive run started...I wish I'd bought more). But, since I wish I'd bought more, and I'm seeing the factors that are leading others to buy more, I have bought more. I've been broke for a while, due to investing in a new business, so I didn't have a lot to invest back then, and I don't have a lot of invest now, so I'm still holding a puny position in BTC. But, I'm very bullish, and so I've setup a monthly buy of a couple hundred bucks...
@_date: 2013-11-01 03:43:07
I think this may be one of the biggest dangers for bitcoin: Massive deflation.
We have seen deflation since the beginning, which was planned and expected. But, as long as people are more inclined to think of Bitcoin as an investment rather than a currency (to be *spent* as well as acquired), it will remain volatile and will possibly limited in its acceptance.
@_date: 2013-11-20 07:22:54
Panama is very high on my list of places to spend some time (along with Belize and Costa Rica), and I mean a lot of time...like spending whole winters there. So, that'd be alright.
My google fu isn't serving me very well...most of the stuff I can find about starting a business in Panama is about brick and mortar businesses. I'm also not able to find much about banking and finance in Panama, other than a few shady operations offering to handle setting up a corporation in Panama and such, which isn't exactly the vibe I'm looking for, but may just be an aspect of a laissez faire banking and finance sector.
Still not sure what sort of business I'd want to start around Bitcoin. But, being as bullish about it as I am, I don't see why I shouldn't...
@_date: 2013-12-16 01:54:24
Is that documented somewhere? I had no idea that was the case. I mean, I wouldn't spend from a Brain wallet, probably, but this isn't something that I've ever read anywhere (admittedly I haven't done a lot of reading about this subject).
@_date: 2013-12-03 05:51:12
You and I mostly agree. I don't think it is as certain as you believe it is, however.
Anyway, I also happen to be an environmentalist, and I recognize that consumption will be what kills us all in the end...so, if a currency can encourage saving rather than borrowing (and Bitcoin does), and if a currency can encourage people to choose to hang onto their money a little longer rather than buying new things the moment they come along (and Bitcoin does), then I suspect it may have a hand in helping save the world (it's probably too little, too late, from a global climate change perspective...but, I'll take any positive change in people's behavior at this point).
@_date: 2013-11-14 04:02:34
But, it's going to need to be secure, verifiable, and backed by strong encryption, right? If only we had such a thing!
@_date: 2013-11-01 03:39:36
It took me two days of research to *find* coinbase.com. I was looking for an exchange that would allow me to buy without having to make an expensive wire transfer from a US bank to a foreign account ($40 from my bank). 
I thought Dwolla would work; some of the docs out there mentioned exchanges that would accept Dwolla. So, I signed up for Dwolla and signed up for those exchanges...two before googling to figure out why none of the exchanges that said they accepted Dwolla did so, anymore.
Bitcoin is a usability nightmare for US users. Which is to say, the US banking system is a nightmare for anyone wanting to transfer money *out* of the US. This is a side effect of the cartel-like nature of our banking system, and of the paranoid finance laws in the US, designed to insure everyone (except banks) pay every penny of their taxes.
@_date: 2013-12-06 09:53:54
I'm long on both BTC and GOOG (and have been on GOOG for many years).
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:54:12
Hmm...Interesting. So, banking is not as byzantine there as here? I've never looked into it, but that would be an easy choice to make for an America. Travel into and out of Canada is easy/cheap, work visas are relatively easy to obtain, there is little to no language barrier (barring Quebec, though I could use some French immersion). Funny that it didn't even cross my mind as an option. I was thinking of places that are already banking havens (and tax havens) like the Bahamas.
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:05:47
I'm not sure I entirely understand this. I'm actually a little fuzzy on prediction markets, in general, but I think I'd like to make a prediction on this one, so now's as good a time as any.
Right now there are no prices for the "sell" button; that means there's no buyers for that prediction...meaning, that right now *nobody* on that site thinks Bitcoin will reach $3000 by the end of the year. Right?
And, because there is a 7mBTC buy offer, it also means that there is at least one seller at 3 mBTC, right?
Is this what's happening here?
Also, who runs Predictious? Are they thought to be trustworthy enough for me to send a couple hundred bucks worth of BTC to?
@_date: 2013-11-19 23:42:19
In this case, there hasn't been much disallowing of Bitcoin at the government level, as far as I know (I guess there have been problems with businesses looking like money laundering operations to the government, maybe?). But, banks are unwilling to work with Bitcoin businesses...which makes it impossible to do a lot of things that we still need banks for.
@_date: 2013-11-26 02:22:35
That's ugly (apologies if it's your art...but, don't quit your day job). The graffiti image is awesome.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:18:12
This would be a really interesting conversation to have, I think. I don't even know where to start on researching it, though. Where would be the ideal place to start a Bitcoin business? It's obviously not the US, but it's also probably not China, either, since non-Chinese folks aren't easily able to start and run businesses in China (also, oppressive and scary regime...vastly moreso than the US).
It needs to be a place with economic freedom, a decent standard of living, a high level of individual autonomy, and a reasonable Internet infrastructure. It also probably needs to have a reasonably active and fair market for the major currencies of the world.