@_author: swimminguy121
@_date: 2014-02-23 17:06:15
Accountant here. Not a nerdy "sit around at your desk and crunch numbers" accountant, but an accounting consultant for some of the top companies in the world.   
Bitcoin will not revolutionize accounting, and here's why. Most of the transaction data entries that take place frequently and can be automated have already been automated. There is a whole ERP industry dedicated to automating accounting. Most big firms have ERP systems and whether it's cash or bitcoin, the stuff that's been automated has already been automated. Journal entries are not the value add of the modern day accountant.
Accountants today provide value via being able to take the facts of certain transactions, looking at the nature of the business and the transaction it represents and then help set up the systems to characterize those items appropriately. The profession is a lot closer to providing law like services in nature than it is to what most people think of when thinking of accountants. 
Bitcoin is awesome and has a lot of implications for the future. However, the accounting industry will not be significantly changed.
@_date: 2014-02-24 22:12:18
Accounting auditor/consultant here. Auditing the exchanges is an excellent idea, but the agencies mentioned in that tweet aren't the ones to do it. Accounting firms already provide services that can fill this gap in the form of something called a SOC report. To do a SOC report, the accounting firm takes the criteria that the community or regulator cares about, translates those into an audit plan specific to the client's business, and then looks at all the details to support that the company meets all the criteria stated in the report. Companies like Ernst and Young, KPMG, PriceWaterhouseCoopers, and Deloitte are all firms that would be appropriate to audit these exchanges.
Side note: I saw comments relating to the 2008 financial crisis and questions regarding how we can trust the auditors. Auditors in general are trustworthy people who really want to do their best to provide trust-based services to the public. There's no reason to blame them for the actions of management. Auditors are not around to provide absolute assurance, and auditors don't test every single thing about a company. Auditors provide reasonable assurance that controls and operations at a company are as stated in the company's reports or representation letters. It is entirely possible for management to misrepresent their business or commit fraud and still get away with it, but a SOC report would provide some degree of assurance that the exchange isn't just some kid in his basement and is run by competent people with solid business processes in place. 
@_date: 2014-02-28 16:47:12
This actually sounds like an extremely plausible explanation for what happened. It takes into account both Mark's incompetence and his apparent good intentions, fits the story of transaction malleability issues and theft, and also provides a feasible explanation of how 750,000 coins were lost, which lines up with the explanations we've seen from Mark in the chat logs around the coins being temporarily unavailable and matches reports that the wallets still have coins in them.
Excellent analysis. I'll be interested to see if the truth matches your perspective.
@_date: 2014-02-25 05:24:53
That's not fair. Everything they did, they did for this family.
@_date: 2014-02-24 21:59:50
Sure, happy to advise here. I'll reiterate that the majority of data entry in accounting is already automated. Even the smaller companies have many features automated. For example, the online version of Quickbooks allows small businesses to configure their accounting rules and link them to bank accounts to automate certain entries. Modern day accountants - even entry level at small businesses - rarely do transactional level journal entries if the business is set up correctly. Bitcoin can and will be a useful tool for accountants, but will not eliminate many jobs in the industry, if any. Such a viewpoint ignores the role of the accountant in the modern day business. Accountants are very similar to lawyers in nature, as they have to gather and interpret facts of a situation, look at US laws and regulations (GAAP), and make judgments as to how that situation should be recorded.
In the modern day, management accountants work with business managers to interpret the nature of transactions and summarize them in a way that is useful to the business. They operate controls, which are activities that are performed on a regular basis to help ensure processes are being run correctly. They analyze trends and predict the future for business management and advise on regulatory, audit, and tax issues pertinent to the organization. Until we have excellent artificial intelligence machines that can understand the nature of the business, the regulatory environment, interpret US GAAP in context, communicate with executive teams, make intelligent decisions based on that data, and perform control activities to support the business, we're going to need accountants. 
That said, if I were still in college and could do it all over again, I'd go into IT with a focus on Computer Engineering and then get an MBA. You'd make an absolute killing and could start or work for any business you please.
@_date: 2014-02-25 00:32:51
Glad I could help. :)
Feel free to PM me if you have more specific questions, or if I can help you in any way.
@_date: 2014-02-25 00:38:10
Hey maidenmad,
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on the topic. Question for you - What's the blockchain going to provide to accounting that existing online banking systems do not?
Phrased another way, if I have Bank of America as the primary account for my business, they keep track of all cash flows in and out of the business already, along with details on who the payments went to and on which dates. What value does Bitcoin add on top of this functionality with regards to accounting?
@_date: 2014-02-25 04:40:40
Me too, brother. Me too. *feels*
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:04:01
Gas is finite though. Bitcoin is not. If you think of bitcoin as "trading units" and gas as "driving units", dividing gas into smaller pieces doesn't change the number of miles you can drive on a given number of molecules of gas. Dividing bitcoin smaller actually increases the number of trading units, and there's no limit to how many trading units the currency can have, essentially making the denominator in any $/BTC calculation infinite.
@_date: 2013-11-10 18:59:19
Pizza is finite, though. Once you divide it small enough, there's functionally no pizza left to divide. Bitcoin isn't subject to this constraint. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:18:03
Let's say pizza gets its value from providing energy to the consumer. Dividing it in smaller pieces doesn't increase the energy provided per bite.
BTC gets its value as an easily tradeable unit of currency. Every time you divide BTC, you get more and more tradeable units of currency. No matter how many times you divide BTC, it still retains its ability to store value and act as a unit of transfer. 
There's a finite number of energy from a pizza, but an infinite number of trading units from a BTC 
@_date: 2013-09-26 17:32:12
Agreed. Same experience, over two months, still waiting and preparing for possible legal action. 
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:12:15
Thanks for the input. One thing though - if you think of BTC as trading units, there will never be a finite number of trading units to divide the total BTC economy by. It will always be infinite, as you can divide it infinitely and it still retains its ability to store and transfer value. 
There's a finite number of 1 BTC units in existence, but an infinite number of trading units.