@_author: swineflugamesh
@_date: 2018-08-06 10:34:53
Any elaboration?
@_date: 2018-08-07 10:46:54
Obviously but as part of the free market. But why exactly do you think this will be soon? It's too early,  and that is only possible if chain businesses start accepting it. Doesn't look like anytime soon to me. As far as security goes, there definitely are secure relevant coins. The technology is sound, what isn't sound is all the shitty Mcafee-antivirus-using exchanges who don't know how run a secure business. Funny thing is, those shitty exchanges getting hacked and uninformed reddit children that just opened their first bank account, jumping on the crypto train expecting to get rich quick and then dumping early is exactly why John McAfee will be choking on his own cock soon. Honestly a better bet than crypto right now is to bet on whether the man will actually eat his dick when btc doesn't hit the mark yet. Personally i don't think he will do it, which is why we need to double down the pressure to assure crypto takes over.    
Also, why would it need to be backed by something? USD sure as fuck isn't backed by/worth anything other than the ignorance of that orange daterape of a Halloween mask we call our president. What "financial structure "? You mean how we are printing money like Germany after hitler, and letting china buy our debts? Nothing is easier to manipulate than a machine that literally prints money. Might as well be a big red button that says, "Bareback America, No Lube"Better learn chinese and russian soon, all I'm saying. 
@_date: 2018-05-11 10:28:55
This certainly does not hold up as either a cleaver post, or as good trolling. What were you even going for here?
@_date: 2019-12-23 17:22:46
Well it isn't one vs the other. Definitely worth doing research and having a healthy portfolio of both...but not just bitcoin alone, there are a handful of altcoins worth looking into like Chainlink or cardano. Stocks can be a safer long term bet depending on which ones (AMD is mine right now). Crypto is more of a gamble, but a gamble well worth making, as smaller investments could yield much higher returns.