@_author: swissspider
@_date: 2015-10-31 01:29:46
I suspect that a great number of those folks who were taken onboard the Bitcoin train back in the latter months of 2013, as the price rocketed to great heights, have since sidelined their wallets, trading accounts and interest of any kind in Bitcoin.  
Should news of the current Bitcoin price rise penetrate mainstream media once more, you have awakened an entire cohort of potential re-investors who are already familiar with how wallets and trading platforms work.   They might all be two years older but most of them won't be much wiser, just nostalgic for the buzz they felt when they discovered the world of digital currency.  
Psychologically, it's absolutely fascinating.  Should the price keep rising, it would be rather like the reformation of a band who announce a global stadium tour after a decade and a half of retirement.  In terms of how a renewed uptake will influence the price of Bitcoin in the longer term, I haven't got the first clue.  
@_date: 2015-10-31 02:01:34
Look, this is nothing new.  
Railways once charged an arguably cartel-esque fee to transport goods from town to town, yet they were cheaper than the massively less efficient services that they replaced.  Telegraph services profited greatly back in the day from every single communication made to oil the wheels of commerce, and even the costs of transacting money from country to country declined on a neg-logarithmic scale well before the debut of electronic currencies.  
Without getting carried away, what can we learn from history and apply to electronic currencies if we perhaps adopt a little humility, to see this as just another step in the evolution of history rather than an entire paradigm shift?
 
I was also quite surprised that the interviewer made no attempt whatsoever to use follow-up questions with Stieglitz,  nor to challenge anything he said, there was f*ck-all critical discourse at all.  
Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan, but he deserves and needs critical analysis.  We all do.  