@_author: swternki
@_date: 2017-04-27 05:32:51
I took the time to read through the code myself (I'm a software engineer), and it's pretty clear that it's not "minerlink".
It is literally only sending the mac address, id (which is a counter of how many times it has phoned home) and the "hash_board_id_string". It doesn't send the current hashrate, temperature, pool status or anything else you'd expect some kind of remote management system to care about. It also doesn't do anything with the returned data, unless the data is the string "false" at which point your miner will show "Stop mining!!!" and "Fatal Error: unkown status." in the log, then it will stop mining.
@_date: 2017-04-27 05:32:39
With remote code execution you can reflash the firmware on those miners, and once you do that you can permanently brick them. In fact, it's almost certain that you could permanently destroy the HW - I used to work as an electronics designer, and I did that by accident w/ bad firmware quite a few times.
So tl;dr: we have a backdoor that could permanently kill ~70% of the Bitcoin hashing power, and it can be triggered by anyone with MITM capability or the ability to change DNS records.
edit: They think this one isn't exploitable, but apparently Bitmain has another way to remotely reflash firmware on Antminers anyway, so the above is still quite possible. :(
Sadly this kind of fuckup is far from unknown... Tesla for instance has the ability to quite literally kill all Tesla drivers and their passengers with over-the-air firmware updates. Both the accelerator and brakes are fly-by-wire - and the steering assist motors could probably overpower most drivers - so you could reprogram every car on the road to all accelerate out of control until they hit something at the same time without warning. Such an attack could result in thousands of people getting killed.
@_date: 2017-04-27 05:33:09
Even if it is, it's too incompetently coded to be used safely.
Someone can hack your DNS and make your miner talk to the wrong server, so not just BitMain can stop your AntMiner, anyone with the skill and opportunity to hack DNS can stop your AntMiner (it's not easy, but is doable by your ISP). The code doesn't even confirm an SSL certificate that it's talking to the correct server.
The only control MinerLink would have would be to monitor if your miner is online, and turn it on or off.
There's no confirmation that the owner of the miner is the one who authorized the turn-off; BitMain's server can turn it off even if the owner didn't want to turn it off, there's no signature from the owner involved to confirm. Even LN without SegWit is more secure, and we don't really want to use LN without SegWit.
