@_author: sxhmidog
@_date: 2014-02-10 18:42:35
Can someone explain to me why Mt. Gox transactions are not going through because of this issue?  The whole reason we're talking about this is because customers of Mt. Gox were not getting their Bitcoin that they withdrew, how is this the reason?  If the incorrect transaction ID is entering the blockchain, the money still should be sent.  Did they stop processing withdrawals much earlier?  How were some people able to get money out and not others?
@_date: 2014-02-11 02:00:17
It's too early to tell if they actually still have the bitcoins.  To blame this all on Malleability is nonsense.  The issue that started this was that people weren't getting their coins.  Malleability or no malleability if they have BTC and customers withdraw from their Gox wallets, the money will be sent.  The transaction errors occur only when they try to double spend.  Could their accounting be all screwed up? Yes.  But if no one is exploiting their system they should be able to service the withdrawal requests.  
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:30:22
I'm 100% in agreement with what you wrote here, but you said before that Mr. Gox still has the bitcoins.  Though, what you wrote here, again which I agree with, says that Mr. Gox has in fact lost coins.  My position on this, here and offline, is that Mr. Gox has lost BTC of unknown quantities and I think we are in agreement on this.  Regardless it should be interesting to watch the fallout.  I hope those that have money on the exchange can recover what they're owed.
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:30:33
Just as an aside, I just followed this link: 
and read this: "All funds at Coinkite are fully segregated between customers and we don’t use the Bitcoin transaction numbers (transaction hash) to link deposits into customers’ accounts."
At least one implementation in the wild that segregates customer funds.  Not refuting your point, just interesting to find one implementation that prevents a dirty pool.
@_date: 2014-02-11 03:26:49
Right so if the customer withdrew their coins from their Gox wallet they would receive their coins regardless of malleability issues.  If someone changed the txid on the transaction, Gox wouldn't see transaction in the blockchain.  The customer would still have their money, the double spend would only occur if Gox tried to spend that same money from the customers wallet (which they think never transferred).  I could see this being an issue if Gox is doing some movement within their internal wallet system outside of the blockchain, but that seems a little nuts.  
One thing that could be, is that they may have moved coin in order to deal with people exploiting the flaw in their wallets, e.g.,  someone complains about not receiving a transaction (having actually received the coin), Gox then transfers money from their own wallet or someone else wallet internally to cover the issue and re-sends to handle customer complaint/exploit.
I'm not sure how this issue even occurs without exploitation.  Anyone?
edit: Based on comments about their weak programming skill it is possible to taint their collective pool of coin if they move money willy nilly inside their system and someone is capturing their transactions and altering the txid without using the exploit to steal coin.  Though my strong bet is that coin is missing.
@_date: 2014-02-11 04:03:15
Thanks for the reply.  As I wrote my last comment this started to dawn on me.  Keeping track of my own transactions in an automated trader highlighted this issue and I should have realized.  Though, it seems like someone with enough knowledge to perform this attack would also try and exploit this issue as well, not just temporarily destroying data integrity inside Gox.