@_author: sydrooz
@_date: 2019-11-02 10:06:19
Very good reading behind those links, thanks for that!
@_date: 2019-11-01 13:47:21
Thanks for the comprehensive answer, that really helps expand my understanding. I gather that the control over hashpower has no immediate disastrous impact. From what you describe, it however seems mining pools as such are something that at least to some degree goes against the original intentions of bitcoin - as they pool control (even if limited) in a decentralized, intentionally decentralized P2P network. I wonder if Santoshi factored the extent of today's pooling in, as he clearly had the idea that some sort of concentration of computing power may happen.
How do you think this may change when the finite number of bitcoins is reached? I assume (if I understand correctly) the hashpower will then solely be responsible for storing transactions on the ledger, but not pay off financially with block rewards anymore. I.e. the "left over" hashpower may in some ways looking for more rewarding ways than just storing transactions? I presume one current hope is that transaction fees may just compensate miners enough for their effort as computing power may be cheap enough by then; however I am wondering about the "malicious intentions" scenario in this particular situation.
@_date: 2019-11-02 20:14:56
I'd say it is time for such a network anyhow regardless of bitcoin. Everyone has bluetooth, wifi and other radio chips in their electronics in abundance. They would serve a greater good of a resilient network very easily. Just because we have cheap centralised networks, we got lazy not to program and use them like this. Would love to see an android and iPhone P2P internet connection protocol to be used during blackouts.
@_date: 2019-11-01 13:58:28
Interesting. Thanks for that view! Seems plausible that take-over by *adding* hashpower is practically impossible. It would really require to compromise nearly all of the network - technically or in other ways. I would assume mining pools maintain enough variety and are organized in ways that don't allow to form large groups of individuals that can be pushed over? Judging by number of  unsuccessful/pending BIPs, etc. there seems to be enough variety in opinions among them for a while, need to read more about the pools and their ethics. Would be interested if you have good reading suggestions on this piece.