@_author: syldiivh
@_date: 2013-07-25 22:07:41
Yeah i agree on your points. However i do think that the effects of such transition is to hard to predict. In the case where wealth gets heavily skewed around in a transition, civil war for example is not an impossible outcome. Maybe if government accepts the transition they can help smooth it somehow. Next generation IMF aid, bitcoin for fiat, with bitcoin interest ^^.
@_date: 2013-04-15 12:31:55
Ye it is very hard to know. The way i see it, since the combined value of all BTC far overexceedes the amount used in purchases. (which is what i see as the fundamental value). Alot of the value of the total BTC is the value of the future increase in use.. Since we dont know if the future use will infact increase, the price of the coin should actually be low to factor in the risk. Meaning the consensus could be that the BTC total value will be 10x higher than the total value of BTC right now with a 5% chance and a 95% chance that it will go to zero... 
Regarding the average Joe there might be 20 million average joes willing to use a virtual currency if there was a stable market. The reason you need innovators and early adopters is that they are the ones who enter before there is a stable and market and thereby creates it.. I just dont see the average Joe being the first in his society picking up a new virtual currency. If he did he would infact be classified as an innovator.
I think we are on the start of the curve until the total value of BTC and use of BTC converge... **IF** the BTC market will succesfully mature (Big if). 
This is also why the price is so volatile all of the value is future huge uncertainties. Will there be purchases for 1 trillion USD/BTC value or will it fade an level at 100k USD/BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-15 10:32:34
Well they would have to fundamentally change how it works for it to give them any benefit of 'creating their own'. E.g. if they changed the creating of coins away from mining into something they control centrally - but theres absolutly no reason to believe such a currency would have any value in the public minds - plus it would be a nightmare for the banks to agree on the monetary policy of the currency at all times. E.g. one bank could be short the currency another long - theres no way they'll both agree to pumping more coins into the market
@_date: 2013-04-15 10:47:59
I guess the banks would give such a currency more trust in the average person. But i think the opposite would be the case for the techies/early innovators. I believe this group of people is hugely important for a virtual currency which only value is the enablement of trade (the more traders the more its worth). With a virtual currency backed by the banks I dont see any innovators or early adopters to get it going.
@_date: 2013-07-25 17:01:09
I think your view is probably cynical and mine naive ;). However i do agree that it probably wouldn't happen. But who knows.
@_date: 2013-07-25 15:48:48
In my mind it is a question of when in the adaptation process of Bitcoin. I totally agree that there wouldn't be a run on the local currency before a practical bitcoin-infrastructure is in place (unless fears of inflation in the local currency frontruns the adaption). The assumption is that bitcoin is more practical than the local currency e.g. an infrastructure is sufficiently in place. If your risk averse in regards to Bitcoin it seems more rational to keep some wealth deposits in EUR or USD than in the local currency.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:30:19
I dont really know to what extend BTC is used for illigitimate purposes, but if the extend is wide enough and BTC fundamentally enables those illigitimate actions - if no viable regulation comes to stop this then I believe BTC will be killed off. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 13:00:02
Yes i agree, and I think many people do agree that if BTC reaches 'critical mass use' it will be a superior way of transfering money (that is why it is valued so high compared to how much it is used right now + people speculating on historic prices ofource :)).. I do have my doubts about the anonymity aspect of it though, could imagine laws being established regarding the balance and use of BTC, atleast for companies. To clarify its a banks responsibility to monitor illegal use of money, where they are a link in the transaction. 'money laundering', 'terrorists financing' etc. If you can bypass the bank you can also bypass this control.
@_date: 2013-07-25 19:35:38
You are probably right that if it ever came so far, a government would probably prohibit the use of the currency. Do you think that is a bad thing? A run on the currency would probably skew the wealth distribution in directions not related to value-addition to the society. In other words wealth is skewed towards early exchangers.