@_author: sylvinias
@_date: 2017-12-08 04:12:43
The other users go into the effect, but I want to add something: we had taxes before computer systems made everything easy to track, and if bitcoins proves untraceable we will again. Rather iconically: before 1987, the IRS didn’t have any way to register newborns, so they simply asked citizens to tell them each year how many dependent children they had. As you can imagine, people tended to bend the truth on that form a little. After 1987, the IRS required a social security number to grant the credit. In a year, 7.000.000 dependent children vanished, 80% of whom would never appear again. Evidently, some serious tax fraud had been going on here, but a few million people misfiling their forms didn’t quite dislodge the US government.
And yes, businesses already do business off the books. National tax services actually sometimes employ people to actually go incognito to businesses to count how much they’re selling in a day, to compare to what they file. Plus, as the leaks in the Panama Papers showed, millions upon millions of dollars are already pocketed in offshore corporate shells, untraceable to all but the most well-equipped investigators. If all else fails, Cryto1965 is correct governments could resort to a system with only consumption taxes (which some branches of economists argue is superior already).
You may be correct wide adoptation of bitcoin may make hiding assets more available to the general public, but governments do not depend greatly on capital gains taxes. Income taxes and consumption taxes are the pillars of most modern governments - with a side role for corporate taxes. If you’re picturing enforcement of those as a massive Big Brother system that monitors all bank accounts of all businesses everywhere and lines them up with the filings... don’t. Some tax services - my own, the Dutch, included - can get such records without a court order, but it’s simply not manpower efficient to check everything. Maybe someone looks it over once to see if nothing stands out. There are more thorough ways and every now and again, they do send someone to really siv through a company’s books on-site. They don’t need to check everything but check enough. Taxes are paid because most people are honest enough, and fear the IRS (or their equivalent) enough, to file correctly.
Society and technology changes all the time. Taxes change with them, but never go away. Money becomes untraceable? Doesn’t change that game much. We’ll go back to taxing houses by how much windows are in them before we ever give up on taxation.