@_author: symbiotic_bnb
@_date: 2018-10-06 16:39:50
Yes, I have seen this posted. Other commenters have already pointed out that this does not prove anything. There is no live interaction, just a quick zoom on your screen.
Unfortunately, it makes no sense for the language of your computer to result in automatic modification of an English e-mail into incorrect English and removal of sentences.
@_date: 2018-10-04 15:31:53
This account is under investigation as a result of suspected fraudulent activity. During the investigation of this case, Binance guarantees the security of the account's assets.
For more information, please review our previous response to the situation in the relevant thread on our own subreddit:
@_date: 2019-04-12 00:48:44
Look at your thread and the way you're responding to people. You're being treated as you are treating others, which is the golden rule, after all.
@_date: 2019-04-12 01:48:21
Then what is your ticket number? If it's an unsupported document, then you could easily get another, accepted form of identification and provide it. Surely worth it, no?
@_date: 2018-11-23 12:47:51
Do you honestly believe that my message was corrupted via translation from English to English? In any case, his version of the comment does not make any sense, thus, of course the meaning was changed. However, as the user's native language is not English, perhaps he was under the impression that the meaning was changed in his favor.
Regardless, the point isn't the meaning of the comment, but the fact it was changed at all. He is also uncooperative in providing evidence that the comment was not modified, beyond taking a video in which he zooms in on his altered screenshot.
If we were able to provide further details, we would have done so already. We have referred the customer to local law enforcement, but he would rather continue seeking attention on Reddit. Oddly enough, the lawyer he claims to have has apparently been putting the 'finishing touches' on the paperwork for a few weeks.
In short, you should be able to trail this user's history and draw your own conclusions.
@_date: 2019-01-04 19:19:38
You act as though suspicious behavior should be ignored depending on the amount involved. That isn't how it works, nor are we at liberty to disclose details of the behavior publicly (no matter how much I would like to do so), as that could be seen as violating the user's privacy.
Furthermore, it does not benefit Binance to freeze customer funds. We earn commission from trades, and if an account is restricted, that would impede our ability to earn anything. Binance does not make use of frozen customer funds.
@_date: 2018-11-02 05:27:52
Actually, the modified version makes no sense. Regardless, the point being made isn't that the idea of the message was changed, it's the simple fact that the text was altered in the first place. Why?
As English doesn't appear to be this person's native language, perhaps they thought they were making a worthy change, when in fact they were voiding the messages of any comprehensible meaning.
In addition, when agents respond to tickets, it isn't done by e-mail, it's done by posting a comment to the ticket via Zendesk directly. The e-mail the customer receives is simply an automated notification from Zendesk.
@_date: 2019-01-04 20:29:23
We didn't. It was detected as spam by AutoModerator (user should have received a private message explaining this). AutoModerator isn't perfect, unfortunately. If he had asked us about it we would have approved the thread. 