@_author: symphonic_nightmare
@_date: 2014-02-25 21:53:04
I can completely see both sides of the issue.  I can see how it would seem insulting and I can see how it would be appreciated.  I think a lot of it depends on the personality of the recipient.  If you'd just told the story of how you'd lost a tremendous amount of money would you be angrier with the random stranger who just ignored you and walked away, the one who pointed and gave you a Nelson-esque "ha HA," or the one who just gave you all the change they could find in their pockets so you could try and get started again?  (Or even just grab a cup of coffee.)
There's going to be a lot of ups and downs with crypto.  It's a new system that's poised to impact established systems.  There are going to be a lot of dark times for people who are heavily leveraged.  Everyone who's interested in crypto, for whatever reason that might be, is in this together for the long haul.  The Goxxing affected everyone in every crypto community because so much is owed to those pioneers of Bitcoin.  I was just trying to throw in more support for someone experiencing the situation directly and heavily than empty platitudes and an easily typed, "Chin up, little buckaroo."  Maybe it was the wrong move.  It didn't feel like it, though.
@_date: 2014-02-26 02:19:21
I think that it's about the sentiment behind the tip moreso than the monetary amount of that tip.  I suspect some would appreciate the sentiment, some would be angered by the action and would miss the sentiment entirely, and some would be angered by the sentiment.  I think a non-trivial number would appreciate it just to know they're not alone through what, for them, is a crisis moment.  In this particular case of tipping the recipient seemed appreciative, but that is purely anecdotal.
@_date: 2014-02-26 15:02:20
Good luck in your future with crypto.
+1000 doge
@_date: 2014-02-25 06:34:18
The only choice is for us to help remold you as a Shibe.  
+1000 doge
Edit:  Sorry if this is taken the wrong way.  I'm not trying to tout one currency over another and I'm not trying to rub in salt, I'm just sad to see this whole situation and have no other means of offering condolences.  It's a shitty day for all cryptos.