@_author: synacked
@_date: 2019-07-22 11:03:00
Buying a house is too short of a window to successfully minimize risk in a volatile market. Save up your money in cash and buy a house outside of your high risk portion of your portfolio. If you want to invest in btc put small amounts away each paycheck and dollar cost average over decades.
@_date: 2019-07-14 15:15:05
Bitcoin is the value of information immutability. This is the killer app. It's a rebuff against censorship, and the outright control of information flows. If you have Bitcoin, you can encode data in the block chain which will stand the test of time. Proof of publication, proof of invention, proof of ownership, proof of transaction, actual data archives. We have barely touched the utility of Bitcoin in this domain.
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:56:30
There is. There are some high level, world wide, human race defining changes happening as we speak. There's a battle between systems, between means of control. Centralized vs decentralized. There are defined, significant counter philosophies tied to both those polarities.  And they're at arms. One is fading and the other is barely peaking it's rays of light over the horizon. Bitcoin is simply a tool in this process of change, and change is coming. 
@_date: 2017-12-08 00:59:35
The NWO is the OWO. That's the point. They had plans and those plans were usurped by those who prefer not to be controlled. Bitcoin is one of the many tools and actions taken to ensure that future. Bitcoin is the good and responsible individuals working together and fighting back against creeping corruption and control. Grandiose, sure, but only time will prove that we are living in a grand time never before seen. 
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:33:52
I want to reiterate to OP, the laptop is not going to change its current state without your intervention. 
That is to say: You cant fuck it up further if you don't do anything. 
Know exactly what you're doing. If you're not confident or thoroughly versed in anything don't do it. Do NOT reformat that drive. do NOT change partitions, do NOT write to that drive at all. Your goal is to access the wallet.dat file and back it up 3 ways from Sunday and then attempt to regain access on a persistent OS installation.
Your first step should be to diagnose the laptop. If you can turn it on and see the bios, you're golden and certainly can gain access to the file barring some encryption the key to which you don't know (wallet or harddrive). Crowd sourcing the troubleshooting is probably your best bet as long as you can keep good opsec and not dox yourself. Otherwise you're going to have to find someone you trust who's familiar with bitcoin installations and how to access.
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:26:03
That's a good question. You're relying on the typical mutual fund manager to show history of good fund management...You're relying on the BTC fund to show a history of good security and management.
With BTC being out of your control I'm still super hesitant to say no it's not riskier. There is a unique layer of risk that other mutual funds do not have to contend with. Lets put it that way. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:03:19
Bitcoin bought and sold normally are taxed at capital gains rates. If you sell after 1 year you owe (15%?) at long term capital gains rate to the IRS. 
OP "isn't-holding-his-private-keys" in a BTC fund named GBTC which is held inside a tax advantaged account called a roth IRA. Maximum annual post-tax (read:wage income, ect.) contribution of 5500 dollars and growth can be pulled out tax free when you retire. 
This is a great way to insulate your bitcoin gains without giving the gov a cut. It's also a great way to ^not^hold^your^private^keys
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:11:38
Thank you, corrected. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:11:15
Op purchased shares of a fund that holds bitcoin, within a tax advantaged account. The fund owns bitcoin and controls the private keys which gives claim to said bitcoins. Op owns shares of said fund. Op does not have **control** of the private keys (to my knowledge). 
He who does not control the private key does not have control of the bitcoin. You are relying on the fund to secure the keys properly. Humans are human...
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:31:01
Let me put it this way: How much do you think this fund would be worth if their bitcoins were hacked and stolen? The fund manager decided to take the keys? What about if their cold wallets were destroyed? Don't say it wont happen because it has catastrophically happened many times throughout the lifetime of BTC. 
The beautiful thing about BTC is that it brings the question of trust back into the mix when it comes to finances. The entire credit card industry is built around making it as easy as possible for you to spend money. Lost your card? New one in days. Card info stolen and fraudulent charges are showing up? Poof, gone instantly. Go back to buying stuff. Buy more. buy now. buy with money you don't have. Leverage your future...
BTC makes you think about risk again. It forces you to be responsible or you lose your money. 
Always control your private keys. Always. 
@_date: 2019-06-30 15:20:01
Describe the problem with the host laptop. Does it power on? does it charge when plugged into the wall? Is it the monitor that's broken? Remove the battery and plug in the wall charger, does it turn on now? Do the fans turn on at least? What are the specs of the system? Is it a netbook? A gaming laptop? What processor? Does it have an access panel to remove the hard drive? Have you done such hardware work before? 
If it's a windows OS, the OS user passwords are just window dressing. You can gain access easily if you don't know the passkey.
If the computer boots at all, asin the first splash screen, the bios at least works. That's good. You can download and use a live USB linux OS. Ubuntu is the most user friendly, but there's a lot to chose from. I prefer Antergos. On such an old computer you may want to use a light OS like Xubuntu or Lubuntu (my go to for low spec older machines, I prefer Xubuntu). 
Boot from your USB drive and then go to the "computer" dialog in the 'places' drop down (for GNU desktops like Ubuntu that is). You should be able to access the entire drive including the existing windows partition without a windows passkey. 
Navigate to your wallet, copy it to a separate USB, copy it again to a second USB, copy it once more? Shit, you can't back it up enough. 
Once the wallet.dat file is on your USB, transfer that usb to an existing OS on a persisitent drive (as in: don't do this in your live OS USB you created to gain access). Import the wallet.dat into your preferred desktop wallet and voila, now you just need to remember your passkey.
@_date: 2017-11-28 20:09:13
Call your IRA broker