@_author: syncopat3d
@_date: 2018-01-16 12:44:35
The governments of the world don't act with a single will and are often at odds with one another.
At any given time, as with other issues like bank secrecy or friendliness towards shell companies, some governments stand to gain from allowing or promoting cryptocurrencies even as some others are against cryptocurrencies. Since it is hard for all the governments to be united, any measure some governments take against cryptocurrencies will have a limited effect. The extend of the effect is a balance of the power of governments that are for and the power of governments that are against.
With widespread-enough adoption of cryptocurrencies, a government that inflates its currency too much or imposes excessively onerous AML/KYC laws that affect innocent people will see its currency lose power. It will have no choice but to sit idly by as the people stop using it because they now have a choice. So, it's compelled to behave properly.
@_date: 2018-01-16 14:48:40
Well, "country" is not the same as "government", and my point wasn't about 0% tax rate.
Regardless of motivation/reason/intent, the fact remains that that different governments adopt different policies and are not united.
@_date: 2018-01-25 11:51:11
You could also flip the argument around and say that someone who gives advise or views that he doesn't back with his own money shouldn't be believed, because he has no skin in the game (SITG) and it's easy to give random advise.
In other words, that someone is famous or rich shouldn't have any bearing on the credibility of his views. The views should be weighed on their own merit.
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:27:20


The other use cases are if someone wants to send you a payment when your node is offline. The coins are not just going to disappear or get stolen if you're offline for a while. I don't think there's anything interesting here.


No, traditional banks can steal your money or lose it but routing nodes cannot steal your coins. Much of the complexity of the lightning protocol is to make sure lightning transactions are just as trustless as on-chain transactions. Are miners banks? Just because some node is providing a service does not make them a bank.


Without changing the Bitcoin protocol, just by increasing the block size, it's impossible to scale to a Visa level that everyone in the world can use for day-to-day payments without assuming tremendous scaling of network and hardware capabilities. Just do the math to see what blocksize is needed. No paper is needed to calculate the hardware and network requirement for this.


W.r.t. routing: A can talk to B through the limited-bandwidth EoC broadcast LAN (bitcoin blockchain) or though a P2P mesh network. Bitcoin blockchain, like the EoC broadcast, has limited bandwidth. P2P mesh network provides many possible routes. The 'routing' here is not routing of IP packets supporting any payment protocol that you may have in mind. It's the routing of funds between nodes, routing of funds being an analogy to routing of IP packets. Where's the false analogy?
W.r.t. caching: If operations can be performed locally, you get better performance. If you can download a file from a nearby mirror, it's more efficient than to get it from the original source. If the CPU can read some data from cache instead of main memory, it's more efficient. If two lightning nodes can settle all their transactions locally without involving the bitcoin blockchain, it's also more efficient. "Original source" is analogous to "main memory" is analogous to "bitcoin blockchain" and "mirror" is analagous to "cache" is analagous to "nearby peer". "File transfer" is analogous to "memory access" is analogous to "fund transfer". Where's the false analogy?
@_date: 2017-12-09 21:58:18
As an old TCP/IP guy, you should be able to get this analogy: Bitcoin blockchain is like a low-bandwidth broadcast LAN. With Lightning, you introduce caching and routing. Two endpoints that need to interact don't always need to do so directly through an on-chain transaction. They can interact directly through a Lightning channel between them or through one or more Lightning nodes that connect them. The Bitcoin blockchain gets involved only when opening or closing a Lightning channel. If you have payments going both ways the balance in a channel can remain stable for a long time so the the channel can remain open for a long time without involving the main blockchain. The effect is like being able to use a mesh network instead of the broadcast LAN for most transactions. The broadcast LAN as a limited resource is used for settlement or large payments.
The Internet is not one big broadcast LAN - that wouldn't scale. It is multiple connected LANs connected with routing protocols. Adding Lightning allows Bitcoin to behave more like the Internet than a broadcast LAN.
@_date: 2017-12-11 14:39:23
The always-on node can't tell for sure who you are, though. If they censor you, they need a reason, something related to your identity. Otherwise, they'd just be censoring upstream nodes randomly, which is pointless for most intelligent agents. They know your bitcoin address, and the channel balance you have with them. Unless they can link your bitcoin address to your personal identity, it doesn't seem like a lot of information for them to work with.
@_date: 2018-09-01 15:02:33
There are 2 capacity charts, one with linear y-axis and the other with logarithmic y-axis. When plotting things that grow exponentially or are expected to, logarithmic axes can be more useful for visualizing the overall growth rate.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:28:28
Yes, I was able to use the (testnet) Eclair app to pay both Starblocks and y'alls after setting up a channel with the 'autoconnect' option. It takes 2 confirmations for a channel to be established.
@_date: 2017-12-11 00:08:20
Implying that passing a signature along is a security problem suggests you don't understand the basics of public-private key encryption. Letting people see your signature proves that you originated the message and there's no security problem with that. Letting people have your private key is the problem. Changing your nonsensical question into a sensible one was giving you the benefit of the doubt.
@_date: 2017-12-11 15:50:30
You're right, it worked for me yesterday but just now, I got 'pending'.
@_date: 2017-12-13 12:01:09
That you have already opened the lightning channel is no secret since opening the channel requires an on-chain transaction. When getting a 3rd party to help broadcast transactions, what you disclose to them is the state of that channel, particularly channel balance, at various times before the channel is finally closed. If everything were on-chain, such information would be public anyway. So, privacy-wise this is a step down from what the LN could provide but not a step down from the current everything-on-chain setup.
I don't know what system people want to for procuring this sort of transaction broadcast service. There are probably many arrangements people can make and not necessarily formally involving any the Bitcoin or LN protocol.
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:24:29


Yes, if everyone suddenly starts opening channels, the transient pressure will spike, but at steady state, the average user should need much less frequent on-chain transactions, if bidirectional channels balance well enough to not require frequent opening and closing.


There's neither prove that it will work nor prove that it won't work.


I'm not saying that Internet routing working implies that LN routing will also work. I'm saying that there's no special reason to worry that there will be any intractable problem. I presented a similar domain where there's no intractable problem, so unless a specific problematic scenario is presented on how things can go wrong with LN payment routing, the case against it is merely FUD. Problems will occur for sure, but I haven't seen why they will be unsolvable.
@_date: 2017-12-13 16:36:42


There can be routing algorithms that try to to pick routes that avoid using up the channel balances and making channels useless, without any need for centralization. If the balance in a bidirectional channel stays balanced, the channel remains useful for future payments.


Depends on how big the 'handful' is defined to be as it relates to censorship.
@_date: 2017-12-12 17:14:35


...eventually, when there are a lot of users, and there is a lot of opening and closing of LN channels.


Let's say the blocksize were now increased as a temporary stop gap measure, and later LN turns out to work wonderfully so that the blocksize no longer needs to be so big. In this situation, you may want to reduce blocksize in favor of decentralization &amp; censorship-resistance but face opposition from people with other incentives. I don't mean that there's a good chance for blocksize to go below the current value.


The blocksize that the network can safely handle probably depends on the political environment. In a heavily authoritarian environment where bitcoin is attacked by the state, it's easier to circumvent state control of regular communication channels if you have a smaller blocksize because the safe or makeshift communication channels available are likely to have lower bandwidth. For example, consider the case where bitcoin is outlawed in some state and a user under its rule feels the need to use the Tor network, which is not known for high performance.


Yeah, I've hear the term 'spoke-and-hub' applied to the LN, perhaps suggesting that there is one central hub. It's not clear to me, though, that having a central hub or even a small number of super nodes is the only effective way to organize the nodes in the LN and the protocol doesn't dictate a centralized topology.
The Internet doesn't have one central hub that all traffic must go through, so I don't see why the LN needs one to work properly. Even if there are a small number of super nodes, with onion routing, it won't be easy for them to identify the two ends of a payment route that they are facilitating.
@_date: 2017-12-10 10:53:39
The most common use case for a lightning node that cannot be online all the time is probably a mobile wallet that you use to do small transactions. Such a wallet typically only sends without receiving. When it needs to send, it comes online and routes its payment through an always-on node that specializes in providing routing service. Not a perfect solution compared to if all transactions could happen on-chain scalably in a censorship-resistant way (basically impossible), but I think this covers a large portion of the transactions that people need to make.
@_date: 2017-12-12 13:17:54
If someone cannot be online to broadcast up-to-date closing transactions onto the bitcoin blockchain in a timely manner, he can delegate the job beforehand to one or more other entities. Those entities don't need to to know any secrets. They just need the updated signed transactions. The more updated transaction with an earlier nLockTime gets to spend the output before the older version does, 'preempting' it. The counterparty cannot cheat as long as the updated transaction gets broadcast on time.
@_date: 2017-12-12 14:36:39
It may be quite hard to reduce block size once you increase it. It may even be hard to resist increasing it a second time once there is a first time. Some people think that censorship-resistance and decentralization are really really important. This goes along with the original intent of Bitcoin to challenge/balance the fiat paradigm. OTOH, some people don't think this way.
People always have different perspectives. For example, maybe if you were someone who has first-hand experience living in a corrupt authoritarian regime, you would really want to strive for decentralization. If not and you were worried about competition from other coins causing price to drop hurting your net worth, you may believe that it is necessary to double or quadruple the blocksize to maintain short-term comfort, even though that's probably a meaningful measure for only at most 1 year because of huge growth in users and transactions.
Personally, I used to think that increasing the blocksize now is the right approach, but now based on the level of general public interest that I sense, I think BTC has the first mover advantage and its dominance is not in danger yet. Other coins generally will get the same scaling issues once they are big enough. I think the slow painful way is better for the long term goal of making Bitcoin a viable decentralized currency, not just digital gold. At the end of the day, it's all open-source and I'm not paying the developers, so I can't tell them what direction to take but I could get my hands dirty and be the change that I want to see.
@_date: 2018-05-07 14:04:18
I'm just waiting for Samourai to get out of "development". The page on Google Play says "This app is in development. It may be unstable." Doesn't sound very safe.
@_date: 2018-05-07 16:03:42
Does that mean other clients like Mycelium that are not marked 'development' are being oversold as being stable?
@_date: 2014-11-05 15:03:05
Making an ETF out of it will allow more people to trade it and make market for the ETF, and possibly create options markets for ETF, decreasing the price volatility for the ETF and in turn, price volatility of BTC itself, just like a futures market for BTC itself would also serve to decrease the price volatility of BTC.
The part about price going down because of "naked shorts" etc, like some others have pointed out, doesn't follow.
@_date: 2014-12-31 04:30:42
But if there are multiple blockchains each with a significant userbase and transaction volume, it's still like the old states of affairs with multiple fiat currencies. You could have an explosion of divergent blockchains with different groups of people deciding to use a different one.
To put it simply, the bitcoin idea can be embodied in an unlimited number of digital currencies including but not limited to bitcoin, litecoin, dogecoin, and different groups of people could still chose which one they want to use or come up with their own. A state could decide to issue its own premined digital currency and force its citizens to pay tax with it.
I don't see why everyone in the world will decide to use only bitcoin instead of using multiple digital currencies as it suits their own economic interests. For example, some time in the future, a group of people super-rich in fiat could decide that it's too late to become super-rich in bitcoin, and come up with a new digital currency, and apply political, economic, social and marketing pressure to promote its circulation, and then we start to have another digital currency alternative to bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-12-15 03:13:01
@_date: 2016-03-24 11:09:28
What am I looking at? HTTP requests?
@_date: 2017-12-10 11:28:41
If you mean private key, no, you don't give that to anyone, including when you let them route your payment.
@_date: 2016-06-13 17:38:00
Price prediction isn't simple. If it were, everyone would be making money, so I wonder what kind of insight you expect to find here other than multiple opinions none of which seem clearly the best. Conversely, anyone who can predict the price perfectly, even just once, can get very wealthy.
@_date: 2016-06-15 23:45:14
If this is true, doesn't it just mean that bitcoin is too easy to attack and needs improvement to work better at scale, regardless of who's doing the supposed DOS and for what purpose?
@_date: 2017-01-13 17:05:31
Do it for an amount that's too large and someone may haul you in for investigation or throw some obscure laws at you.
@_date: 2017-01-13 17:00:12
The comment I replied to talks about non-Chinese exchanges getting more business. A bitcoin exchange trades fiat vs BTC. If you can't get fiat out of China, how do you trade at the non-Chinese exchanges if you are a Chinese person.
@_date: 2018-10-10 04:59:29
What about watchtowers? If you're a newbie that finds manual funding of a channel hard, you'll probably have an even harder time constantly making sure the channel counter-party doesn't cheat. Without watchtowers, LN is probably not for a newbie that doesn't know the basics unless he's willing to lose money on the LN. For such a newbie, the availability or lack of an automatic channel funding feature would not be a major concern.
@_date: 2017-01-04 00:20:19


You may have a strange notion that there's some magical threshold for the number of available instruments in order for a more sophisticated trade to be possible, but in fact only two instruments are needed. For example, he could be long on one exchange and short on another exchange in a simple statistical arbitrage.
Him being short X BTC is as meaningful as anybody else not being long (another) X BTC.
@_date: 2017-01-13 15:13:01
The free market you speak of needs to first overcome China's capital control.
EDIT: But that's all besides the point. This change will reduce the Chinese market volatility. If you are holding, that's irrelevant to you. If you are actively trading, that's one less venue where you can trade. Most Chinese don't know another language and moving money out is a pain, so they are probably going to just trade less, not seek a foreign exchange using a foreign language. So, if you are actively trading, it probably means less volatility overall for you to make money from.
@_date: 2017-01-02 10:58:14
Do you know what other positions this trader is holding? It's meaningless to talk about one position in isolation from the rest of a portfolio. Maybe he's short the futures but long something else, such as the spot or another futures contract with a later expiration date, and the PnL will cancel out to some extent.
@_date: 2018-06-06 23:49:49
You're talking about the old meaning of "money laundering". Under current (AML) laws, simply moving money around can be considered or suspected to be money laundering by regulators and banks without probable cause.
@_date: 2017-11-06 04:37:45
It levels the playing field and restores some symmetry.
In the legacy system, certain privileged political &amp; business elites have special powers to steal money using various complicated schemes with impunity (e.g. 1MDB). A commoner trying to do similar things would be charged with money laundering.
Under bitcoin, everyone is equal. Every transaction is visible in the public ledge. The aristocracy does not get special powers to hide their shenanigans on the blockchain any more than the peasants. Bitcoin may not prevent people from stealing money but at least it mitigates against unfair advantage by the insiders.
The legacy financial system is rigged in favor of the aristocracy. Bitcoin doesn't care about the aristocracy.
If a society wants to more fully realize the principle that all human beings are equal, adopting bitcoin is a step in the right direction.
@_date: 2016-02-18 14:37:10
After I've done this, suppose I want to start another node. Is there a way to directly transfer the state from the old node to the new node so that the new node can avoid downloading a lot of blocks from the bitcoin network? Of course, this make sense only if the transferred data is smaller than the total byte size of all the blocks. I suppose I could copy all the files in `blocks` and `chainstate`, but can I do with less?
@_date: 2016-02-25 12:08:36
For it to be some kind of popular standard store of value, it needs to have a fairly stable price relative to other popular stores of value. In order to have a stable price, it needs to have widespread adoption so that the price won't fluctuate because of the action of a small number of market participants. How can it have widespread adoption remotely comparable to other things like gold or USD when the current blocksize restricts the number of transactions that can happen?
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:10:28
What do you do when the government itself is criminal? 
Najib is still at large. Under the old system, the government gets to stop you but you don't really get to stop them. Is that a good thing? Bitcoin decentralizes power.
@_date: 2017-10-26 15:16:42
I think the BS the banks put customers &amp; would-be customers through is partly due to AML &amp; related BS from the government. Sometimes a bank would rather send away business than risk getting punished by the government. To do a really thorough check on a would-be customer can be quite expensive.
So, it's not banks alone that make it hard to use money. It's the legacy financial system consisting of banks, government &amp; unprincipled laws that conspire against your financial freedom, but Bitcoin says you don't need to ask for permission to send and receive money. We can expect opposition against Bitcoin adoption from the agents of the status quo, including governments &amp; traditional financial firms.
@_date: 2016-10-23 14:53:27
This is the event schedule:
This is an article about the event:
For the time slot 17:00-17:30, someone (黄世亮) gave a talk about the blocksize. In the last picture in the last article, you can see that he was talking about how fees would scale with block size.
Samson Mow is not wrong, but I wouldn't say he's being truthful.
EDIT: Added missing 'l' at end of an URL.
@_date: 2015-03-07 06:54:00
One mechanism by which the super rich get even richer is their privileged access to government, which can also influence monetary policy. Since bitcoin is not controlled by any government, it works to level the playing field.
@_date: 2018-12-06 14:34:51
I've always wondered how seed records, including paper and metal ones like this, should be securely moved when traveling or relocating one's residence. For example, going through airport customs, someone may demand to see what's inside. If sending them with a shipping service, someone may peek.
It seems that the most secure way is to not move the seed record, make a new wallet at the new location with proper seed record and then  pay the new wallet from the old wallet. This involves three trips instead of one, though. For a nice metal wallet like this one, it seems like such a waste to discard.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:46:49
I don't think so:
@_date: 2013-10-20 07:32:54
So, if you have some equity that you paid for with BTC, how do you get paid dividend? It can't just be in bitcoin because overall, the number of BTCs available for paying dividend is constaint by the non-inflationary nature of BTC -- on average you can't get back more than you put in. So, perhaps you get dividend in the form of goods and services produced by the company? Then, how do you trade those for the things you really want? Bartering? You can see how bartering would be a step back.
@_date: 2013-10-10 23:08:40
Playing along with a criminal rewards his crime and encourages him to repeat the same crimes in future, as well as others to commit the same crime.
@_date: 2013-05-05 04:00:07
Each individual can move a limited non-zero amount of RMB out of China. There are also other, shady, ways involving magical business accounting.
@_date: 2013-04-13 02:21:20
With a 100Mbps link on your matching engine machine, perhaps the problem is not I/O bound, but using a 10Gbps link and feeding the orders from other, frontend, machines, the network interface could easily provide your matching engine with 1-10 million orders per second, probably more. On a 3GHz machine, this gives you a budget of around 3000 cycles per order, which doesn't seem like much considering that the matching would probably require complex data structures to keep track of orders.
TLDR: I don't think the problem is I/O bound unless you use a slow network link.
@_date: 2013-10-20 07:25:27
Like I said, where do people find the bitcoin for paying the interest if BTC essentially stops inflating? The total number of BTCs ever mined approaches a fixed constant over time, unlike inflationary fiat currency. I don't know what you mean by "Bitcoin will only deflate", but Bitcoin just doesn't inflate that much for people to get much of it for paying the interest on top of the principal.
@_date: 2013-05-17 15:30:47
Does this mean that when generating a new block, it is necessary to go through the entire transaction history of all addresses sending bitcoins in the new block in order to determine that there's sufficient balance? (I can't imagine it being feasible for a miner to maintain the online balance of all addresses because there are too many addresses.) Doesn't this mean block generation takes longer and longer as the blockchain gets longer and longer?
@_date: 2013-09-12 14:30:15
If they tax profits, do they let you deduct for a loss? What about loss that's not trading-related but due to theft or technological accidents (you lost your wallet)? How do you even prove such incidents?
The ability to reasonably tax bitcoin gain seems to be contrary to the nature of bitcoin itself, primarily that it has no central control.
@_date: 2013-05-05 03:36:03
This could be due to a May 4th CCTV documentary: 
@_date: 2013-04-07 01:51:22
Tell him your paper wallet is in a safe deposit box in a bank.
@_date: 2013-06-19 00:15:40
It seems that someone has managed to run Bitcoin Armory on an RPI. 
@_date: 2013-10-19 08:19:52
If all the world used only BTC, how do people give and take BTC loans with BTC interest? BTC is non-inflationary, so overall, people will have trouble finding extra BTC to pay for the interest. The way loans work will need to be quite different than today with fiat.
@_date: 2013-10-19 15:35:43
So, who will be willing to give out a loan without charging interest? 'Bankers' are irrelevant here. If traditional interest-bearing loans don't work, how do people/companies raise money for big projects? What's going to replace traditional loans?
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:26:26
Since exchanges can get compromised so that the BTC balance you need for trading gets stolen, do you model that risk in your trading algorithms?
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:46:08
I think it's a misconception because many institution are already doing high-frequency trading to some extend. It is not the purview of a special minority.
For example, retail stock orders do not directly go to the exchange. They go through a broker that does its own internal order matching and risk management. So, your order may not even end up causing an order to be sent to the exchange and when the brokers do place an order at the exchange, they do it with an automated trading algorithm. They have to do it fast in order to minimize risk and trading cost. If they get bad deals at the exchange, ultimately the retail traders get bad deals. For this reason, I wouldn't call high-frequency trading a bad thing. In fact, low-frequency trading by a broker would probably be a bad thing for their retail clients.
Another way to look at it is this: Some people think of the exchange as a fish tank and the "HFT traders" as sharks bullying the other fish (mom-and-pop?). But, mom-and-pop actually don't enter the shark tank. They use brokers who themselves are sharks of some sort. Sharks swimming with sharks in a tank is fair game.
