@_author: syntheticpanic
@_date: 2014-07-12 09:22:33
Well, I am just curious, what national chain is going to allow this to really kick off? In order for this to be really great news to everyone doesn't it need to be available to them. I'm not trying to be facetious when I ask this either. I'm wondering what are the works in progress to get this to stores near people. I would think that it would really require at least a couple of national chains carrying this product in order to really get it kicked off and in enough locations where it is a viable product/alternative. Not to sound like an asshole but if there is only a couple of places carrying it (mainly for novelty reasons) then I don't think it is going to be a solution for many people. Especially if the couple places that carry it are in big cities which already have better numbers for physical btc sales via localbitcoin sites. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 23:05:54
OK, that maybe the case now. But at the risk of seeming negative I will not go into much detail about how much harder it is for me to buy bitcoin now compared to a couple years ago. It pretty much changed in the course of a few months with the takedown of a few exchangers and DNMs. I think the idea is brilliant - do not get me wrong - I would LOVE to see these cards in stores, etc. But the reality is the same reason why it would be such a great relief is why it probably wont be a magic alternative. 
@_date: 2014-07-10 22:57:44
You are basing your idea of bitcoin gift cards on what you know of regular gift cards that are already easily purchased, and used, etc. I don't put it pass the authorities to either shut this idea down or make it to where the only way you can buy these gift cards is with a credit card and showing ID, etc. It is pretty obvious given how hard it is to buy bitcoin now compared to two or three years ago that the government is going to be watching it extremely closely and things will only get harder from here forward. This is apparent. 
@_date: 2015-01-07 23:00:03
what phone would you recommend? I use a really old pre paid phone but I have been thinking about moving up but I need to do so cheaply. I don't really know anything about the current cellphone market.