@_author: syresis
@_date: 2013-10-21 19:16:31
You're right! Sorry about that
@_date: 2013-11-06 16:07:54
I'm guessing your statement is about government regulation since that's really the only issue P2P solves as far as "staying forever" goes. There are a plethora of other issues that could lead to the downfall of Bitcoin, albeit unlikely but it would be silly to ignore them:
Fatal error in the protocol, SHA-256 being cracked, low level manipulation of random generators, another superior crypto-currency taking over, etc.
Most of those can be solved by a hard fork in the blockchain and Bitcoin may very well live on past them, but it can hardly be said that it definitely will. As far as your P2P comment goes, its been said before, crypto-currencies are here to stay; not necessarily Bitcoin. I do not see any current altcoin taking over, but we do not know what currency / protocol may exist in the future.
@_date: 2013-11-06 17:26:28
No hidden knowledge; I just know there are many ways Bitcoin can be improved upon and whether Bitcoin adapts to competing currencies as they arise will play a big roll in it staying relevant. There is a very strong chance it will always win out over its competition simply because it established itself first and has the communities backing. However, as with all software, certain changes will be extremely difficult to add on top of the current protocol without completely changing Bitcoins framework.
The "threat" would be a new currency coming out with so many new vital features that would be difficult for Bitcoin to add. I don't know what these features may be (never would of imagined something like the iTouch myself), but just an example would be something like instant transactions which require 0 confirmations.
However I personally would bet on Bitcoin staying dominant in the foreseeable future; my point was simply that we can not just assume it will always be relevant. I don't want people to get too excited about the current price movement and risk more than they can afford to lose.
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:36:57
You can use btcQuick if you plan to only buy a relatively small amount. It costs $1.99 USD to get verified, and you will be required to send a picture of the credit/debit card you plan to use and photo ID. They mainly want to see the last 4 digits on the card you will be using and that the name on the photo ID matches the name on the card, nearly all other sensitive information can be censored out. It only takes a few minutes to get verified and then you can buy up to $250 USD per day worth of BTC using google wallet.
They will send your BTC to an address you verified by signing it with your bitcoin client or to a private key for you to import. 
If you're interested: 
@_date: 2013-10-23 14:54:37
Not sure if you've been around for long, but even when the price is stable this subreddit still sees many new companies accepting bitcoin. Many of them don't even care about the market value due to services such as BitPay.
@_date: 2013-10-22 13:07:40
The market value of bitcoin has been rather stagnant for the past few months, so a lot of people are just excited and caught up in the moment. If you don't like reading these type of posts come back in the more "regular" intervals of bitcoin, then this subreddit will be mostly about bitcoin news, new technologies, etc; as it was just 2 weeks ago.
@_date: 2013-11-21 14:27:57
I don't think people in this thread are fully understanding what (the alleged scammer) is trying to say. He initiated a trade with multiple people by his own free will, and they sent their payments. In the meantime someone had hacked his Local Bitcoins account and upon seeing all of the BTC locked in trades said hacker attempted to invalidate them so the BTC would be refunded and thus he would be allowed to withdraw them. 
He makes no claims that his bank account was hacked and he acknowledges that he received the full payment. Yes, it is possible he saw the price quickly rising and attempted to invalidate the sales and draft this story, but to be honest what he is saying isn't far fetched; considering he still wishes for the Bitcoins to be released to and send the ~0.3 BTC that Local Bitcoins took out of the transaction to her as well.
This situation is pretty bad for both participants in this transaction, so hopefully all will be resolved soon.
@_date: 2013-12-09 01:12:43
Everything you said was correct except for them "settling" for 1Archive; all BTC public addresses start with the number 1, so all vanity addresses include it as well. 
As another interesting fact, all Bitcoin private keys start with a 5.
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:14:27
When you pay for the widget you will send the merchant 0.5 BTC, the same way you would pay $0.25 USD to buy a gumball. If you're valuing your bitcoin at $140 then you can pay for something worth as little as $0.0000014 USD because BTC can be divided into units of 100,000,000th of a bitcoin (a Satoshi). When you send any value less than a whole bitcoin that's all you send, you keep the rest, just as you would spending a quarter. So yes, your left over 0.5 BTC will still follow the market value of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-10-21 17:07:22
Your android wallet is what is known as a "thin client," and that is why it does not require the entire blockchain to be downloaded. There are multiple thin clients that are cross platform (Windows/Mac/Linux) but the main three are:
* 
* 
* ~~ (Thought it was a thin client, it is not)
If you're interested in learning more about how thin clients work: 
@_date: 2013-11-06 15:19:41
Or none of that could happen. Don't get me wrong I'm a strong believer in the future of bitcoin but its best to keep yourself grounded. It could go to the moon, or maybe somehow, someway it could just go away. Try not to be too sensationalist, it will just hurt all the more when the price goes down / stagnates, even if it will probably go back up later.
@_date: 2013-11-21 15:40:00
Trust me I understand your frustration, this is a lot of money to have "up in the air." Going over his comments again I am not entirely certain he has regained access to his Local Bitcoins account, in which case he cannot release the funds. You may know something I do not, though. There may also be some sort of hold asserted by Local Bitcoins due to the circumstances; I don't know how they handle these types of situations so sadly I can't help you in that regard. 
Regardless I truly believe you will be granted at the very least your 12.7 Bitcoins soon. Its difficult to stay calm in a situation like this but I really don't see Local Bitcoins ruling against you since both of your testimony now is highly in your favor. Give it time and try to figure out the best method of receiving the additional 0.3 BTC; whether that be with Local Bitcoin's moderation or on the side.
@_date: 2013-10-21 16:51:56
If you add a new address to a currently existing wallet there will be ways to tie that address to the others in the same wallet. The amount of BTC in a wallet is spread out across multiple addresses, say Address1 has 1 bitcoin, Address2 has 1 bitcoin, and Address3 has 1 bitcoin, your wallet has a total of 3 BTC. Now say you're going to send someone 2.5 BTC. In order to cover this charge the bitcoins in address1, 2, and 3 will be pooled together to make the payment, thus showing that you own all 3 addresses to anyone who checks the block chain. 
It's a bit more advanced then that when you take into account change addresses, but it holds that your addresses are linked.  If you're interested in further reading go here: 
@_date: 2013-10-12 16:51:08
For step 2 go to the transfer funds tab and send the amount of shares you want transferred to the user "NeoBee".
For step 3 you need to know your public BitFunder address, this is shown in your account summary. They need this because all assets on BitFunder are "owned" by an address which you gave them upon signing up for the service. You can search your address and others to see their holdings here: 