@_author: t00le
@_date: 2016-08-04 17:38:11
@_date: 2016-08-06 04:46:10
Process servers are likely getting bored. :(
@_date: 2016-08-04 01:21:13


So to protect our coins while on BFX we do not hold all of the actual private keys of our coins, but simply one of three of the private keys. To protect our coins from external bad actors we have our account based private key, we setup 2FA, email confirmation and have to wait for the hot wallet to be replenished to protect us from ourselves during withdrawals.
At that point our coins may be identifiable, but you have a private key and so does BitGo. By your definition you are acting as the custodian of the coins, so how can a customer assume ownership  of a breach and loss of coins when it is obvious that the withdrawals were done on the back-end and not from a public facing user interface?
You may not own the funds, but you are custodians of their safe keeping. That's the part I have trouble understanding from a Risk Management or Risk Transference position, so please explain how a coin in a spot position that you have the ability on the back-end to subvert front-end protections the customers fault? 
@_date: 2016-08-04 02:38:59
So to protect our coins while on BFX we do not hold all of the actual private keys of our coins, but simply one of three of the private keys. To protect our coins from external bad actors we have our account based private key, we setup 2FA, email confirmation and have to wait for the hot wallet to be replenished to protect us from ourselves during withdrawals.
At that point our coins may be identifiable, but you have a private key and so does BitGo. By your definition you are acting as the custodian of the coins, so how can a customer assume ownership of a breach and loss of coins when it is obvious that the withdrawals were done on the back-end and not from a public facing user interface?
You may not own the funds, but you are custodians of their safe keeping. That's the part I have trouble understanding from a Risk Management or Risk Transference position, so please explain how a coin in a spot position that you have the ability on the back-end to subvert front-end protections the customers fault?
@_date: 2015-11-06 02:44:14
I wonder what is really in Fort Knox since it has not been audited since 1974 or 1975 and it was a single room?
@_date: 2015-11-23 07:46:09
Offensive Security is not in a gray area. Will the .gov's look the other way? It's likely in the current scenario since we need a new enemy to fuel the military-industrial complex and to use our tax dollars to fight the plague. 
I wholly hope that they are using proper OpSec, otherwise they will be flagged, if they are not already flagged. Believe it or not, random people from the internet doing good things make the mass surveillance initiative in the US look bad or not working, which the machine will rectify once the current media storm passes.  
As a person in the security arena for a really long time, likely longer than the ages of a good portion of posters here. Once the media frenzy is completed, arrests will start to be made on the same people that are being championed, however..... 
Looking at some of the dumps I have seen, I am fairly certain that some of the "hackers" have access to feeds that are generally reserved for the "watchers". If no arrests are made on the hackers, it's either good OpSec or collusion of a few departments within the US .gov's that are sideline working in the gray area. 
They have provided good intel, according to the press. If you donate to them, use a new address and find a way to creatively not tie your normal addresses to the donation that's untraceable in the blockchain....hint?
For the security cautious....
OpSec 101:
From wikipedia on Tor, "As of 2012, 80% of The Tor Project's $2M annual budget came from the United States government, with the U.S. State Department, the Broadcasting Board of Governors, and the National Science Foundation as major contributors"
If you use TOR, use it from a random access point every time using a virtual machine booted off a CD/DVD/BR drive that has no hard drive. Don't use the same USB device more then twice since the hardware ID of the USB device can be tracked, along with your browser setting and preferred OS settings, leave it vanilla. Have a virtual machine that you verify the sha from the provider on a read-only medium and use older versions, seriously. Leave your phone at home and know that TOR entry/mixer/exit nodes are watched since the funding of sponsorship for TOR is interesting. 
If you notice your browser suddenly change languages, pay attention. I live in Texas and any communication from my provider shows my geo-location as sourcing from the UAE. I contacted my ISP and they said my account settings were grayed out and they would get back to me, two weeks ago. I was likely flagged for a wire transfer to buy miners from China since I am part of the machines relationship to Fortune 500's with three letter organizations. My security certifications that few have in the US that don't work for the .gov's are watched, closely. 
The watchers are unable to domestically (heh) monitor traffic unless it leaves the US, so geo-location of your IP a useful thing to watch. :)
@_date: 2015-10-30 03:04:51
The volumes are amazing.....