@_author: t0liman
@_date: 2014-01-19 09:59:18


i agree. BFL has a great business model. in lofty promises.
if you give me $4,000 i'll promise to deliver $4,001. it might take 11 months, or 5 years, but at the end of the day, i will deliver the product with the advertised specs. guaranteed returns.
1 year later:
Can i borrow a dollar ? we're close to delivering, but we might need to handle some unexpected costs in returning the funds.
18 months later:
we're really close now, and, by the way, we can promise a 500% boost in profitable returns if you invest $6000 today. That's a return of $6,005.  
all **"At the end of the day, delivered as advertised."**
@_date: 2014-01-19 10:02:09
the unofficial BFL failure rate isn't bad from what i understand of the last 6 months. 
1/100 units stop working or are faulty, mostly power supply related, some shorts, some overheating and faulty power circuitry, etc.
@_date: 2013-08-20 17:38:01
If it were another company ... we would all be more willing to invest in the premise of an $8/GH miner, even at the ridiculous scale of $4600 - $4800 USD.
Right now, it's gambling. you're putting ~$5,000 in the hands of some of the most irresponsible people i have ever heard of beyond the investment banking community itself.
There are people who have committed fraud, who are trusted more than Butterfly Labs are, even though BFL have delivered the products they promised to. eventually. or will. or could.
The most significant part is they arguably, actually spent time and money on PR, actual marketing, they could have saved themselves from the increasingly pervasive "scammer" reputation and refunds if they had paid attention to the reputation and promises made by staff, or refuted, put up schedules, actually had the material to test back in October &amp; November 2012 or april 2013, etc. 
Now, it appears they used a greater portion of the sinking funds from pre-orders to fund a 65nm process AND a 28nm process at the same time, with an unknown chinese ASIC manufacturing plant (or at least it's not public knowledge... maybe it is ??)
So the first generation ASIC chipsets have, and will offset the complexity of testing and creating newer builds from 65nm and 45nm to 28nm production runs and someone will also have to pay for the incremental wafers and execution problems in the supply chain, etc.
That's the best case scenario, 
The other one is, the 28nm chips are entirely currently fictional, as is the power usage / throughput of 600gh/s,
and the 4 month delivery date is as valid as the 4 month backlog on minirigs and SC's.... that is over a year old for most pre-orders.
@_date: 2013-11-26 23:43:27
can't really beat on his "purchase"
humble bundle games, asicminer &lt;?&gt;, couple of steam games on bitmit, usenet indexes. 
oh, and the bfl jalapeno which ended up breaking after 5 weeks.
@_date: 2013-05-17 04:43:37
The DDoS is separate to the social hack.
most likely, you've been hit by the Slush database hack from 2-3 weeks ago in april. it's right there in your emails. 
all 12 wallet change emails ... sigh.
perhaps, someone's finally started decrypting and doxing the password list and is slowly going through the passwords as they decrypt, and testing them against other sites, probably an organised shakedown to go after miners, and wallets. see what the first point of change is, because that's usually the quickest and easiest target, password change and then logging into your email to access confirmations.
see if your google account/icloud emails are intact, you'll have to call apple and give details to get them to reset account information and a log in detail about what was accessed/modified in the period after the password change.
more likely, if you're not using bitcoin.cz as your main pool, you were targeted due to some social network "doxing" where they found a site/cookie that exposed your IP on another site, i doubt that the bitcoin.cz hack was this prolific, but it's always possible on database run sites. it's also possible that instead of finding your information on other sites, they may have located your IP from "last login" on bitcoin.cz (slush), an effective one-stop-shopping for your information. and they used that for the DDoS to slow you down just in case you were awake.
perhaps, also, you may want to get a really good password manager with 2-factor authentication (via SMS or non-remote-lockable device, e.g. not an apple) to avoid this in future, especially for "money/power" accounts and sites like icloud that have the potential to wreck your day. think work, email, desktop pc, bank, wallet, facebook, etc. things that store personal details like pet names and birthdays, etc. especially if you use the same secondary answers to questions like birthplace/pet/middle name of parents
from there, they don't have to hack you directly with a toolkit, storage sites like icloud are more easily hacked, most probably in an attempt to trying to find your bitcoin wallet or password list/browser password cache, and access to your mining rig's location/passwords/wallet addresses in websites. 
the DDOS is probably the dumbest part of the whole equation, it may have been to try and flag if you had firewall software, or over a prolonged period to see if your mining was hosted on the same router/IP as your account.
rebuilding a timeline of browser history/emails would show wether the mining pool was compromised or, a forum or social networking site where you use the same login and public name for yourself, and those were compromised, and your common/static IP leaked that way. 
notification and updating services can be a double edged sword, if not triple-edged. if your icloud account was flushed first, it's probably someone who's found you via icloud's ingenious "Find My PC, then DDoS, Hack, then rob and murder me in my sleep via GPS" feature.
@_date: 2013-08-20 17:19:37
it *could* pay for itself in 2 months. 
but, the stratospheric difficulty rise is amazing to behold. it used to be 17 million and that was difficult to get results.
The jalapeno i bought last year arrived today, and it's hashing away on a raspberry Pi i bought off ebay. it wasn't hard to set up, it started hashing as soon as i plugged it in, as i [had it all set up months in advance](
the only downside is, i have to send it back ; i paid for the upgrade, got a 5.5gh/s unit instead (though, there is an unofficial firmware JTAG upgrader/AVR Dragon programmer you can buy for $70, converts 5.5gh to 8.5gh... )
so, 
When the difficulty hits 100 million, in ... months, it will be roughly about the same throughput that GPU's were delivering at the beginning of the year.
I also bought an ASICMiner share mid-year while waiting for the jalapeno i purchased, and it's an interesting race to see which one will have more of an overall return in funds.
According to TGB, and the outrageous electrical costs in AU, it will start to cost me money to run an ASIC in nearly 6 months.
and, then BFL went and released "the Monarch", a 600GH/s PCI card, $4800... gruesomely priced. and it will decimate the jalapeno entirely, $8/gh. 
