@_author: ta689
@_date: 2013-03-22 22:28:30
If a serious flaw is found in the protocol, price could go almost to zero. If this doesn't happen, Satoshi must be one of the most brilliant men to ever have lived. 
Missing is a precise specification of the protocol and many competing implementations, which would help in case problems are discovered. I get the feeling that the whole thing is more like a thought experiment which is being used on a huge scale.
@_date: 2013-03-23 23:38:10
How about a bitcoin "bank" with multisig. Both your own and the bank's signature are needed to release the money. The bank only lets a limited amount of money to be spent per day.
@_date: 2013-04-06 10:41:22
I don't really see harmony in the Bitcoin economy. There are lots of scams, cheats, hacks, DOS attacks and frauds. 
So why does it work at all, where does the Bitcoin value come from? As the talking heads on TV say, it is not backed by anything. If this is true, it wouldn't have any value at all. Nobody will pay something for nothing. Bitcoin is almost nothing, but not completely. Miners have to perform real work, calculations, to create coins, and this seems to be enough to bootstrap the economy. It really is utterly bizarre that it works. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:23:54
It's a live system with a lot of money in it, obviously no one is going to make big changes. You would need to make a completely new currency to experiment with a new design.
Bitcoin solves the decentralization problem, and native microtransactions don't fit in a design like that. Microtransactions could be simulated with the Bitcoin transaction scripting system.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:46:29
Transition cost in changing from one cryptocurrency to another can't be high, especially if they use a similar kind of design. A new currency in its infancy would have other problems such as high volatility and vulnerability to attacks from high-powered miners, which just happened with Terracoin.
Why wouldn't there be a competition between different currencies? Big companies could try to establish their own currencies because it is so profitable if it succeeds. Countries could make their own currencies to have some amount of control or oversight.