@_author: ta8421
@_date: 2017-03-04 05:02:19
I have a RPi3 sitting around that I haven't done anything with in a while.  Is there a guide for people with very limited computer skills to setting this up?  I'd like to set up a node &amp; support segwit.
@_date: 2016-11-25 14:09:22
It's funny.  I look forward to advancements like segwit, and then I see posts like this, and I recall all the FUD I've encountered on here.
I continue to use bitcoin regularly without problem.  I just returned from a trip where I purchased Bitcoins at an ATM 3 times over 13 days with no issue, 99% of the time it took was me loading the bills.
Now I'm beginning to suspect there's something nefarious going on with segwit.  I hope I'm just being paranoid.
@_date: 2016-10-27 02:47:42
The leading market share CC should never be risked.  Once it is surpassed &amp; it's in 2nd or lower place, go nuts.  As long as all of humanity's hopes are tied to it (which they are to the top market cap CC), it would be insane to jeopardize, and should be assumed sabotage.
"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel."
The problem is similar to what most of humanity faces.  People valuing financial gain, over the greater wealth of freedom.  Rather than cheering for Team Free Individuals, they cheer for their investments.  They'll invest in ControlCoin when establishment forces drive the exchange rate up trying to unseat Bitcoin, knowing full well it's shit tech, and all for economic gain.
Bitcoin, or a real successor, must persist until we as a species evolve.  If we lose it for a moment, we'll never get it back.  Not without losing the technology, and rediscovering it one day.
People should hold the bulk of their CC value in the  market cap, and some percentage in their favorite other few, and hope like hell the total market cap of all of them continues to climb.  If theirs increases in value along the way, it's a nice bonus.  Otherwise, be glad you actually own your wealth.