@_author: ta_987
@_date: 2014-04-04 16:15:16
I hear a few of your points, and bitcoin is very much like cash.  Drop it on the street and it's gone, and you have no recourse to get it back.  Users need to be educated to realize that bitcoin is more like cash than a bank account or credit card.
@_date: 2014-04-04 18:07:47
Wow, its funny how often this happens and it is often overlooked as a moment of opportunity for some other payment system.   I look forward to this also.
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:22:40
I recently moved from the Southeast to Northeast in the US, and part of the condition of the sale of my home was to get the exterior painted.  Since I moved during the winter, the painting wasn't scheduled to be done until spring when I would be 800+ miles away.  I hired a friend who is a painter to do the work.  I'm unclear on this friend's US legal status, as he's a native Mexican.  I also don't really care as it's none of my business. 
Though it has created an awkward situation in trying to pay him via traditional methods remotely for multiple reasons.  
 - The first payment of was done by mailing him a check drawn on my old southern checking account.  He tried to cash the check at the teller, and was given a difficult time, which was eventually resolved by me calling the teller to authorize the transaction.  The check was made payable to my friends legal name matching his passport documents.
 - Mid project, he needed a second payment on an emergency basis.  Since I knew the bank manager and tellers personally from multiple years of business, I was able to coordinate a bank check for my friend to pick up.
This entire experience made me realize how much simpler bitcoin makes the world.  No longer do I need judgmental third parties to manage my funds, I can directly pay anyone I choose.
@_date: 2014-04-04 15:36:55
I was working on a procurement project for a large fortune 500 US company.  This company had a need to request proposals for raw materials from both US and Mexican suppliers.  Part of the bid process allows the supplier to bid in US dollars or Mexican Pesos.  It was common knowledge and a strategy of the US corporation to get suppliers to bid in Mexican Pesos when possible.  The thought process was that by locking a bidder into a Peso price was advantageous as it is expected to devalue against the US dollar over time.
Bitcoin, or one world currency, would level the playing field for these types of situations.  