@_author: tabbouleh_rasa
@_date: 2018-12-27 05:57:51
Please tell me what Bitcoin looks like.  
Is it pretty? Is it shiny? Will you gain social status if you bling out your car by plating it in Bitcoin? Can you make wires with Bitcoin that can conduct electricity efficiently? Can you make jewelery out of Bitcoin? Can you make cups, watches, forks, knives, plates, tables, statues, bracelets, eyeglasse frames out of Bitcoin? Because buddy, you can with Gold.  
If Bitcoin is not adapted as a socially constructed and socially accepted currency and means of exchange value, then it will have no exchange value, because no one will exchange anything for it. That is the definition of exchange value.  
Just because a digital asset can be instantly, and trustlessly exchanged anywhere in the world, and is not beholden to any government policy... (but guess what? it kinda is. ALL economic activity touches the political system somehow, even black market trades are defined by their illegality, and in fact the lucrative nature of black market trades COMES from profiting THROUGH the artificial barriers to production and distribution created by interdiction)  
...does not mean that you will automatically find people willing to exchange something, or indeed anything at all, for said digital asset.  
Gold on the other hand... there will always be someone willing to exchange something for Gold. Because Gold is fucking pretty.  
So, to CLARIFY, I am making the assertion that:  
Bitcoin is not like Gold and can never have guaranteed exchange value because it has no utility value outside of exchange value, therefore it is entirely possible that the exchange value can go to zero (capitulation, non-adoption, no one cares). Gold is not like Bitcoin because it has strong utility values (as a conductor, as a material) that are intrinsically valuable to humans (IT'S PRETTY) and therefore will NEVER lose its exchange value.  
Please tell me how that is wrong. Considering you don't hold any Bitcoin yourself, it seems you agree.
@_date: 2018-12-27 07:42:02
Every shitcoin is digital too, you know?  
The major point I'm contesting is the OP's silly idea that how popular Bitcoin is has nothing to do with its long term validity as a means of exchange value. Of course how popular Bitcoin has to do with its long term validity as a means of exchange value, it has *everything* to do with popularity.  
It's purely faith based, this idea that Bitcoin won't capitulate. Now I'm not prophesizing that Bitcoin will go to zero, but it's also just as irrational to think that Bitcoin is going to the moon within the next five years. It could just end up an extremely volatile, sideways moving asset for decades and eventually no one is going to care about it but a very niche group of fringe crypto speculators and then maybe it will finally capitulate or maybe it will just be the same sideways moving gambling game for the next century. No, even at this point it still isn't zero, but it certainly will not have achieved the vision laid out by Satoshi's original white paper, at least not until it achieves widespread adoption, AKA it *becomes popular*.  
Everyone keeps saying that cryptocurrencies are not the same as fiat because there's this mathematical formula that controls the monetary supply of cryptocurrencies. But that's it. That's the only distinguishing thing between crypto and fiat. Ultimately, they are both given value through social construction of a perceived fair rate of exchange between any commodity and the currency in question.  
Gold, on the other fucking hand, is never, ever, ever going to stop being pretty. We could nuke the entire human race back to the stone age, eliminating all language until we're back to Neanderthal-esque grunts, I'm talking about collapse on another level *beyond* some cosmic radiation frying all our satellites, I'm talking no governments, no social contract at all... and even then, Gold will still have fucking value. Because it's pretty. Gold is not just used as a currency, it is fundamentally a desired and valued commodity with many different kinds of use value.  
Crypto is just an agreed upon way of encrypting meaningless data so that we can track who owns said pieces of encrypted meaningless data, because the fact that the data is encrypted means that anyone can reproduce it so it can't be fudged with and fucked with. But if no one gives a shit who owns what bits of encrypted meaningless data (very possible if the encrypted meaningless data is worth jack shit) then... who fucking cares?!?!
@_date: 2018-12-27 02:43:18
Exchange value: the potential value with which you could derive from trading/bartering said object.
Gold will always have exchange value because:
1. It’s pretty.
2. It’s shiny.
3. It doesn’t corrode.
4. It’s a really good semiconductor!! This is more important than at first appears. Gold makes your iPhone function.
5. I mean, it’s really, really, really pretty. Have you seen that shit? It looks boss. No matter how much actual utility value it has (see: your iPhone) this is the primary reason gold has value. People will always be willing to trade shit for gold because having shit made of gold gives you social status, aesthetics notwithstanding.
If Bitcoin does not become popular, it will have exactly: zero exchange value. It will be simply what it is: a series of random numbers, just a nonce of a hash of a nonce of a hash of a nonce of a hash.
You know why it’s called a nonce right? Because it’s NONSENSE. Encryption is simply taking data and turning it into NONSENSE. It’s just that the mathematical complexity of nonsense can be used, in the form of blockchain, to decentralise secure ledger keeping.
Bitcoin, like fiat currency, has no value outside of socially constructed ones. Gold not only always and forever will have utility value, but that utility value (it’s pretty!) gives it, always and forever, socially constructed exchange value.
Bitcoin is not at all like gold.
@_date: 2018-12-27 04:10:03
Right my bad, I guess I dunno the difference between a conductor and a semiconductor