@_author: tacklessbear
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:07:35
Merchants receiving fiat not crypto - Lie. 
1% of wallets holding 95% of BTC. - Lie 
Ok, would you put your money into a Nigerian bank? Turkish bank? Greek bank? South African bank? Fuck, even my Australian bank limited withdrawals to $1000 a day (for a week) when the last GFC hit. Banks only need to keep 13% of all the savings people have deposited. Called "fractional banking" and it will sting when shit hits the fan.
@_date: 2018-03-19 08:03:41
Well your shit makes for an awful medium of exchange (fucking stinks), is not mathematically unique (/Askreddit), does not have a finite supply (I would be feeding you A LOT of curry), and cannot be cryptographically attached to smart contracts that provide undeniable truth. All of this is reserved for assets on a blockchain. One of those assets will act as a deflationary store of value till the end of civilization. Your shit will not. Neither will a country's pieces of paper or some shiny material (hard to transport gold to Mars ya know..)..
 
@_date: 2018-03-24 05:52:20
Liberal democracies are starting to encourage it because they know they can't fight it. A lot easier to mine coins in 2018 than to manufacture and drink alcohol in the 1920's. Still happens regardless - they'd be better taxing it.
 Dictatorships are the ones trying to ban it, cause they have much more to loose and more power over their citizens. 
@_date: 2018-03-30 23:54:54
Musk doesn't do anything unless it doesn't exist already or he can do it much much much better. Only 3 ways to make internet better. Availability, speed and cost. I believe he will tick all 3 boxes.
@_date: 2018-03-24 00:10:34
Yep, USD not backed by gold since 1971. Since then it's been a requirement to buy Saudi oil in USD - which kinda meant the USD was backed by oil. Though now China has set up a gold backed yuan to buy energy so the USD thing ain't looking so good. 
That's all kinda beside the point though.. you were saying that people should buy gold when equities and bonds are tanking. My question was: why is gold a better store of value than BTC considering the ease of accessibility  and ultra liquid nature of crypto? I can't spend gold on anything - need to exchange through a broker back to fiat..
And yeah, Africans are using phone minutes as a medium of exchange - to me that shows they are fully ready to embrace crypto. 
Transactions times and fees are just scaling problems. Think back to how shit Facebook was when it started.. have you done any research into the Lighting network? Will make fees and processing times for BTC less than PayPal. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 00:24:37
If you sold all the assets of Facebook, you wouldn't even recover 20% of the market capital. The biggest assets of the 21st century rely of Metcalfe's Law (network effect) to find value. Gold price is speculative, USD/JPY is speculative. Bundled mortgage backed securities were speculative. 
@_date: 2018-03-25 14:13:03
Care to explain?
@_date: 2018-03-23 21:29:49
Aussie millennial with an Econ/Finance Degree? Pretty close I'd say. Unless you're talking about the incredible people building the dapps of the future or the unbanked people of Africa, Asia and Europe looking for a little fairness..
@_date: 2018-03-24 04:01:43
By the way, thanks for trying to have an actual conversation about this and not just down voting. I really think decentralization is good for humanity on a whole, and I'm also interested in the economics behind it, so I enjoy the debate.
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:59:07


Interface (embed or API), wallet and exchange




These figures are currently impossible to know for sure as we cannot trace ownership. Only likely links. However,  the distribution is tailed. This will change as price increases. Obvoously. Also, how many entities control the US money supply? 1?


Right, but when equities and bonds start tanking and the credit union sends you a letter saying they are having liquidity problems, then where are you going to invest/hold you money? 
@_date: 2018-03-24 02:32:54
1. Gold is good hedge. 
Yes, HISTORICALLY gold was, but it's not the only deflationary asset anymore. I don't doubt that gold will hold its value or increase over this next recession, though I do believe Bitcoin will absorb some of that $7 trillion market share.
2. Can't spend anywhere. 
Coinbase and Square now allow any merchant using Shopify to acccept crypto. 60% of merchants currently using Square said they would be willing to accept crypto as well as fiat. So this is matter of time.
2. Bitcoin isn't stable at the moment. 
The bigger BTC gets, the less it can be manipulated, and the more stable it will be. So this is a matter of time.
3. Being your own bank is risky.
Its the only option for these "impoverished" people. Either that or Phone minutes!
4. Low fees, no mining incentive?
The block rewards end in 2130's . So until then, miners are getting paid. By the time we get there, the low fees will be anough incentive as computers will be insanely powerful and energy freeeeeeeee. Which leads me to:
5. Energy consumption.
Crypto mining directly incentivises new ways of harvesting energy on the cheap. You know the cheapest form of power? Renewables. You know who will push for renewables? Innovative Bitcoin miners. You know who won't? Dinasour banks...
@_date: 2018-03-07 09:47:49
I like to think of Bitcoin becoming the equivalent of treasury notes in the future. When times are good - take money out of Bitcoin and put in other crypto that has productive value. When times are tough - store that money in Bitcoin. Eventually the value of Bitcoin will be so high that it has very little volatility (if Bitcoin the only thing going up while most other assets in the world are going down - that's a lot of money - and is likely to be the case over the next recession/cyber war). When it comes to paying for day to day things, we will probably be using platform specific currencies (i.e. all business built on ethereum give discounts if you pay in ethereum - same for iota, ada' etc). Just my breif thoughts and there's a lot more that could be talked about.. Of course I don't think anyone can know where we will end up. It's like asking a Cave Man how a calculator could change their lives. Haha
@_date: 2018-03-24 04:53:49


Confirmation from receiving wallet is required to process orders. 
How so? It's a public ledger so we can easily see the amount of BTC in each wallet. And the fed is not autonomous. 
Show me two articles that show the same BTC  distribution. The fed does what the fed wants. It is a seperate branch to the government in every country except Russia, China, and Iran. The only citizens in society that can influence the fed are the the 0.01% wealthiest people - most of whom inherited their fortunes. 


I think you are underestimating the effects of a cyber war, trade war, and cold war between the great powers when the 2 of the largest economies are also in an absolute shit tonne of debt. Shit is going to get nasty.
@_date: 2018-03-22 01:15:10
Couldn't agree more. Well put.
@_date: 2018-03-19 06:16:31
Yeah sample bias isn't really the way to invest... 3b out of 7b have Facebook. It's taken a while - but there isn't much financial insentive to join FB. Buying some BTC when the next global recession (depression) hits? I'd say there's a bit of insentive there... Worth noting too - It's impossible for every millionaire in the world today to own half a Bitcoin. You do the maths..
@_date: 2018-03-15 03:14:51
Musk is all about accessible Open AI for humanity. The only way that could EVER EVER EVER exist is with the blockchain - and he knows it. Not only does Musk give a fuck - there is little doubt in my mind that he is Satoshi. 
@_date: 2018-03-24 01:12:51
Bitcoin is gold 2.0 - store of value. Ethereum is a productive asset (so more akin to Facebook if you consider FB advertising to be productive). 
Goods and services created by people for people using a decentralised proof of work. Once the govt catches up - the people will pay taxes on the Ethereum they have earnt.
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:20:37
If the global economy goes to shit again, why would I want peices of paper from banks telling me I own gold in a vault on the other side of the world? Bitcoin seems alot easier and safer?
@_date: 2018-03-14 04:14:41
Unfortunately I think big problems are coming for traditional banking no matter what. Whether it be cyber attacks, massive institutional defaults due to trade wars/war, or another global property market collape, or any of the other huge red flags popping up as capitalism eats itself and nationalism defeats rational thought.
Crypto is the mechanism that will hopefully mitigate the suffering of the average mums and dads out there from the next depression. 
Governments will need to prove they deserve our taxes instead of demanding them without any rational justification. New corporations will exist to make ecosystem's more efficient (Provide blockchain interface), not just to squeeze every last penny from suckers that don't understand marketing.
@_date: 2018-03-24 05:22:24
Top 2 results have different values for top wallet. I do agree with you though. The distribution does have a huge tail. Though this will change as it grows. And these addresses still don't have anywhere near the power of the fed over M2 and the subsequent global markets. They can't print Bitcoin. If they want to get more, they have to inject more fiat. Yes they can manipulate. But it's in their best interest to manipulate upwards. Hence HODL. 
No. Centralised systems are much much much much much much much much.... Much.... Easier to infiltrate. Ask JP Morgan. Or Facebook. Dectralized systems are extremely difficult.
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:08:25
I think it's all relative. If stocks and bonds keep falling, but Bitcoin keeps it's ground or rises, then I'd say "it's beginning to see a turn around". It really should rise with (more than) gold in my opinion - but that is for the market to decide. 
Also, we broke the 2 month downtrend a few weeks ago (only for 1 day though) and there has been a nice Double bottom ($6k and $7.4k). So technical analysis wise - we could be ok.
I think the next few next weeks will be important. As stocks fall, what will Bitcoin do? 
@_date: 2018-03-22 00:51:29
I've been pondering this predicament for a while now. The world is in a very different place now than in the 1940's when Keynes threw out the classical economic model of Adam Smith (yes, economics can, does and will change - that's why it's theory, not fact).
We are globalized. If China goes down, so does the US. If the US tanks, so do the EU. Keynes taught us that during an economic downturn, central banks and governments should stimulate the economy. Well, in the last GFC, the second largest economy was growing at 6% - 8%. The UK, EU and IMF implemented austerity, and the US had nowhere to go with interest rates and spent all its money on bailing out the big banks. So, it's not as simple as high school economics at the moment. But it could be! Enter BITCOIN.
Fastward 10 years. Bitcoin is so big that it has very little volatility (can't be manipulated). If people are scared to invest (global economic downturn), they will keep their money in Bitcoin. Expecting a 1 - 5% increase p.a. because others agree with them that it's probably a bad time to take on risk, and instead want to keep safe in (low volatility, deflationary) Bitcoin.
If people believe it's the right time to invest, they will take their money out of Bitcoin and invest it (expecting a higher return) in assets (or ecosystems) that have productive value. Bitcoin should now start to decrease by about 1% a year - in turn encouraging more people to take money out of Bitcoin and invest in assets with productive value instead (Ethereum, NEO, Cardano, IOTA, various tokens). 
Keynesian economics relies heavily on "automatic stabilizers". These automatic stabilizers will remain in effect - whether it's Central Banks deciding the risk-free rate of return or the "herd mentality". The "herd" will probably make the stabilizers work more efficiently. The work of Adam Smith reminds us that as each individual acts in their own self-interest (wanting to profit when the chance presents itself), they will collectively create the market that should exist. This was only possible in theory - until humanity stumbled upon decentralization. 
Let's take a real-world example: Another GFC hits. Equity (or future equivalent) Markets tank. 
Instead of waiting for a bunch of suits to decrease the interbank cash rate to "stimulate" their national economy, and then waiting for institutional investors all over the world to get their shit together; and then waiting for all that to trickle down the the real world where people start spending again; INSTEAD Bitcoin skyrockets in value as people flock to a safe haven. 
Now all the average mum's and dad's out there have drastically increased their marginal propensity to consume (the value of their bitcoin savings has increased by 20%) - this AUTOMATICALLY stimulates the economy within hours. Sure, investors searching for high returns have been hurt badly, but that's the RISK they took. They are the ones that should lose relative purchasing power. Not the average person who has nothing to do with toxic assets and just wants to know they can retire comfortably without the headache of their 401k (superannuation) halving or their bank not giving them their savings back. 
On the flip side? Inflation is getting out of hand?  How though? Bitcoin's supply is fixed. The price of goods and services should directly reflect the comparative advantage of that country, state, and county. 
For example, the price of bread in NYC goes from average 5 Satoshi to 8 Satoshi over 2 years. But the price of bread in Sydney stays at 5 Satoshi. Well, the citizens of NYC are being paid more Bitcoin on average because there is still demand for bread at 8 Satoshis, their economy is growing. If they travel to Australia, they will have a higher purchasing power (they be thinking, "wow I can buy 1 1/2 bread here for the same price of 1 bread at home") - exactly like they do now with fiat currency (thankfully with bitcoin, it will be without the exchange rate headache). 
What if the cost of bread went to 20sats in NYC? Well, you must be fucking loaded if you want to live in NYC. If you leave NYC, you are going to feel like a king. If after 1 year, no one is buying the 20 sat bread because they are importing 3 sat bread from Wyoming, then the guy charging 20 sats needs to get his shit together. 
I could ramble on, but this has taken way longer than I hoped. haha.. Point is - global economics is full of contradictions and fallacies, I think It's worth thinking about the counterfactual and how Bitcoin could help for the better. 
Last point though - Just because there are no US dollars does not mean that the US can't still tax its citizens and borrow bitcoin through bonds. It just means that any government wanting to do so will need to EARN the right and that means convincing their citizens that it's in their best interest - Which could work quite well for the average citizen. It will be a lot harder for any individual country to manipulate the economy, however, they should have only been doing that to influence savings vs consumption - thankfully bitcoin should do that automatically for them instead. 
Side Note: The blockchain future I'm imagining doesn't want Bitcoin for daily transactions. Don't get me wrong - I do think Bitcoin will be the largest cap coin. It's deflationary and will be the most widely trusted on the planet. I would buy a house or business or car with it. But people will always be exchanging small portions of Bitcoin for litecoin, bcash, monero, or verge when the exchange rate is good (and depending on their geographic location/lifestyle). This will be their weekly discretionary spending budget. 
If you have any specific thoughts, please let me know as I enjoying trying to figure out this mess. 
@_date: 2018-03-22 05:51:22
So many downvotes for our conversation yet no one is willing to post some constructive criticism... :(
@_date: 2018-03-24 03:11:14
Oh and the abundance thing? Your 2 story house in New Jersey will always cost more than a 1 acre plot of land in the middle of China. Medium of exchange will ALWAYS be required. Hopefully not nearly as much as what is required now, but still required. 
@_date: 2018-03-31 08:10:10
1gpb is incredible compared to Australia. Never mind 3rd world.. 