@_author: tackle70
@_date: 2014-12-17 14:34:07
This. The days of "good news = price spike // bad news = price crash" are long gone for the most part.
I believe that the only news that could directly increase BTC's value would be meaningful news about
1) solutions to bitcoin wallet security
2) solutions for making bitcoin easy for common people to purchase
3) significant new advantages consumers gain for buying with bitcoin instead of fiat
@_date: 2014-12-17 19:52:06
Partially; we do need reasons other than "I think I can eventually get rich by buying some Bitcoins right now and then sitting on them for a few weeks/months/years/decades".
However, even if there were lots of reasons to purchase bitcoins, it's still SUPER complicated for an average person to actually get them. Until it's literally as simple as going to your ATM to get cash out, bitcoins will be difficult if not impossible for average people to use. I'm not saying that BTC ATMs are definitely the answer to this problem, but it's currently too difficult for most people to buy bitcoins even if they want to.
@_date: 2014-12-24 19:56:10
IMO people evangelize bitcoin because they think they can make money (through value increase) if they can get more people to adopt it.
People unfamiliar with bitcoin think bitcoin is a pyramid scheme because so many of the early adopters spoke of it (perhaps unknowingly) as if it were a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2014-12-17 16:22:14
 Wallet security IS an issue and it MUST be improved if bitcoin is to grow beyond the technophiles among us. I thought this was common knowledge on here. People shouldn't have to find out wallet security is an issue AFTER having their funds stolen/lost/etc.
 You're basically just highlighting what I said needs to happen - people need to come up with a simple way to acquire bitcoin. A central authority is not needed for this. The logic *well it hasn't been done before therefore it must be impossible* is not valid.
 Price floor is an illusion. Your $100 USD may well be depreciate 90% in value a few months later as well. Central authorities do nothing but harm bitcoin because they work against all of its strengths. Again, I thought this was common knowledge on here?
@_date: 2014-12-17 15:59:58
You might be correct that news about wallet security not having a direct impact on prices now, but wallet security is a HUGE deal for the future of Bitcoin. Most people reading this subreddit probably have a decent idea of how to keep their bitcoins somewhat secure, but the people you want to adopt bitcoin (average consumers) don't. If Bitcoin is ever to be adopted by people other than the technological elite, simple solutions need to be developed for the problem of wallet security, and it would be really big news to see someone demonstrate *"hey here's how your technologically illiterate grandmother can buy $50K worth of BTC and never worry about it being stolen"*. I think news like that would have a direct positive impact on price.
I'm confused about your comment about "they won't happen"... not sure what "they" refers to. If you are referring to  and  not happening, then I'd just say you are far more pessimistic about the future and possibilities of bitcoin than I am. I don't see why a central authority would be needed to make bitcoin easy to purchase or have advantages for consumers over fiat.
@_date: 2014-12-17 16:02:18
I agree. Mt Gox was a temporary solution to the problem of acquiring bitcoins. While its collapse helpfully demonstrated that central exchanges cannot and should not be relied on, we haven't seen a good replacement developed yet such that people can essentially make easy impulse-buys of BTC.
@_date: 2014-12-17 16:43:18
Again, the logic *"it's not been done before therefore it's impossible"* is not valid.
Which threshold in value can I get the fed to buy back my USD? Because that idea is a joke. The fed depreciates the value of your money.
You seem to not understand the fundamental differences between bitcoin and fiat. Perhaps you would find more kindred spirits at @_date: 2014-12-17 17:05:36
Yeah you are right. Nobody ever invents anything ever that is new or couldn't have been done prior to their invention. It's never happened, and never will happen. In fact, innovation and invention are just a lie; they don't exist. People have been driving cars, talking on cell phones, going to the moon, sending email, and flying in airplanes since the beginning of time.
troll **confirmed**
@_date: 2014-12-17 16:25:25
Those two problems are the big ones I see, but more knowledgeable folks may see more. I think that the whole Mt Gox fiasco permanently damaged the viability of 3rd parties as an end solution to some of these things.