@_author: tacosforbreakfastt
@_date: 2014-07-25 09:02:10
but, healthy is subjective.
@_date: 2014-08-02 18:04:33
You're just doing it wrong. Trade on localbitcoin and you can even get more than the exchange rate. Doesn't have to take 4-5 days, literally takes about 20 minutes tops. Their (xapo) fees are ridiculous when you can just convert back to USD and spend. I know, I know, we want to spend the crypto, but this is not the answer. 
@_date: 2014-08-02 22:11:05
I disagree. It takes less than a minute to open a trade, definitely not a pain in the ass. But, people are lazy and prefer not to spend time doing things like this, even if it actually allows you to get more for your btc. Not to mention if there is a dedicated btc debit card, it will gain the community a lot of attention because of the ease of use; every day people can use a debit card, without even fully understanding how it works. The Xapo card is convenient, just not convenient enough to justify these fees from my perspective. 
@_date: 2014-07-26 05:51:08
That was a good read, thank you. However I can't help but think these type of ideas would all work in theory but not in practice. Especially on the topics like your price gouging argument Sure the way it is now makes it hard for new businesses to come in and provide an equal service for less price, but with the way you described I also see that the large conglomerates could band together and make it equally as difficult no matter how "efficient or innovative" the new means of production/service are; it would just be too difficult, unless the consumers realized their only option to end monopolization was to take a risk on a small start-up.
What I liked most was in your closing how you recognized the role government as played in the past, so many people who make your same argument fail to understand that up until modern times it's needed to be this way. Now, perhaps it doesn't need to be this way anymore, but for now the system is still working. Broken, corrupt, but working.
But hey, who knows. I don't see anything like this playing out anytime soon, greed will always win. I just don't think the majority will ever realize this is a true, viable option. Even if they did it would be agonizingly difficult to change things politically and economically. I guess it would take a significant amount of people with this same philosophy in positions of power, I dunno.