@_author: tacodeliverysystem
@_date: 2018-05-04 00:27:54
Charlie certainly has earned his crypto street cred (the hard way). But does that qualify him to make predictions about crypto market developments? What if, despite his expertise, he's made wrong predictions consistently? When commentators make these types of predictions they should stake their reputation on them - write them to a decentralized ledger, and build up a "proof of accuracy". This would help everyone else decide who its worth listening to when it comes to predictions. There are some interesting projects out there working on decentralized reputation ledgers, and I think this will really help clear out a lot of noise from less credible voices.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:31:51
**Small prediction:**
You hear this number tossed around of ~100k new investors who bought into bitcoin in the past week. Also with the "mainstreaming" of bitcoin there seems to be a (probably true) belief that a disproportionate share of these folks are non-technical, and invest without an existing belief in or understanding of crypto currency... or the potential and staying power of this type of asset. They're regular Joe's with FOMO. 
I'm one of them, I bought in last Wednesday. (btw I'm not completely ignorant, I've been exposed to bitcoin and cryptocurrency concepts for a few years but I haven't spent that time seeping in this culture... haven't had stake in it that would motivate researching deeper, playing catchup atm).
It takes 8-10 days for transactions to clear in coinbase. A lot of the newbies like me will have seen the wild fluctuation over the past few days and some will likely be turned off (its one thing to look at historical charts, but entirely different when your cash is on the line). I bet you'll see some of these folks who were curious, who joined out of fomo, exit the next time Bitcoin has a spike. 
I don't think that would trigger a 'bubble pop' or be a sign that bitcoin can't continue to go mainstream and gain market cap. **I just think some volatility that comes with weak hands entering the market in the past week is being delayed due to the 8-10 day transaction delays.**
Personally, my plan is to secure coins and forget they exist for 5 years and come up for air. 
Just my 2 satoshis.