@_author: tads7ads7ads676
@_date: 2019-07-17 01:01:46
Lol at the people that bought or said to buy the dip at 12k.
@_date: 2019-07-02 01:02:02
If it was just about how confident he was about his prediction, why do the bold claims about Bitcoin reaching $20k etc. almost never get down to downvoted? He clearly got downvoted because he made a bearish forecast.
@_date: 2019-07-02 10:06:51
\&gt;  Who knows? 
I do.
\&gt;  Do you really care? 
It was a rhetorical question, so I was not expecting an answer.
@_date: 2018-06-29 03:17:49
Except gold and silver have significant real world uses in jewellery, machinery, etc. Silver is not held for its price, so it is incomparable. See  Gold is held for its price but it is not that comparable to BTC overall. See  Central banks and other institutions demand is the comparable portion of gold to BTC, which is a minuscule portion. The investment portion is incomparable because people invest in gold with a different reason to why people invest in BTC. 
@_date: 2018-06-29 03:50:45
How does BTC's value depend on its scarcity?  
The cost of transaction is only small for individuals, and individuals do not matter. All that matters is whether big companies adopt BTC. We already have real world proof of BTC being inferior. See why Reddit discontinued the use of BTC: "For starters, bitcoin’s transaction fees shot up last year on the back of a burst in trading volumes. The fees became high enough to make the original cryptocurrency unsustainable for daily transactions. The user interface for bitcoin payments has also not improved much. Average transaction time using the cryptocurrency is long and unwieldy."  There is also the problem of volatility, which is why Steam discontinued BTC transactions. During the time it takes to buy the BTC and send it, the price fluctuates. If the value of BTC falls during that time, the person must send more BTC to cover the full value.  As seen, BTC's transaction fees are not low. Volatility also indirectly increases the cost.
Transactions are no where near minutes. It is more like an hour. This may even increase in the future. As BTC's value falls, miners quit as it profits fall. Less miners mean longer processing times.
In conclusion, there is already real world testing of BTC's utility. Bitcoin has been proven to be nonfunctional for big companies to use due to high transaction times, volatility, and high transaction fees.
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:36:53
Companies not making a profit is similar to Bitcoin not growing in usefulness. They invested in something that had false value.
For mining, they overvalued the mine because of inaccurate prospecting. This is similar to overvaluing BTC due to inaccurately believing it would be "the future currency".
Credit expansion was only a portion of the cause. "The bubble was characterized by rapid acceleration of asset prices and overheated economic activity, as well as an uncontrolled money supply and credit expansion. More specifically, over-confidence and speculation regarding asset and stock prices had been closely associated with excessive monetary easing policy at the time." The main cause of the bubble was the "overconfidence and speculation" and "rapid acceleration of asset prices", which is very similar to BTC.
@_date: 2018-06-29 22:40:40
 36% of the investors invest in BTC for a reason similar to gold, long-term store of value and speculation. I do not have a source but the reasoning behind the speculation of BTC’s value, as in why BTC will grow, is probably greatly different to gold, so I would not include all the percentage for speculation.