@_author: taerin
@_date: 2017-09-02 05:30:43
Please tell us all the last time you bought something with it.
@_date: 2017-07-14 19:41:21
Please tell me what good use there is for bitcoin besides being used to fund the massive underlying drug trade, and I guarantee you that fiat is already doing it better. BTC has been poised to plummet for quite some time and it will only take one event for the rug to get pulled out.
@_date: 2017-07-14 17:06:57
It's because no part of this exchange between OP and advisor ever happened. Just more of the same circle jerk shit that's been going through this sub for years. When the fork hits in a couple weeks and the price plummets they're all going to be saying this is good for bitcoin, and it's time to buy some "cheap coin." This entire thing is really just a ponzi scheme set up on top of an internet drug sales mechanism, and all the suckers paying for fractions of a coin are going to lose their dollars.
@_date: 2017-07-14 19:24:31
For sure there were millions of dollars to be made over the years but I stayed away because it's impossible to predict when the bottom is going to fall out. The only thing I'm convinced of is that the price will plummet, probably back to 2012-ish levels of about $100/coin, the reason being is because that felt about the right point where there was still speculation, although not as foolish as now, but it had a strong underlying darknet market that supported it for drug sales. I do believe BTC is around to stay, as the darknet markets have found this to be a pretty suitable payment system, and those markets will never go away. BTC has a utility, unfortunately for the speculators it isn't in anything legal.
I feel that if the average speculator took a few minutes to read about how it's almost exclusively used for drug sales, versus how few legitimate areas it's found a usefulness that isn't usurped by cash or credit, they would come to the same conclusion - the massive price rise we've seen is completely out of line with what BTC is used for and what it's capable of becoming, it's greatly overvalued, and a massive crash is inevitable.
What are your thoughts?
@_date: 2017-07-14 20:05:16
For the two uses you list, all I have to say about that is all it takes is the U.S. government banning money being moved into BTC, a la online poker style, and it instantly becomes worthless. The reasons you list are exactly why it's easy to fund terror groups and buy drugs online with BTC, and politicians framing it that way would be all it takes for the public to get on board. It's one possible scenario I see that could happen and it would be a nuclear event in the crypto world.
And again, although you don't list reasons why people would want those, the ability to do those things tends to skew a bit more in favor of illegal methods of moving money more than legitimate uses.
@_date: 2017-07-16 21:07:10
It's only utility is for drug transactions. Have you ever visited a darknet market thru tor?
@_date: 2013-12-16 16:43:04
Businesses are not accepting bitcoin, they are accepting fiat. You bitcoin bugs really have the wool pulled over your eyes if you think there is anything more to it than this. They give you a wallet address for their coinbase account, which then automatically converts and sends them cash. Businesses are not interested in bitcoins, they are interested in generating sales that give them fiat. All these businesses advertising that they are accepting bitcoins is nothing more than them jumping on the media attention bandwagon to increase sales.
Bitcoin is not a currency, and it never will be. You want to know why? See what happens if all ties to fiat are cut. No more cashing out from coinbase/mt gox and the like. Nobody will exchange bitcoins for anything. It's just a difficult and risky way to transfer something that can be exchanged for cash. The price has been propped up 10-30x recently by gamblers, not because it has become any more useful.
Get ready, because sweeping regulations banning the sale of bitcoins is probably coming in the US in 2014. Bitcoin was a viable way to support illicit trade via Tor, and congressmen were not interested in banning it because there was hardly any media attention. Questions are now being asked by those in power, and I predict coinbase and the like will be shut down, similar to how online poker was removed overnight for US players.
Go ahead and downvote, like anything bitcoin-negative happens in this sub. I'm not here to troll. This sub is more like being a spectator of an inevitable and predictable car crash. I can't help but watch.
@_date: 2018-12-25 20:22:15
*crickets*