@_author: taidg
@_date: 2017-07-28 15:54:50


If they attempted this, someone would immediately notice, it would be evident in the blockchain
@_date: 2017-07-19 15:45:53


Reading this bill it seems that it wouldn't apply to bitcoin in general, as it meets none of the necessary definitions (see below). Even if it did, you could still make premium payments with it, but the insurance company would need to convert the funds into USD and deposit them in a complying account. Which they should do anyway because having an insurance company holding large funds in bitcoin would be an unmitigated fucking disaster.


This is a misunderstanding, that text allows currency besides "Lawful Money" to be used, where lawful money is essentially money issued by the U.S. Treasury or federal reserve.  There is a distinction between legal and lawful. Lawful has the implication of being expressly authorized and legal simply means not illegal. Regardless, the phrase lawful money already has the above understood definition.


Thus bitcoin is not cash, nor lawful money, nor currency of a foreign government. Thus Section 1734 (the text in question) does not apply.
@_date: 2017-07-19 23:20:58
I've read your posts. I have come to understand that you don't understand the language of law at the most basic level and have no wish to learn. Hopefully my arguments are helpful to others who have read down this chain.
If at some point you wish to learn I'd suggest getting a law dictionary (e.g. Black's Law Dictionary) and looking up the term "lawful money". 
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:00:52


b) doing the same as the above through a non-bank service / organization
c) doing the same as above through a peer-to-peer system
This bill does not prevent any of these.


If you don't see the problems that would occur if a insurance company was holding funds in bitcoin last Sunday you should contemplate it more. The same issue applies to holding stocks (which is really what this bill is about). An insurance fund being under or overfunded depending on the day is not a good thing. Whether you agree doesn't really matter, since it's besides the point that this bill doesn't affect bitcoin.


"Existing law prohibits a corporation, flexible purpose corporation, association, or individual from issuing or putting in circulation, as money, anything but the lawful money of the United States. This bill would repeal that provision.
This has nothing to do with anything, it's completely unrelated, it does not stretch the meaning of lawful money to include bitcoin, it's a non sequitur.


It doesn't matter if bitcoin is money, this bill does not affect money, It affects lawful money, which includes Treasure notes and coins, dollar bills and such, but not bitcoins. I'm not twisting any words. I'm explaining to you the definition of words. This law only applies to fiduciary funds of specific types, none of which include bitcoin. This is how the law works.
In conclusion, FUD
@_date: 2017-07-19 17:46:29


This bill is only makes changes related to these three types of payments. Note that it does not disallow other types of payments, they are unaffected. These rules just don't apply to them. 
So which of these do you think includes bitcoin.
1. Cash
2. Lawful money of the United States
3. Currency of a foreign government