@_author: tajmobrah
@_date: 2018-02-16 07:09:05
I have never heard of Bitcoin Dark or Bitcoin Plus and I try stay current, way more than the average user who does not spend hours educating themselves. Maybe no one got confused until the BCash community started stating it is the real Bitcoin. Not to mention the happenings over at the Bitcoin commercial website.
The general population want crypto to be user friendly and secure. Give them an app with a QR scanner and an 'account' to link it to. That is it. The infighting and childish behaviour of crypto leaders make the older generations who still believe in trust and respect not want to invest in crypro further than just using it as a pump and dump. Now remember these are the people with money, where millennials' biggest asset is their minds and instead of trading this for old money they spend hours fighting each other over who the real 'crypto messiah' is.
Also it wouldn't have to be a one time thing if the name weren't purposely misleading but you know, a million 'one time' things is still a million.
@_date: 2018-02-15 05:44:08
BCash is used because the "Bitcoin" in Bitcoin Cash is misleading. How about Ver changes the name of his coin entirely.
@_date: 2018-04-07 20:40:40
If your reason for accepting crypto is to avoid paying VAT then don't be surprised when your government wants to push for crypto regulations. I think OP is trying to make it easier for the average business owner to get the required reports to fill the newly formed auditing gaps that come with accepting crypto and that's great.
@_date: 2018-04-07 22:11:14
My business has a proper infrastructure that leads to and around it, funded and maintained by the government. It is also protected by the police, fire department and I have access to state hospitals in case of medical emergencies. There is a labour department that protects my employees from unfair wages and treatment. In my country the electricity and water supply infrastructures are maintained by the government. I also get to enjoy waste removal in the forms of sewage and bin collections.
How do you propose the government gather funds for the above mentioned services?
I am aware that there are corruption in governments. I am aware that not all funds are spent wisely and that greed sometimes get the better of officials but that is the case in any business. I have access to my government's full budget as a citizen in a third world country, I am sure you can find the same where you're from. Paying taxes isn't fun, but nothing will be if your government ceases to exist.