@_author: takosam
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:23:00
Dear Newsweek, Dear Leah McGrath Goodman, 
*An award-winning journalist, Leah McGrath Goodman spent a decade in New York and London as an editor, senior writer and special correspondent*
Congratulations! You found and harassed a man with the clear aim to destroy his life by dropping them into an infinity numbers of problems! You seemed to be successful, what happened to you to stoop low like that?
The slur, "Article", could have been more respectful of your target's privacy. Where S.N lives exactly, seeing a picture of his house, knowing his kids names and where they work jobs/companies... No one gives a damn^(polite) importance^(polite++) and everyone would have been more impressed if you could have done your investigation with the dignity and the ethic of a real journalist. 
Leah, "Halloween Vampire" Trick and Treat! you knocked to everyones' door asking for candies and not satisfied, you  bite, looking for blood, mercy-less. Did you even thought once that you ll violate this Man privacy, can you imagine how rude and how irrespecutful that will be for someone who tried to keep his identity hidden to even see revealed even his family history to a large public? 
Were you legit to do it after spending 2 months, hiding behind a tree? Did it bring any useful information? Of course not, and you knew it. 
Bitcoin is trendy and you wanted to have your name attached to it, your wish became true. People will remember you as the worst. 
I hope that you contacted him before publishing this article and advising to S.N to cover his ass before the storm of crap(polite) he will have to deal with, because of you.
Of course, I don't say that it was bad to do this investigation, but you can add soe filter to your story, and in that case, I would have say "well done". I wanted to know How and Why he started Bitcoin, the private info and exchange/talks with Gavin could have been already way enough and keeping his identity secret would have put you in a small circle with a lot of admiration... 
Leah, Good luck cleaning your reputation, you were looking for fame, again, Congratulations!
