@_author: talk_less
@_date: 2013-12-20 21:44:14
You're right. Remember that thing called the Internet? Yeah, all those silly delusional geeks thinking it'll ever amount to anything... Haha! Obviously it was way too tedious and technical for it to be of use in the *real world*.
@_date: 2013-12-24 08:33:19


Bitcoin is the first of its kind, unless you know of any other decentralized, world wide, open source asset registers before Bitcoin? That is its major advantage and its major innovation: it does away with the problem of trust. No other "product" offers this (except altcoins of course).
If you admit this technology *might* have value, then you admit Bitcoin as a currency has value.


Alright, you're only looking at Bitcoin as "Internet funbux", so you probably have no idea what you're talking about. It's more than just another digital currency. Please read Satoshi's paper first before arguing: 


That's partly true, I can't tell the future. Still, given the history of computer technology, it seems very, very ignorant to state that the technology is useless because it's too complicated for the ordinary man to use.
The decentralized nature works actually as an advantage: everyone (well, everyone with some technical skills) now has the opportunity to build and innovate using this new technology and there's a huge incentive for doing so - even more so because Bitcoin as a currency is deflationary.
It's not "wishful thinking", it's simply understanding cryptocurrencies as a technology (rather than "Internet funbux"), understanding the problems with centralized fiat currencies, looking at past trends, and then some extrapolation.
@_date: 2013-12-21 08:21:38
I'll just go ahead and point out that Bitcoin is a completely transformative technology that introduces a fundamental change in the way people do a great many things to the point where the benefits over the previous way are both overwhelming and obvious.
It just takes a little bit of technical insight and vision to see what an innovation cryptocurrencies are, just as with the Internet back in the days. The argument that *for most people there is no benefit* is moot. Obviously the underlying network is superior to centralized systems, just as email is superior to snail mail. Problems of usability and volatility will likely be solved as time goes by, but as I said, that requires a bit of vision to realize this right now.