@_author: talkingbackagain
@_date: 2014-07-04 06:08:35
I like the imagery. Keep doing that, it adds to the entertainment level.
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:49:34
Cyprus is not the rest of civilisation.
Also, if the politicians take 10% off of people's money they deserve a guillotine haircut. They deserve no special consideration and Europe has done it before, it's a tried and tested method for keeping the oligarchy in check.
If you think frowning at them or writing letters will change their mind, I've got news for you.
When they see one of their number with tyres around their body and gas poured into them set alight so that they make a really good barbecue, that's going to focus their attention in one fucking hell of a hurry.
I am not here to be their clown. They work for me, I don't work for them.
@_date: 2014-07-04 22:32:16
We are already suffering their worldview. It's happening already. People have committed suicide over not being able to pay back their debt.
People have been foreclosed on who did not have a mortgage.
Banks have submitted foreclosure papers with boilerplate text in it.
Banks do this over and over and over and there is nothing you can do about it. Politicians make the people suffer who are already suffering.
We already tried the pleading, the begging and the asking nicely thing. I assure you: hang a few of those characters from a bridge on a piano wire and the conversation will take a drastic turn for the better.
Don't try to 'be better than them'. Be worse than them. Show them that you're worse than them and that you will go to the end of the earth to hang them from a light fixture in the street. Make them understand that the limit has been reached.
When Occupy Wall Street was going on the police force was protecting the banks' headquarters. That is who the important people are, those are the people who get protection, not the people who get fucked over by design.
Really, a few bankers, not a lot of them, just a few. A therapeutic hanging here and there, the proper message and an open invitation to the politicians who support them that there is plenty of piano wire and light fixtures left.
@_date: 2014-07-04 18:45:42


You don't want to have to set that example. Sometimes you have to. Sometimes you have to draw the line and show just how far was too much.
Not for the guy who bought the farm, but for the ones who come after him, so that when they get all their fancy little ideas in their head they are reminded of this very unfortunate instance where the morlocs rose from the caves.
Using something like Bitcoin is not the way to do it. They'll just find a smart way to deal with that, they'll find something.
Images of one of their number hanging from a piano wire in the street, those are forever. Moreover, you can always send those pictures to the next guy who has some really smart ideas. "We have ways of dealing with this."
The powers that be have no compunction against killing people when it suits them. Neither should we.
@_date: 2014-07-04 06:21:16
The problem is that you believe that you can do fuck all about it.
That's the whole ball game. You -can- do something about it, but you have to make it graphic and state the reason for why.
I'm laughing my head off when I read the stories about veterans treated poorly and having to wait years for treatment. Some of them must be really good snipers. I simply cannot fathom why they don't use their skills to solve their problem.
@_date: 2014-07-04 16:14:10
No. Rational people don't choose to lose 10% of their savings. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 22:05:31
This is not going to happen.


If they take 10% of people's pensions they are not so much  going to live comfortable as politicians so much as they are going to experience the novelty idea of having their balls / uterus [as the case may be] yanked out through their asshole.
They may think this is a good idea, if they ever get it into their head to implement it, that's the ball game. You get revolution in 24 hours and anyone who signed off on it is going to be happy they got out with their lives because the backlash will be very ugly.
Just do what should have been done years ago: shoot the investment bankers through the back of their heads so that their teeth blow out of their face and forbid fractional reserve banking, which is the real reason all this misery exists.
@_date: 2014-07-03 23:51:37
Americans are sheep.
Give them their guns, let them yell Constitution a few times and they'll go home happy and watch the ball game.
The way crises work is that you have a very long, quiet build up in which nothing seems to be changing. Then, it always happens, there's trigger. When the trigger is pulled we're off to the races.
@_date: 2014-07-05 03:41:11
No. You can't run away all the time, sometimes you have to burn them.