@_author: tallcheddar
@_date: 2017-12-01 20:44:35
Agreed, but I do know M2 is being closely monitored by central banks? Yes M1 is important, but an increase in M2 could more likely be a sign for inflation in the near future.
Maybe I'm telling it in a weird way, but pretty sure we mean the same thing.
Edit: If you think we disagree, you're probably right.  
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:48:58
Okay, look. QE is a new way of printing money to buy assets and in doing so increasing the money supply (m2). They can sell these assets at any time. By selling it they decrease the amount of money in circulation. Is that the only way? no. The normal ways are trough having banking deposits and lending facilities for commercial banks for which they set the interest rates . Besides that they use "open-market-transactions"; that's a way to control m2 in the short term by selling and buying "repurchasing agreements" or "repo's". I just wanted to keep it sort of simple, while not messing with the principles. 
@_date: 2017-12-02 09:59:16
Lol, buy a gun and buy a little farm in the hills.
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:54:27
Okay I'm a bit late to the party and I might break the cirkeljerk, but I think we should pay attention to a few things. Also, I think cryptocurrencies are quite interesting, especially because of their limited supply.
1. So this graph talks about the money supply in terms of M1, while M2 is way more important for predicting inflation, because that is the actual money we use (this includes money created by commercial banks). See descriptions below. M1 is the stock of paper money that's in public hands. M2 = M1 + money created by commercial banks.
2. While growth in M1 and M2 are big and increasing, there is no inflation yet. But if inflation starts to increase the central bank could decrease the money supply by selling of the assets they bought. This way they decrease the money supply in the hope to limit inflation. 
MB: is referred to as the monetary base or total currency.[8] This is the base from which other forms of money (like checking deposits, listed below) are created and is traditionally the most liquid measure of the money supply.[12]
M1: Bank reserves are not included in M1.
M2: Represents M1 and "close substitutes" for M1.[13] M2 is a broader classification of money than M1. M2 is a key economic indicator used to forecast inflation.[14]
M3: M2 plus large and long-term deposits. Since 2006, M3 is no longer published by the US central bank.[15] However, there are still estimates produced by various private institutions.
Edit: errors
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:05:00


I read your entire comment. But you start with an statement that doesn't have to be true, it does not have to increase m2. I could simple lend money to the government without new money being created (&gt;2 year is not even M3). There are more mistakes in there. I'd like to discuss everything, but first you have some studying to do, sir. 
@_date: 2017-12-01 17:41:16
Since this attracted quite some attention, I'll try to react to all serious comments. 
I think central bankers understand this dilemma very well and they have yet to find a solution. I think an article I read a couple of years ago summed it up pretty well:
"But this policy of intervening when markets wobble, dating all the way back to the 1980s, has a steadily higher price. Over time, rates get lower and lower and valuations tend higher. Debtors get used to ultra-low interest rates and keep borrowing (that's the point of the policy, after all). But this means that the potential cost of a reversion to "normal" levels of interest rates gets even greater; imagine what would happen to homeowners if mortgage rates were 6-7%. What would happen to confidence if the Shiller p/e fell from its current 25.6 to the historic average of 16.7? 
Central banks don't want that to happen and investors know that central banks don't want it to happen. So the two are locked together like a barman and his most profitable customer, endlessly pouring one more drink to fend off the hangover and trying to forget about the cirrhosis that might set in. This is not a new problem, of course; your blogger was worrying about it six years ago. But we don't seem to be any nearer solving it."
@_date: 2017-12-01 18:00:49
I agree with you that QE and the way the central banks function is mostly beneficial to the rich. I know there is some discussing about how to measure inflation, but I do not believe government are trying to cheat us that way; there are different ways of measuring inflation and they all have advantages and disadvantages.
Also, If you talk about higher healthcare costs (at least in my country) and low interest rates, there are other factors in play beside central banking: too much saving in the world and too little investment/consumption. In the west we have the babyboom-generation with their huge savings. In China people save around half of their income. Babyboomers make more use of healthcare too. People get older and want better healthcare (lifelong treatment of cancer for example). 
