@_author: talyah0116
@_date: 2018-08-04 10:05:00
I think the trend seems to be people hyping up some coin and then everyone starts buying it, then something happens and people start running back to Bitcoin. How much of this is manipulation of the markets, will probably never be known. Bitcoin is to Crypto currency, like Gold is for other commodities... a safe heaven against the storm.  :D ...The Mommy to run to, when you get hurt.  :D ... The Mother of All Crypto currencies.  :D
@_date: 2018-08-04 09:34:03
Good point, but you might as well become wealthy in the process. I for one would like to drop from the rat race and be able to dedicate my time into things that I want to do, rather to do things im forced to do to meet the bills at the end of the month. It fucking sucks. We should be rich from seeing the value in Bitcoin way earlier than the average person, at least in the next 10 years, we are ahead of the curve. 99% of people out there (that has heard of Bitcoin), have either dismissed it or has sold it already and see it as a trend. Nobody puts the hours of research that we do, and we should be paid by history eventually, hopefully like I said, in the next 10 years we are really well off. Being poor or average sucks, you need enough to not have to work, as a minimum, in order to enjoy life, and by enjoying life I don't necessarily mean lying in the sun being lazy 24/7, but spending time into subjects of your interest at any time, and I hope Bitcoin allows me to do that as it grows in price.
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:47:05
 Bitcoin days destroyed is another way to measure bitcoin trading volume, in a more significant way.  
This idea was created because 1 bitcoin could be sent thousand times a day, to create a false high volume.  
The idea behind Bitcoin days destroyed is to consider in the trading volume equation the number of days each bitcoin has not moved from that address.  
So if you have 1 bitcoin that has not moved in the last 100 days, when it move to another address it would have the same weight in the volume as 100 bitcoin that were transferred yesterday.  
This equation would give a more precise value for bitcoin volume and economic activity as it cannot be manipulated by whales. 
@_date: 2018-06-25 16:48:11
thank you :D
@_date: 2018-06-24 17:31:56
 I actually did this kind of backwards. I had to   
write all the code before I could convince myself that I could solve every   
problem, then I wrote the paper. I think I will be able to release the code   
sooner than I could write a detailed spec. ***Satoshi***
@_date: 2018-06-23 17:00:06
 The bitcoin mempool is where unconfirmed transactions are stored.  
It's a set of all the transactions that have been broadcast but have not yet been added to a block by a miner.  
Every node has its own transaction relay policy so there is no definite mempool, but different mempools for different nodes. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 16:44:32
 Not many users will be aware of stealth address unless they have completely read everything about bitcoin or they have used Monero or other cryptonote coins. As I have used Monero once, I knew how a stealth address works. Let me try to explain this in simple terms.  
A stealth address is a type of bitcoin address which is generated by the receiver to receive his funds anonymously. A stealth address generated is used to have a transaction only between the sender and the receiver where the sender cannot view the earlier transactions which were made to the address. A stealth address can be used only once and only for one transaction. The sender sends the coins to the stealth address in the sense that it can only be derived by the receiver using his private keys. Monero uses stealth address technology for its transactions. Basically a stealth address works on the mechanism of Elliptic-Curve Diffie-Hellman algorithm.  
How does a stealth address work?  
For instance, let us consider Bob is the receiver of bitcoin and Alice is the sender. Bob has a private key (X) and a public key (Y) and Alice has a private key (A) and a public key (B). The public key of both sender and receiver are known to each other.  
Now, Bob creates a secret channel say C, where   
C= X\*B (privkey of Bob \* pubkey of Alice)  
and Alice creates a secret channel similar to Bob, where   
C= A\*Y (privkey of Alice \* pubkey of Bob)  
When Alice pays the funds she hashes the secret channel C and then adds pubkey of Bob and creates a public key or address D where  
D= Y + H(C)  
This pubkey which is used by Alice to pay the bitcoin is called as Stealth Address. Bob can spend the coins by the private keys he has and also Bob's wallet need to check the OP\_RETURN (B) quite often in order to discover the right address and its balances.   
Stealth address are very rarely used by Bitcoin network or people due to the disadvantages associated with it. A stealth address can be generated using Dark Wallet. 