@_author: tankoflank
@_date: 2014-05-12 14:51:41
I'll take a shot at it. Lets say the Fed "created" absolutely no money during this recession. What would the result be? Well, massive deflation. Assuming zero creation or destruction of money, we saw a sharp decrease in the velocity of money during the recession. [This]( FRED graph shows just how sharply the velocity decreased during the recession. Why is this happening? People are afraid to loan out money due to such a high default rate during the crises, as everyone was experiencing massive decreases in wealth. Also, institutions were pulling large quantities of money out of equity and riskier bond markets to shore up their losses. 
Ok, so the velocity of money of decreases, and in our world there is no money creation or destruction, so we experience deflation. Just how severe this deflation is, I honestly couldn't venture a guess. But let's think through the ramifications of this. At first glance you would think this would be good, you're dollar is increasing in purchasing power. While on an individual level this could be great, you need to think about this on a macro level. Let's assume a modest 1% deflation as mentioned somewhere above of a desired 0% inflation with a +/- %1. Then what your $100 dollars buys today you can buy with $99 next year. Ok, so simply by holding dollars you can earn 1% interest. That's a hell of a lot better than you can do with any short term liquid investments, particularly that of money markets. This is also a sure fire return in a time when everything seemed to be losing value. So the only natural reaction is money markets run dry (especially as they've already broken the buck in the beginning of the recession) and now corporations and financial institutions have even fewer places to turn to for liquidity. In a time of a credit crunch, this is devastating.
But again, who is this benefiting besides banks and corporations? Since holding money is much more attractive than supplying a short term liquid loans (considered normally to be the safest investment) the velocity of money is forced down even further. Now inflation continues downward, maybe even to 2%. In the absence of money or debt creation this process can continue, and spiral out of control [a la Japan]( With this deflation comes downward pressure on [GDP]( which effects us all with the negative macroeconomic impact. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:10:51
By what ponzi scheme are you referring? Fractional reserve banking? The entirety of the modernized world operates by currency backed by "nothing" but the full faith of the existence of the country. I would also point that there exists absolutely no evidence to support the claim that the US is no longer a safe investment. With the exception of the mind numbingly irresponsible actions by congress in threatening a default, the interest rates for US Treasuries has remained stable and the lowest in the world, signaling a perceived minimal to no risk premium, not a perceived ponzi scheme
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:48:38
There may be a very small percentage of people that trade for that reason, but due to the rapid appreciation I would argue that people see it more as a speculative commodity with the value of being an alternative currency. The data, however, simply doesn't exist to prove or disprove the claim so it isn't really worth debating
@_date: 2013-11-22 15:00:43
I assume you mean through inflation?  The numerical value of the USD isn't what is important,  rather the purchasing power which has remained relatively constant. While the USD dollar has inflated over the past year,  so has the rest of the world's currency. Deflation is a dangerous,  dangerous event as evident by Japan in the 90's. A steady rate of inflation around 2% is a desirable thing. I don't forsee any issues with the USD but I think we'll just have to agree to disagree
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:32:23
What do you mean? The safety and stability of the USD has nothing to do with individuals seeking higher returns on investment assets
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:37:54
Not an equivalent statement. There are plenty of assets that a great deal of people hold that naturally depreciate. Cars and computers come to mind. The difference is that ALL goods and services are depreciating in value. Why by a house today when you can buy a nicer one tomorrow? 
@_date: 2013-11-22 13:58:08
This article has substantial bias, sensationalism, and ignorance. The halt of USD purchases by the PBOC is sensible and was easily predicted after the announcement that the Chinese wanted to move the Yuan to a true floating exchange rate. [See this Bloomberg article](
The halt in purchasing USD is essential in allowing the natural appreciation of the Yuan, as by stockpiling such a high volume of USD they flood the currency markets with their own Yuan in exchange for dollars. This tactic was crucial in their export based economy in order to keep the cost of exports low for their major import partners, i.e. the US. This decision to move towards a floating exchange rate comes amid the PBOC desire to have the Yuan play a larger role in the global economy and also to combat increasing inflation, particularly amongst food prices. [See this Reuters article](
The assertion that this cease in USD purchases will result in a similar stop to US debt purchases is speculative at best.  As long as the Chinese are looking to place their money in safe investments, the US is the place where they will do it. Despite the recent political issues, the US is still, by far, the safest investment. This in no way signals a collapse in the USD, but rather an attempt by the PBOC to have the Yuan become a bigger player in exchange markets and the global economy as a whole. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 14:28:10
Chinas halt in purchasing USD is a function of two interests. The first is their satisfaction of current levels of USD holdings. The PBOC has determined that their levels of USD are satisfactory in dealing with any potential future currency crises. Second, the halt of USD purchases is essential in allowing the Yuan to appreciate. Again, I'd point you to the Bloomberg article in my original post. Neither of these reasons signal that China views the US as a risky investment. On the contrary, [this pdf]( is wonderful in explaining a great deal of things, including possible scenarios such as the halt of US treasury purchases. I would point out page 12 which shows China has increased their holdings in US Treasury securities by $122.8 Billion through June 2013 (annualized). This hardly shows any perceived risk by the PBOC but rather the contrary, that the US remains an incredibly safe investment.