@_author: tanuki_fu
@_date: 2015-06-01 22:17:41
In the early days it would have been easier to make substantial changes that have political implications because there wasn't really much to lose -&gt; not the case now...
It would indeed be nice to have solid technical proposals to compare but I suspect that will not happen (much more likely a variant will just be deployed and socio-political muckery used to shift the mindset).  
While the potential for a distributed fair consensus about the protocol is in place -&gt; it's running in a world of people and there will always be those that want advantages over others  -&gt; so there will be politics and it's so so much easier to use propaganda and trickery to get others to sleep in the wet spot.
I wouldn't assume that the people behind proposals to change the protocol want mass adoption in a 'fair' way...
As a side note: I can not view transaction backlog as 'real' until the yield from the fees for transactions included in a block exceed the block reward itself -&gt; once that happens consistently then increasing the block size is likely safe.  Right now miners are still being paid far more than needed for the actual utility and it's all about betting on the future value... seems silly for most people to take political sides (it feels like many just want to elect a king to rule - silly rabbbits).
@_date: 2015-06-16 15:24:41
a 'strategic behavior' that would likely be very very profitable... :)
@_date: 2015-06-16 20:44:09
Nice to see you doing this...
Please tip a charity.
Keep making the world better by example -&gt; you are a good egg.
@_date: 2015-06-10 11:23:20
Eh, it probably has more to do with the reduction in the potential for 'profitable' mining on a small scale -&gt; there really isn't a reason for most people to run full nodes if they aren't mining with local hardware or running small pools (especially if there are alternative wallets that provide the functionality users want).
Just people making rational choices -&gt; unlikely to be directly related to the blocksize or number of utxos right now.
If there is a compelling reason for more people to run a full node then I would expect to see that count go up rather quickly.  It's not hard, it's not that taxing on hardware or bandwidth once it's running and easy to tweak to fit into the resources one wants to allocate for it -&gt; just not really useful for most people right now.
Perhaps the economics of this implementation won't drive centralization in the future...   heh
@_date: 2014-04-14 13:22:53
It didn't start out that way...
Part of the problem is that when you build a distributed system people with skills in any given area can use it.  If there is a balance of many different interests then it tends to lead to a healthy stable ecosystem.
Unfortunately, there are a quite a few people that have skills in separating people from their money that are using the system right now in a way that's damaging the perception of what can be achieved with cryptocurrencies.  The same people that play btc against alts can make just as much (if not more) money by playing fiat against btc.  
In the big picture having a subset of people doing this isn't a problem, but right now those approaches dominate everything else that could be done with BTC and that's why they have a dominant effect on the way new people (your friends) view all cryptocurrencies.  
From an outside point of view it is completely understandable that someone would view as as a pump and dump scheme because there are insufficient competing uses to balance that perception.
@_date: 2014-06-15 15:09:55
Yup, you don't know if this would make things better or catastrophically worse.  I wonder who is going to do a formal analysis (assuming you could get the right people to actually tell you about a weakness)  It will be interesting/entertaining to see what happens if this idea is attempted...
@_date: 2014-04-12 14:26:35
Exactly!  
Finding the balance of having fun and being serious is when life is most worth living.
@_date: 2014-05-13 20:57:36
For me I think I would have to say that my favorite thing about bitcoin is that it has survived.  
I'm not talking about survival against some external force but rather that I have watched it go through several cycles where one group became relatively powerful in defining the appearance of what bitcoin is to the outside world.  
When that happens with most things it leads to fragmentation and usually results in the destruction of a group; however, because there really is no absolute authority that can be toppled or overthrown or suppressed -&gt; bitcoin itself has endured.
I suspect that in the future the popular beliefs of what the most important things about bitcoin are will fade and be replaced by whatever the people of that current time find it to be useful for -&gt; that's a great thing.
Bitcoin itself is resistant to being defined by any particular group in a way that few things other than language has achieved -&gt; and just like it's nearly impossible to kill a language that people want to use, it will be hard to kill the essence of what bitcoin really is...
@_date: 2014-06-13 17:06:03
The problem isn't the Devs or the protocol -&gt; one company made a product/service that the economic majority finds more appealing than the other options available.
If people really don't want this company to be as large then those people need to build something to compete with it for the interest of the economic majority.
Why all the hate for the people that made something successful?  Rewarding mining is really only needed to rollout -&gt; building a successful business is what makes it sustainable.
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:20:18
What good is life without drama...
But seriously, drama strikes at the things we all hold to be important, if there is a lot of drama somewhere it's usually because people are trying to accomplish something (sometimes it's messy).
I'm giving my forth bitcoin changetip (if I don't screw it up...) I don't really know how much I have so it's a small amount.
10 bits
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:10:09
I agree.
Sometimes it's not even a 'serious' need people have -&gt; life is boring if everything is always serious (but we absolutely need to have a serious coin for some purposes).
I am also very interested in some of the other attempts to add services that are hard to attach to an established coin -&gt; the concept of using sidechains may be useful in some cases - but not all.
I will support everything that allows driven individuals to 'scratch that itch' to try and make the world better -&gt; diversity is very important for the ecosystem of cryptocoins to survive.
@_date: 2014-06-13 18:18:53
Yup, it's a lot more complex than that...
The key is to look at why it's got the attention of people driven to make a profit now (I don't think it's the hashrate...) -&gt; going to be a lot of unhappy people when the music stops and a lot of people realize they made some bad decisions.  (the market for mining contracts isn't that different than high yield low quality derivatives that were insanely profitable early -&gt; not so good for the people that held them later though)
It will all take care of itself, same types of people with the same methods just moved into a different field... it's neither a good nor a bad thing really -&gt; but yeah people that like shiny things and dream of getting rich quick are easy to trick.  It will end up with the same types of people at the top, more experience and more capital always wins when the general population gets greedy.
@_date: 2014-12-15 22:12:03
That is a wonderfully succinct and clear analogy... well done.
@_date: 2014-04-12 14:40:46
:) 
@_date: 2014-04-29 11:43:17
Bitcoin removes restrictions on how you can spend your money.
Innovation is possible because the software is open.
Together the community forms the infrastructure.
Control is yours, make as many accounts as you want.
Open records of transactions stop cheating.
Inflation can’t happen with limited available coins.
No transactions can be reversed.
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:13:58
I'm giving my first bitcoin changetip (if I don't screw it up...)
10 bits
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:18:07
I like seeing things like this -&gt; lets you do something you wanted to better/easier/faster... 
I'm giving my third bitcoin changetip (if I don't screw it up...) I don't really know how much I have so it's a small amount. 
10 bits
@_date: 2014-12-15 18:40:05
Well, it's actually a good question...
I tend to think that the reason we have the emergence of different coins is largely for the same reason that bitcoin was brought into existence -&gt; the needs of the people were not being met by what was currently available to them.
Now that doesn't mean the unmet needs couldn't be met in the future with what existed -&gt; but they weren't met at the time...  and whether a particular purpose/coin resonates with few or many -&gt; as long as it satisfies the users it will exist.
In the big picture, I would rather have people that take the initiative to get off their ass and try to shape the world as they see fit than to try to make everyone wait and act as a group and stand together in unity behind one system.
Alts are a messy thing... but heck btc is a messy thing from a different perspective as well.  There will likely never be one system/coin that can provide everyone what they personally want in the world -&gt; and that's not so bad because if they share sufficient commonality that they can be exchanged as needed then we get closer to letting each person choose the path/tools that matches their needs.
@_date: 2014-06-15 19:32:00
Hey, I give you credit for putting the idea out there (hard to do in this environment).  
Implementing the tree chain approach in the wild without parallel solutions that can be leveraged for the benefit of a subset of the population is a hard problem -&gt; if you can find an implementation where it isn't cost effective though it would be a nice accomplishment.  
It's not impossible to accomplish (a practically useful solution), but trying to alter the scaling of complexity here without inadvertent parallel algorithms is very hard -&gt; you just need to make certain you choose one at the optimal range rather than the middle or the higher range of the field of solutions (a task that is not easy for this class of problems).
That said, it you did indeed find an optimal solution for this class of problems it would almost be 'the best thing since sliced bread' (for use in a different field though).
I'll probably play around with it when it's coded out for kicks.
@_date: 2015-05-09 12:04:02
Ah, well that would be one approach... the core thing to consider is that miners have no actual need to store all (or any) of the utxos.
Having a rapid way to determine whether you are trying to mine a new block on a valid chain -and/or- incorporating tx fees into the yield when a block is found are the 2 big examples of why a miner may want to keep as many utxos accessible as possible...
But, a miner could very well achieve success with absolutely no utxos stored locally or tx added to a found block or maybe just skipping the validation completely and assuming other miners will cover the slack (and yes this happens).  
However no matter what chaos would happen if a lot of miners didn't store all the utxos or add transactions to blocks -&gt; it is likely an economic solution appear where some nodes/miners offer to get your tx added to a found block on a validated chain (a fee of course - funny of course since it's already there...).  
Right now the resource costs are low enough that there isn't a reason for most miners to not pay attention to all the potential inputs -&gt; if it becomes too costly then more will not... but it doesn't really matter (remember you as an individual shouldn't have to trust any miner or other actor in the system at all).
The only thing that matters at all is that every single user has the ABILITY to audit the blockchain for validity and to reject chains with wonky blocks...  the functionality of the system might get pushed at times, but it won't break and the relative costs in resources will tend to move towards balance with the fees and the overall value (keep in mind that mining profitability ought to always tend towards 0 and if trends above or below that for too long don't be surprised to see that change).
@_date: 2014-04-28 16:58:01
Hrmm, I think it's only a matter of exposure.
If people see changetip more often they will associate it with something familiar (and assuming in the context of the location: bitcoin when it appears here).
New people will usually look around before asking a question and if they see members using changetip a few times it will make perfect sense.
Yeah something like bitcointipbot or dogetipbot or whatever makes a more direct statement about identity, but it's the usage (exposure frequency) that matters for branding.
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:42:43
Nice to see a rational voice about this...
I think that until a wider proportion of the userbase gains a better understanding of the big picture we will continue to see lots of drama get pumped since "People are losing their minds over nothing" means fertile ground for other people to make an easy profit.
@_date: 2014-11-08 04:27:35
Short survey, these are always good to do.
@_date: 2015-05-07 23:09:13
Heh... yup you can model these things in silico to a point, but some stuff only shows up at in a real world test.  I humbly suggest that should should one endeavor to undertake these types of trials that perhaps it would be prudent to pay attention to the differences in state across the nodes...  for this is the space in which the tricksey problems reside -&gt; is indeed possible to push these types of systems into metastable stable behavior (multiple valid chains that oscillate in and out of the consensus at any given moment - not the normal microforks at the front of the chain, much bigger ones).  
The crux is that normally the components that control the spatial domain in play (parts of the state of the system not the blockchain itself) have trivial effects compared to the PoW alg... (although in PoS implementations that's not the case) under some circumstances their role becomes significant in traditional PoW (latency, bandwidth, internal node function times, restricted connectivity, etc... but the limits where they become important are poorly understood).  
Now whether it can be modeled in a small private network (or any net with different topology than the 'real' network) is arguable -&gt; perhaps -or- perhaps not... 
There are interesting things to learn though (I doubt blocksize itself will cause the problems directly though -&gt; more likely it will amplify the weaker effects of the state components - worst case more confirmations would be needed to be 'really' certain that that the concensus won't change over time - maybe need to adjust the depth the the nodes prefer to look back to reorg the blockchain to avoid forkgasms or metastability).
@_date: 2015-05-12 16:57:05
It wasn't right that the train master was harassed for the amusement of others -&gt; that was worth addressing.
The agenda forced political debates about parameters -&gt; perhaps those are best left unanswered. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 15:46:40
The threshold before metastability appears on the network is variable (depends on the actual network functional capacity at a given point in time) -&gt; limiting the rate of blocksize growth based on a proportional increase over the current proven capacity (last xxx blocks) is safer and would allow a reduction of maximum blocksize if things change (a dampener of sorts)...  go too far and cross the second threshold (which can happen if you set the max blocksize by height or something unrelated to the actual performance) and there is no longer a tendency for this type of distributed system to collapse on only one longest chain... (aside from the other issues it creates, that's particularly bad).
There isn't anything inherently wrong with increasing the blocksize, but it is much safer to increase the transactions per second off the main chain.  If you want to increase the size it would be wise to put in place a mechanism to limit the rate of increase and to return it to a sane number (1MB now) when it's not-needed.  I am not comfortable explaining why in more detail here -&gt; but I would have felt bad not to try to get people to think about the implications... good luck
@_date: 2014-06-13 10:56:24
"It seems we have a serious problem with knowledge transmission in the miner community. "  &lt;- yup, but the same applies to other parts of the ecosystem as well.  
The number of people that actually understand how things work doesn't seem to have changed much over the last 5 years.  More people seem to look for leaders to tell them what matters and what to believe rather than putting in the effort to study and thinking for themselves -&gt; for better or worse it's different.  I'm not certain if it's because of people withholding information to be more competitive or the nature of what draws new people in... 
@_date: 2014-05-13 23:16:34
Cool - life is like that.  When you find something that makes you look at the world a little differently then it makes life worthwhile.
I'm giving my second bitcoin changetip (if I don't screw it up...)  I don't really know how much I have so it's a small amount.  Hope the future gives you many opportunities to grow and learn more.
10 bits
@_date: 2015-01-31 02:01:59
Or course but -&gt; without hash what will become of the tooth fairy?
It could be a good year for dentists if she starts mining healthy teeth again...
@_date: 2015-01-28 00:35:18
v0.01 ALPHA is what you want I think...
@_date: 2015-01-21 00:55:58
You are correct that it may be in the interests of many to saturate blocks.
It's more important to scale down the maximum blocksize when the transaction rate drops...  (either because there are fewer generated or the stable network capacity has decreased)  With the current 1MB max and the current network you don't typically see the danger of having unused space available -&gt; arbitrarily increase that beyond what the network can carry safely (again -&gt; not just bandwidth and latency) and you will end up with unexpected problems that emerge at the system level.  It is safer to have the valid future blocksize based on what the current network is capable of handling safely and giving it an opportunity to increase only so much until it has proven that it can handle that load.
These are not in the class of problems you can fix with soft policy rules... and they aren't obvious looking at the hard policy/protocol implementation -&gt; they only emerge at the system level.
BTC has not seen this class of problems before because the parameters are well below the limits of what the network can safely carry... 
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:24:58
Ok, my honest answer is that it doesn't matter whether I would receive $100 worth of BTC or $100 worth of Doge -&gt; because the very first thing I would do is convert part of what I was given into the one I was not...
@_date: 2015-01-15 16:51:29
I understand your point of view, but telling people their choices are wrong or using words like 'noob' probably isn't the right way of trying to extend the Bitcoin network or the community globally...
There are many reasons not everyone wants to be a part of 'one big unified' community -&gt; it's not a bad thing, it doesn't take anything away from Bitcoin to have other coins, it doesn't take anything away from individuals to play around with other coins, it doesn't hurt the potential in the future for advancement.
If there is one thing that has hurt BTC more than anything else, it has probably been the politics and the people that try to define it by what it is not (not fiat... not alts...) -&gt; excluding as many people as possible won't kill BTC, but don't expect them to come running back in the future or think they won't be productive on other terrain.
If y'all would have been a bit more accepting and a bit nicer then you probably would be in the position you are today...  for many it's not comfortable to be associated with BTC anymore (and for the most part there isn't a reason to use BTC over another coin) -&gt; perhaps one day the outward face of BTC will change and attract new users, but right now the behavior of the BTC community is it's own worst enemy (not governments or regulators or thieves or altcoins...)
I like BTC for it's utility sometimes...  
@_date: 2015-01-15 22:46:11
Seriously, there is no reason to buy BTC unless you have a specific purpose in mind, something that you either need or want it for now.
Perhaps you want to 'invest' hoping that the price goes up... that's cool.  
Maybe you want to play around with it and get a feel for how it would be used... that's also cool.  
It could also be that you want to buy something that's only available for BTC and not the other currencies you have... that's very cool.
Perhaps you want to dabble with exchanges - learn by doing how the markets work (it can be fun and entertaining)... that's not a bad reason to buy some BTC.
Maybe you want to send coins to someone far away in another country and the traditional systems have too many fees - or you want to make fun bets with you friends about sports or current events and they have these kinds of coins... can be pretty useful to have some in those situations.
Maybe you just want to some (like a collectable)... yup, that's also a valid reason.
There are probably as many reasons to buy coins as there are people... but the only thing that matters is what you want to do.
The thing is, cryptocoins are (right now) pretty much just a toy/amusement/plaything for most of us that have some disposable income.  There is tremendous potential for learning and scratching that itch to develop something interesting or to follow certain passions (for some it's getting magically rich)... but when it comes to whether you ought to buy some -&gt; well, that's only something you can answer yourself.
There will probably be lots of ups and downs in the field of cryptocoins -&gt; the rollercoaster is a lot of fun for many of us... but it's a very high risk field with a lot of hyper-competitive people (and many different overlapping goals) so it's not for everyone.
Maybe someday there will indeed be a compelling reason that appeals to a very broad audience and it will seem like the right thing for most to buy BTC...  but we aren't there yet.
If you do decide to buy some coins - please don't spend any more than what you are comfortable losing -&gt; treat it like entertainment or have a particular short term goal in mind.  Maybe it will click with you and you become more involved, maybe it's something you don't... whatever you do, act in such a way that you have no regrets about the decision in the future.
@_date: 2015-01-21 03:02:40
I thought they understood more...  (silly rabbbit I am)
I decided to spend a few words to try to warn people at least to think -&gt; I won't play the politics here.  If you want to try though -&gt; good luck and have fun.
There are far better solutions to increasing the transaction rate.
The only thing that would be worse is for someone to try to make scripts turing complete...  (now I'm probably going to see someone propose that again)  
@_date: 2015-01-21 00:00:09
Yup, I absolutely agree with the approach of displacing the transition date far enough into the future that at least one (or perhaps two) expected update periods occur before a potential change in the maximum blocksize -&gt; 1 year is probably sufficient but 2 would be safer.
Rather than hard limits on the maximum blocksize (staggered or linked to a particular height) it would almost certainly be safer to allow adaptive adjustments only in terms of the previous chain blocksizes -&gt; and yes I think it would be safer to have the maximum blocksize decrease again if the network transaction load decreases.  There does need to be some very large maximum cap.
It's nice to run tests with arbitrary large blocks on a small network to see that it's possible -&gt; but the system dynamics of a fully deployed implementation with a large reserve impulse capacity are not as simple as just considering future bandwidth (and more importantly latency) scaling... be very careful not to open an unexpected attack vector by thinking more (very large fixed block sizes) is always better.  
@_date: 2015-01-21 02:39:19
Peter &lt;- they have no clue how bad an idea this is...  There is no way anyone did serious modeling of the implications of what happens when the max blocksize exceeds what the network can safely handle (more than one very ugly unexpected attack vectors appear).  Hopefully someone does before this is implemented.  Normally I just stay quiet, but I'd feel guilty if I didn't at least try to warn people on this this idea.  There isn't anything wrong with changing the max blocksize, but don't let it get significantly higher than what can be safely handled by the network... 
@_date: 2015-05-18 21:26:52
If they make that sort of implementation push-upgrade capable you know it won't really end up pointing at their intended target...
It's a cute way to get VC money (perhaps also trollish or defensive licensing money) -&gt; no way it will be a cost effective (and secure) implementation (regardless of the pie-in-the-sky-dreams of added utility promised).
@_date: 2016-01-29 13:43:54
Perhaps designed to test a potential mechanism for trade without the requirement of an overseer that wields more power than the users (for fairness/dispute resolution/etc)...  
Politics and forms of third party trust are what allow consensus for continued existence (not mathematical proof or chosen algs which only work for functionality).  
Trying to replace politics/trust with technical infrastructure only, is that different than 'legacy' systems that require a more powerful authority/government/institution? 
@_date: 2015-08-11 21:52:43
Ah, but remember the design is built around not trusting anyone... diversity in the software/behavior by individuals that leads to decreased predictability of the system behavior -&gt; that's only going to cause people to compensate by changing the expected number of confirmations for a given level of assurance that a particular tx will stay in the blockchain.
This kind of stuff isn't really capable of killing the experiment at all... 
I do agree with you that it's interesting to watch greed and short term interests possibly getting to the point that they can directly affect the blockchain stability (rather than grq schemes/exchanges/pools/etc) -&gt; could very easily backfire and create a period where predictability is valued and it will be very hard to get any changes made to the protocol (and that's not such a bad thing).
@_date: 2015-08-07 11:18:24
Bingo... 
The behavior of the participants tends to adapt to the current network parameters and over time a quasi-stable topology emerges.  If something happens (protocol/tech available/whatever) that allows an actor to take advantage of a deformation it can be very profitable...  Over time it doesn't really matter because the network topology will change to adapt.  
With the current network state it would not be unreasonable to think that an increase in selfish mining (and related muckery) would occur for a bit if the protocol/conc. accepted much larger blocks -&gt; but that approach could be rather easily countered and rendered very unprofitable by others.  
While it tends to be in the best interest of actors to behave as expected to reach consensus when the network topology is stable -&gt; that's not really the case when significant deformations occur.  While that can lead to some performance issues for a bit -&gt; the system will stabilize again over time... what you can't really predict though is what that stable state will look like (it could very well end up that mining centralization becomes less profitable instead of more profitable for example).
@_date: 2015-08-07 11:53:09
Yup, there will always be a risk that a particular interest will crushed by a change in the protocol/conc -&gt; but that's just the way the world works.  If there is sufficient drive to make a change then it will happen (no matter how much pr/politics are involved, no matter how powerful certain actors are at a given point in time).
Just remember that in these types of systems, the resulting topology after any significant change is not easy to predict (lots of things can be affected in unexpected ways).  
Hopefully, at least the original motivation for the change (let's use increasing tx throughput as an example) is fulfilled and doesn't end up in a worse place than before the change... that's never a certain thing.
@_date: 2015-08-04 18:00:37
Heh -&gt; silly rabbits... kind of surprised more of this stuff doesn't grab attention more often (especially with some of the more recent non-validating node muckery).  
@_date: 2015-08-06 09:33:35
I have hope there will be a shift back to the way it used to be where there was momentum in teaching and educating people about the concepts and the different ways to implement -&gt; those were productive times.
Once the potential for raw profit drew in a different set of interests...  too many just want to know how to use the system and too few want to put in the work to be able to understand it at a level where they can think critically and make intelligent contributions.
It sucks when politics end up pushing people out directly -&gt; or by self-reflection on the way the 'purpose' changes.  In the end it's always been about people and what needs are unfilled -&gt; eventually that ought to lead to a situation where a permissive environment develops again.  Greed can be a very destructive force...  but it will fail to science and engineering over time.  
@_date: 2015-08-15 22:46:11
Which genesis block?
(Dangerous to break the illusion of a god... people like idols) 
@_date: 2015-08-05 22:28:56
Ah... it's funny how people think excitement and drama create an productive environment for meaningful progress.  I give you (and the other devs) credit for putting up with all the manipulative political crap.  It's so much easier to vanish into the shadows... 
@_date: 2015-08-12 09:59:39
It has always come down to what the people that want to use a coin can agree upon or tolerate... the rest of it is illusion.
I still get a kick out of the attempts by many to find potential choke points in the infrastructure -&gt; throw in some smoke/mirrors and marketing skills and try to get others to view them as powerful...  silly rabbbits
@_date: 2015-07-04 15:50:32
Heh... of course it can (and variants of that have occurred in the past) -&gt; there are many different approaches to get an advantage (some not requiring invalid blocks, or blocks that take longer to process, or tx inclusion trickery, or mucking around with the block propagation dynamics).  Really it comes down to understanding the current surface communications topology and 'positioning' better than competing miners...  better information/prediction about peer behavior can be more more profitable than raw hashrate (although with PoW it's not in the ballpark of the shenanigans that can be done with PoS)
It doesn't really matter though -&gt; as long as nodes don't trust each other (and they shouldn't) and take it upon themselves to validate blocks directly then everything will work fine.  Actually there are still some areas of weakness in the connection/pairing logic for the core software -&gt; but that's much better now than it used to be...  Eventually I would expect more people to actively adapt to the propagation dynamics of blocks on the live network -&gt; that most likely should be done on a separate channel though (needs some sequential signature and timing information to do correctly that can't go in the blockchain - and - a different record of all the proposed solutions to blocks that didn't win out).
@_date: 2015-07-05 15:01:41
If the probability of working on an invalid block is low then perhaps for a bit one could benefit this way at low risk (esp. if the finder is also considered -&gt; they have a history of not submitting flawed blocks).  
But that apparent advantage (building on a tip without validating when your competitors spend effort to validate and suffer that initial starting delay) can at will become an overall disadvantage if the pool validating everything deploys a bit of skill with block withholding/tx inclusion/selective dispersion/etc... (with or without cartel behavior from other nodes).
Given the apparent percentage of hashrate that got caught not validating recently -&gt; it's probably very unwise to not validate now...  competing miners have the potential to punish it very hard if they choose.
@_date: 2015-07-15 22:30:45
Ah... you've studied the system well enough to understand zeroconf can never reliably work on the core network (be careful about thinking that 'peer pressure' or cartel behavior can make it appear possible - many tears will water that path if taken too seriously). 
Of course it would be possible to build out a second tx processing network that could be structured in a tightly controlled manner to 'insure' services that actually need zeroconf -&gt; but the core design has always linked probability of tx durability to depth in the chain (the live state of the network on the tip can never ever be trusted -&gt; again, leads to tears if one does.  There's a reason information about the state of the network wasn't threaded into the chain - heh, well multiple reasons really...)
@_date: 2015-07-30 22:30:42
It will always be difficult to convince people of the actual technological significance of choices -&gt; manipulation when drama is a far more efficient way to direct behavior (and requires about as much energy as watching tv for the followers of any particular ideological path &lt;- that's very hard to compete with...)
The choice of different paths to scalability are interesting, but I don't think most people are aware that any change here (no matter the intent) is an opportunity for unexpected consequences.  Since neither blocksize or tx throughput really dominate the determination of value for cryptocoins -&gt; it seems silly to focus so hard on it.  
It probably won't be as entertaining as the emergence of pools (and the gambling/risk opportunities consolidation allows for bonus profit for a few) or even intentionally short lived alts (effectively a gambling game of sorts).  If nothing else, there will probably be a decent chance for a highly profitable and unanticipated opportunity for a few if the blocksize changes with the current network topology...
@_date: 2015-04-05 13:15:09
Pretty sure I remember the release was held until an appropriate headline appeared about the continuing muckery with the banks -&gt; symbols matter when you want to get a distributed group of people to stand together behind an idea (there was nothing stopping anyone from choosing a different genesis block to stand behind at first -&gt; but united behind one thing they agreed was significant made it more likely they would stick with a common blockchain rather than competing from the start).
Part of me thinks there was a different ideal target statement (still financial muckery but a different person making it) but this one was good enough and the time was right -&gt; too long ago to remember all the details though...
@_date: 2015-04-10 09:21:50
well, yes having at least a subpart that doesn't ever really stop is useful - and not actually using the power from a port to power a device but rather to charge it isn't a bad idea -&gt; combined with strong rf filtering is helps considerably in making power analysis difficult without tampering.
an unknown port (especially a hardware port like usb) is always a huge risk -&gt; a lot can be done to mitigate risks and cleanup/sanitize the information allowed to pass -&gt; at a minimum you usually want a separate relay chip for the io with a defined and tightly constrained data buffering logic (so no information about timing can be observed).
@_date: 2015-04-04 11:32:16
'...and find a way to make it provably impossible.'
A noble goal perhaps, but that's not always possible.  Indeed at the core of the design here -&gt; the goal is to make things provably unprofitable over a span of time rather than impossible (in a field of probable outcomes not in a specific instance).  There are always going to be edge cases where it is possible that an unlikely discrete event (or even a chain of them) can exist -&gt; what matters is the span of time that they would be profitable relative to the more probable behavior of the system.  
Yes in a centralized or contained system it makes sense to run cost analyses of threats/risks and have mitigation plans and shoot for the 'let's make all the unwanted events impossible' goal -&gt; can't really do that with a distributed system where there is no centralized authority (where that approach can potentially end up creating additional weaknesses over a system that is designed to free run).  Traditional approaches make sense only with systems that can define a domain over which all things ought to be managed and controlled.  
BTC has a security model (it basically is a security model at it's core design), but it's setup to be 'self-healing' over time regardless of any specific failure event instance -&gt; for the system as a whole and not for an individual domain of it.  Subdomains within the system will fall to the wishes of the consensus here over time -&gt; so with a distributed system the only way to effectively engineer security is by probability and potential area of the system affected in a discrete event -&gt; baked in the protocol that every member needs to stick with (if their assets/stake is to have any value).
But yes you are right that in a traditional centralized/contained system (like an exchange), events will occur with increasing chance over time and they likely will fail (get hacked in this case) if risks exist that are possible to instantiate.  
@_date: 2015-04-10 01:30:15
Yup, they have a somewhat reasonable approach for most commercial purposes (nxp almost always has interesting stuff available - close to secure in the context of cost to break for most purposes) -&gt; but... it's always going to be a problem when 'you' as an individual can't trust the hardware or the libraries completely (which is one thing when an individual can hold a bank or other 3rd party responsible for failure - completely different when it's your keys and you are the only responsible agent).
@_date: 2015-04-10 04:18:42
that would be good...  perhaps consider adding signed data about the power conditions and some operations (like flashing or key changes) on connection -&gt; use a deterministic sequence (different key strategy) so a user can 'know' whether they were the last one to use a device, whether it was tampered with, etc...  depending on the hardware parts and implementation you choose this can be done pretty easily and cost effectively (and very hard to get around without tampering being evident) 
@_date: 2015-04-01 22:19:25
Why would one want to define the importance of something based on the ability to explain it in 140 characters?  That's just weird...
"Elegant math and a public record allows the creation of a financial system where anyone can participate and only the individual controls their money."
That's really all that someone new needs to understand -&gt; everything else is implementation.  If one wants to understand more... well the code is public, the math is well defined and there are plenty of experts in subtle areas that can explain things if you get stuck.
One of the nicest things about cryptocoins like BTC is that nothing is secret or hidden -&gt; there is no magic wizard behind the curtain making things work, no impenetrable building where the details of what's actually happening is kept away from the users, no capricious changing the rules in the future, no forfeiture of assets if someone decides you don't fit their vision...
One doesn't need to understand any intricacies to use BTC -&gt; for those that want to learn more that path is open to them.  I kind of hope that more people develop an itch to understand more about why/how BTC works and in the process end up learning more than they expected... 
 
* it saddens me that people believe 'understanding' occurs because of explanation -&gt; actually learning to the point of understanding something takes effort
@_date: 2015-09-19 15:23:05
deployed for commerce in browsers so had some traction as an accessible standard and not export restricted munitions...  perhaps not the ideal choice but a very practical one.
@_date: 2015-04-10 00:14:28
Ah, but even if you code it correctly so there are no timing information leaks, power analysis is extremely hard to defend against -&gt; unless you use purpose built hardware (and even that is hard to get right although in practice one can produce tamper resistant hardware where the cost of this class of side channel attacks would be cost prohibitive for the data protected).
I think it's nice to see people publish these proof of principle experiments (and compared to what can be done this is a very simple approach -&gt; but it does walk through the basic concepts nicely).  
Doing crypto hardware (or any 'secure' hardware) correctly is not easy, or cheap -&gt; you know there was no way this class of devices could actually have been designed and built using these types of components to withstand an analysis that someone with commonly available tools and a bit of motivation would be able to break.
@_date: 2015-03-05 23:44:15
Nope -&gt; it would make an altcoin (forked from btc where everyone holding btc was given free coins).  BTC would remain unchanged -&gt; well the hashrate would be lower so there would be some slow blocks (except that there is a huge incentive for everyone givin the free coins to dump them and buy BTC - if you got an exchange to pick it up - and for miners to go back to the BTC chain because what they mine on the alt chain is going to be worth crap).
All that matters is that people trust the protocol (not each other) -&gt; in cryptocoins trusting another person (miner collusion) is a fast way to get stabbed in the back and lose.
Miners (or any other interest) can't affect this type of leverage over other interests -&gt; that's why the protocol was designed the way it was...  
Miners could 'jump' to an alt of course -&gt; or make their own with whatever rules they want...  but what they have isn't BTC anymore and they only hurt themselves.
@_date: 2015-03-26 02:08:48
Oh I know it can be difficult -&gt; trust me though, it gets easier each time to put you neck out for judgement by others when you claim the paths you want to take in life.
It's always safer to just behave like others expect -&gt; but it's very hard to actually live your life and accomplish anything significant and unique without following the paths that interest you (even if they might make others uncomfortable or draw unwanted attention).
Transparency is vastly undervalued in the world...  but it matters in the long run.
@_date: 2015-03-19 13:19:14
I'm not a big fan of colored coins either...  but that said there could potential be uses of the concept.  Most of the sidechain/2.0 layer stuff leads to weaker and more complex solutions than a single simple chain (I will leave open the possibility that there exist edge cases where there is a practical benefit to them anyway -&gt; the trick is finding a way to implement for those cases and minimize the additional risks to users).  
At the root of all of it is the placement of the leverage point for trust -&gt; my gut is that it's almost always going to be better to just have a separate coin/blockchain to cover edge cases and clearly define where that point is (conversion/exchange) than to risk the core blockchain/protocol.  There are usually going to be consequences that where not anticipated at the time and I really don't think it's wise to add complexity when there are easier ways to implement and limit the risks for the system as a whole.  I'd rather see things like smart contracts on a separate chain (maybe auxed under BTC) than using tokenized metadata on the BTC chain (either 3rd party controlled or implemented in a protocol change).
@_date: 2015-03-13 18:43:54
Peter, you know we could always setup a side channel to share and combine time marked node connectivity data (as well as anything else on the p2p port).  Run it as a separate service that just watches the btc port passively and has a unique local key/identity -&gt; sign the data we pass to each other.
It would not be hard to rip out unusual activity (connection behavior/responses to requests/etc) and if needed to dynamically adjust behavior (heck, there's a very good chance automated systems could be outright poisoned to dysfunction with bad data as desired).  Yes we need a little consensus agreement about identity and relevance of the information, but that's not hard to do at all with the raw data in play.  Heck it probably could even run in bursts (valid surveillance key signed behavior in a timeframe based on recent hash in blockchain) rather than constant as still tease out nodes with strange behavior quickly.
There will never be a way to stop nutty people attempting to mine data from the blockchain -&gt; when they want to mine by live surveillance to attempt to pull additional information we could easily outscale the costs of those interests doing it successfully.
As a side effect there would actually end up being additional information about which changes (dynamically) could improve information dispersion and durability across the network.
@_date: 2015-03-13 22:05:01
That doesn't matter -&gt; what does is where you think it may be going in the future...  
Consensus (and not the perspective of an individual or a minority) is all that matters -&gt; that's why it took the path it did to where it is now (not an overlord or a silent gardener).
@_date: 2015-03-13 22:17:16
Yup -&gt; choice matters
Sometimes people need to work in smaller groups to make progress...  Everyone can't work on the same project at the same time or you end up with mediocrity (unless you have a fantastic leader and even then you become susceptible to the 'blinder effect').  
The field is always stronger when people that are motivated find a path to learn and experiment, to fail often with the possibility of succeeding.  
Alts don't hurt BTC at all.  They aren't a threat to anything and really only exist because BTC can't satisfy the needs and wishes of all the people at once.  In practice, testing (and maybe proving) higher risk ideas or approaches in alts is better than putting a conservative chain (intended for long term value) at unnecessary risk - and - alts provide an excellent way for political differences to not end up destroying the productivity of a group.
When people (not coins) end up achieving something useful to others (intentional or not) then it can be understood by other people and integrated across whatever coins have use for that thing.
@_date: 2015-03-17 18:56:50
Ah, but were there not compromises that had to be made at the time...  a lot of crypto that could have been included (and was not) could/would have caused some rather annoying import/export/munitions issues.  
Perhaps it was more important to get a viable proof of concept out that wasn't going to be relatively easy to justify stopping distribution/use of at the beginning?
@_date: 2015-03-05 23:26:08
nah, it would almost always be more profitable with these cryptocoins to stick with a system where people inherently do not trust each other (and collusion requires those involved to trust each other).
You also have to think about all of the interests involved (not just people mining) -&gt; this type of fork (which it would be) is likely to sufficiently annoy everyone else such that support (users/xch/businesses/devs/etc) sticks behind the original protocol.
In the big picture, consensus about the protocol (which nodes implement) takes into consideration the interests of everyone involved.  Miners are effectively just 'paid' to do a job -&gt; nothing more and nothing less.  If there was a bizarro miner fork revolt, it would be easy enough for everyone else to ignore it (that's different than a PoW attack that still follows the protocol agreed upon).
@_date: 2015-03-13 23:35:59
I think the link you posted doesn't resolve to the original file anymore.  I don't have that file/archive so I can't determine what quote you are referring to...
My source was not an rar archive.
@_date: 2015-03-30 15:28:41
Um... that paper is woefully insufficient.  Feels too markey/scammy for investors and really doesn't touch the major underling weaknesses in PoS.
Where is the code?  I can work with that to figure out what these heck people were trying to accomplish (and I hope they didn't really just make the changes hinted at in that paper relative to previous PoS coins -&gt; or there are going to be some very unhappy people in the future).
@_date: 2015-03-30 23:16:24
Yup, I have played around with a few codebases and discussed a number of concerns with people in a position to understand -&gt; multiple people are (and have for a significant time been been) aware, but the problems are not easy to fix.
@_date: 2015-03-06 16:30:17
Cute way of looking at the data.
Did you look at stratification of the data (number of inputs/number of outputs/coins transferred/fees paid/etc)?
@_date: 2015-03-13 23:16:23
initial release was v0.01 ALPHA
operating systems were not discussed in the released code, only dependencies, compilers and libraries needed as well as the means to disable encryption (for... reasons)
@_date: 2015-03-09 20:57:03
Yup, it is possible that changes in the propagation dynamics do affect the most profitable blocksize -&gt; but I would also expect selective node peering to become more explored (not sure how many people live map the dispersion kinetics already -&gt; probably only some large pools/highhashrate-nodes).
@_date: 2015-03-26 01:15:36
You did exactly the right thing talking first with other mods and then keeping it transparent by disclosing it here.
I may not always agree with your opinions, but you are a very good mod and I wish you success.
The world is full of situations where there is the potential for conflict of interest -&gt; transparency is all we need as a community to let individual people follow their interests (and not have to pick only one thing at the sacrifice of other paths).
@_date: 2015-03-18 22:29:18
Hey very cool.  Congrats.
@_date: 2015-03-14 13:27:59
@_date: 2015-03-19 12:26:10
Well that's exactly what I would expect -&gt; and it's a good thing really.  
People shouldn't give anyone (or their ideas) the benefit of the doubt -&gt; challenge and test the f^&amp;k out of them, try to break them, try to find the faults -&gt; that's how you make progress.
I actually respect both Bram and Peter, but there are no people that are flawless or start with a perfectly formed idea -&gt; and both of them are smart enough to know that...  Heck even the ideas that seem 'stupid' at the time might very well end up becoming something very important if there is some productive distrust and critical analysis. 
@_date: 2015-03-23 22:50:17
heh...  old strategy (actually not even new to BTC since there was huge advantage for some pools to do this in the past - still occasionally happens in some coins but I haven't tracked BTC this way in a while -&gt; kind of pointless with the fewer consolidated mining interests now).
There are plenty of ways to handle this class of problems -&gt; but the path you take almost certainly needs to allow each node to consider who it accepts or does not accept connections from -&gt; at the moment almost all nodes are too promiscuous and trusting on the p2p network.  The most robust solution is probably going to be adding an independent daemon (with a separate channel to communicate with other nodes running it) to sit between the network and the BTC core -&gt; have locally defined connection logic to setup trust (include queries about which other nodes it sees and 'I don't trust this node key' messages), let each node have a set of keys (unique for each node it talks to), maybe allow a proportion of connections to untrusted sources.  Let that daemon function to firewall connections and don't touch the BTC core.  Durability comes from different sources of information (and you need signatures to map that out) -&gt; centralized repeaters are nice for efficiency but suck for durability.
@_date: 2015-03-19 01:45:35
Well I think that it's fine to have competing motivations for each functional activity in the system.  While I personally need no motivation to run a node, I don't think it's a bad thing if someone wishes to provide motivation (whether substantial or trivial - and - whether it's for throughput/durability or analytics).
In the context of running nodes -&gt; I doubt that direct payment/benefits to people running nodes will drive more than a small percentage of the overall network (but so what).  I agree that it's unlikely to create substantial motivation compared to other factors.  I think it's a nice idea if it motivates some people who otherwise wouldn't run nodes to do so... (it really doesn't matter why someone runs a node - incentives/motivations should always be untrusted in these types of distributed systems -&gt; no different than being concerned with how people want to spend their coins). 
You do raise a valid point about being incapable of determining the actual true functional capacity and connectivity of the network.  Interestingly, in the big picture it doesn't matter very much for the coin itself...  But having relevant data does have potentially significant advantages -&gt; in edge cases people do implement specific implementations to get the data they need to compete better against their peers.  I still don't think the current community is ready for the tools needed to get the interesting system dynamics information in a distributed (and in practice trustless and uncensored) way -&gt; it would be abused now to preferentially benefit too few.  Maybe one day...
* sybils are not a big problem if you know where in the topology they are...  it is unwise to expect any user/node to be honest and very unwise to expect the majority to ever be motivated to be honest (protocol/blockchain doesn't require it anyway).
@_date: 2015-10-10 14:16:54
Perhaps ask instead -&gt; why do alts come into existence and persist...
Many different interests were drawn to BTC (and while over time we have seen shifts in which were dominant - there has always been diversity).  
If traditional forms of currency were sufficient to satisfy all the desires and needs of all the people then BTC would never have drawn a critical mass.  In the same way if BTC could do it then there would be no alts...
The fundamental question of whether it is possible to universally satisfy all the needs of people for trade is not a simple problem -&gt; it's not even clear that such a solution would allow a viable community/society to exist over time (it may very well weaken the necessary fabric).
Alts are not a threat to BTC and BTC is not a threat to traditional currencies.  If niches are found where any particular tool is competitively better at satisfying a need then it will tend to exist with few changes -&gt; otherwise...
The specifics of what uses people find of course draw attention (good and bad) -&gt; but are only a result of how that subgroup of interests interacts with the society/culture as a whole.  With any abstraction of trade (BTC/traditional money/whatever), there is no ability to limit internal utility based on 'socially acceptable' behavior -&gt; but at the border where the abstract becomes real again just about every community/society has an interest in limiting utility.  Nations have an interest in restricting trade mostly to continue to exist over time -&gt; yes it's easy to think it's all about a few wanting to control many... but that's something that makes a much better book or movie than reality.
Hopefully we will see more progress and less conflict occur here -&gt; not seriously considering the interests of others at the interface of communities is the only practical thing holding cryptocoins back from wider adoption...  (and it's the reason scammers and con-artists continue to thrive)
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:35:45
Some things we can't discuss in public because it's not ethical when there are operational blockchains that could have issues (there are too many who would take unfair advantage).  There are still a few problems with practical PoS implementation (the key is implementation here) that don't have viable solutions yet and until they do I won't discuss them.
I have run simulations on similar changes to Peercoin in the past... be very careful thinking that you have increased the security of the coin here.  I have to do a code analysis and some simulations on the released code to see if that's the case -&gt; it's possible that you have increased the practical security -&gt; but that's not easy to do with PoS.
@_date: 2015-03-13 22:51:58
it was not windows only (intentionally used a non platform specific ui/widgit set) for... reasons, did use openssl rather then including the crypto in the release for... reasons, it was known for a while it would be released and the date was set for... reasons, the idea of a crytocoin and what would be needed for a practical implementation were well discussed ahead of time and a lot of stuff at first was not included for... reasons, there were multiple groups working on the idea of this type of coin but once this was released those chose not to compete for... reasons
@_date: 2015-02-24 16:59:33
both would agree about the coins prefork as valid and then differ about things after the fork depending on what happened (of course all the newly mined coins would be chain specific).  If a valid transaction was broadcast to both chains in this case then both chains could mempool it and/or put it in a block.
It wouldn't be viable very long if both chains hear all the transaction broadcasts...  for practical reasons one chain would need to be chosen before long (it would be very hard to keep the two chains in this case viable -&gt; very very hard if they hear each other).
Heh... I might dig up that blockchain combat game core I wrote years ago (competing chains, multiple teams, players can defect, taking over buildings increases hashrate, cut/repair power/comm to buildings,...) -&gt; should have finished that one.
@_date: 2015-02-26 10:29:52
It may be possible to create a more efficient way, but it's hard to do right (I haven't seen an implementation that does it yet).
Etherium is an interesting idea in theory...  implementation of the interesting parts is going to be hard.  I do hope they make significant progress -&gt; some creativity will be needed.
It's not that the concept of PoS is bad for everything -&gt; but it's not a more efficient way to secure a primary blockchain than PoW.  
@_date: 2015-02-28 01:15:04
I've always thought of wallets as providing a nice way to present the inputs you have available -&gt; just like normal currency (except each coin/bill can be any denomination in coins and isn't fixed to certain values like traditional currency).
Everyone I have explained the concept to that way has picked it up immediately (and the wallet analogy holds well for that - a logical container for money).
Then I explain that based where those inputs came from, you might not want to mix them if you want to stay anonymous (this leads to turning on coin control and showing them how inputs get logically grouped under addresses because of their history).
Then I explain that the only way to spend the inputs is to have the private key that resolves to that address -&gt; so even though everyone can see every input and it's history on the blockchain, only you can move your coins.  Anyone can send coins to you -&gt; you can make as many addresses for that as you want, and you can label them in your wallet however you choose.
So the wallet needs to know the private keys (and you need to protect that data - always encrypt your wallet and make backups) -&gt; it can calculate the addresses from the private keys and by looking at the blockchain it can find all the inputs you control and put them in a nice logical format.  When you make a transaction you can let it pick the inputs to use, or you can force it to use only certain ones.
Because inputs always need to be spent completely, any extra after you add them up for a transactions comes back to you just like a normal store when you use cash and don't have the exact amount -&gt; it goes in a new address as change.
The normal wallet keeps a pool of keys/addresses, and if you use them all it will make more, but the new ones it makes need to be backed up (so if you make a lot of transactions you ought to back up the wallet again -&gt; it's entirely up to you to not lose that data since there is no way anyone can help if you lose it).
Now there are some wallets that can use a keyphrase and generate a unique sequence of keys/addresses based on it -&gt; those you only need to remember the keyphrase (since you can always recreate all the addresses deterministically).
There are other wallets that don't keep a local copy of the whole blockchain (which is kind of practical for small devices like phones) -&gt; those usually ask other computers for the inputs available -&gt; it's practical, but you can leak data about the coins you control.
* 5 to 10 minutes usually all it takes...  never had someone get confused or overwhelmed.
* Then we move some coins and look at the confirmations, look at the transaction ids on a blockchain viewer (I like chain.so for new people because it makes a lot of the new questions appear -&gt; hashrate, difficulty, mining pools, transactions in flight, blocks...).  Depending on the person a lot of time can be spent here...
* That's my usual intro for new people -&gt;  it usually leads to more questions, but I've never had anyone get confused (and I follow the same sequence for people with technical backgrounds or not).
* Yeah I should say uxto instead of input, but people like 'inputs' -&gt; that resonates well with most people.  Very few people do I end up ever discussing how the protocol/PoW/scripts/forensics work (and they usually do a fair amount of research on their own before they ask those types of questions).  It's not perfect, but that's what I've found works well for introducing BTC/cryptocoins to new people.
@_date: 2015-02-21 12:49:48
Well, with distributed systems like these cryptocoins we start with the idea of not trusting anyone to play by the rules (for everything).  By using the probability of effectively randomly distributed events across a very large space we can assign a number to how likely a 'bad/collision' event will occur.
While it's not possible to have absolute/perfect security (100% secure) against a bad actor/event -&gt; we can define the parameters of the system to make them extremely unlikely (effectively not going to happen in a relevant timeframe) or extremely cost ineffective to implement (costs more money/time/resources than available).
The 'problems' we tend to see in cryptocoins tend to happen where people make bad choices, flawed implementations or use the coins in a way that breaks the distributed protocol trust model (online wallets/exchanges/pools where the end user does not control the keys and a bad actor can just take coins) -&gt; but those are flaws in people trusting other people and not the security of the protocol/blockchain combination (which inherently assumes no one trusts anyone else by design).
@_date: 2015-02-28 11:51:44
Ah, that would be something I'm not very good at -&gt; unless I have a piece of paper and a pen...  
(I work with lots of people from different countries and I am horrible with second languages -&gt; but when a bunch of us work together, drawing out the concepts and abstracting components with symbols works very well).
Thinking about it, I have introduced some and it went well -&gt; but it's probably because they have strong enough language skills to understand mine.  (I wish second languages clicked with me, but they never have)
@_date: 2015-03-18 23:51:59
It's a nice idea to have the rewards with bitnodes.
I still keep a node running for kicks even though I'm not mining on it anymore.  Perhaps one day I will mine BTC again, but it really doesn't cost me anything to keep it running -&gt; like a favorite pair of boots.
@_date: 2015-03-30 19:43:13
I can't say anything until I see the code -&gt; but if I find something I would much more likely just inform the devs...  I care nothing for bounties.
I will not add to the public understanding of the problems that can happen with PoS unless there is a fix to those issues that can be rolled out to existing implementations... it's not ethical.
* I will say only that if I could solve these classes problems I would have released a different distributed ledger than the serial blockchain, and I would have been able to secure it cryptographically rather than probabilistically...
@_date: 2015-02-20 23:20:23
Well ideally wouldn't it be better if all the sources were unknown?  (always mine into a new address for each block -&gt; hrmmm, we used to do that before pools didn't we...)
In practice it doesn't matter to have unknown miners.  Perhaps more bothersome is the degree of centralization people support to have lower variance -&gt; silly rabbbits.
@_date: 2015-02-22 12:51:21
Ok, a quick way for a small business to increase user exposure/adoption...
1) Remove all the friction by printing paper wallets in your store.
2) Accept paper wallets for purchases for purchases and give change in a new one.
3) Mix this with traditional currency (cash - not credit cards) acceptance. 
This would completely remove the friction for new people (nothing to install, paper wallets 'feel' like using cash, very low cost and risk for you as a merchant to implement).  Of course customers could then learn how to import them into other wallets or use other wallets for purchases -&gt; but this makes makes it much easier on the new customer (and it would possibly draw many customers if there is a way to turn cash into btc).  Probably also helps build return customers (which is kind of important for many small businesses).
@_date: 2015-02-21 19:56:54
It's all about trust...
If you trust fewer/centralized full nodes/institutions to act on your best interests (include your transactions/let you spend your coins/not to lie) then of course we can have fewer full copies of the blockchain (I guess at the extreme we could have one copy right?  I mean if everyone trusts that holder...).  Gigantic centralized institutions can of course get away with fewer copies of their data -&gt; they decide the 'truth' in their databases.
But here, the more full copies of the blockchain, the harder it is to make the network disappear (or muck with who can use it, etc) -&gt; stuff that we don't typically face every day.
For short term functional activity spv is great and when everything is working well we don't 'need' that many full nodes -&gt; but the true utility of having lots of full nodes isn't apparent until there are problems. More full nodes increases the durability but as you noted not necessarily the efficiency/throughput.
There's also the question of channel leakage -&gt; if one has a full node/copy of the blockchain -&gt; then all the analytics/usage can be done without external observation...  It's very easy to track the information people requested about particular addresses/blocks/transactions and tie them to their physical location (access point) if they only pull the data (and/or subsets) from other nodes.
In general I'd like to see as many people as possible run full nodes -&gt; those that have an interest in learning how the system works, tinkering around with it and maybe building on it.  
While I disagree with you about the need to have full nodes, I like seeing the different perspectives appear as people with different backgrounds and goals begin to think about practical implementations of cryptocoins -&gt; over time I fully expect the accepted modifications to the protocol (ex: blocksize) to change in ways that match the practical needs of the users as things rollout.  Heck, maybe there will end up being only a few giant nodes and all the individual users will completely trust them to maintain the network.
@_date: 2015-02-28 20:26:54
Well, it all depends -&gt; different 'wallets' have various strengths and weaknesses.  You might look here  to see whether some appeal to you more than others.  I tend to avoid suggesting any wallet other than a full client to people (and that's probably not always an ideal solution for all).
Other options include online wallets and paper/cold storage...  if you are just starting to learn, my advice would be to start slowly using a wallet of your choice on hardware that you control with a limited number of coins at first.  
Diversification (spreading coins over multiple wallets so there is no single point of failure) can be a very wise thing, but again my advice would be to start slowly and return to that once you have a better 'feel' for how everything works and gain a little more experience (it's so much easier once you know what you want -&gt; and many people that have been around awhile prefer different solutions to match their personal needs).  In general using different wallets for risk mitigation (normal/paper/etc) works best when not run on the same hardware (or any hardware at all for paper wallets).
Have fun, play around with the coins and learn everything you can -&gt; the learning curves are different for everyone, but there are plenty of people that will help if you get stuck or have questions.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:37:18
Heh...  it's not the first time people jump on a 'solution' and end up creating more problems than they solve -&gt; it almost certainly won't be the last.
Watching the progress of mischief (assuming it's the same person/group) -&gt;  thinking about the probable next ones and the steps taken in the past to mitigate... ugh
@_date: 2015-02-01 01:33:41
He made a difference in the world and he will be missed.  I wish life wasn't so hard sometimes...
My prayers honor the memory and hope for the family. 
@_date: 2015-02-26 03:11:05
There are multiple weak points where the apparent consensus can be forced by a 'minority'...  some require a particular hand of inputs, some require particular spatial positioning of nodes, others require significant expertise.  But, regardless of why a minority can set the path -&gt; it utterly breaks the distributed consensus system (which depends on trusting a system rather than trusting individuals/nodes/miners).  In most cases it's actually much cheaper to do than it would be to overtake a PoW coin (as implemented in these coins, 'space' is much easier to deform than time).
Now, one could implement PoS in a way where individuals couldn't 'deform space' (so a minority can't set the blockchain path) -&gt; but that takes at least as many resources as implementing equivalent security using PoW.  I know people like to think PoS is only at risk when an individual controls the majority of coins -&gt; that is very very far from reality.
I'm not comfortable saying anything other than that since there are PoS coins in play.
@_date: 2015-02-28 13:04:29
I guess you have to expect that though when the number of people with a cryptography background seems to get smaller every year.
I still read it as 'Number used ONCE' -&gt; saying it as a word is like nails on a chalkboard... (but that's just me)
@_date: 2015-02-24 15:38:20
So here's the thing -&gt; while you have two viable chains they could indeed be spent on each chain (but you have to talk to each chain separately)...
Keeping the both chains viable would be hard though...  you would either have to physically isolate the networks using either chain (think islands and species divergence over time - no communication/interaction) or make changes to the protocol on one chain so that it doesn't interact with the other -&gt; either way you have effectively two coins (blockchains) and the 'value' of the coins will likely change (weaker network/increased risk of confusion/...)
In reality little microforks can (and do) happen (and you could indeed have spends on each microfork to a different target) -&gt; but only one chain wins over time (and the coins get spent once -&gt; so waiting for sufficient confirmations is wise if you are a vendor).
@_date: 2015-02-25 23:21:02
Well, I guess you need to start by defining 'who' is PoW less attractive for?  The resources that go into mining are not wasted -&gt; indeed it is critical to put energy into the system for distributed consensus to function correctly.
It is true that we see over exuberance in centralization of mining with BTC now -&gt; but that's because there is an imbalance between the price components due to speculation and those due to utility (and while centralized mining might be more profitable for a period the price will just drop and make it unprofitable if utility doesn't increase proportionally -&gt; waves and cycles are pretty common here).
PoS as people implement it is not in the ballpark in terms of security compared to the PoW implementation we use in BTC.  It is possible to modify PoS to function at the same level of security, but you will end up putting in at least as much external energy/resources to accomplish that... (a few weaknesses of PoS have been discussed in public, but for the most part people have been quiet -&gt; likely because there are PoS coins in existence and few have the background to do the deeper analysis).
If you are considering decreasing the effective security of the blockchain, the interests of 'miners' are trivial compared to those with assets or those that are interested in functional utility.
* nothing is free -&gt; if you want security in a blockchain you need to expend resources -&gt; effectively more than your adversary...