@_author: tanya_isaacs
@_date: 2018-09-27 08:34:17
Criminals. They're playing Bitcoin like Wall Street does. Pump up the value of a company, make a few stupid mistakes, and then dump it on unsuspecting shareholders before moving onto the next project and laughing your way to the bank. I can't believe that people get away with shit like this when offenders for crimes less than $10k get thrown in jail. It's like if you up your crime to incomprehensible levels, you get rewarded by not being exposed to any risk of crashing. Just sell it off before they catch on...
@_date: 2018-09-10 19:39:09
I'm a bit confused myself. Hyperinflation caused a power plant to blow up? And better yet, Bitcoin has something to do with this? Maybe if everyone in the country used Bitcoin, power plants wouldn't be exploding? 
Sorry, but I'm not following the logic. It looks like another attempt to blame socialism or fiat for incompetence. I'm not going to lie, they aren't the highest on my list either, but we could at least construct a better causal relationship here.
@_date: 2018-09-21 21:44:29
Yeah it seems like old stuff to us, but that's because we've been around talking about this for long enough to understand how the system works. So if you explain it to a friend and they don't get it, it's because it's not being put forward in layman's terms. Most people have such deeply rooted beliefs about money and the institutions that create them that it is very hard for them to understand that there is any possibility we are being cheated in this process as we spend the hard earned money we work for every day. But the fallacy lies in that belief itself: we are not struggling for money, but we are bringing it through our natural talents. And Bitcoin enables that through P2P exchange 
@_date: 2018-09-13 19:51:53
Yeah there's can't be endless rewards. They will run dry soon enough, and they're already starting to disappear with Bitcoin. Another halving will drive up the speculators some more, but that's not going to be easy on the miners afterwards unless the price increases exponentially, again. And I'm starting to think that the mad buying we saw in the past few bull markets won't happen in the same way because the way people look at crypto in general has changed. People are either in it or out, there aren't many people still hoping to get in.
@_date: 2018-09-26 19:10:57
Yeah this sounds a bit suspicious to me too. You think that they're trying to cover their losses by seeing how much money they can trick investors out of? This might be another bubble that shoots out a few thousand percent and then crashes back down, but the issue here is they don't actually have anything to back themselves up with. I'm half tempted to ride it up for a day or two but don't really want to contribute to that kind of useless speculative smog that crypto markets really don't need more of.
@_date: 2018-09-11 19:55:23
That's more along the lines of government incompetency with too much power and not enough blowback for their failures. Any amount of power can corrupt, but with socialism, the government happens to have more. I wouldn't be so quick to blame it on the model but on the lack of accountability that the people in control have within that model. 
Some countries can make socialism work, like in Scandinavia. But I might say that that's more of a cultural thing where the people are used to having strong governance balancing out society for them, and the planning is probably much more systematic. Plus, there's probably a high degree of transparency up there.  
@_date: 2018-09-12 18:57:11


For what reason? These transaction fees will destroy Bitcoin? I've never heard that before and am interested why that might be.
That's a good point. Ethereum was built on entirely different principles than Bitcoin and is being operated in that fashion. They don't really care about the value of it by the looks of it. The agenda is clear the way it's declining. But it will be more usable if they can solve their scaling problems with transactions.
Binance's coin also looks like it could be valuable because of how they support it with their platform. That exchange gets a *lot* of traffic.