@_author: taojeff
@_date: 2019-10-11 11:33:34
True, though the RBA stepped in a long time ago and put restrictions on transaction fees, I don't know of any other country that has done that.
@_date: 2019-10-11 11:29:37
I don't know what country you're in but you need to go piss on your reserve bank. There is no excuse for a 1st party card settlement to take more than 24 hours. I know of some 3rd party terminal providers, that have a next working day settlement policy in their agreement, in those cases any transactions done on a Friday reflect on the Monday while, Sat &amp; Sunday's reflect on the Tuesday. 
I also know of a lot of businesses that don't take Amex purely because they have a 72 hours settlement, which is considered too inconvenient. So if your reserve bank is allowing someone to sit on funds for up to six months, am assuming that's interest free as well. That should be criminal and your reserve bank should have stepped in long ago to put a stop to it.
@_date: 2019-10-12 12:46:47
I don't know, when you've got bookeepers who are taking 3 days to reconcile every day, not because they don't have the time or ability but because they only have the information to reconcile part of the day, 24 hours later and a further 24 hours later they get a bit more of the info and then the next day they get the rest of the information they need and they're out. It's now the 4th day after the transaction happened. From some of the comments here, some won't have access to the funds for a futher 3 weeks. Which means they're running at least months cashflow behind. For those companies, if their suppliers are running on 14 day terms or even 21 days terms, it means that their income will always be behind the expenses and that's not sustainable in the long term. 
I know cards are being used more than cash, and one of the reasons is the introduction of chips allowed them to go contactless. And the reason the chips were introduced is because fraud on the magnetic strips had gotten to the point where merchants didn't want to accept cards because they were loosing money, they would process a sale and the funds wouldn't arrive or would and then get pulled back out because it was fraud and the merchants were screwed. So the chips were introduced to protect the merchant.
The fraud has moved on and soon you'll be using two step authentication for any purchases you where you can't use the chip. 
Bitcoin is potentially an alternative, but again as soon as a third party is involved then they will charge a fee and there will be delays in the movement of funds. If you are able to utilise it without a third party, then great, you just need to get over the fact that it has extremely volitile demand, has no security or backing, has an unknown supply and may be worth nothing tomorrow or even in 5 minutes time.
@_date: 2019-10-11 14:03:44
That sucks. 
Where are you, South Africa? Not actually wanting to know but had to say it because SA has absolutely stupid cash charges. Where I am, we don't have a 7% charge on cash. And in the country I previously lived in, people started taking the piss, so it was made illegal to charge for accepting or issuing cash.
@_date: 2019-10-12 10:53:22
Both Visa and mastercard, mastercard's revenue is the lower only making a little over $1,050,000 / employee, visa is iirc about $250,000 higher
@_date: 2019-10-11 11:16:28
There are also expenses associated with electronic transfers, security measures such as encryption, royalties on technology used in the cards, servers. There are always going to be expenses, using a different method isn't going to elliminate the expenses, they may change shape or form or be borne by someone else but they don't disappear.
@_date: 2019-10-11 11:44:26
it is ridiculous but it happens, depending on the regulations the reserve bank has put in place depends on the fee makeup, you may find that in that country the regulations have a flat fee capped at $0.35 and there is also an option for fee based on the % of the transaction which is capped at 3.5%. However due to the wording it's not one or the other, so the fee structure then uses both. 
Have seen others where the wording insists on one or the other as well as setting a maximum fee value. There you end up with a flat fee up to $X, between $X &amp; $Y gets the % fee and above $Y gets the max fee.
@_date: 2019-10-12 11:19:35
no, but likewise using card facilities such as eftpos isn't just 3.5%, there is the opportunity cost of having to wait for the funds, down time, security issues, reconcilliation accounting and probably others that we've both missed.
@_date: 2019-10-11 11:12:43


Yes, like in Scotland.  
The bank charge is made up of two components, a fee the bank gets and a fee that VISA or Mastercard, depending on the card, take to facilitate the transaction, when it passes through their credit facility. What causes the problem is that the latter fee is massive in comparison to the other fees. Many, many years ago the Australian government saw the problem coming and legislated a % cap and a max charge (something along the lines of 2.5% of transaction up to $5, so $100 could get hit with a $2.50 but anything $200 or more would be charged $5 \[figures used are based on ease of example not legislation). The result of that was both visa &amp; mastercard said they wouldn't operate in Oz, which would mean that anyone travelling to or from Oz would need to use cash or international bank transfers because cards would not work. Australian gov said that was fine, they didn't need visa or mastercard.  
Guess who didn't pull out of Australia. Now guess which company is taking over $1 million per employee.