@_author: taonyl
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:56:01
Here in Germany people paying with CC is rather unusual. I pay most things using wire transfer, which is functionally the same as sending a Bitcoin payment. For recurring payments, I put an order for recurring payments on my account, the bank will then transfer the money on a fixed date (for example once a month on the 27th) to the target account. It doesn't cost anything in itself (except for the time it takes till it gets to another institute).
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:49:03
Currencies offer two distinct services: Transfer and storage of wealth. These two are partially interchangeable, as storaged wealth that is not transferable is quite useless and transferable wealth that loses a significant portion of its value between two transactions will be abandoned.
I can see how Bitcoins *may* do well as a way of storing wealth, as the amount of Bitcoins is fixed and they do not depreciate in value as long as they are demanded.    
However, the high value may also be what could drive Bitcoin away from being a high volume transaction currency. If you have two currencies with which you can pay for something, you will try to use that which has a lower value. For example, let's say we are in the far future, where Bitcoin is a widely accepted currency and has a stable value. Now you can choose between paying with Bitcoin and your local, continually depreciating currency. If possible, you will try to get rid of your "bad" currency and keep your Bitcoins. But by doing so, you increase circulation of that currency and hold Bitcoins away from the market.
Which is also why I see a real chance for alternative crypto-currencies/why there need to be more than one. They bring the advantages of Bitcoins in transferability and anonymity, which are the actual reason people believe in the adoption of Bitcoin. At the same time, changes can be made to adopt the currency to different situations. Freicoin for example has a built in demurrage, which means it loses value over time. It is a bad way to store wealth *by design*, to keep people from hoarding the currency, but instead encourage them to spend it. This also means that early adopters do not have the massive advantage they have as in Bitcoins.
Personally I didn't invest Bitcoins, but I am glad that it is finally possible to experiment with currencies and not have to put up with what the governments serve us, without alternative.
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:54:16
He has 280mill Kuwaiti Dinars? Will take some more time until he is a billionaire.