@_author: taracor
@_date: 2017-12-14 05:00:56
I'm by no means an expert in this but Android is based on linux, and deleted files on linux are much harder to recover than Windows.  I would assume this holds true for Android, but that's mostly conjecture. Have you also considered encrypting your device?  
@_date: 2017-12-14 17:10:32
There is an encrypt phone option under security settings on android. You might need to un root, encrypt, then re root to do it that way. I'm sure there are root specific methods you can find though 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:17:51
Whatever works for you!  With regards to single point of failure, that isn't entirely true.  You back up your seed for your hardware wallet, and then you can restore that seed on another hardware wallet or even on just electrum.  The seed is the important part, the piece of hardware itself can be replaced easily with no effect on your balance.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:04:37
They're honestly really really similar. You can't go wrong with either. With that said....
Trezor pros:
-Open source
-Can be used as password manager
-pin entry secure from screen jacking
Ledger pros:
-build quality
-looks more inconspicuous
-at this time supports more currencies I think (could be wrong)
Just get one of each and use the same seed! 
@_date: 2017-11-29 17:55:36
Electrum is definitely safer than just coinbase, but it's still not as secure as a hardware wallet. You can use a hardware wallet with electrum so your seed never leaves the hardware wallet, so that's the safest bet. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 17:58:21
Yes, in theory ISPs could charge you more to reach any bitcoin related sites or the network. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:31:37
Yeah definitely take a look! One thing to note is that electrum is bitcoin specific. So you'd want other wallets for your other coins. If you decide to use a hardware wallet though, they can usually be used with wallets designed for those coins as well.
Anyway, MyEtherWallet is pretty popular for ether and electrum-ltc is for litecoin, but I'm not super familiar with that one.  There are plenty of others too. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 18:16:43
Sure, so I'll caveat this with the fact that I'm not an expert but here's the gist.  With bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) your wallet consists of a public key and a private key.  You give the public key to people so they can send you bitcoin, but you never give out your private key.  You use the private key to send bitcoin, so if someone had that, they could take everything from your wallet.  This private key is your vulnerability.  If you generate it online or on a computer, then it can in theory be hacked.  This is the problem with online wallets (like keeping your money on coinbase) -- the private keys are vulnerable.
Things get a little bit more complicated.  Specifically with bitcoin, when you send btc from one wallet to another, the desired transfer amount goes to the destination wallet, but the balance of the source wallet will go to a new address that the sender owns.  This is called a change address -- it's not required but it is the standard.  So now, every time you send btc, you generate a new private/public key pair.  That's a lot of keys to remember.
Electrum, Trezor, Ledger are hierarchical deterministic wallets.  Some pretty crazy math is involved, but basically you get a seed, which is a bunch of words.  That seed can then regenerate any of the public private key pairs created with that seed.  So now, instead of having to remember dozens or hundreds of public private key pairs, you just remember (or more likely write down) your seed.
So that's electrum -- it can make a seed and it can restore a seed, meaning you put an existing seed in and it will show you all of your wallets and transactions.  
So then, the obvious danger is someone getting your seed.  If they do that, you're hosed.  Well, a hardware wallet generates its own seed and never exposes it.  So you can "log in" to electrum with your hardware wallet's seed, but the seed is never open to theft.
You ideally keep that seed in a secure offline location, and then you can put it on another hardware wallet if your first one breaks.  
Does that help at all?
