@_author: tarkam
@_date: 2014-12-06 14:38:07
Like I said, sadly I honestly think it is not viable right now. Not a lot of people are buying bitcoins in exchange for Quetzales right now and those who are are taking advantage of people, screwing them with the conversion rate. If I ever find someway to do this easily and without getting screwed in the conversion process I'll gladly let you know! On the other hand see if you can send them money via Moneygram instead of WU, I'm not aware of the fee difference between the two, but if they have an account in Banco Industrial, they don't have to go to an agency to collect the money, they can call a phone number, tell  an agent their account number, transfer number and a couple of details and in 45 minutes the money is in their account. Trust me, its 100% better than going to a WU in which you have to fill out forms, wait in lines, etc. etc. Hope it helps.
@_date: 2014-12-22 14:10:43
My only experience with bitcoin has been through circle.com , I turned a couple of dollars from my credit card to BTC and then send those BTC to an Android wallet and then back again to Circle so that I could learn how everything worked. Everything worked perfectly just as I had read, but my question to you guys is this... How do people pay for drinks in a bar, food at a supermarket or anything that requires an "instant" transaction? In my small experiment every transaction took a very long amount of time, several hours to be exact. So is this because of circle or how does this work out on the real world with mobile wallets? Thank you!
@_date: 2014-09-30 00:22:10
Mind sharing which bank you used? I just connected my Master Card from Banco Industrial and was able to deposit funds to my circle account. The SMS never came to my phone (Tigo) so I had to use and set up Google Authenticator and 2 step account verification to enable my circle account. Also please let me know if you get your funds back. 
@_date: 2014-12-06 00:25:10
Guatemalan here, I started experimenting with bitcoin this year and so far have really enjoyed the learning process and loved the thrill of being able to play and convert US$ to BTC. I'm an entrepreneur and have several small clients all over Central America which send me money via WU and Moneygram. I absolutely despise WU and honestly not so much Moneygram but would love to be able to receive money via BTC. Bitcoin in my country faces several problems wich I'll try to address over here and please give me your feedback.
Buying &amp; Selling Coins
I tried local BTC exchanges and although I found a couple of people buying and selling coins the prices in which they sold bitcoin were much higher than the market value. I was finally able to buy bitcoin through my Mastercard (ironic right?) through Cirlcle.com . So now I have an online wallet with little money in it and the first experiment I wanted to make is how can I convert BTC back to US$ (forget about the Guatemalan Quetzal), US$ are plenty good over here and I figured out I would loose less money by converting to US$ than to Quetzales.
When I tried to convert BTC back to US$ to deposit back to my credit card guess what I found? The transfer from circle.com did go through but I never received the funds back in to my credit card! So the money was misteriously lost for ever. Honestly I do trust Circle and I guess that the money is now in some sort of limbo in my bank. This experiment didn't affect me as I approached it as if I had gone gambling to Vegas and was prepared to loose money while experimenting. 
So the problem right now at least in Central American countries like mine is that, sure people would love not going to WU and automatically having money in their wallet, but what good is having US$5000 worth of bitcoin in a wallet if you can't cash it in. I haven't found one retailer over here that accepts Bitcoin. There are a couple of hostels run by expats that I know do accept btc. The situation a little bit like that old movie "Alive" from 1993 where the rugby team crashes in the Andes and one guy says to the other: ["Hey I'll pay for pizza if you go get it."]( money is no good if you can't spend it. 
Price Fluctuation
I've been monitoring the price of BTC and the problem is that right now it's too volatile, and in a country where minimum wage is about US$300 , not receiving a couple of dollars in your transaction can become a problem for most people.
Money &amp; Tax Laws
I imagine that there shouldn't be a problem with sending a couple houndred dollars worth of bitcoin the same as it isn't a problem sending that ammount via WU, but if you try to "cash in"  several thousand dollars or more and inject it into a bank account you would definetly raise several red flags and you might get yourselv in trouble. Since our country is affected by drug smuglers and drug cartels lawmakers and banks keep a close eye to cash transactions and cash origins. I imagine that this applies to most countries now a days but you really really don't want to get in trouble over here by accidentally comitting a financial crime. At one time I was looking at the possibility of buying an bitcoin ATM to put in touristy locations and after a quick chat with a lawyer I wouldn't touch a BTC ATM over here with a 10 foot pole!
I don't want to come like I'm not in favor of Bitcoin, because trust me I really am. I just came back to a trip to Florida and I was constantly looking if I could even pay a bar tab or buy a shirt with BTC but sadly I couldn't spend any.
So in conclusion one of the ways I see people over here using bitcoin is if it's regulated or taxed by the government and some huge corporation starts adopting it. If the OP lives in Guatemala he should know about Tigo (telecom company) , they have a product which they call Tigo Money, which is a way to send/receive money through your phone. If bitcoin becomes widely accepted and anyone can go to a "tiendita" (small low income shops found on every corner of low income neighborhoods) and cash their bitcoins then I think bitcoin can have a bright future in countries as mine, but the problem with this idea is that whichever entrepreneur decides to try and do this will most likely charge high fees and end up being a service like WU and others.
Let me know your thoughts and if I'm right or if I'm mistaken.
