@_author: tarvish_degroot
@_date: 2014-07-20 16:34:12
Ah, yes, beautiful strawman you've set up here. I didn't refer to any buttcoiners outside of it was in context. I don't browse other buttcoin communities because it's not a direct interest of mine, but if you want to go through the other communities and show me someone who thinks *negatively* of the currency to prove a point that's moot, go ahead. (The "payment network" bit of bitcoin is flawed, so I doubt you'd *not* find a buttcoiner saying it sucks.)


Then why does the community (see what I did there, since you'll probably make a point of this if I referred to it as the "bitcoin community" instead) keep upvoting these people and making them the "vocal minority"?
@_date: 2014-07-20 19:17:48


You should probably tattoo that on your forehead somewhere. The initial comment that started this thread was by and it stated:


Emphasis added. You're nitpicking over me not constantly referring to buttcoiners as "browsers", when the context was there from the beginning.
However, this quote of yours really stuck with me:


This is hilarious to me on many levels. I love how you use the word "doublespeak" like it implies I'm the one shifting the goalposts here, when you're the one making up your own narrative to fit your world view. Correcting someone what the target of ridicule of a group is is now defending said group, apparently. I haven't been dishonest anywhere; you're the one attacking me for correcting someone (and doing a poor job of it, might I add). Nowhere is this more evident than here:


Want to know a secret?
Do you really want to know?
I'm not a buttcoiner.
I don't browse that often; only when it's linked by the bot. You seem to have gotten the idea that I'm a buttcoin zealot or something like that solely from me clarifying something *about* them. Just because I clarify something about the Republican party doesn't mean I'm a republican. Just because I clarify something about reddit, it doesn't mean that I'm a reddit admin.
Anyway, on to the only sane sentence in your post:


Well, shit, you got me there, let's just search for "hate bitcoin" and similar terms, and see what comes up...
Well, would you look at that? A good chunk of the posts state that they mostly dislike and its audience, with far less criticisms about the protocol itself.
And finally...


Beautiful! An ad hominem to top it all off.
@_date: 2014-06-16 20:33:43
Why do you prefer Lyft over Uber, out of curiousity?
@_date: 2014-07-20 15:52:21
While I agree with the sentiment that devoting a part of your life to hating something is sad, that's a pretty blatant false equivalence. Buttcoiners don't hate bitcoin, they hate and its audience.
There's also a whole thing in there about cognitive dissonance, "devote *any* portion of your life to entirely hating something" and the constant mention of banks, fiat, governments, et c. in this subreddit.