@_author: tastycroquet
@_date: 2019-07-18 00:10:41
Try deeply breathing through your nostrils.
@_date: 2019-11-08 19:25:37
Many centralized exchanges also operate using fractional reserves, as evidenced by their halting withdrawals last January on Proof-of-keys day. Poloniex, Coinbase, Bitfinex and HitBTC had to prevent people from withdrawing their BTC, indicating they risked insolvency enough to accept exposing themselves. The 21M hard cap is a theoretical constraint only. Since the BTC narrative has shifted to being a store of value, paper BTC are just as good if not better than on-chain BTC since they can be easily procured in large quantities with less slippage and more privacy. It's the exact same bullshit we've already seen in the gold market. It also creates a gigantic incentive for the custodians to manipulate the price (via CME paper-backed BTC futures for example) to avoid getting screwed if BTC price rises too sharply for them to maintain a safe fractional reserve. You all have to understand this... they are in trouble if BTC rises fast but not if it falls. Don't give them your money, they are anathema to crypto.
@_date: 2019-11-08 16:36:25
Unfortunately the shift of bitcoin towards a store of value means that off-chain bitcoin have the same properties for many investors as on-chain bitcoin. Paper backed BTC are in fact an extension of the supply cap, providing more liquidity with less slippage than on-chain BTC and offering privacy to investors that buying on-chain cannot provide. Centralized exchanges/custodians with fractional reserves and CME futures are a blatant example of this and the massive volume they treat is a testament to the attractiveness of paper BTC to the institutional trader. The 21M cap means nothing these days and it will probably not get better anytime soon. As the block reward halves and halves, the lack of fee-producing scaling tech means that more and more of the security budget will have to be paid by fees, dramatically increasing the transaction fees. This will in turn make fee-less scaling solutions (like LN) and paper BTC more attractive, compounding the problem and further expanding the BTC cap beyond 21M. Bitcoin is great but will definitely require some sort of fee-producing scaling if it's scarcity narrative is to be maintained.
@_date: 2019-08-20 14:10:14
Git outa here with your quality data ! We only use dumb apples to baseballs comparisons in this most technical of subs.
@_date: 2019-10-04 19:50:59
I have a question on banking with bitcoin:
Say I want to buy a house, where do I go to get the mortgage ? 
Also, if I take out a loan for a car or a mortgage for my house, how am I going to pay it back if the currency I borrowed keeps appreciating ? With a very deflationary policy, the value of the principal + interest on the loan may grow too fast for me to ever repay it. 
For example I buy a house now for 20 BTC with 1.5% interest. Over the next 2 years, BTC goes from 8K to 80K. The interest I have to pay per year goes from USD 2400 to  24K ! If BTC hits 1 million, the interest per year is 300K, almost twice the value of the mortgage ! 
I fail to see how a very deflationary currency can be used as a replacement for fiat in debt-dependent banking activities.
@_date: 2019-10-04 23:01:10
"Living cheap" is easy to do for a young person with very few expenses. Much less so for a family or a small business. The entire world can't be all naked on the couch waiting for bitcoin to pump...
 
Imagine you have a business with a large expensive piece of equipment. That equipment breaks, rendering the business unprofitable. In the current system the owner goes to the bank, gets a loan, repairs or replaces the equipment and is back to profit in days/weeks with a path to pay back the loan. In your system the owner's business is absolutely fucked and if he/she takes a loan it may never be paid back; the interest will crush any profitability in the long term.
Nobody would ever start a business since it would be wildly more risky and less profitable than to simply not spend your bitcoin. Many businesses need initial capital expenditure of over 1 million USD. If you had 1 million cash, would you risk it all on a business venture that may be profitable in 3-5 years or would you invest it safely to generate interest while protecting your capital ?
What about students and expensive medical procedures ? Student debt and medical debt would be impossible to pay back. Should someone wait until bitcoin appreciates to get cancer treatment or a surgery ? 
That's ridiculous.
@_date: 2019-10-15 14:58:30
That makes no sense. Miners mine by definition. [Over 80 exahash of SHA256 computing power on the network]( indicate miners do indeed mine. Surprising, I know.
@_date: 2019-10-07 19:03:57
A wild chunk of gnarled, sulfurous, compacted, multicolored shit you just dug out of your naked on the couch waiting ass.
@_date: 2019-12-11 21:01:51
@_date: 2019-12-12 17:50:36
And it came out in 2018.
@_date: 2019-12-10 16:31:06
Bakkt, CME and other paper bitcoin trading platforms print more bitcoin. Centralized exchanges (coinbase, poloniex, bitfinex, hitbtc, etc) operating on fractional reserves print more bitcoin. The 21M hard cap isn't worth much if people use centralized bullshit exchanges that fail even last year's weak-sauce proof-of-keys event. 
Some of these platforms are exposed to price swings in crypto assets but are not fully backed by the corresponding assets. A sustained upward price movement puts them in a difficult situation where their reserves are underfunded. *Hopefully everyone can see they have a vested interest in dampening rapid upward price movement.* 
There needs to be clear advantages to on-chain bitcoin compared to paper bitcoin for this to change meaningfully. Right now for many investors paper bitcoin are superior. These platforms are FDIC insured, strongly mitigate counter party risk, offer dependable liquidity and abstract away custody of the assets, things that big players value greatly. Deeper integration of on-chain btc into emerging DeFi applications would certainly help close the gap but it's hard to see how the 21M cap can be anything but a marketing ploy these days. A ploy brilliantly exemplified by OP.
@_date: 2019-12-10 20:11:52
Yeah, shouting insults doesn't make you right, it just makes you look like an angry teenager.
Seems you trust centralized unauditable exchanges and trading platforms. They definitely CAN and DO take your fiat money, tell you you own bitcoin on their platform while not actually buying the fucking bitcoin. *Shocking, I know.* They hold a stash of bitcoin to transfer to customers when they request a withdrawal but that stash represents a fraction of the total coins "held" on the exchange, hence the term fractional reserve. Until withdrawn, the bitcoin you bought exist only on their platform, aka paper bitcoin inflating supply past the coded parameters. I (and many others) don't seem to find this very complicated yet here I am getting screamed at.
@_date: 2019-12-10 18:46:11
On chain bitcoin are limited to 21M by definition. Paper bitcoin have no such limitation, e.g. :
A centralized exchange holds X bitcoin in its fractional reserves.
The total btc balance of all its users is X+Y.
Y is the number of paper bitcoin "printed" since they cannot be found on chain yet customers have gained exposure to bitcoin through their purchase.
CME futures and Bakkt futures trade millions a day with not a btc in sight. That's also an inflation of the supply using paper btc. 
The 21M cap is moonboy bait. Big institutional investors can easily gain tons of exposure to btc price without buying a single real bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-10 17:59:29
A simple explanation for the insult-slinging u/DesignerAccount :
A centralized exchange holds X bitcoin in its fractional reserves.
The total btc balance of all its users is X+Y. 
Y is the number of paper bitcoin "printed" since they cannot be found on chain yet customers have gained exposure to bitcoin through their purchase. 
@_date: 2019-12-12 20:49:04
This is the sort of stuff that's needed to shift growth from the centralized exchanges and paper trading platforms to a more robust and decentralized ecosystem. Real on-chain bitcoin must be more useful than fake paper bitcoin for meaningful growth to occur. 
DeFi will be the growth catalyst in 2020 and 2021.