@_author: tastiebitcoin
@_date: 2014-01-09 04:20:56
I just had the same thing happen to me.. This is a real problem.. I dont know if cryptsy is stealing the coins themselves?? or somebody hacks into your account and steals them.. I just lost about $250 in various coins.. And their answer is .. too bad.. you have to do a better job of protecting your coins.. Which would not fly in any business model!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have my coins hosted on your site.. You are responsible to provide security for them .. This is one of the main reasons alot of people are hesitant on getting into crypto currency .. Shotty sites .. with shotty deposit methods.. Sites like Cryptsy who host probably close to a $Million dollars in peoples coins.. And is likely being run like some back room parlor game.. or by some tech kids .. with not business background or ethics.. I am telling you know I learned the hard way through this BS... I recommend to others you do not make the same mistake.. but trust me I will make sure as many people know about this situation as possible.. 
This was their reaction to me after doing a "Thorough Investigation" 
Hello Tastiebitcoin,
 2014-01-05 09:56:36. As for your account being hacked, I'm terribly sorry but there is nothing we can do for you as of now. You may find this information helpful for future reference.
1. Your machine is infected with Malware that is stealing your cryptsy and email passwords.
2. Your using some third party trade tool that is actually stealing your money (they exist)
3. You went to a fake cryptsy.com site and entered your information which they then used to take your coin. (also exist we are constantly getting them taken down)
4. Someone with direct access to your machine took your coin.
5. You use the same password on pools forums etc that you use on cryptsy and your email
What should you do now?
1. Change your passwords on both cryptsy and email to something different. Don't make them the same!
2. Scan your machine with more than one antivirus to check for malware of various flavors
3. Do not use untrusted third part trading tools (we do not certify any of them so currently there is no trusted one)
4. Report any addition information you find out about your issue so we can help inform other users of how better to protect themselves.
Simply Unexceptable!! 