@_author: tate9900
@_date: 2015-11-28 00:58:02
Condolences for your business not being successful, but it's obvious you're making the big bad Obama your scapegoat.
The reason the automotive industry and banks got the loans, was because a collapse of those businesses would have an additional negative effect to the already impending recession in those days. Those companies were bailed out strictly to ensure the economy didn't fall into a greater recession. The tactics worked and now instead of being in the one of the greatest recession cycles ever, to a sustained period of economic growth.
You think the government bailout was criminal? Actually in REALITY, if they knew about the state of the economy and did nothing to attempt to save it that would actually constitute as criminal.
If you actually have Obamacare and it's not subsidized, you make plenty of money and can buy whatever health care option you like. The affordable care act is just the first step to the US joining most civilized nations with free healthcare. The US doesn't do well with change, which is why the GOP has drones of zombies who spew their agenda of bashing Democrats instead of actually making worthwhile changes to the economy.
I never said we should be in the middle east. But letting any terrorist group get away with unprovoked attacks without responding is a sign of weakness.
@_date: 2015-11-27 23:28:51
Cash for clunkers was a success, that was an addition to the bailout of the automotive companies which was ALSO a great success. All the money from the bailout has been paid back with interest, our government actually made money out of it.
The bailout of the banks kept our economy from going into the greatest extended recession since the great depression. Another blaring successful endeavor. Unemployment is at it's lowest rate in decades, gas prices are as cheap as they were over a decade ago.
Obamacare has had unexpected problems, such as the rise in prices but also helped many that are under 26 by staying on parents insurance as well as stopping the insurance companies from denying dieing people coverage.
Killing kids with drone strikes? Would you prefer he sends troops to the middle east to kill the kids themselves and have another 3000 American troops die like Bush did?
 
@_date: 2015-11-27 23:40:25
Fairly sure the name of the company says it all..
Bulbul Investments LLC.
CoughcoughBULLSHITcough