@_author: tavelik
@_date: 2014-03-12 05:34:27
Haha, Well It not as if I  expect to have all my loans payed off by strangers, like I said I expect a little to go a long way in the coming years with what I consider to be an inevitable mainstreaming.  I figure if a guy can hold up a QR address behind a news anchor and get random donations for just being there that at least this is something that has a purpose.  That and I honestly don't know of anybody in the military that really has expressed any knowlege or interest in bitcoin so why not be one of the first to try and go public with my interest in it.  Once people see that all wakes of life can grasp the concept of Bitcoin, that it isn't something that only computer nerds and financiers can understand is when people we'll become more warm to it.  It's much like the early days of Email.  When it first came out everyone thought it was absurd and was completely buggy.  My Grandma uses it now, and I expect the same gradual public embrace to happen to Bitcoin. Fingers crossed.
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:42:00
Greetings fellow bitcoin enthusiasts, I am a Active Duty 
3rd Class Petty Officer in the United States Navy.  Before I 
enlisted 3 years ago I was an Art School Student who 
rather foolishly managed to accumulate over 
$120,000 dollars in Student Loan Debt, mostly private.
-Needless to say that upon graduating with a peice of paper
that had less value then toitel paper I foung myself in dire need
of a job so I figured that I should enlist while I was still young
to help stay on top of my payments.
-Despite many common misconceptions, the military DOES NOT
help pay off past Private Student Loan Debt from before 
enlisting.  The Navy Has been good to me but I do need more 
help.  Every payment I make doesnt even touch the principle
balance and with only another year left in my contract I have
many fears for my financial future with the current Job market.
-I Have been a bitcoin fan since early 2013, dabbled with mining
and I truly believe that the dollar value per bitcoin has and will
grow above and beyond previous highs as it becomes more and
more mainstream with the public.  That being said, I dont expect
to get donations at a current market value that will make a huge
dent in my loans, but as bitcoins value goes up over the long haul,
I think it very well might.
-I want to take the time to thank you all for any help you can 
provide.  I love the bitcoin community and it is exhilirating to 
partake in this exciting time for the currency,  Please feel free to
email any questions aside from my identity (for obvious reasons)
to my email at bitcoinsailor  I’ll be happy any 
questions I can.        Thanks Again Folks.