@_author: tax_at_throwaway
@_date: 2017-05-14 21:28:19
According to your metric, we must ask whether or not fees are currently too low. Do you think they are currently too low?
We should narrow the Opcodes if you think people are able to get too creative.
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:17:39
Well, the simple fix for this is to impose TOS restrictions. Presumably, if you are forbidden from exchanging the use of a game asset via contract then a gamer would have a darn good argument that they would have no ability to convert the game items into money, in a single step or a series of steps. If the game asset cannot be converted into money without violating contractual rights and duties then it would be harder for the US to impose reporting on such items. Though, if the the TOS exists solely as a CYA policy, then the contractual restrictions are less likely to exempt the digital game asset.
This will be an area of great future study and regulation when looking at control/beneficial ownership of smart contracts.
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:09:06
Well, assuming that you hold a beneficial interest in cars and not bitcoins at the time of entry, you would be correct, as you cannot control what is not even being held by your directly or indirectly. Currently, ownership of cars is not reportable, nor does the current legislation target those who funnel their net-worth into cars.
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:21:09
The six year statute of limitations that applies to criminal tax fraud is tolled for any period of time that you are outside the U.S.! Furthermore, civil tax fraud does not have an applicable statute of limitations.
@_date: 2017-06-27 01:42:58




I like your logic. However, the claim of right doctrine could be extended to digital game assets. 
via wikipedia
"The claim of right doctrine, as it dictates whether the "right" to the income subject to a contingency that may take the income away is taxable in the US, originated in the North American Oil Consolidated v. Burnet decision.[1] This court decision said that a taxpayer's income subject to a contingency that may take away the income but a taxpayer who receives it "without restriction as to its disposition...has received income" which the taxpayer "is required to [report]", even though the taxpayer "may still be adjudged liable to restore" it. In other words, A taxpayer must report the receipt of income for the time that she or he has control over it."
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:30:03
This is likely a foot in the door policy. Currently there is FATCA reporting. Soon enough there will be digital holdings reporting that will be necessary as part of our annual reporting obligation. Penalty for failing to report your holdings over X amount of dollars, simple, ordinary income taxation with a deemed basis of 0.
The gift tax is a backstop to the estate tax. And the digital asset holding reports will be a backstop to the income tax. 
@_date: 2017-06-16 09:46:04
If you purchase the game asset with a digital currency the answer is yes, you would have a recognition event. More so if the digital currency is traded on an exchange for fiat currency or some other readily tradable commodity (or digital currency). 
Arguably, if the digital game asset is acquired through random number generation or as a reward for progress or for in-game-gold, you may have an arguable basis that you don't own the digital game asset, as you don't have dominion and control over the digital game asset, it is retained by the developer. However, once you exchange a digital game asset for USD or some other readily tradable commodity (such as bitcoin), an undeniable taxable recognition event would occur. 
@_date: 2017-06-29 01:52:58
Similar to the gift tax. Most gifts are not reported. I have never seen "wedding" listed on a gift tax return.
@_date: 2017-06-16 10:04:48
Well no legislation has passed yet, as of now, the answer is no. 
Assuming some legislation does pass, the answer is, MAYBE. If your Zelda rupees or Runescape gold become readily tradable for a currency (USD, EURO, etc.) or some other item (such as a commodity, i.e. a digital currency like bitcoin) that can then be traded for currency, then the answer is that it might be or become reportable. The further you abstract from a fiat currency, the harder it will be for that or similar legislation to impose reporting burdens.
@_date: 2017-06-15 04:01:54
Defin. off topic, but I believe you are missing one critical factor in your analysis. One rich guy can contribute a lot more to a campaign's slush fund than ten (10) low-income individuals. Though in the case at issue, it is unlikely that a person seeking to avoid US taxation would have the foresight and fortitude to navigate the slushy waters of the DC lobbying circuit. Those ten poor people would likely punish a rep that seeked to promote legislation that would lessen the harshness of the tax regime that applies to citizens seeking a revocation of their status. 
Oh who am I kidding, do poor people even vote? Yes, but not consistently.
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:44:11
BIP148 is an attempt to let "users" who ever such persons are, overrule the law of miners. 
Miner law has been treated as a given, since the white paper alluded to it, as it uses economic incentive to ensure that the correct game theory strategy is chosen by the nodes (miners). It ensures that the miners have aligned incentives. That there is no economic conflict of interest -&gt; to benefit the longterm future of bitcoin.
BIP148 supporters are one of two types: (1) true believers and (2) dishonest participants. Dishonest participants understand that BIP148 is damaging to the longterm (and possibly shorterm future of bitcoin) and such persons are using that as a hedge to short bitcoin and generate profits. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:07:31
I'll give you an up vote for your attempt at creativity. However, many taxpayers before you have attempted similar "gift-labeling" to evade enforcement of various Titles of the United States Code. The simple-fact is, if there is an implied or understood agreement, then the transaction will not be treated as a gift.
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:13:23
There are several examples of the U.S. denying visa entry to ex-citizens. One case, in particular, comes to mind where an expat obtained a visa to visit his family and attend a funeral (in Florida). The visa was initially granted, then summarily denied.
If my memory is correct, I believe the individual in question attempted to obtain a court hearing regarding his denial, but the case was dismissed due to lack of standing. 
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:36:34
Personally, I like Ver's bitcoin related politics, but I cannot and do not respect someone that renounces his citizenship to avoid civil duty. It is a parasitical relationship. The U.S. does not revoke citizenship as a consequence of too little income (though it arguably does in relation to permanent residence status under certain scenarios). Enough people share this mindset to effectively punish those who proceed anyways with the process.
@_date: 2017-06-20 09:45:41
I believe your focusing on the random number generation aspect of my post. That was meant as a descriptive explanation of how one acquires many in game digital assets, it was not intended to be used as a criterion that you would use to determine the taxability of an acquisition of a digital game asset.
Arguably, if the item can be traded for real money at any time, then per the definition of income (for US income tax purposes), you have had an accession of wealth.
Whether that gain is currently realizable and recognizable are two more questions that would need to be answered.
@_date: 2017-06-15 03:23:31
I would not want to be one of the largest ICOs right now.... the hammer will come down, and it will come down on the very largest of them all first.
Mark my words, at minimum, there will be civil asset forfeitures. At worst, significant time behind bars, but most likely instant felon status and probation.
Butterin's statements about not serving as an adviser for future ICOs facially appears to be a statement that he won't promote any ICOs for fear that his outsized reputation and leadership role will unduly influence the financial outcome. In reality, its his lawyer telling him to GTFO with any public statements concerning ICOs.