@_author: tax_att_throwaway
@_date: 2017-09-06 03:33:11
It is extremely unlikely that Hal Finney is SN. Or restated, it is extremely unlikely that Hal's contributions to bitcoin constitute the SN that is generally assumed to own 1M bitcoins. How do I know this you ask? Well principles of U.S. taxation, psychological incentive, and general willingness to follow the law provide the answer.
First, assume that Hal Finney is SN. This means that at some point he held 1M bitcoins (estimate). It is unlikely that that he transferred these coins to his wife prior to 2011 (3 year look back period for gift transfers). This means that his gross estate would need to include approx. 1M x $509/coin (August 28, 2014 value). This would mean that his gross estate would be in excess of $509 million on his date of death. Theoretically, his will &amp; or trust could direct that all of his estate pass to his wife. This would permit a deduction equal to the amount passing to his wife. However, this would then cause, based on today's values, 4.5 billion to be included in her gross estate (if she were to die when 1BTC=4500USD). It is highly unlikely that someone with an estate value of 509 million to 4.5 billion (in USD) would not seek legal counsel and obtain some form of tax planning. This tax planning would with all probability require liquidation of some of those initial coins as it is unlikely that Hal's spouse would be able to obtain sufficient loans at fair interest rates to avoid liquidating a portion of the holdings to pay gift tax necessary to mitigate the future estate tax bill.
The following arguments are probable: (1) Hal intended and desired to evade paying U.S. tax; (2) his wife and family conspired to avoid/evade paying U.S. tax; and/or (3) his will/trust has stipulation that his coins not be liquidated for X number of years.
Scenario 3 is unlikely because this would cause his spouse to receive a non present interest which would cause the bitcoin holdings to be presently taxable, thus after the estate tax exemption his taxable estate would be at least $504 M. At an effective tax rate of 40% his estate would need to cough up $201.6 M to the U.S. government. Perhaps, Hal encrypted the keys in some type of time lock, yes, this is a possibility, and perhaps the estate has been able to convince the IRS to grant 1 year extensions of payment, but this is unlikely as this could create significant hardship for his spouse and I don't believe a man of Hal's character would put the welfare of his family above his desire to defer estate tax, which could potentially create a much larger burden for his family.
Scenario 2 and 1. I'm sure Hal's family members are outstanding individuals, but even if they weren't, conspiring to commit criminal tax evasion coupled with the family needing to be willing to damage Hal's legacy is incredibly unlikely in my opinion. It would also require complete unity of the family when 500M-4B+ is at stake, an unlikely occurrence in my experience.