@_author: taxonomicnomenclatur
@_date: 2018-01-18 05:40:16
Say you had a home loan in bitcoin. If it were deflationary, your principal owed would keep growing. Contrast that to debt in dollars, where your debt principal shrinks over time. So in this common case, dollars have an advantage for the borrower. And also possibly the lender, as potential borrowers may not want to borrow under deflationary circumstances. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:19:12
Which isn’t a problem since it’s designed for exchange and not as an investment. 
@_date: 2018-01-14 18:44:00
Isn’t that the definition of inflation?
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:49:38
If they are saving dollars and not stocks/bonds they need to see an investment advisor stat. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 04:37:43
This is a pretty terrible idea. I can see the headlines: “Highway project cancelled midway due to fluctuations in bitcoin” or “bitcoin price crash when Toronto redeems bitcoins for fiat” etc
@_date: 2018-01-23 22:36:54
I mean, why did Bernie Madoff steal billions when he had legit successful businesses and was respected by the investment community? He had everything to lose.  Yet he stole...
@_date: 2018-01-21 22:17:15
@_date: 2018-01-14 18:42:00
This is why you keep most of your assets in investments.  Not dollars.  This is a time-tested way of preserving and growing your holdings. Any novice investment manager can tell you straight up dollars will erode in value over time. 
@_date: 2018-01-27 10:03:11
If you do use coinbase you can transfer your coins to GDAX and withdrawal for free. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 04:31:59
Its value against other currencies.  Not the value of goods someone can buy in the United States with dollars. Big difference. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 08:23:06
Sign up for Cobra immediately. At the hospital explain what is going on. As long as you have signed up before the end of the sixty day period you will be covered from day one. There of course may be confusion and you may have to put some effort into resolving billing errors but in the end you should be covered. You may see some changes in the terms and premium of your insurance but the important thing is that no matter what changes it will save you way more money than going uninsured. You may get new insurance cards until your new job insurance takes over. 
You sound like you are sold on getting coverage but for those out there that would rather go uninsured: medical providers usually charge astronomically higher rates for services if you are uninsured. Any complications can bankrupt you. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 02:58:50
You are right - there is a way to obtain 3.5%-4.5% interest a year. Invest your money in a Vanguard ETF or any other number of ETFs that cover stocks and bonds. You will get the interest. The cost? Variability over a time scale. If you want less risk and more guaranteed gains over a short time period, stick with bonds. Do you want 100% assurance that the nominal value of your money will stay constant? Then use fiat in a bank. Have a problem with them making money by taking on the risk that you don’t want to take? Withdrawal the money and put it under your bed, in a safe, or underground. Now you take on the risk of keeping itself. What does that cost you?
Crypto doesn’t come without a cost. Look at the stories of lost wallets and misdirected coins. Failed exchanges. Closed bank accounts. How much time and effort do you put into protecting your crypto that you otherwise would not have to worry about with a bank?
And let’s remember that any reasonable person with a modicum of investment knowledge is not keeping the majority of their net worth in fiat. They are keeping them in stocks and bonds, or other assets like their home, cars or land. Which are like bitcoin and gold, except that you own equity and a company or someone’s liability, or you can live in your house and drive your car. 
If companies are failing and their value is dropping to zero, and fiat along with it, then crypto is not going to save you in such an economy. There will be nothing to buy with it, unless perhaps you are using crypto to whisk your assets to another country where the economy hasn’t tanked. 
@_date: 2018-01-28 05:31:16
That’s great, but who is going to get paid for securing all the wallets that the average person would lose or otherwise get scammed?  These companies. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 06:56:48
Out of sincere curiosity for someone just learning about lightning: what are the lies in this video? And what parts are true?
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:49:05
I don’t know what you mean by that. 
@_date: 2018-01-25 08:30:42
Wouldn’t it make sense to value BTC by what can be bought directly with BTC rather than how much fiat one can get for a BTC? If the intent is to use bitcoin for transactions then why is there all this talk of HODL when there should be talk of spend BTC directly for goods and services!?
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:26:49
Except that the federal government will only take dollars for taxes, and spend only dollars to buy things (including labor). People can’t avoid taxes and businesses and federal and state employees aren’t going to turn down trillions of dollars just for the sake of crypto. 
Same with every other government in the world. 
@_date: 2018-01-02 07:58:31
“You have 60 days after you lose your benefits to elect to pay for COBRA coverage. However, even if you enroll on Day 60, your coverage is retroactive to Day 1. Of course, you'll have to pay the retroactive premiums for that period.”
That’s probably a lot cheaper than paying medical bills at uninsured prices. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 07:00:29
Sure, let’s say you want to keep your own crypto wallet. You have a cost to pay in terms of security (don’t lose the wallet or get hacked) and transactions (don’t mistakenly send to wrong address or have someone scam you). Banks provide and pay for protections for fiat by loaning out your cash. There’s nothing to stop exchanges or other entrepreneurs from opening crypto banks from lending out some portion of their balances. This is undoubtably already occurring with margin trading. 
On some abstract level, crypto cash and fiat cash are similar, except that central banks can create and destroy fiat. However, people and businesses attempt to keep fiat on hand to a minimum and invest the fiat. So the impact of inflation due to an increase in the fiat supply is mitigated by investments in say, ETFs or one’s car or home. But crypto has its own issues with a fixed supply, including to but not limited to possible deflation. 
Crypto has potential. But compared to fiat, it’s currently riskier to hold in terms of the cost of keeping the asset safe. It’s currently (but possibly not forever) useless as a currency as the value is not stable. If you want to stay on the right side of the law, in pretty much every nation in the world you must pay taxes in fiat. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 04:47:16
True, imports become more expensive, but exports to other countries become cheaper which can make products from the US more appealing to other nations. There are benefits and drawbacks to fluctuations of currency value either direction against other currencies.  On the other hand, it seems fairly well established that low inflation rates for a currency are good for an economy, and high inflation rates or deflation is terrible. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 22:14:46
Wait why would I spend Bitcoin if it’s deflationary? I’d just hoard it as long as possible. Think of all those people that bought stuff with BTC years ago that would have several hundred thousand dollars now. 
@_date: 2019-07-29 01:33:20
The Fed already undergoes comprehensive audits on a regular basis. She was opposed to a bill called “Audit the Fed”, which was an attempt to exert political influence over Fed decision-making.
@_date: 2019-07-29 01:44:06
If you spent $100 USD to get $132 CAD, and then the value of the $132 CAD becomes $132 USD and you convert it to USD, you owe taxes on the gains. It’s a currency trade.
@_date: 2017-12-30 18:28:56
Coinbase will indeed let you raise your withdrawal limits if you have the assets and justification. 
@_date: 2019-11-20 00:10:12
Well now I know the book is accurate!
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:06:40
Given your reasoning we should just trust anyone to provide a service regardless of whether or not they follow established procedures for establishing trust. 
So I have a great financial deal for you. It may sound like a scam, but I can provide you with documentation that is at least as trustworthy as Tether’s. 
So c’mon, let’s deal. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:40:00
Lets assume what you just said is true. The report says nothing about liabilities. In fact, it goes out of the way to point out it only is reporting on bank account balances. 
Tether could have just borrowed a bunch of dollars and then paid it back to make the amounts match up. It’s like if I took out a consumer loan and then used it as the down payment for a house. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 20:47:00
I’m 90% sure you’re a troll but I’m enjoying this for some reason. 
But they only need to off by a bit to be in serious trouble. If they were missing only a few percent of assets that would be a serious problem and indicative of fraud. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:21:12
When you hire a lawyer to represent you, you are hiring someone to put you in the best possible light without them breaking any laws. In fact, they are ethically bound to do so to a certain extent if they agree to represent someone. 
When you hire an auditor to represent you, you are hiring someone to shine a spotlight on your operations, critically analyzing you and producing a report. 
If a lawyer puts out a report on Tether, and Tether fails due to fraud, the effect on the law firm is neutral to good, because they legally successfully represented their client despite underlying fraud. Others will seek out their services. 
If an auditor puts out a report on Tether, and Tether fails due to fraud, their reputation is tarnished. 
In other words:
The lawyers have incentive to stretch the truth so far that it is either meaningless or substantially a lie. 
The auditors on the other hand have incentive to tell the truth about what’s really going on. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 22:40:19
Here’s a thorough academic paper on how Tether could be and is likely bamboozling everyone:
Consider that Bernie Madoff had successful legitimate businesses yet he still decided to commit fraud. Reputable people publicly denounced him with solid reasoning yet people still believed him. The fraud was on the order of billions. 
If Tether was legit it could have taken some simple steps (i.e. hire a reputable auditor and provide a convincing public report) to assuage any worries about the company. With ostensibly over $2 billion in assets it should have millions from interest alone. A fraction of that could hire a professional team to audit the company. 
You can find annual reports for public companies online that are smaller than Tether in assets. You’ll discover that not only are they more comprehensive than anything Tether has produced but they often contain statements indicating that the company could fail/go out of business/have a business under certain situations. 
The fact that Tether has produced no comprehensive report about their status means they are either grossly incompetent or fraudulent. 
One would think if people are going to invest their money in something like Tether that they would put the burden of proof on the organization to prove that they are operating as they say they are, rather than take them at face value and demand others prove they are lying. 
@_date: 2018-06-26 19:42:46
Ummm read the report. The lawyers go out of the way to say that they are talking about bank balances only. They weren’t asked to report on liabilities. 
@_date: 2019-08-28 23:42:01
Unless you bought at over $10k
@_date: 2018-06-26 18:57:03
I have some real estate in Florida for cheap that I’d love to sell you. I bought it years ago for next to nothing. It’s worth $1 million but I’m willing to give it to you for $50k in BTC to promote bitcoin. Want a BTC address to send to? As soon as I get the money I’ll Fedex the evidence of deed transfer. 
You don’t want to pass this up. Don’t trust me? I’ll send you an “audit”. 
@_date: 2018-06-27 00:13:46
How do we determine the opportune time?
@_date: 2019-06-09 18:46:15
Is the gambling legal in your jurisdiction and/or the jurisdiction where the gambling occurs? And if so, why is BTC easier than dollars? I'm highly skeptical of BTC but I'm genuinely interested in your use case. Edit: typo
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:09:53
Happy to chat! I recommend trying to dig into what exactly your local and federal governments actually do. The news usually focuses on the negative with respect to that. For example, if the EPA strengthens pollution laws, one usually hears “they aren’t strong enough!” Or “this will be terrible for business!” If the EPA goes the opposite way it’s “they are still too strict!” or “the EPA has sold out to big business!”
The truth is that there is one huge failing of government - to promote awareness of what it actually does. And what it does is fill in the vacuum where capitalism in its most primitive form fails. 
This is a political book, which depending on your political views will interest you or irritate you, but read “The Fifth Risk” by Michael Lewis. It’s a good start to realizing that clean food and water, loans to entrepreneurs, safe transport, and just a million other little things that we all take for granted to give us our modern conveniences, are all provided by government when private individuals or corporations would be unable to.
@_date: 2019-06-10 01:39:37
I can appreciate this as I used to play online poker before and after the US started to crack down. It was a real pain to fund and it sounds like you probably have way more experience than me in that field. 
So how does this make me feel about bitcoin? Operationally: I have more crypto experience than most (not with gambling - all clearly legal stuff) and my biggest takeaway was how nerve-wracking and cumbersome it was to handle medium to large sums of money. It was annoying to get fiat in and annoying to get fiat out. As much as gambling sites of the past were frustrating for not being able to use any of my bank or card info, there were numerous roadblocks I experienced with crypto that were in many ways more challenging than dealing with finding a way to fund a gambling site. 
On a philosophical level: I think that Bitcoin is a partial solution to problems that are better handled by policy changes. The use cases for Bitcoin, good or bad, moral or not, are to work around the traditional banking system. But the traditional banking system, in the vast majority of cases, works way better than bitcoin. 
I don't buy the libertarian ideas that Bitcoin is a good way to somehow protect liberty or fairness or whatever. The best way to protect liberty is to be heavily involved in the democratic process and push for appropriate policy. And for all the bad that Western governments may have done, there are a million good things that more than balance out the scales. But even if one disagrees with that statement, again, push for change the right way. 
A final note: the more money that flows into Bitcoin, the harder it will be to get money into Bitcoin and still take part in gray/illegal activity as governments will control banks in the same way they did with gambling. 
I find your case interesting and it makes sense to me as a genuine use for bitcoin. I'm sympathetic as well. However, I don't think Bitcoin is going to scale to anything beyond the gray/illegal areas. It has yet to be a real economic force compared to fraud in the traditional banking world. But if it ever does, be sure that the crackdown will come. 
There are also a host of technical problems that will keep crypto as we know it from scaling but that's a whole other post.
Edit: typo
@_date: 2019-12-06 21:24:13
There are two problems in security that have nothing to do with bitcoin. 
1. Making a system secure enough to deter attackers, knowing that no system is foolproof and cannot stop all attacks. 
2. Making a system easy enough to use that users don’t lock themselves out or lose their data. 
Enterprise security, particularly when it has to do with critical infrastructure, typically has multiple layers of protection and there are well-documented run books to handle a multitude of scenarios when things go awry. There’s also the assumption that a hacker has already gained access to at least some portion of the system at any given time. 
If an adversary of sufficient experience finds out that you have enough money in a wallet, they will find ways to steal it, technically or otherwise. In fact, a large proportion of hacks are mostly social engineering. Or using force, as seen by people held at gunpoint and forced to give up their money. 
And then there are all the mistakes people make that compromise their system. I laugh at all the replies on her telling me that they’re not stupid enough to make mistakes like other people. Well, let me tell you, these are usually the people who make more mistakes. 
But *shrug* they want to be their own bank. They can do whatever they want. There’s a reason that fiat banks have vaults storing cash and armored vehicles moving money around. And those are just the more visible protections.
@_date: 2019-06-10 18:33:22
Already read it, read Flash Boys!
@_date: 2019-12-06 23:00:57
It has nothing to do with bitcoin, or using a realtor. You could do what you're describing with a wire transfer. Incidentally, people get ripped off over real estate transactions like this with wire transfers all the time.
This has everything to do with trying to explain to you that real estate is complicated, and the fact that you happened to get lucky ignoring the norms doesn't mean that it's a prudent path to take.
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:24:14
There have been many cases when people have accidentally left important documents laying around in insecure places. An extreme example would be when Jimmy Carter accidentally sent the US nuclear launch codes to the dry cleaner. Not a joke, google it!
Someone might think “oh, I’ll play with bitcoin and I’ll store $100 worth in a wallet.”  They put their seed words aside thinking that they’re not important, but maybe their kid picks them up and puts them in a backpack, or the user leaves them in a jacket pocket they forget at a hotel. 
Next year they have $100,000 in the same wallet and don’t even realize they’d been compromised a long time ago.
@_date: 2019-12-04 03:27:51
Did your bank give you a permanent block or did they merely mark it as suspicious and want a confirmation from you that the transaction was legit?
My bank has occasionally flagged local purchases at point of sale. A simple call clears things up in a minute or two. Sometimes I can just confirm via text. It usually happens if I’ve been traveling quite a bit and I make large purchases along the way.
@_date: 2019-12-06 02:36:33
Have you ever been involved in a lawsuit?
Here’s how this could go. I sign this contract. You put the house in my name. Ok good. 
Now, how do we transfer the BTC? On my computer? Ok maybe I type in your bitcoin address and it shows your address but sends it to another wallet because I modified the wallet software. Maybe somehow we genuinely lose the money to some other error. 
Well, now I have your house, regardless of if you have the money? Are you going to sue me? Good luck! The laws are drastically different in every jurisdiction and you’ll need to pay a lawyer to figure it out. Maybe you can get a quick injunction of some sort, maybe not. Maybe I sell the house while you are still reeling from a transaction gone bad. 
Did you have a lawyer draft the contract? Is it notarized? Any witnesses? Can you prove in a court of law that I actually stole anything from you?
Let’s say you actually had witnesses and notarization and all that goodness. I can still move quickly and get my family in and make it a nightmare for you to kick us out. Maybe you win a judgement. Do you think that a judge waves a wand and transfers the contents of my bank account to you? Nope - I can make that hell for you too. I could transfer the money out, spend it. I could move it to another country and flee. 
If I have good lawyers I might be able to string this out in court for years. 
The whole reason you hire specialists to handle these transactions is to avoid these scenarios.
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:44:41
Who is doing the escrow?
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:18:25
Definitely. It’s even better when the signatories use different schemes for storing their keys.
@_date: 2019-12-06 02:12:36
I mean, yeah, I’ve driven a few miles without a seatbelt once or twice in my life and survived. Doesn’t mean it’s safe to do so. 
Google around for real estate horror stories and there are any number of non-obvious ways you can get burned - big time - when it comes to deal where you don’t have a lawyer or real estate agent involved. 
Just thinking about title insurance: you could be in your home for a decade and someone comes around knocking and claiming that they own the home because the previous owner didn’t actually have the right to sell it and they weren’t informed (or insert any number of reasons here)
The idea that a non-specialist would make a huge purchase like this - especially if it’s a primary residence - and not pay a few percentage points for the piece of mind they won’t be homeless and broke down the line ... sounds a little crazy to me.
@_date: 2019-12-05 22:11:46
There’s nothing wrong with it per se but like any scheme there are weaknesses. One risk is that the initial wallet generation or the hardware was somehow compromised and in that case saving the seed words is not going to bring back funds. 
Another risk is that putting your seed words in multiple places makes it more likely that someone will steal your seed words. 
Again, nothing wrong with hardware wallets but there are risks, as evidenced by the numerous people who lose their funds. 
It’s important to remember that with security you have to assign risk to all steps of the process and then work out the probabilities. For instance, what’s the chance I will get a compromised hardware device. What’s the risk that I copy the seed words incorrectly. What’s the risk my house burns down and my bank misplaced my safe deposit box with my other seed word copy. 
A common mistake in security is to assume that one knows how to execute all steps in a security scheme perfectly. The reality is that nobody - no matter how security-aware - is impervious to making mistakes or not anticipating unforeseen circumstances not handled by the security scheme. 
This is why we still have decade-old security vulnerabilities in popular software packages that have been audited many times by many people over many years.
@_date: 2019-05-09 00:34:18
This has nothing to do with marriage. You help make a baby and you're on the line for 18 years of maintenance costs.
@_date: 2018-12-12 04:15:49
I dunno, losing your wallet, having your wallet hacked, accidentally sending funds to wrong wallet, having an internet connection to do transactions, having the software and hardware to do transactions, the time to do all this stuff when you could be working, exchange rate fluctuations. You could probably pay a company to handle this stuff for you but then you are right back where you started in terms of fees. 
@_date: 2018-12-12 05:10:46
The fees exist because there is human capital and hardware required to configure and run a terminal capable of safely transmitting payment over a particular system.  This includes Bitcoin. There will always be fees, even if Lightning is successful, because the average person is not going to be able to understand the intricacies and consequences of using Bitcoin/Lightning instead of Visa.
EDIT: grammar 