@_author: taylortylertailor
@_date: 2019-03-09 07:14:33
 
Julian Assange hates CSW. Has done since the cypher punks days. Biased attacks only. Not a CSW fan myself but just facts the audience should know.
All this press iom the battle between the two guys is wasted air IMO
@_date: 2019-03-20 04:48:51
Just checked out the Samsung article: "But what do you do about your private keys if you lose your phone? According to the T&amp;Cs, the private keys stored in the S10’s Keystore are backed up in a personal account provided by Samsung. If the phone is lost or stolen, users can access the device and delete the private key through its Find My Mobile service. Further, if a private key is accidentally deleted, users can restore it via the service.
Centralizing key storage in this way is bound to raise questions about security and it remains to be seen what would happen if someone gained access to your Find My Mobile service and if Samsung might provide further protections." Also, Today is a busy day for me as I am on the quest to find a good exchange that has a beginner mode such as [this]( I am also trying to figure out the cons and pros of every upcoming exchange.
@_date: 2019-03-13 13:59:24
Except it's not; privacy is something you take, not something that can be given to you. You don't have to trust coinbase. It's fair game for them to buy a company that deanonymized monero, and will catch all the suckers who bought into alts like monero.
You can still have privacy in bitcoin if you choose to tumble, and there is nothing they can do about it. Got to go now as I am on the quest to find a good [casino]( site. I am trying to figure out the cons and pros of every site.
@_date: 2019-03-09 13:52:08
Not going hunting around to prove anything if people don't already do their own homework but did find this quick tweet someone put out with one of the "spats" between the two in 1996 on the cypherpunks mailing list.
Anyway, I am off, I gotta research about exchanges. I am trying to find the upcoming best [exchanges]( right now.
@_date: 2019-03-29 12:10:18
Hmmm, but I think someone is buying those dumped BTC's you know? and over time there are automatically more of those buyers who don't play the futures games and rather hodl, so over time the strategy your described doesn't work anymore, because there is not enough BTC to buy for lower prices, the price increases over time, inevitably. Also, today is a busy day for me as I am on the quest to find a great crypto [casino]( which offers multiple traditional table games and slots plus they also offer fantastic five- and six-figure Bitcoin prizes. I am trying to figure out the cons and pros of every site.
@_date: 2019-03-13 14:20:22
I don't know about legally binding, but if Brock is making a cash grab it's not due to some weaselly words he's using to pull a fast one, he's explicitly lying. Right now, I am researching for the best online [casino]( but maybe he's just telling us all bald-faced lies, I don't know, but I don't really care if there is no mechanism for him to take any assets.
@_date: 2019-03-14 14:59:00
 
it is not crap. did u fomo BTMX already.
@_date: 2019-03-13 06:57:42
This is good for Bitcoin. If it passes, any crypto business that registers with that office can claim to be safe because it’s regulated and subject to oversight. (Sort of like how exchanges often advertise that they’re overseen by FinCEN).   
I'm in the middle of my research for the best online [casino]( but obviously, the overtly criminal crypto people won’t like this, but the covertly criminal ones should love it since they have a new marketing buzz word.
@_date: 2019-03-29 12:00:18
 How can futures control the price if futures have nothing to do with crypto itself? They dont buy or sell crypto asset. Just speculate on price. 
@_date: 2019-03-13 06:49:14
A million and a half Bolivars is only $1.50. When you make your currency worth less and less, soon it becomes worthless. But it's OK. They are totally out of toilet paper. Got to go now as I am on the quest to find a good [exchange]( I am trying to figure out the cons and pros of every upcoming exchange.
@_date: 2019-03-20 13:36:14
Hmm, I agree on your point  but at some point this will blow up. Not your keys, not your bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-03-01 16:19:20
Hmm, From what I know, They are planning to 100% support the ability to export accounts if a person wants to move their account from Zokos. If you would like to delete your account for any reason right now they will be able to provide users with their mnemonic and OB files. The only thing they will not be able to do right now is provide a SQLite DB which would make importing as easy as copy and pasting the files on to a new node. I'm in the middle of my [trading]( session, but they will have that ready before I do an official release.
@_date: 2019-03-13 13:06:24
  
This isn't the best time for me to comment since I am still researching about online [casino]( right now but I hate this graph, it makes it look like bitcoin is close to master card despite it being an order of magnitude higher
@_date: 2019-03-13 06:54:22
 
This sounds like FUD to me. I'm not supporting Brock or GoxRising, I'm not sure what their motives are and I don't think they have much to offer, but this just sounds like paranoia.
The first problem with this supposed plan is that in CR shareholders won't get anything and don't have a vote--so it doesn't matter who owns Gox. There's no excess and no money going to any shareholders.
The second problem is that Brock Pierce is not playing slippery with language by just saying "he will 'pay back' users". He might be lying, but has been very explicit that even if he owns Gox, he won't make any claim on it's assets now or any future recoveries.
@_date: 2019-03-09 13:36:04
I am a huge fan of Coinomi, but if this is not seriously addressed to the extent of fraud and racketeering if need be, I'm finished with them. Before panicking, there are suggestions in tweets that this focuses for now on restoring wallets in desktop application and requires collusion by Google. Anyway, I am off, I gotta research about trading [bot]( I am trying to find the best trading bot right now.
@_date: 2019-03-05 06:25:18
I don’t care what he says. The moment a coin of satoshi moves at his call, then I’ll believe.
Of all people he should know what trust less means and claiming he is satoshi without proof makes me believe just based on that, that he is not satoshi. Of all people, he should know what people can and cannot trust.
Just like Jesus. You’re telling me that he spoke to one guy up. Right now, I am [playing]( but are we supposed to believe him? and why we should believe in him?
@_date: 2019-03-14 08:19:58
Although exchange charges transactions fee to sustain its business.
We see the evolution of 3 generation of exchanges within a short period for 2-3 years.
We can think of the first generation of exchanges as operators such as Binance. These are large and successful operations that take a straightforward cut from transactions as trading fees. As the crypto market matured and developed, we saw the rise of 2nd generation exchanges. Think of Fcoin: such exchanges, realizing that trading can be incentivized in new and different ways, allowed users to save on trading fees by using special trading tokens issued by the exchange itself, and by allowing users to mine platform-specific tokens which could then be used to pay transaction fees.
Seeing the opportunity to provide a never-before-seen level of customer focus, however, BitMax.io was launched as the first truly 3rd generation cryptocurrency exchange that built upon the strengths of previous exchange models and added services never before seen in this space. Right now, I am researching for the best online [casino]( but the third-generation exchange, BitMax.io, has officially started mining and reverse-mining on Nov 18.
@_date: 2019-02-19 12:38:03
Hmm, That is the correct tense to talk about the technology in general though like for example “I think that blockchain has the potential to revolutionize accounting transparency” Got to go as my [game]( just finished its loading.
@_date: 2019-02-25 15:30:35
I don't think there will be any economic activity on Mars. So it's a rather pointless question to me. Anyway, I'm off, gotta [play]( now.
@_date: 2019-02-19 07:29:16
Man, I hate this "the blockchain" thing. It's not the internet. It's a blockchain. All blockchains are more or less totally independent and contain no inherent linkage or relevant to one another.
@_date: 2019-02-25 15:04:01
Please don't get me wrong, I love btc but I don't think this would happen. I think there's very little percentage of people who believe in this. 
@_date: 2019-04-20 08:27:21
No, it's not. Bitcoin is not a pretend shiny useless digital rock that has no value or utility. Bitcoin is peer to peer electronic cash. If it’s not a payment system, and eventually a world currency, it’s not anything. Also, I am currently trading at the ideal platform called [Bittreo]( which offer discounts on fees for OTC trades such as 20 percent off our OTC fee for the first time a client buys or sells. In this way, I would have to pay fee less and I’ll earn more money. Going back, I think this digital gold narrative needs to stop. Except, maybe, as an adjunct metaphor for those who are fans of gold because it’s separate from the standard financial system. But nobody needs or wants an electronic rock/paperweight.
@_date: 2019-04-23 13:19:12
I am not sure why people trust any politician to define rules for our crypto investments. Basically his goals are define rules, regulations, and taxes.  Also, I am trading at the star platform called [Bittreo]( which offers the highest paying referral for OTC services in the industry. 25% of the profit from the referral will go to the referrer. I think other exchanges will find it hard to match these offers. Going back, I think these offer have no idea whether we will pay more taxes, be more burdened, or anything. Just "clarify"
@_date: 2019-04-17 07:50:21
Hmmm, I think that the word "cryptocurrency" needs to die. Every modern currency when stored in digital form should be encrypted via cryptography making it a cryptocurrency. What we really care is about immutable, decentralized, permissionless, and hard currency of which there is only ONE: Bitcoin. The others are plagued by governance and control.
It's not interesting if everyone is paying lunch with their "cryptocurrency" called Facebook-coin or Apple-coin. I understand that cryptocurrency used to mean all Bitcoin-like currencies, but today, the alts have become so desperate that it's impossible to categorize them in the same group as Bitcoin.Also, today is an awesome day for me as all of in my portfolio is green today; I am thinking selling some of it in this awe-inspiring trading [platform]( I just love it since you can buy and sell in person at a branch, by phone with our trading desk and online through our exchange such as Bittreo. I find this very convenient as there are a lot of ways for me to invest in crypto. Going back, I know there are some exceptions to this, and some projects are at least in principle trying to be decentralized, but only Bitcoin is secured by the proof-of-work and headless manifestation that is eons ahead of everyone else.
@_date: 2019-04-03 13:52:48
Is this possible?
@_date: 2019-04-09 04:53:03
While paper money may be going away, it isn't going to be in favor of crypto. There will never be mass adoption until there are user-friendly tax laws. I'm actually in the middle of my research for the best trading [platform]( which has never gone through any scrutiny, scams, or hacks and is recognized by governments and countries around the world to be a true leader in the industry like Bittreo. I think this separates this platform from the vast majority of exchanges out there. Going back, you make thousands of transactions over the course of the year and if you think Joe America is going to sit down around tax time and reconcile each and every purchase, the cost of the coin he used during purchase and the like -- I've got some tron to sell you. Until crypto can be used as paper money, it's going to remain niche.
@_date: 2019-04-03 08:50:03


Good headline but kind of meaningless. Just paying a middle man to act as an exchange+payment processor combo where people sell their crypto for cad. Probably high fees too.


I think that what would actually be signalling that "they're innovative and ready for the future" is if they didn't convert the cryptocurrency and instead started using it for transactions, by integrating it into stores in the city, setting up smart contracts for parking fees, paying some salaries to people with crypto that want it, etc. Start transitioning away from banks and credit card companies that charge percent fees and take days or weeks to settle transactions. Start transitioning away from a corrupted fiat system that inflates away your savings, reduces the value of your dollar, bails out companies without you having a say in the matter, all while requiring massive amounts of debt to function that you end up paying the interest on. Anyhow, I am excited to find an ideal [platform]( for experienced traders and institutions looking to take advantage of our off market service,locking in pricing and executing larger orders without slippage. I’ll further check this later.
@_date: 2019-04-20 09:06:09
Zooming out a bit, I think we're approaching the "trough" phase of the bear market - the boring period of middle-of-the-road price action between BTC's cycle low of $3150 and its former support-turned-resistance at $5800-$6100. The bear is not dead until $6k falls with convincing volume - volume similar to that of the great dumpening in November. The $6k region will not break easily - I suspect multiple attempts at it will be needed. Psychologically, I don't believe we'll break it until the third or fourth attempt at it. It is extremely rare that the first test of a technical resistance with as much history as Bitcoin's $6k level breaks it. The number of bounces on top of it give some indication of how many bounces off the bottom of it will likely occur. Three bounces on top probably means 2-3 bounces off of it on the bottom. Anyhow, I am happy to trade at this ideal Darb [Finance]( I think this is designed for experienced traders and institutions looking to take advantage of our off market service, locking in pricing and executing larger orders without slippage as I don’t want any accident to happen on my trades. Going back, I think that2019 will be mostly boring ranging between the $4200 and $6k region. Trading the chop at a macro level is possible but the biggest move to look to capitalize on is a potential 40% shakeout after a failed test of the $6k resistance. The first test of the resistance is not likely to produce that shakeout, but the second one might.
@_date: 2019-04-03 09:04:04
In my opinion, Using dollars would solve to currency problems. But problems with trust in politics, insurance etc. can not be solved with dollars. I saw a seminar about blockchain in the insurance industry where the speaker talked about automatic crop insurance in africa utilizing blockchain and satelite images. The satelite would scan the insured fields and see if there had been any damages and automaticaly pay out money to the farmer automaticaly through blockchain depending on hoe many square meters had been damaged. I am on my s8 phone and it won’t be easy for me to reply, as I am actually more comfortable using pc, but I love how this great [game]( runs flawlessly on mobile and tablet devices, going back, Apparently normal crop insurance in many parts of africa are too expensive and untrusted by farmers. 
@_date: 2019-04-15 11:44:42
Awesome! I like it a lot. I think the "adoption-card-race" will be the iPod. Before the iPod all the music companies were holding onto their full-blown albums and expensive prices and saw the mp3 crowd(one can say digital crowd) as hostile. Apple came and had the balls to sell us one song at a time at a low cost.  Now, I am searching for the incredible trading [platform]( which offers the highest paying referral for OTC services in the industry. 25% of the profit from the referral will go to the referrer. I think other exchanges will find it hard to match these offers. Going back, I hope the same is true for crypto-payments... I should say easy/cheap/everyday payment-cards/methods.
@_date: 2019-04-17 08:00:28
I think that while solid compensation is absolutely due to his lawyers, I feel like this is also one of those cases where lawyers may be competing to represent him. Also, I'm actually in the middle of my trading on this extraordinary trading [platform]( I love it because it has never gone through any scrutiny, scams, or hacks and is recognized by governments and countries around the world to be a true leader in the industry. I think this separates this platform from the vast majority of exchanges out there. Going back, I think that the publicity is going to have will be enormous, and I imagine this case will absolutely have long-term effects on the chosen lawyers future career/reputation.
@_date: 2019-04-15 04:00:12
Hmm, you have a good point there. maybe, I'm, just a little impatient.
@_date: 2019-04-04 04:39:49
But Is it now certain that those funds will end up on a utxo governed by your lnd wallet seed? Because if i remember correctly, there were some issues before were the funds would end up in limbo when the channel was force closed. I am just taking a rest for searching for an astounding [asset]( platform that has an instant transfers of crypto-asset and fiat/crypto payment gateway for you online business, games or physical store but maybe i misunderstood the whole thing?
@_date: 2019-04-15 11:46:54
I really hope Visa and Coinbase are making cardholders aware of the tax implications of frequently exchanging between Fiat and Crypto. This card seems too abstract this layer of complexity which is great for usability but that won't stop the taxman from knocking at your door. Tonight, I am actually reviewing the yesterday revenue share on this illustrious [platform]( I love it because it gained security license from one of the best cyber security and privacy company, so that I can trade without any worries but surely Crypto taxation has to change (in the UK) for this sort of card to be adopted by your average joe?
@_date: 2019-05-13 00:51:38
Cool! I was also able to play at that casino, and it's simply terrific! Depositing your btc is so easy breezy, you just need to follow simple steps that is provided by the site. I am also super competitive and started to play Super Boom. From what know,  At the end of the promotion, Top 5 players will receive a piece of the prize pool. And I am actually aiming for the 1st place and the price for it is 1,000 USD.
@_date: 2019-05-16 20:29:13
That's very true! I could say that casino owners really innovate themselves, and we also headed now for another bull run, so this would also give rise to more crypto casinos. I also checked your recommended crypto casino, and I find your recommended casino absolutely wonderful! I love how easy to use my funded bitcoin wallet on this site, there's no hassle and I am able to claim my 100% First deposit bonus! I haven't sleep yet because I'm playing slots machine now.