@_author: taylorvongrela
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:53:50
Oh I'm certainly not bashing the voting.  I just think that reporters should 100% not be using the voting scores as determinants of what comments to include in their actual story.  It's one thing for them to peruse comments to get a sense of what the community is thinking and feeling, but it's an entirely different thing to blindly use a comment in their story because they think it's "highly vetted" because it has a bunch of upvotes or downvotes.  That's just shitty reporting.
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:42:07


It seems to be one of the main points of Reddit and differentiators to a static forum.
Except for the fact that you're not factoring in who is voting and what their level of knowledge is.  Voting doesn't declare who is correct or incorrect.  It will only tell you who the general populace believed to have a more convincing argument.  For that to actually mean something, every person voting needs to have a strong knowledge of the matter at hand to be able to weigh in with their vote.  Otherwise it's just like asking a bunch of random people to choose sides.  I believe you're wildly overestimating the intelligence and understanding of redditors.




This is exactly my point!  What if Adam Back was incorrect and the generic reddit person was correct?  Reddit would still upvote Adam Back because they know him and trust him over a random redditor.  The voting means nothing unless you have an educated populace.  As a corollary, this is why Donald Trump is the leading republican candidate currently.  If you don't have an educated populace, they will vote for whatever sounds best or whatever triggers their emotions most.  People don't vote in like this is a scientific journal for review.  They vote with their emotions.
I will say though that the second example you provided is sound.
@_date: 2015-12-17 21:38:16
No source really necessary.  itBit has basically the same business structure and offers the same services, and they also have OTC trading, and they opened many months before Gemini was able to launch.  Gemini simply got beat to the punch and did what they do best: talked their book up with little to back it up.
@_date: 2015-12-18 02:29:25
You can argue all you want that Bitcoin is just like gold and the the stock market has been manipulated before, but it's biased wishful thinking. The ETF is not coming for a long time, if ever.
@_date: 2015-12-17 21:46:23
Because the Twins talked up their book like they were going to revolutionize the bitcoin market space, especially the US exchange space.  They fed everyone a lot of hype for months, and then they delivered a product that multiple other US based companies had already delivered...  
@_date: 2015-12-11 17:19:38


And is still a lead for journalists.  It's not like the entire sub has gone away.  The comments are still there and sorted by the votes they received, you just can't explicitly see the votes now.   Voting is still occurring.  This post is really just someone calling themselves a journalist admitting that not being able to see the votes is making them have to do more work.  Oh god no, not more work for the poor ol' journalists! What are we ever to do!?!
I'm not going to devolve into name calling.  I don't need to call people names to communicate my thoughts and opinions.
@_date: 2015-06-10 20:13:30
Ok thanks.  I think it's a poor analogy and has nothing to do with BTC, but that's just my opinion.  
@_date: 2015-12-18 03:57:47
No, I'm saying those things have absolutely no bearing on the SEC approving the ETF. You can argue the comparisons all you want, but the sec will not be holding the same argument because they are not emotionally attached to Bitcoin and its proliferation.  I 100% concede that your points are valid, but the SEC will not. You have far too much faith in the SEC. 
24 months is a long window, and they still might not hit that.
@_date: 2015-12-11 15:11:22
LOL.  "Highly vetted"?  My god man, you're reporting things based on how many upvotes the comment got on @_date: 2015-12-17 21:42:59
Doesn't really matter if the Twins focus on the ETF or not.  The SEC makes the call whether it ever goes live or not.  The Twins could focus every moment of their attention and all of their combined wealth on launching the ETF and the SEC can simply choose to sit on it for as long as they wish.  
Do you honestly believe that the SEC would approve an ETF that seeks to track the price of a highly volatile unregulated pseudonymous currency/commodity?  Can you imagine the flack they would receive when retail investors begin pouring their retirement funds into an ETF and then a malicious actor manipulates the underlying bitcoin price at the exchanges to manipulate the ETF price?
The ETF is not going to happen anytime soon, I really hate to tell you that, but it's just not going to happen.  Look at the SEC's track record for approving unique ETFs for new markets if you want an idea of how they handle situations like this.
@_date: 2015-06-10 20:16:38
This comment solidified for me the fact that you don't know what you're talking about.
@_date: 2015-12-18 12:21:51
No I'm not betting. Trading Bitcoin is more than enough gambling for my taste.  I'm not going to wait 2 years just to prove a point that I will have completely forgotten about by the time the bet ends.
@_date: 2015-06-10 20:34:36


But you didn't properly use the analogy.  You used two things that are not related and tried to make them related by saying "look, there's a vix ETF with an 85% of the shares sold short".  That doesn't mean that you can simply go and sell BTC and continue selling and shorting BTC into infinity and expect to profit from it.  You are making the large assumption that BTC will simply continue to go down in value into eternity.  That's a very big assumption and one you can't defend.
Also, you didn't provide the specific ETF so I can't even go behind you to check the short interest and make sure you're not making it up.  On top of that, an 85% short interest in a VIX etf would mean that most people felt the VIX would continue declining further, but it's already right around some historically low levels, 12-15 range.  It doesn't really get below 12 pretty much ever.  All it will take is a week of the stock market declining and the VIX will be up over 20 and every one of those shorts will be deep in the red.


No, actually you are specifically talking about a VIX ETF, not VIX futures or contango.  You never mention anything about either of those, so don't try to slide them in now.


Sorry, I didn't know looking at a chart and understanding what it says was such an amazing skill.  It's pretty easy to look at the past 18 months and see the downtrend.  The problem I have is that  you are inherently assuming the downtrend will continue into infinity.  That's irrational and unlikely.  


It's not what you said, it's how you applied it.  Your analogy was bad and your responses to my questions make me think that you don't really know what you're talking about it.  I call it like I see it.
@_date: 2015-06-10 19:57:33


How exactly does that tie in to BTC and prove your point though?
@_date: 2015-06-10 22:09:21
The VIX is the CBOE Market Volatility Index, which measures the implied volatility of S&amp;P500 index options.  A VIX ETF should be basing its price on the VIX itself (or on the daily changes in the VIX times a multiple rate such as 2x or 3x, etc) or it's not a VIX ETF.  
To remind you, your original comment was an analogy between selling BTC now and shorting it into eternity, and a VIX ETF that supposedly has 85% of the shares sold short (which I'm really skeptical of to begin with.  I'm betting you mean 85% of the DAILY FLOAT, not total shares, but oh no that's not an important point at all).
You made a crap analogy and I called you out on it.  You then made a comment saying "VIX ETFs go down and down and down in price, and so does bitcoin."  That showed me that you really don't have an understanding of the underlying factors behind the VIX, or you wouldn't have made a statement like that.  When I told you that you didn't know what you were talking about, you started bringing up futures contango.  Futures contango is an entirely different concept and there are a lot of other factors that come into play between futures and a VIX ETF.  
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:38:44
Cheers, mate.  Enjoy the benz.
@_date: 2014-10-02 14:16:05
His account is probably shadow banned and the mods of chose to manually approve his comment.  That's my best guess.
@_date: 2014-09-29 19:52:19
It's also over a year old, I believe.
@_date: 2014-08-11 18:31:18
Not trying to rain on anyone's parade, but this is just a rehash of the same interview that came out last week, and even that was just a NASDAQ exec "talking their book".  It benefits NASDAQ to be the first exchange to have a Bitcoin-centric ETF, so obviously they are going to be positive about the whole thing.  However, that does not mean that the ETF is going to get approved by the SEC anytime soon.  All these articles keep saying the ETF "could" be approved by Q4, but they're just speculating.  The SEC is notorious for sitting on new ETFs for as long as the please.  
@_date: 2014-12-09 16:22:59
Probably because I called a cult, so I must have hit a bit of a soft spot.  Little do they know I could not give less of a shit about downvotes.  I'd rather have a healthy community, which it hasn't been for a very very long time (like years, not months).  They probably don't realize I'm a bitcoin supporter and mod of @_date: 2014-05-08 18:45:15
As someone else mentioned, there could be a "duress vote" option, which allowed you to cast a fake vote and a real vote, with your real vote being the one that counts, but your fake vote is what would be shown if you attempted to confirm your vote.
@_date: 2014-12-03 18:18:56
I disagree with your assessment because I feel it's flawed.  Demand for BTC can certainly go up because people think they might get rich from it (see the early 2013 bubble and crash), but you can't get rich from just buying BTC, not yet at least.  It's still difficult to use BTC in your regular life as a currency for most applications, so it's not like you would be able to take your $500K Bitcoin and start paying for services with it.  You would have to buy in the runnup, and then sell at the peak to actually make yourself wealthy.  But everyone can't buy in the runnup and sell at the peak.  That's a bubble and crash scenario, not a sustained wealth scenario.  Some people would make a lot of money, but others would lose fortunes.
@_date: 2014-05-08 18:21:54
Well, think about how arduous the election process still is here in the US.  Despite all our technological advances, we still have a lot of polling places using physical cards that have to be punched (remember the "hanging chads" of the Bush vs Gore election?) and counted by machines.  Granted they are slowly being replaced by more modern electronic machines, but even those machines are not as efficient as a blockchain election would be.  
Recounts? Why do you need a recount? The blockchain is the blockchain.  There's nothing to recount.  The results are final, and would be known very quickly.  None of this "Ohio is too close to call, will take a few days for a recount" crap.  They could structure it to be a blockchain that had hard forks based on precincts and districts so that votes could easily be counted for both local and national elections.
Also, it would eliminate the whole "You HAVE to have a government issued ID to vote" movement that has been a hot topic of debate the past few years.  Instead of adopting a law that could possibly exclude minority voters, a blockchain election would force everyone to have their own private key in order to vote.  It would also allow for voting to be from anywhere. 
Wait, voting could be done from anywhere, you say?  Imagine the voter turnout if you could vote from your couch...
@_date: 2014-06-18 15:23:19
With the WSJ, the paywall isn't tough to get around.  The thing is that they want their articles to be indexed by google, and google can't do that if they have the paywall up.  To get around it, just copy the title of the article and then google the title in a new window.  The WSJ article that pops up in the search results should not be paywalled when you do it that way.
@_date: 2014-05-08 21:28:57
It's a slippery slope. On one side you get a truer "voice" of the nation's desires.  On the other hand, do we really want to hear the voice of Cletus from South B.F.E. who believes that "Pizza Hut" should be elected president?
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:20:00
This is ridiculous.  Weren't you just railing against these kinds of personal attacks in your post above?  You're a hypocrite and you should be banned from this community.
@_date: 2014-07-16 19:12:42
According to two-bit-idiot's testing, yes, the user has to eat the credit card fees when purchasing with credit card.
@_date: 2014-09-04 19:24:46
Yes, I could tell that from the article because it closed with "Developers: get started by requesting a BlockCypher token and reading our documentation."  
But that's what I'm saying is the issue:  They have a headline that made me think I'd be reading an article about a development with the blockchain or the bitcoin protocol that would "break the 10 minute confirmation barrier".  Instead, what I got was an article written by BlockCypher that was basically an ad for your product.  I have no qualms with your product at all.  It's great.  However, I'd rather it have been presented right up front as "BlockCypher: a new technology that will allow companies to confirm transactions in mere seconds with 99.9% confidence".  The article makes me feel like I got baited into reading something very different than what I thought I was going to read.  
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:15:36
Yes, that was my thought as well, that the "over-secure" nature of the bitcoin network would be mitigated by growth of transactions and Bitcoin itself.  At this point, people aren't racing to launch mining operations, and it's likely that many smaller miners will give up entirely, so I don't think that this is a long term problem.  It's just something that exists right now.
The author obviously understood that comparing the current architecture to Visa/Mastercard was a stretch, but it certainly puts the mining network into perspective of where they will need to get to cost wise for Bitcoin to be more efficient.  
Edit: However, I felt like his point about economies of scale pushing mining towards centralization was a VERY key point. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 21:47:52
I think you misunderstood what I was trying to say, and then turned it into a soapbox about how government is bad.  I was just trying to say that some Americans are woefully ignorant of politics and government, and would not be making educated votes.  That's all I was trying to say.
@_date: 2014-11-05 14:52:35
Here's the thing, you can't just short stocks without paying a borrow for the shares you're shorting.  If "banks" start naked shorting en masse to drive the price down, then the borrow rates will skyrocket, and suddenly it won't be a profitable trade to short the ETF.  
Seriously, your entire statement was very uninformed.
@_date: 2014-11-17 22:14:45
For comments in this post:
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:53:19
This is man.  I came here to see what was up on this board today, saw your post, read it, and agreed with a comment by I saw your response and realized you had dodged his question entirely, but painted your response in a light that made you seem like you had answered it.  My intent was to call you out on that and I feel like I have now.
However, in the process, apparently I've pissed you off because now you're prodding me about some silly post in from two days ago as if it was my own.  First, this is Second, if you have such a big problem with that post in why did you not bother to comment on it and poke hole in the guy's theories?  Why is my silence different from yours?  Third, you could have simply reported the post to the mods.  Fourth, the post wasn't breaking any rules of the sub.  Yes, it was pretty out there, but it was reasonably well written and comprehensive.  Posts like that don't get censored by the mods. They get voted on by the sub, and from the looks of it, you are apparently in the minority on that one because it's got a lot of upvotes.
But anytime you want to tell me how to do my job, just feel free to drop a line to and I'll get back to you.
@_date: 2014-09-03 21:25:52
The term "weak hands"?  I have no idea.  It's been around forever in finance, and I'd hazard to guess that it stems from poker terminology: weak hands fold when the chips are down.
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:07:10
Mate, I moderate I'm familiar with the comment.  I'm simply pointing out that you're attributing these major market movements to one "BearWhale", when in reality you have no idea if it's actually just one person, or many people working in coordination, or just pure coincidence (however unlikely that may be).  You have taken your observations as fact, which is an ill-informed approach, in my humble opinion.  But I'm not going to sway you or anyone else from your views, so I'll just go away now.
@_date: 2014-05-08 18:41:15
I think things would be a little different if the voter turnout suddenly jumped to +90% considering we've never reached higher than 65% in the past century.
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:32:50
Again, you have no way of knowing whether the person or people that put up the 28K wall are the same as your "bearwhale".  You're making gross assumptions and painting the entire sell side as "bearwhale".  
@_date: 2014-09-03 23:29:55
You're right.  Not sure why people are downvoting you.
@_date: 2014-10-14 14:13:55
Nope, I disagree.  You're condensing what is happening over the past week down into one simple sentence, and that's just not right.  First, while Bitcoin has show dramatic price gains over the long term (+3 years), it's still down significantly YTD in 2014.  On the other hand, the traditional US stock markets have been on a tear for over 2 years, and have been hitting new all time highs in the past months.  
A pull back from all time highs is healthy.  A bounce from $275 to $400 is a great bounce, but you're still down over 50% from the all time highs that were hit less than a year ago.
Perspective, my friend.  It's all about perspective.
@_date: 2014-02-18 21:09:48
Nope, no one claimed that.  Read the comments.
@_date: 2014-09-26 19:14:33
Or maybe we can just have proper regulation and regulatory bodies that actually do their job?  Maybe we don't need to "burn" an entire profession?
@_date: 2014-10-14 20:38:27
You hit on a key issue that Bitcoin faces:  Cryptography and cryptocurrencies are complicated ideas.  It takes a fair amount of reading and research to have a good understanding of Bitcoin and the blockchain.  This is something that the average person just doesn't care about at all.  So yes, I think you're correct in that if you try to explain to someone the intricacies of Bitcoin, you're going to lose them very quickly.
People just want to know what it is, what it does, and why they should use it. The "what it is" and "what it does" is difficult to properly illustrate for people, in my experience, so I've stopped trying to go the technical route entirely.  When someone asks me to explain bitcoin to them, I don't lead off by talking about the technology. Instead, I lead off by asking them a few loaded questions.
"Do you remember what the internet was like in the mid-1990's?  Do you remember the first time you used email to communicate with someone via the internet?"
I'm setting them up to think about the way an emerging technology changed &amp; shaped their lives less than 20 years later.  It doesn't really matter if they actually have an answer for my questions, the point is that you've shown them how a fledgling idea can grow to become an integral part of everyone's daily lives over time, that a concept like Bitcoin can eventually grow to become a "currency of the internet".
And that's how I lead into the "What" bitcoin is question:  It's a currency for the internet.  I harken back to the email and internet reference and ask them what the internet would be like if we had never built email, and people still had to call each other using traditional land lines and cell phones routed through the commercial telephone system.  I then compare that to eCommerce on the internet today.  We're still using a legacy payment system that worked fine for what we had in the past, but now we're all purchasing more and more things directly from merchants via the internet.  Yet we're still using the same legacy payment systems we've had since before the internet to make payments online.
I then transition into all the data breaches that companies endure, and remind the person how much data they are unknowingly distributing out into the world, and that they are blindly trusting major companies to protect that information, but often those companies can't protect the information.  With bitcoin, you're not projecting your private personal information out into the world.
From there I usually stop and let them ask any questions they have about what I've already told them.  I'll clarify anything they want as granularly as they want.  
After that I'll talk about the blockchain and how it's a pseudonymous (not anonymous) distributed ledger and makes up the meat and bones of why I feel Bitcoin is the next big emergence in economics.  I can take it any direction from here, but typically I will lead off with the concept that we are so early on in the development of Bitcoin and blockchain technology that we still have yet to understand all the potential applications of the blockchain in our society.  I try to take as many real world things as I can and layer the block chain on top of them.  Contracts?  They could be entered into the blockchain with a simple transaction, and it's forever recorded there.  Deeds &amp; Titles?  Another thing that blockchain can be used for.  Distributed Voting systems?  Blockchain technology can assist with that.
Only then will I even begin to talk about the most obvious case uses such as remittances and moving assets worldwide.  I try to focus on instilling my own sense of wonder for Bitcoin into them.  It's not enough to tell them what Bitcoin and the blockchain are.  You have to make them see that it's something on par with the creation of the internet.  Something that still is learning how to walk right now, but soon enough it will be walking, then jogging, then sprinting.  Finally, my background is finance &amp; investments, so I'll usually tell them that the potential long term returns for an early investor is exponential due to the fixed supply of coins that will be produced.  There aren't many investment opportunities that come around in life that offer you the chance to make 10X your money, but I think this is one of them.  Most of my friends respect my opinions, and I can convey my thoughts well, so usually my explanations have a positive effect and the person I'm speaking with is left with a new outlook on Bitcoin.  I think I've converted more than 10 people to Bitcoin believers at this point, and it's not a conversation I often have with people.  
TL:DR - Half Life 3 confirmed?
@_date: 2014-09-03 16:37:49
Yes, but I believe that's a temporary effect, as what you're describing is really just weak hands being shaken out, and the existing supply of BTC being moved into fewer and stronger hands.  Fewer hands holding all the BTC means supply would likely be constrained as the stronger hands aren't sellers, and this would likely lead to a reflexive price increase.
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:20:20
He was asking you the question of whether you thought one person was controlling the markets.  He was not stating the point.  He was simply responding to something dramatic with an equally dramatic comment.  
You feel strongly enough about your opinions that you missed the context of his point entirely, and you tried to turn it around to make him look like he was making a ridiculous statement when all he was doing was pointing out that you've made gross assumptions that you cannot support with real facts.  You can only support it with observations of the market place, but you can't actually confirm your position.  Below is what he actually said at the beginning of his comment before he chose to insult you (which was shitty and usually negates someone's argument):


So now I'll ask.  **Do you have any way to prove that the market actions that have taken  place are the same player between exchanges, or even within the same exchange with any degree of reliability?**
No, you don't.  You have observations of the markets, and that's all.
He wasn't asserting to you that the market only has one large player.  He was attempting to point out that *you* are asserting that the market currently has one large player that is doing what he pleases with the price.
@_date: 2014-08-06 16:26:38
While the "elected officials" of the bitcoin foundation have a sketchy track record, the legal department of the Bitcoin Foundation (aka Patrick Murck) consistently handles things pretty well.
@_date: 2014-12-03 16:15:47
I don't follow much of anything you just said.  It's a pretty simple equation:  number of coins in existence times the future price that OP predicted ($500K per coin).  Why would I bother to try and factor in some really unquantifiable figures such as available buyers and market depth?  
In the situation OP described above, the market cap would be approximately $7.2 Trillion dollars, which is nearly half of the USA's annual GDP.  
@_date: 2014-06-30 21:40:49
SecondMarket, most likely.  If SecondMarket was submitting bids on behalf of the company, and also submitting bids on behalf of their syndicate bidders, then that kind of negates the concept of a blind auction, doesn't it?
@_date: 2014-01-23 16:49:00
haha I bought a rug as well
@_date: 2014-12-03 14:40:31
So basically you're asking "what would happen if Bitcoin suddenly launched to a $7.2 Trillion dollar market cap by the end of 2015?"
First, that won't happen.  Bitcoin markets are beginning to quickly replicate many of the features that exist in the traditional financial markets, and that will actually lower the volatility of Bitcoin over the long term.  Second, the price can't just skyrocket without a huge influx of demand.  There wouldn't need to be $7T dollars of new money flowing into BTC, but the number would still have to be well into the hundreds of billions to create that kind of supply/demand imbalance.  
The only way this could actually happen would be if every major fiat currency suddenly had a crisis of confidence, and there was a flight out of hard currency and into physical assets.  BTC would get a fair amount of that capital flight to safety.  In reality, I give this less of a chance to happen than a true black swan scenario.  I think you've been reading too much ZeroHedge.
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:03:00
Oh, I never said it was ok to ignore him.  No, I would never go along with that.  I was implying that there are just a lot of idiots who don't vote, and if we suddenly made it easier for everyone to vote, then we'd have a lot more idiots voting, which could mean that voting would skew towards more celebrity-like politicians because of the ignorant voters who are now suddenly voting.  Gotta take the good with the bad.
@_date: 2014-09-26 21:39:58
Well, I disagree to an extent, but I wasn't really trying to spark a debate.  I was just pointing out that the vilifying of all bankers is ridiculous and unjustified, and that people should not make gross generalizations like this.  But why bother, this is @_date: 2014-05-08 21:50:58
Where do you live?  Do you not have a local government?  Because I just voted in my local elections yesterday and let me tell you, a lot of those candidates are just normal people looking to make a change in their community.  This is the second time you've replied to one of my comments and tried to hijack it about how the entire political system is terrible and needs to be scrapped.  It's clear you're not really interested in talking about the question of this thread, because you are simply against the current electoral system entirely.
@_date: 2014-06-23 20:55:54
Eh it's fine, I knew what the outcome would be, but I'm still hopeful that others with open minds will take the time to read the entire post and give their opinions.  I felt like it was a well formed criticism of Bitcoin that was still supportive of Bitcoin as a whole.  It was obvious that the author has a strong understanding of Bitcoin and the bitcoin economy, and he wasn't outright damning Bitcoin (as many are wont to do).  Instead, he raised some good points about the current "over-securitization" of the bitcoin economy, that economies of scale naturally move mining towards centralization, and that we could see many companies that have been built around Bitcoin fail in the long run because of unsustainable business models.
Basically, people downvoting aren't reading the article, just the title I chose.  
Edit: What's funnier is that both of our comments have now been downvoted to 0, yet we're the only two people who've commented.  Classic move.  "Wait, someone thinks there could potentially be some problems with the current bitcoin economy, and they've presented a well-reasoned analysis outlining those points? DOWNVOTE!"
@_date: 2014-09-03 16:16:59
That's a zero sum game, though.  If you want to get out of bitcoin and sell your coins, someone else needs to be the buyer.
@_date: 2014-10-07 00:36:41
I'm done here, mate. I'm not doing anything but asking you the same question that asked you, and you still have yet to provide an answer.  Instead, you throw some silly shit at me that doesn't even merit a response.  
You know what the answer to cbutters2000's question was, but you just don't want to admit that you can't answer it.  That might make you wrong, and god forbid you might be wrong on the internet.   
@_date: 2014-04-16 03:36:38
Now that I agree with.
@_date: 2014-12-09 14:21:00
This is ridiculous.  espouses some of the most ridiculously bullish viewpoints for bitcoin, and when anyone disagrees with him or attempts to debate him using actual facts, he claims they are paid trolls and the conversation devolves into him saying that over and over.  
In reality, is the troll.  He preaches pie-in-the-sky Bitcoin theories as if he's telling the future with absolute certainty.  And you all eat it up because is a cult at this point.  Ban this user already.  He is honestly damaging the community.
@_date: 2014-10-06 22:18:48
Um, you didn't actually answer or address his questions.  Instead you told him you stare at charts all day.  His points are still (very) valid, and you still don't have a good response for them.
@_date: 2014-10-06 22:37:20
I hear you, man.  You watch the charts.  You have your finger on the pulse of Bitcoin.
You still have not answered questions or points above.
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:28:37
This link I presume?
Man, it's really comical how people avoid questions they can't actually answer.
@_date: 2014-12-03 17:42:18
Yeah, but see you live in reality so you understand that.  On the other hand, has been making numerous posts and comments like this which *do not* exist in reality.  Happy little fun posts about "what if" are all fine and dandy, but OP is not pushing his comments in that way.  Anyone critical of him is deemed "a troll" or a "paid shill".  In reality, random posts like these fantasizing about an insane near future valuation (basically 1 year away at this point) are dangerous to the community.  
But this is so the kool-aid will be drank by the gallon.  This sub has become a cult.
@_date: 2014-08-19 17:42:19
Folks, be wary of this site for the time being.  This was also posted in and we've removed it there pending verification/support from the "BlockWork Crew".  Don't give random websites your information without understanding exactly who you are giving it to and for what reason.
@_date: 2014-09-04 18:01:03
This is the second article today on the main page that was posted by and both seem to be pretty blatant advertising for themselves.  The titles sound like interesting independent articles, and they display the link as coming from medium.com, but it's really just Zapchain publishing stuff from their own site and trying to drive traffic to themselves.
Edit:  with that said, the content isn't bad. I just wish they were more open about it instead of presenting it the way they have.  Makes it feel very "click-baity" to me.
@_date: 2014-09-03 23:35:49
Ok, well I'm talking about the money side of it, not people.  The remaining guy who purchased the other 19 coins has compensated them to leave the market, and he now controls a larger portion of the bitcoins in circulation.  Now extrapolate that out to thousands and thousands of "weak hands" selling their coins and exiting the market.  What you're left with is a small cadre of "strong hands" who now control a large portion of the market supply of BTC, and those strong hands aren't selling coins at the same levels that they bought them from the other sellers at. They obviously believe there's more value in BTC than the current price levels, so they're not going to be selling until they feel BTC is appropriately valued.  So you've got the strong hands holding a larger chunk of the tradeable BTC, and they are unwilling to sell at these lower prices, so the supply is much more constrained now, and any new buyers coming into the market will have to pay up to purchase their BTC.  This would cause the price to rise again until an equilibrium was reached where the strong hands felt BTC was appropriately valued, and some of them would return to selling a portion of their holdings.  
You follow?
Example:  The weak hands get shaken out over the course of January 2014 to September 2014, and the price moves lower as expected.  Bullish news occurs (pick your poison: COIN etf launches, Amazon adopts bitcoin, etc) and there's a rush of people wanting to move back into the market, but now there are a lot less people willing to sell their coins because they've been consolidated into the strong hands, and they ain't letting go.  That's a perfect setup for a large ramp in price.
@_date: 2014-09-26 21:49:36
I'd suggest they be used to light a fire under the ass of our congress.
@_date: 2014-10-06 23:50:43
I see.  Well I read his intent differently.  He's pointing out that people are attributing any significant selling action to be the "BearWhale's" doing.  However, there is simply no way to actually confirm these *assumptions*.
Because that's what they are:  assumptions.  There is actually no way to prove that one person has been behind the "BearWhale" without gaining access to BitStamp's back office systems.  is not asserting that one major player controls the markets, but you are.
@_date: 2014-05-08 22:26:19
My guess is the reason behind the slow move to higher technology for voting machines is the sheer cost it would take.  I'm guessing that those costs are born by the local government, not the federal government.
Also, technically when you're voting for a US President, you are voting as an Ohioan, Texan, Alaskan, etc.  Electoral College still in effect (which is dumb).
@_date: 2014-04-15 23:27:39
As a moderator of another subreddit, I am ok with what the mods at are doing.  The subreddit I am a moderator of is puny in comparison (has 333x more subscribers).  The sub I moderate has 7 active moderators and 1 or 2 bots that we use.  Even with 7 mods and a bot, moderating can get overwhelming very quickly in a small sub with only 15K subscribers.  
So just to recap:  has over 5 million subscribers, but only 11 active mods and 1 bot mod.  I'll make it a ratio of subscribers per mod:  = 454,545 to 1.  The sub I help mod: 2,143 to 1.
I cannot fathom how the mods at keep anything in check without the use of a bot removing posts like this.  Yes, I think it's a touchy/gray area because they are making a blanket assumption that posts with certain words will not be the type of content that belongs in the sub.  But it would be humanly impossible to manually sift through all of the posts that go up in that sub 24/7.  They would have to have a moderator on the sub at all times, constantly searching the /new tab and rifling through posts just to keep up.  It's just not a reasonable expectation to have of any mod of any sub.  It's impossible.  
Let me give another example:  In the sub I help moderate, there will frequently be 5 or 6 posts a day that are about the EXACT same topic, with the exact same questions or information.  Because we're a small sub, the mods are able to work together to remove duplicate postings so that the sub remains clean and the discussions don't get fractured into multiple different posts.  Now take that normal exercise and apply it to a sub the size of and all bets are off.  I bet when a story breaks they get 20 or 30 posts in an hour that are all focused on the exact same news or insight.  And I imagine that happens all the time.
I think the biggest job that mods have is to uphold the integrity of the sub itself.  What I mean is that as a sub grows in users, it starts hitting levels that are sort of like a point of no return.  When you're really really small, it's easy to moderate and everything that gets posted is good content because its the die hards that are posting.  Then you get into the thousands and you've still got the diehards, but you've also got an influx of newer participants who haven't learned all the details yet.  The quality of the posts and comments begins to decline a little because the knowledge base is diminished by the newer subscribers whose knowledge isn't on the level of the diehards.  That's all fine and dandy, just a natural course for a sub.  It's when you start getting into the 10's of thousands that suddenly the integrity of the sub isn't the same as it was when it was a small sub.  The sub begins to move away from what its foundations were.
That's a moderators real job.  To keep the sub true to its foundations, and to uphold the sub's integrity.  So I'll close with a kudos to the mods for keeping the wheels on that thing.  I'd have probably lost my mind somewhere around 100K subscribers.
@_date: 2017-02-20 21:22:13
Lol, you present absolute bullshit as if you know what you're talking about, and when I call you out on said bullshit, you personally attack me.  You and Donald Trump should be buddies.
@_date: 2017-02-20 17:35:54
OP legit does not know what he's talking about.  I made it two sentences before that became clear.


If you'd read the prospectuses over time, you'd know the answer to this one.


Fundamentally misunderstands the ETF.  Go read the prospectus.


Again, you're just talking out of your ass because you clearly don't even understand how the fund would take in more BTC (if needed) to account for excess demand.
It's all there in the prospectus, folks.  It's not rocket science or financial wizardry.  Ignore everything OP has said here, because he doesn't know what he's talking about, and go read the prospectus so you can fully understand how the ETF would function.  Then you'll understand what it's potential market effects could be.
@_date: 2014-09-19 13:11:21
Or he was just stating his personal views on some of the more ridiculous theories that are constantly being thrown around as truth in @_date: 2015-01-08 01:10:28
Nah, he just really hates BitStamp.  Seriously.
@_date: 2017-02-20 18:28:26
I've read the prospectus multiple times in the past, and even went so far as to outline the details in years ago when the ETF first became a thing.  I got a lot of hate for constantly telling people that it would be years before the ETF received approval, IF it ever received approval at all (which I was firmly on the side of the argument that it would never be approved until bitcoin was more widely regulated, and I remain on that side of the argument).


Correct, because I'm not going to waste any of my time fixing your bullshit for you.  My comment was strictly for other people so they might realize just how absurd your entire post was.
@_date: 2017-03-03 17:45:30
Tell that to BNP Paribas.  They had to cough up almost $9 Billion
If you start looking back 5-10 years, yes, the fines were a lot lower the further you go back.  But they have been increasing at a very significant rate every year (I won't say exponential but it's a dramatic increase).  BNP Paribas large fine was the harshest because they knowingly circumvented their own internal controls.
@_date: 2017-01-19 12:10:51
Yeah. It's getting funnier as the irony sets in.
@_date: 2017-01-19 04:13:30
I gotta say, while I can't stand Ver, this is not doxxing theymos.  A cursory google search will reveal his real name for you if you so desire to find out.  His identity is not a secret in any way.  I understand people's need for privacy, but simply having your name stated in a public forum is not an invasion of privacy. 
@_date: 2016-12-09 14:34:32
Most people aren't getting that far I think...
@_date: 2017-11-14 17:25:45


Hyperbole much?  Are we measuring this in zimbabwean dollars now?
@_date: 2017-04-04 15:14:13
What a joke. What a farce. Take a huge loss in BTC, then convert it all to USD and spread it among all BFX depositors (both USD and BTC), but don't spread the loss among the company accounts... Oh no, let the customer base absorb the entirety of the loss.
Just issue BFX tokens equal to the USD amounts of the loss to remove any possible future exposure to fluctuations in the price of BTC, and then when the price spikes from around $650 to over $1000, they reap the benefits of increased trading fees (revenue) while significantly reducing the actual amount of the losses they have to pay back.
119,756K BTC were stolen. At $650 per BTC, that's approximately $77.8M. At $1000, that amounts to $119.8M. At $1,200, that amounts to $143.7M. At current pricing around $1125, it's $134.7M. By converting the BTC losses immediately to USD values and only honoring the USD value of the losses, Bitfinex avoided repaying over $50 Million in customer funds...
but great job, Bitfinex!
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:16:27
Gotta give credit to the community on that one.  I was unaware CoinMX was paying for reviews until a user pointed it out to me, and that's when we yanked the post.
@_date: 2015-04-14 13:45:01
I'm going to say this, and I know that is going to rain the downvotes on me, but people like are one of the problems with bitcoin.  [The blind fanaticism]( [pie-in-the-sky predictions]( and general way that he paints anyone who disagrees with him as "paid-shills" is absolutely ridiculous.  It amazes me that people don't see him for exactly what he is: a charlatan professing hope as an investment philosophy.
And to be clear, I'm a big proponent of bitcoin, so no, I'm not some paid shill.  I'm just an objective thinker that prefers to keep a grasp on reality instead of writing fan-fiction to himself on reddit.
@_date: 2015-09-16 13:39:12
Yes, which is why I said I could be reading it out of context to what he actually meant.  Still, it's an unsettling thing to read from him.  Moderators should be unbiased, with their main duty being to serve the community.  I think *most* everyone agrees at this point that Theymos isn't acting in an unbiased manner, and he isn't serving the community either.  Given that, I'm less inclined to simply dismiss his off-hand comment about generating income from his "hobby" of moderating.
Edit:  Adjusted phrasing to not be absolute.
@_date: 2015-04-02 18:01:24
I actually had to remove a post "reviewing" them yesterday...
@_date: 2015-09-16 16:29:22
Ok, my apologies for using an absolute in that instance.  I'll rephrase.
**Most of the bitcoin community agrees at this point that Theymos isn't acting in an unbiased manner, and he isn't serving the community either.**


Really, you think *my* statement is the one polarizing the debate?  Seriously?  StarMaged, come on.  Be reasonable.  Theymos has made a decision at a very high level that XT is bad, and he's basically trying to force that decision on the rest of the community because apparently Theymos knows what is best for Bitcoin and the community.  That's the polarizing aspect of the debate.  Me saying that the community thinks Theymos is biased is simply stating a fact, my friend.
@_date: 2018-04-10 16:24:26


No, obviously not, but it's not about to change anytime soon, as that would take a ridiculous amount of changes to the moderation policies around here.  In reality it's the users who do the damage, but because the moderation team allow it, the mentality thrives here.


Or you know, people could just read up on proper [reddiquette]( and follow those guidelines instead of voting for things based on whether or not they agree or disagree with the statement...












@_date: 2015-09-16 13:30:40
I'm uncomfortable with this portion:


I may be reading it out of context, but Theymos would be breaking some of Reddit's more sacred rules if he's generating any income from his duties as a moderator of @_date: 2015-03-10 14:39:38


Well, either you are too low on the totem pole to be taken seriously, or you should have stood your ground and asked "why are you laughing?  My solution is both faster and has lower transaction fees."  That would quiet the room fairly quickly, and someone would be forced to ask you further questions about it because you had challenged everyone at the table with an idea that actually was better.
Sounds like you just missed a good opportunity to prove your worth &amp; value to your company.
@_date: 2015-03-10 14:42:32
Then paypal was the best option.  I'm just going on what OP stated above.
@_date: 2015-10-15 17:05:07


An unnecessarily nasty and colonialist response.
That's one way to interpret it.  Another way would be that someone broke international sanctions by using bitcoin to purchase goods from Iran.  The extreme buttcoin headline is way over the top, but it doesn't change the fact that someone broke international sanctions by using bitcoin to purchase something.  I'm not here to bash anyone's libertarian ideology, but the wind blows both ways on that one.
@_date: 2015-10-15 14:27:55


While yes, there are some buttcoiners who are true trolls that are going to bash anything bitcoin related, I think you are really generalizing the group.  In reality, most buttcoiners that I have conversations with, once you push past the rhetoric and really get down to their thoughts on Bitcoin, they don't like the *community* around bitcoin.  Bitcoiners can be absolutely rabid enthusiasts, and at face value there's nothing wrong with that. But when you congregate a couple hundred thousand bitcoiners into one subreddit, the euphoria around anything and everything bitcoin related gets pretty ridiculous.  Every development and news item is pounced on and extrapolated to be some amazing thing that is just another sign that Bitcoin is going to take over the world!  Well, that's actually not reality in most cases. That's just the echo chamber and the hope of bitcoiners affecting their thoughts.  When a buttcoiner tries to point that out, they get shouted down by the community.  
Buttcoiners and Bitcoiners are simply two sides to the same coin.  Both groups take a great interest in Bitcoin and tend to be pretty knowledgeable about the protocol and new developments.  It's their approach that differs.  Bitcoiners will focus on the positives because that's that humans do when they believe in something and want it to succeed.  On the other hand, buttcoiners are more pragmatic and see the negatives as well, and they don't extrapolate the positives into something that they aren't.  
@_date: 2017-07-29 13:54:49
Half of $2 TRILLION is $1 trillion.  That's the rough amount of FX occurring with the Rupee.  The amount of FX that Bitcoin causes in India would have to start reaching into the 10's of billions of dollars before it would even cause a dent in the actual Rupee FX markets.  All you have to do is compare the size of India's BTC exchanges to the actual FX amounts occurring to see that BTC is like an ant compared to an elephant here.
@_date: 2017-06-26 17:02:54
The problem with this theory is that it exists in a vacuum.  It does not account for the large amount of foreign exchange already taking place with the rupee that has nothing to do with Bitcoin.  India's GDP is over $2 trillion annually as of 2015, and foreign trade accounted for almost 49% of that amount...
Any FX effect created by Bitcoin on the Rupee would be dwarfed by normal world trade.  
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:16:50
None of those news developments actually are affecting bitcoin.  So what if a major corporation adopts bitcoin as a form of payment.  People still have to actually start using bitcoin with that business in large volumes before it will have any real affect.  Same thing with a non-profit paying employees in bitcoin (which, personally, I would flip my shit if my company started trying to pay me in bitcoin).  That's just one company with a small amount of employees, and those employees aren't going to be able to purchase every need with bitcoins.  Most likely they are just going to exchange them for fiat currencies.
You have to be able to sift through all the bullshit noise and realize what actually affects supply and demand of a commodity, such as bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-04 19:42:25
Yes, continue to be patient, **but also continue to be persistent** in contacting their support.  Coinbase is responsive to the "high risk" transaction issue, and they will whitelist accounts so that they never get marked high risk again.
@_date: 2013-11-20 23:37:21
No offense, but I don't know where you are getting a potential billion dollar valuation from.  I think you're significantly underestimating Coinbase's expense load.  Sure, they probably have positive cash flow, but nowhere near the levels I'd need to see to value the company at a billion dollars.  I would need to see EBITDA of around $20-$25 Million before I'd even considered giving them that high of a valuation, and that would still be 40x EBITDA multiple (that's high even for tech).  There's just too much risk involved in their business model to value them that high right now.
* What if the US Government (or any global power) attempted to regulate bitcoin?
* What if the "CoinValidation" movement takes off and people move away from Bitcoin?
* What if a new US Based exchange and Merchant Servicer crops up and they have a better platform than Coinbase?  Because let's face it, Coinbase isn't the best pure exchange (there's a myriad of issues they need to overcome).
* The bitcoin world doesn't really respect the "First Mover" advantage.  They respect the company that provides the best product and service.  People just ship from exchanges all the time for the next best thing that's been developed.  Can Coinbase keep up with new exchange technologies? I doubt it.
* What if their site gets hacked? Yes, this is applicable to any exchange or BTC company, but it's still a valid concern.  If you lose all your customers BTC, you won't have customers anymore.
I'm not saying these are problems exclusive to Coinbase (they're not), but you have to factor these risks into any valuation.  Honestly though, I'd be really surprised if Coinbase is still considered the gold standard of american exchanges in 12 months time.  Many many other exchanges will launch in that time, and some of them will be very successful.
Source: I'm a M&amp;A analyst for a subsidiary of a major US Bank.  Valuation is what I do.  
@_date: 2013-05-14 20:32:09
It's legit.  I called Dwolla myself to check.  They were served with seizure orders from the Department of Homeland Security for the Mutum Sigillum account at Dwolla.
@_date: 2013-09-11 18:52:52
I use Coinbase.  I've linked my bank account. I am level 2 verified.  I've never had a single transaction listed as "High Risk", and I've only ever had one issue with the site, and it corrected itself.  I have an automatic BTC purchase scheduled to occur every week at the same time, and there was one time a few months ago where the automatic BTC purchase just seemed to go awry.  However, 5 days later it fixed itself, and at the original pricing I had expected.
I have 0 qualms with Coinbase, and I think most of the "reviews" you're finding on here are people freaking out because their BTC purchase got listed as "high risk".
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:42:05
The problem with these assertions is that they have no basis in facts or evidence.  What you describe as "clear cases of market manipulation" is really just an opinion based on observation.  Do you have trading details or any information that shows this market manipulation?  
It's my opinion that almost all of the highly volatile moves in BTC can be attributed to market panic/euphoria.  MtGox has high lag and the price is falling?  Better sell now!  MtGox has high volume and the price is climbing fast?  Better buy now!
@_date: 2013-06-25 21:23:01
I would say yes, you would still be liable for the taxes unless you filed a police report documenting the theft.  Without some documentation, the government will not care about whether you say they were stolen or not.
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:03:06
I think some of what you're saying is correct, but other points are off target, so I'll try and go one point at a time.
First, Bitcoin is still a highly illiquid market.  The prices are very volatile because the trading depth is shitty, and a $1.5 Million dollar transaction (only really 15k BTC) can still rock market pricing.  In ETF terms, a $1.5 Million dollar transaction is nothing.  The "Baskets" that the shares will originally be sold into the market in are a minimum of 50,000 shares (which is close to a million in USD).  So this ETF will have crappy liquidity for a while.
You are correct that short sellers have to pay a spread % called a "borrow", because they are essentially borrowing the shares from a broker and selling them to another person, and will give the shares back to the broker at a later date.  So yeah, a short seller automatically has a hurdle % to beat with a manipulative trade.  The Borrow rate could be pretty high with this ETF too, probably approaching 10% (borrow's are based on liquidity and demand too).
You commented that it would be difficult to short the ETF in any sizeable amounts because someone could see the trader was building a big short position and attempt to squeeze him/her out by buying up shares in an attempt to drive up the price.  I disagree with this because it's very difficult to cause a short-squeeze single handedly.  Typically short sellers drive their own short squeeze when adverse news comes out and the shorts scramble to cover to avoid heavier losses.  
While the price of the ETF will be market driven, it will still attempt to be connected to the actual daily price of BTC, so it should track reasonably close with intraday movements, but over the longer term it will disconnect due to supply/demand nature.
As for your short selling example, I think you're looking at the market the wrong way.  When a stock is sold short, the short seller is actually selling the stock to the buyer, and borrowing the stock from a broker.  The price of the stock would not be overly affected because of the trader's short position.  HOWEVER, as the trader continued to build his short position, the BORROW rate from the broker would begin to baloon because the broker only has so many shares to loan, and they are taking risk by continuing to loan out their own clients ETF shares.  So the borrow rate would constrict the actual size of the short most likely.
Honestly, I think we will see some real, tangible manipulation moments from the creation of this ETF.  The way the fund is set up, the winklevi's trust gets paid fees on all transactions, so they don't really have much motivation to keep the ETF pegged with the actual price of BTC.  
@_date: 2013-05-08 18:55:00
"BTC Gained vs if that BTC was held rather than fiat converted"
How would you do that? Are you saying you would compound the dividends over time and compare it against the value of the purchase price of the BTC held over time?  You would need future projections of BTC price to properly determine ROI then. That would defeat the purpose of calculating ROI.
@_date: 2013-04-29 14:08:39
If a depression occurred in the US, bitcoin would have no effect on it whatsoever.  Bitcoin just isn't widespread enough yet to even come close.
A US depression would drag most of the world down with it because we are large consumers and importers.  Europe would lag the US by a year or two, and China would be greatly affected as well.  Basically, as we saw with the recession in 2008, global economies are incredibly interconnected now (at a level never seen or experienced before).  A depression in the US would turn into a depression everywhere.
@_date: 2013-05-29 20:49:28
Well, I can't really comment definitively on market manipulation in BTC.  It's difficult to get much data regarding trading since the main exchanges aren't really very sophisticated or transparent.  However, BTC is an unregulated marketplace.  Market Manipulation would not be illegal here because there's no laws against it and no one to police it.
With that said, I don't think there is any significant market manipulation occuring with BTC, other than maybe some DDOS attacks on exchanges coupled with targeted buying by the attackers.  The things that people scream about as market manipulation around this subreddit are not even close to manipulation.  Sure, BTC markets can be exploited, but I just don't think it's happening.
@_date: 2013-05-13 20:01:12
As a finance guy myself, I completely see where your friend is coming from.  Bitcoin is an upstart, unproven "currency" with little to no underlying fundamental data that can be used to derive a true value of Bitcoin.  He's likely not judging Bitcoin on the basis of it's protocol and code, but instead judging BTC as an investment vehicle.
@_date: 2013-06-04 19:02:15
I think you're making fairly large claims based off of what you call "evidence".  
I stand by my points, which I feel have still not been adequately countered.  I will admit though that most of my argument is to point out the circlejerk that has become.  The comments in this subreddit lead me to believe that most of the users here have little to no experience investing/trading in a financial market.  It is filled with rank speculation and misinformation.  It only contributes to the panic and euphoria we witness in the marketplace.  I do my best to provide a contrary opinion that doesn't leap to conclusions based off of speculation thinly veiled as "facts" or "evidence".  That is all.
@_date: 2013-04-23 21:24:41
It doesn't matter if the decimal place gets moved.  I'll just address the points you made.
-Psychological block of owning less than 1 of something:  You think that's a psychological block?  It's a currency that doesn't physically exist.  **That's** a psychological block. Anyone who actually took a moment to learn about bitcoins would realize that transactions can be done in tiny decimal amounts to account for this.  
-Next point- Why buy less than 1 bitcoin?  Well, getting a bunch of people to adopt bitcoin won't do much if they all go out and buy fractions of a bitcoin.  Those aren't the users you want to attract.  You want businesses to adopt bitcoins as a form of payment.  Then all those little fractional amounts become larger sums as the business takes payments from many customers via bitcoins.  What's holding bitcoin back now is the fact that it is a completely new form of currency that the vast majority of society has not heard of or does not understand conceptually.  What held back the internet in the early 90's?  The exact same issues.  Think of this phase of bitcoin as the early 90's "AOL Online" phase of the internet.  We were all using crappy dialup, slow modems and predominantly just getting familiar with email and websites.  But technology developed and entire sectors began emerging just to cater to the internet and it's emerging user base.
-A stock split style decimal move:  Doesn't apply here because it's a differently structured beast.  You can't own partial shares of a stock.  However, it's perfectly normal to own less than one bitcoin.  The entire structure of bitcoin is setup to handle the growth in value by transacting at smaller decimals (down to a satoshi).  Look at it this way:  Do you think the Japanese should move the decimal place on the valuation on the yen?  Right now, 1 US Dollar is equal to just under 100 Japanese yen.  That's just an exchange rate, just like BTC to USD.  Changing it doesn't change anything, and it certainly won't attract new smaller income users.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:44:20
Theoretically, yes.  However, if each of the Rig companies kept their rigs for themselves, then the total computing power used to mine for blocks would baloon, and the difficulty of the mining would be increased to counteract the increase in computing power.  
So the rigs would lose value quickly, and each company would have to continue to produce new rigs to gain an edge on their competitors, and the cycle would become self-perpetuating. 
So instead, why not sell the mining rigs to third parties.  You make a tidy sum selling them because they are in such great demand, and as you ship more, the original ones you shipped become worth less and less as the difficulty to solve a block is raised.  By selling the rigs, they have eliminated the problem of self-perpetuation for themselves, and passed it on to their buyers.  Theoretically, by selling them they are actually creating more organic demand for their product.
It's pretty smart business actually.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:36:12
Send her the white paper Satoshi originally published.  It's only 10 pages or so.  That will far better explain it than you can.
@_date: 2013-05-01 18:58:59
I'm happy to hear your proposal, but odds are slim I'll give you any BTC without some serious due diligence.
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:10:46
does IG publish their open interest on binary options?  If so, can you provide a link?
@_date: 2013-07-19 13:14:10
Here's the thing:  John Lothian is correct.  Take a moment to take yourself out of your own mindset, and view bitcoin from an outsiders/neutral perspective.  We all have rose colored glasses on in regards to bitcoin because we want to see it succeed, and we appreciate all the positive potential it presents as a currency.  It's cognitive bias.
But right at this moment, Lothian's thoughts on bitcoin are correct.  Hopefully he will be proven wrong in the future.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:36:23
Actually, that's not what is happening, and people need to stop thinking this way.  The government did not just "de facto recognize bitcoin is money".  They had an informant assist them in reviewing the money transfer process from Dwolla to Mt.Gox, and what they found was that the Mutum Sigilum bank account linked to the Dwolla account was not set up to transmit money as a business, and that the CEO of MtGox had 100% incorrectly set up the account.
So what actually happened is that the US Government realized that a US Bank Account was transmitting money on behalf of it's parent company's clients without having the proper account registration with their bank and also with the regulatory agencies.  That's it.  Dwolla does not transfer BTC, only USD.  
@_date: 2013-08-14 21:13:27
I don't think it's worth posting because nearly the exact same issue gets posted every day in this sub.  Of course it's important to you, but to everyone else it just looks like another rant about a BTC exchange.  If this was a new issue, or not even widely known, then I'd upvote for exposure.  However, if by now you have not heard about this issue with Coinbase, then you're simply not doing enough research on the exchanges you choose to use.
@_date: 2013-08-23 20:36:02
Sounds like you need a Blockchain crawler/explorer.  I've never used one, but I'm sure someone in this sub could link you to a user-friendly one, or they probably already have this info available in the bitcointalk.org forums.
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:49:21
and he's only a redditor for 9 hours...
@_date: 2013-05-01 18:37:53
Stop speculating.  You have no basis to claim that.  It's more than likely just heavy selling overwhelming the market.
@_date: 2013-04-23 19:11:01
This is possibly the most flawed use of math or logic that I've seen in this sub before.  And that's really saying something.
@_date: 2013-11-04 17:38:00
Actually, since BTC is still in its infancy as a currency, and because of its inherent commoditized nature, it is appropriate to use Market Cap.  But you can continue being a dick, sorry to interrupt.  
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:01:14
Yeah, no, that's not how it works.  Trading will not just resume at $120.  There is no price for MtGox now because there is no trading, and price can only be set by a valid transaction.  Trading will reopen with all new bid/ask spread that will reflect what people feel is a current fair price.  
@_date: 2013-09-18 19:57:49
Fair enough response.  I always err on the side of polite discourse in situations like that, especially because Dwolla has the right to close your account at their own desire (so the power really lies with them).  The old adage "you can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar" is a good rule of thumb.
@_date: 2013-05-15 17:51:41
You have no idea what you're talking about.  MtGox is beyond the reach of the US Government because they are a Japanese company.  They could be barred from doing business with the US and its citizens, but I would still be able to get an ACH wire transfer to my bank account from them.  The Fiat I have in my account with MtGox doesn't just evaporate into the thin air or lose value.  Just go back to posting dumb memes.  They are fantastic contributions to r/bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-07-02 21:37:39
Yeah, on all transactions, and they will also charge some form of annual fee as well for their "proprietary Vault storage methods".  The more I actually went through the filing, the more I found myself laughing.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:37:14
Classsssssic fat finger.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:07:24
I think the name is fine.  I didn't even think of Traitor until you brought it up.  I  naturally pronounce it "bit-rator", not "bit-traitor".
As for the service, I'd have to see how it actually works first.  I'm not sure why an arbitrager would want to provide their services to other people.  The whole point of arbitrage is that if it's easy to arbitrage, then there won't really be a point to arbitrage because everyone would just do it.  So if you create a service that makes arbitraging easy, then theoretically that should cause the prices to move back towards parity, and eliminate the arbitrage opportunity.  Basically, if your service operates well, it will be self defeating.
@_date: 2013-08-27 19:59:10
I use CampBX and Coinbase as my primary exchanges.  The only real downside to CampBX is that they have lower volume than some other exchanges, so that usually leads to a slightly higher bid/ask spread.  But all in all their fees aren't too high, and their execution platform is very nice.  
@_date: 2013-07-25 15:47:39
I hear your sarcasm, but I sort of disagree with your general sentiment.  I think it's just a difference in point of view, though.
Withdrawals have been reopened for a few weeks, and there are multiple verified reports of USD wire withdrawals being processed now(via MtGox's german bank, which to me means they are manually processing them).  So the spread should start coming down as MtGox catches up on the backlog.  As for the "dollar futures" and capital intensive comments, I really don't see it as such.  It's only capital intensive for someone who absolutely needs the money right this instant, and if someone really needs the money that quickly, then I would suggest that they stay away from bitcoin investing, or any investing for that matter.  Like I said in my original post, a 14% return in one months time is an amazing return in the investment world.  People here in Bitcoin world are thinking about and expecting 200%+ returns, and that's ridiculous from my point of view.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:25:29
Why does that keep you away?  Do you frequently move from BTC to Fiat and actually move the cash away from the exchange and back to your bank account?  That seems excessive.
It's just a one month period from the moment of your first Dwolla deposit to CampBX.  You can't get that money back from CampBX for 31 days that one time only.  After that it's same day transfers forever.  I actually think this is far better than what I had to go through with MtGox to get "verified".
@_date: 2013-05-22 19:53:48
Well, you could have then purchased that product from Best Buy for $25.  They instituted a new policy company wide to match online retailers pricing earlier this year.
@_date: 2013-05-29 16:19:03
So basically you want people to give you a kindle.  Good luck with that.
@_date: 2013-05-23 21:16:37
Personally, I'd lump Bitcoin into the commodities bucket, so yes, I think by law any US Citizen with over $10k (at any point) sitting in a MtGox account would have to file a FBAR.
@_date: 2013-07-19 14:11:22
US Dollar withdrawals from MtGox are not being processed.  That causes an artificial boost in the price at MtGox.  
This is fairly well known
@_date: 2013-06-06 23:15:56
No, I didn't mean that at all.  I'm implying that if his opinion is so important and valid, why does he feel the need to hide behind a throwaway account?  He's not doing anything illegal by talking about his philosophical views on society.  
Don't make assumptions about who I am or what I would do in a given situation.  
@_date: 2013-04-29 14:15:21
Smart money will always find a way to take the retail investors money.  IG Group is acting as a market maker in this case, and there's really no regulation around their trading as well.  They could easily manipulate the price via excessive buying or selling directly at the exchange, and basically put their own derivatives portfolio in the money at the right times.
@_date: 2013-12-06 19:07:48
do you not understand how the exchanges function?  If someone is selling, then someone else is buying...  It's a zero sum game.  The exchanges don't pay people with their own money.
@_date: 2013-05-24 20:13:53
Technically you're selling yourself short.  There's only 11,193,375 BTC in circulation currently (and most of that is sitting cold).
@_date: 2013-06-04 16:46:43
this link is fake. zerohedges.com?  it's zerohedge.com
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:09:53
Pro Tip:  No one cares what CNBC says.  That's why their viewership numbers are at their lowest rate in 20 years...
@_date: 2013-09-12 16:52:00
basically he wants someone to provide him with an exchange that he can use in the UK, and how he can get money from his HSBC bank account to that exchange.
AKA please do all my own research and work for me.  Real go-getter this one.
@_date: 2013-09-04 20:16:29
No, not necessarily.  It really comes down to running the numbers internally.  They probably estimated what the old hardware could add to their hashrate, and what estimated return that would generate.  Then they calculated how much they could sell the old hardware for, and what return that would generate.  Then you just do some financial discounting to bring everything back to a present value, and voila, you have the numbers to make an informed financial decision.  Looks like ASICminer went with selling the old hardware now (before more power hits the market and the old hardware becomes even more obsolete, and less valuable).
@_date: 2013-09-19 16:52:15
Someone wanted to sell around 2.5 - 5K of BTC.  Just normal market action.
@_date: 2013-08-02 21:03:48
I have a subquestion to tack on to this (because most people already know the answer to OPs question):  Today I was looking at CampBX's market book, and their orders were hanging right around $98 (consistently).  However, when I was checking my coinbase account, the price could be very different, and fluctuate very quickly.  For one 10 minute period, Coinbase was offering me a sell price of $102, and then 10 minutes later it would offer me a sell price of $97...
It kept fluctuating like that for a few hours.  What would cause Coinbase's buy/sell prices to fluctuate so rapidly?  I was seriously considering some arbitrage.
@_date: 2013-11-20 16:22:10


Exactly.  For Starbucks, Bitcoin is a godsend.  They do millions of sub $5 dollar transactions every day, and they likely pay $0.25 to $0.50 for most debit card transactions, and even more for credit card transactions.  If they could get even 5% of their customers to pay with bitcoins, it would be a massive boost to their bottom lines.  Starbucks would be a perfect guinea pig for the first major market player to step up and accept Bitcoin as payment.
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:11:41
There's nothing to discuss.  Someone sold 5-10k of bitcoins which took out the Bids all the way down to $150 (where there was a standing buy of 1k that stopped the decline).  
The same thing has been happening on the upside as well all week, but no one wants to discuss that, just post memes and make wild conjectures with no basis.  
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:15:35
I can't 100% say whether this is correct or not, but I'd guess that the order book just isn't that deep since they don't have much volume.  
For example, look at the clark moody price charting page.  At the bottom they show the MtGox order book.  at the moment if you wanted to sell 10 coins, you could get it done at 119.31. Once you go past 10 coins, the top bid is eaten up and the next bid is at a price of 119.20 (where you can get 3 BTC sold).  My guess is that they just aren't displaying the order book so you're seeing an average price.
@_date: 2013-06-10 19:35:42
Nope.  Dwolla only really functions with CampBX, and they've got a month long hold on the initial deposit.  You might be able to contact CampBX and have them waive the restriction, but I doubt it.
@_date: 2013-09-11 15:58:04
I just don't see it getting made.  Maybe they could host some sort of ETF security at Havelock Investments, but I don't know where (or how) else they would facilitate that fund.
Edit: Not sure what dickhead felt like downvoting me for stating my opinion.  There isn't a single bitcoin ETF in existence at the moment, and if you try and tell me about the winklevoss twins I will laugh in your face.  The SEC is never going to approve that fund.
@_date: 2013-06-27 02:53:00
Ah, I understand now. For some reason his comment just didn't work in my head.  Yes, banning something typically only increases it's desire in the public mind.  But to my point, alcohol and weed are both well known in the public mindset.  People have divergent views on both, but for the most part, they are all familiar with booze and weed. Bitcoin is still an obscure, new beast that a lot of people don't understand or even know about.  Until the public becomes more familiar with bitcoin, I don't think the Streisand Effect would truly work.  I believe this is partly do to the intangible nature of bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:58:01
A "typical day trader" is using far more advanced charting techniques than looking at the most recent transaction on bitcoinity...  
However, if by "typical day trader" you meant "bitcoin speculator trying to time the market", well then yeah, they'd be looking at bitcoinity.
@_date: 2013-06-26 14:19:52
Question:  If you're really stressed about getting your fiat out of Mt.Gox, why wouldn't you just move your BTC to another exchange, sell there, and then pull your money out from the new exchange?  Sure, there's a small price gap between MtGox and other exchanges, but that exists because people can't remove their USD from MtGox.  Moving your BTC and selling on a different exchange wouldn't cause you a dramatic loss in money or profits, and you'd be able to get your fiat in quick fashion.
@_date: 2013-05-23 17:29:12
Youth's certainly do not have the most money.  They typically have the least money because they have no gainful employment.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:31:46
That I agree with.  People who take the time to make their transactions obscured via coin tumblers and general safety/paranoia will be very difficult to track.  However, for the government to care enough to really go after bitcoin taxes, BTC would have to become a mainstream payment system.  Mainstreamers would not put much thought towards hiding their transactions and identity.
@_date: 2013-05-30 18:02:08
I guess I understand the thought behind using the final amount of 21 million BTC, but only if I was trying to estimate potential value 10-15 years in the future when a great deal of the total BTC would have already been mined.  However, only about 55% of the total BTC have been mined currently, and only about 80% will have been mined by 2018 (rough estimates given the problems we are seeing with mining overcapacity).
I still think that assuming all 21 million BTC are in circulation is very risky and should not be used for estimation/valuation purposes.  It would be far more prudent to incorporate the increased supply into your model over time like the system is currently designed.  That removes the assumption that adoption rates will be strong enough to absorb the new capacity in circulation over time.
@_date: 2013-05-30 19:01:44
I keep seeing all these discussions, and I just can't get behind the movement to change the way we quote prices in BTC to mBTC.  I think it's stupid that we're having this debate.  
Why?  Because for the most part everyone wants to see fiat currencies become marginalized, but then they complain when the conversion rate from BTC to fiat isn't convenient for them.  It's hypocritical.  
@_date: 2013-06-13 15:11:30
Trust me, the subreddit is well aware.  Every other post that hits the new section is about BitInstant.  We get it.  Their new site sucks and people are pissed.  No, we can't help you with that.
@_date: 2013-05-17 18:48:46
How much money do you think miners actually make?  Now take that amount, and compare it to the amount that you think Facebook makes from advertising revenue.  Get the picture?
Edit: In case you don't, the difference is astronomical.
@_date: 2013-09-18 19:58:14
and then they close your account.  
@_date: 2013-05-08 18:38:36
I'm in the same boat.  I don't know programming (how I wish I had focused on programming AND finance in school) or cryptography very well, but bitcoin is certainly giving me an in depth lesson.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:50:58
You're just plain wrong.  Simple as that.  You can downvote me all you want, but you're wrong.
If I own 20k BTC, and I wish to sell them all right now, then I'm going to destroy the price with my market order.  I'm going to take out an incredible amount of bids and make the spread wider than the Mississippi.  That's not manipulation.  It's not my fault that the only exchange that can handle my volume is shitty MtGox, whose trading engine is a joke.  
@_date: 2013-07-25 21:27:52
Use a cumulative profit for sure.  Base it off of what his and your time horizon is.  If you want to invest bitcoins for him for a year, then make it the cumulative return for the whole year.  If your time horizon is only a month, then make it for the month.  I wouldn't choose any period longer than a year though.
@_date: 2013-09-04 22:04:26
You're probably right.
@_date: 2013-07-25 15:59:35
Standard hedge fund fees are "2 and 20", meaning they take 2% of the total invested assets as a management fee each year, and then 20% of all profits over a certain hurdle rate.
In your case, you could choose to just take the 20% of all profits, or your could charge a 1% management fee and then take 20% of all profits over a hurdle rate of 5%.  Really depends on how much you like your friend.
@_date: 2013-06-13 20:15:54
A former boss/mentor of mine used to say a phrase all the time: "Hope is not an investment strategy."
Now, he was saying that in relation to stocks, bonds, commodities, etc.  What he meant was that due diligence must be done on any investment candidate, and it needs to be incredibly thorough.  Hope should not be a part of the equation. When the due diligence is done, you should be confident in whether or not the candidate is a good investment (and if you're wishy-washy, then it's not a good investment). With that said, doing the due diligence work on Bitcoin is much more complex and difficult because there is far less fundamental data to analyze, but if you really understand BTC, the data is there to be culled from.  
Can you say you've done the due diligence?  Or are you just hoping BTC is successful?
@_date: 2013-08-27 20:32:39
It's clear you don't understand much of anything about Bitcoin.  I'd suggest you spend a few hours reading about the creation of bitcoin and how the bitcoin protocol actually works.  If you're still confused, then feel free to come back and ask questions, and people will be happy to provide solid answers.
Basically, you just walked into the bitcoin subreddit and posted a really uninformed question/comment.  I see you frequently comment in the Formula1 subreddit.  The equivalent of this post would be me going to the Formula1 subreddit and asking/saying something incredibly uninformed like "I think Formula 1 is stupid because ..."
@_date: 2013-11-21 02:52:20
So from one comment on reddit, you feel like you know enough about me and my thoughts on bitcoin to make a comment like that?  Maybe that's a little rash of an assertion?
@_date: 2013-11-19 16:00:48
Yes, there are many exchanges now, but BitStamp is still one of the larger ones, and an unexplained site outtage will breed fear amongst people who can't access their BTC at Stamp.  It won't cause a huge crater in the price, but I can definitely see a big drop happening the moment the site comes back up.
@_date: 2013-05-30 17:48:42
Yeah, I understand the math of it.  How you convince people to play is another question entirely, though.
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:21:55
CampBX works fine for me.
@_date: 2013-08-19 13:18:51
Stop thinking.  You're going to hurt yourself.  You clearly lack a fundamental understanding of the BTC markets...
@_date: 2013-06-26 17:28:58
First, I'll start by saying that I've had nearly identical conversations with the few peers I have that do know and understand bitcoin.  We reached the same conclusion that your friend and his colleagues came to.  If bitcoin takes off, it will probably take 5-10 years for it to gain real acceptance, and in that time frame, it's likely the government will figure out a reason/way to regulate bitcoin into obscurity.
As for the Streisand Effect side of your post, I think that bitcoin isn't really going to see a pop from that.  In my opinion, for the Streisand Effect to work correctly the main topic must be something that is already popular or well known in the public mind (for example, it's namesake, Barbara Streisand).  Bitcoin is far from well known or popular to the general public.  We here on lose sight of this because we tend to immerse ourselves in bitcoin news and updates, but my guess would be that probably 95% or more of the general population doesn't know about Bitcoin yet.  I just feel like most people don't care about bitcoin or anything like it because they are generally content with the current state of fiat currency in their daily lives.  The regulation of Bitcoin wouldn't affect them.  Their awareness might be raised, but if they don't really care in the first place, the effect will be minimal at best.
@_date: 2013-06-11 17:44:57
Well, let me first say that I hope you are correct, and I am BTC holder because I think there is a small potential that you will be correct.  However, I think the odds are stacked against bitcoin.  
For Bitcoin to be successful, it needs to reach a critical mass (don't ask me what that critical mass is though).  I think it's easy for BTC to seem captivating to people who are already involved in BTC, but to outsiders, Bitcoin is very confusing and shady.  I'm a staunch believer that people don't change much from a behavioral and philosophical standpoint, and a major concern will be giving up their physical, "known all my life" dollar bills and coins for a volatile, cryptographic based currency that you can't actually hold in your hand.
The major hurdle I see facing BTC is not regulation (which is a foregone conclusion.  BTC is not going to replace government control over money. Not in my lifetime, at least.), but actually getting Joe Schmoe from Sioux Falls to understand that BTC even exists, how it functions, and why he should use it over physical money like the US Dollar.  Getting youth to take up BTC will not be difficult because the youth are always ready to adapt to new technology.  The key will be getting the older millenials (26+) and anyone over that age to accept BTC.
The barriers that will prevent people from accepting BTC are just too numerous, in my opinion.  Until new technology and startups crop up that simplify the buying process, secure the holding of BTC, and make transacting with BTC absolutely painless to the average person/business, I don't see BTC reaching critical mass.
Edit:  As for gains, for us to see any sort of gain like the "early adopters" saw, the price would have to rise to over $5,000 USD per BTC.  I'm basing that off of the assumption that an early adopter could have bought in around $5 and sold out around $250 at the top of the bubble.  You could say that I'm using an unrealistic amount for the sellout moment, but that could also be said of my buy-in price, which could have been much lower (think of the return if you had gotten in when BTC was less than $1.00 a coin!?!).
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:03:21
That would depend greatly on what the price of 1 BTC is over time.  Excluding price fluctuations, if the dividend remained .011 BTC per week, it would take about 120 weeks (2.3 years) to recoup the initial 1.3 BTC investment.  
Edit: That's also not accounting for any fees you might be paying on pass through shares.
@_date: 2013-04-11 15:23:20
You are totally right that it's everyone's own fault (including my own) for buying into a bubble.  However, absolving MtGox of some blame here is silly.  Their infrastructure has been revealed as a joke and this has effectively made them complicit in the bubble popping.
@_date: 2013-06-28 19:03:11
I understand your frustration with Dwolla, but I also understand Dwolla's point of view as well.  With all of the pressure being exerted on Dwolla and the Bitcoin community by regulations, I understand why Dwolla would want to be heavy handed.  ESPECIALLY after the MtGox account seizure.
Try and look at it from Dwolla's perspective:  They are trying to maintain a successful startup money transferal business (which is already under a lot of regulatory scrutiny without its connection to bitcoin).  Then the Mt.Gox seizure happens.  At that point they probably started really worrying about how their relationship with bitcoin could affect the entire company.  In your specific situation, you were unknowingly breaking Dwolla's terms of service.  The latin phrase "ignorantia juris non excusat" (ignorance of the law is no excuse) applies.  Still, they would have been willing to work with you despite this, but your account got pulled into a fraud investigation because an account you received payment from was hacked/stolen/whatever.  If I were dwolla, I would have shut down your account as well at that point because the risk has become too great (even though you were a great customer for over a year).  
However, I think it's excessive that they then messed with your campbx transfers, which got you banned from campbx as well.  I would continue trying to talk with both Dwolla and CampBx to get your accounts restored.  I feel like CampBX could be persuaded since you didn't break any rules there.  Sorry bout your troubles, though.
@_date: 2013-06-27 15:11:30
you realize that at current prices, BTC would need to move to $100,000 USD/BTC to get that ROI, right?
@_date: 2013-08-15 18:38:22
Please don't incite other subreddits.  Bitcoin is an unregulated currency, and people aren't going to be comfortable investing in bitcoin stocks like they will with Apple (and any other listed security with audited financials and hundreds of billions in market cap).
Don't be naive.
@_date: 2013-05-08 21:09:48
But would it?  Is that really how the price of a share fluctuates?  No, seriously, I really don't know. I'm not very familiar with ASICMINER and the shareholder system.
My finance perspective would think that the price of a share is actually tied to the value of the dividends. If the value of BTC went up, then your dividends would be worth more as well, which would make owning the shares more valuable and demandable, hence a higher share price.  
@_date: 2013-11-20 17:21:34
Confirmed!  Traded out of some BTC an hour or so ago, and I was charged my correct commission amount despite my home page saying the rate was 0.5%.  Just a display error at this point.
@_date: 2013-05-01 13:40:42
You're being paranoid.  The IRS is not actively tracking your withdrawals from MtGox or your bank accounts.  There's nothing illegal about withdrawing your money. It's YOUR money.  
However, if a portion of that $1,000 is considered profit from an investment, then you are subject to short term capital gains tax just like any other investment.  Pay your taxes and there is nothing to be worried about.
@_date: 2013-09-12 16:12:10
No, Gold has physical applications and industrial applications.  It has real intrinsic value.  You don't physically make things with dollar bills or BTC.  That's what I would distinguish as "intrinsic value".  However, that doesn't mean that I necessarily disagree with you.  Instead, I feel like the concept of Fiat and intrinsic value is becoming outdated with the advent of new digital crypto-currencies.  One could argue both ways that BTC has no intrinsic value or that the intrinsic value lies in the protocol itself.  Both arguments would be valid.
@_date: 2013-05-22 19:51:35
I wasn't trying to be critical.  I just thought it was an interesting observation.  Also, I should point out that Best Buy now matches any online retailers pricing for any product that Best Buy carries in their store.  First step in combatting "showrooming"
@_date: 2013-06-11 20:11:15
I agree that if Bitcoin continues to prosper that it will likely grow in acceptance by several orders of magnitude.  That's just logical.
However, I would like to talk a little more about major businesses accepting BTC in tandem with how you touched on future bubble &amp; burst scenarios.  I think one of the biggest factors keeping a major company like Amazon, walmart, etc from accepting BTC is the repeatable Bubble &amp; Burst that we've seen in BTC multiple times.  Companies want stable revenue streams that are reliable.  For BTC to be taken seriously and adopted by the business community, we would need to see fairly long periods of price stability versus major global currencies.  A company that earns revenue in the millions of USD in a single day won't tolerate a commodity like currency that fluctuates wildly.  There's just too much currency risk, and the accounting would become more complex.  On top of that, how would a company of that size hide their BTC account structure from competitors or malicious threats?  All transactions would be visible on the blockchain, and the company would have to institute a very thorough plan just to conceal their financial transactions (and they would because no company wants to reveal any data like that to their competition).
So yeah, those are just some of the major hurdles that a company looking to adopt BTC would face.  A lot of people can't fathom why a major company wouldn't want to accept BTC as a form of payment. I, on the other hand, have a hard time understanding why a major company WOULD want to accept BTC as a form of payment.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:29:23
It's been posted in many times recently...
@_date: 2013-06-11 16:18:05
I think we are no longer "early adopters" in the sense of a meteoric rise in the price of BTC.  That period is over, and to have participated, you needed to have purchased BTC earlier than May 2011 (though you would have also been able to purchase between November 2011 and May 2012).
In my opinion, we are now in what I'll call the "early implementation" phase.  During this phase price gains will be muted in comparison to the early adoption phase.  What will drive returns for this group is the ongoing uptake and implementation of Bitcoin worldwide.  The more businesses and individuals that begin using BTC, the more valuable the currency will become.  I think this next year or two will be the most critical times for BTC.  Ok, so we've captured some of the tech world and cryptography community.  BTC needs to begin capturing normal people and businesses now.  Now we need all the BTC startups to show up on the scene and make transacting in BTC simple, easy, and as secure (or more) than traditional banking.
If we don't begin to get the regular, average joe community into BTC in the next year, BTC will fizzle out and fade away.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:02:21
So that bright red message stating "Deposit Addresses have an expiry date" didn't clue you in?
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:21:16
arbitrary technical analysis.  
@_date: 2013-07-02 19:23:25
I think that is just the initial distribution plans.  I fail to see how they would have a successful ETF if the minimum current entry level was $1 Million.  There would be no liquidity.  
@_date: 2013-05-29 20:54:17
I'd be happy if they just forced you to answer an economics or finance question before you were able to post a thread. The "New" section would become tolerable again.
@_date: 2013-08-23 20:26:23
In reality, I'm on OP's side, and I agree with what he's generally saying.  But you can't talk in absolutes.  Bitcoin has already seen issues arise (and then be dealt with).  To say that a coin will never ever be counterfeited, well, that's a bet that i'm willing to take the other side of.  Because when the concept of money is involved, people will always try to find ways to counterfeit it.  And someone will eventually succeed (and then the protocol will be adjusted to prevent that exploit going forward.  Hence the beauty of bitcoin).
@_date: 2013-09-11 19:07:55
haha practically anything.  Basically, they have an algorithm running behind the scenes that flags transactions.  It seems to be fairly arbitrary and heavy handed in flagging transactions.  HOWEVER!  If you do manage to have a transaction flagged as "high risk", you can reach out to coinbase support and they will go into your account and force the transaction through at the original transaction details rate.  They will "white list" you after that to make sure you don't get flagged again.  
Coinbase does not have a large support staff though, so it can take a week to get a high risk transaction sorted out sometimes.
@_date: 2013-06-05 19:42:59
300k USD is approximately 2500 BTC, so definitely a market moving amount if purchased/sold all at once.  You'll have to attack this problem in stages, so I'll take the answer in stages as well.
First, you need to get that 300k USD from a bank account to an exchange.  With an amount that large, you'll want to only work with a reputable, higher volume, safe exchange.  In my opinion, your only options are to move this money via ACH Transfer, or a wire transfer.  ACH will be the cheapest route, and take several days to complete, but it's safe.  Wire transfer will be very quick and safe, but the fees could be fairly high.  Some banks charge a flat fee while others charge a percentage of the total transfer amount. You'd need to see what your current bank charges in regards to a wire transfer.
You'll probably have to go the wire route because I don't think many major exchanges allow ACH transfers for deposits (typically only withdrawals).  
So now your money is at an exchange and you need to buy BTC.  That's the easy part.  You're going to pay a set commission amount on the total $ amount of your trades (probably would average out to 0.4% on MtGox or BTC-E.  Note that MtGox only charges the commission when you purchase BTC, while BTC-E charges the commission on both buying and selling.)  So at this point you've probably paid a wire transaction fee (based on your banks rate), and you've paid 0.4% commission on converting your USD to BTC and then back to USD/EUR.  
Now you have to transfer the money out of the exchange and into your bank account in EUR.  You're going to pay the same wire fee that you initially paid, or you could possibly avoid this by setting up ACH transfer.  BTC-E offers SEPA transfer into any Euro area bank (and this is typically free I believe).  So if you take the time to do this right, you may not pay any fees on the outbound transfer.
So, if all goes well, you'd have to pay the initial wire fee and the trading commissions.  You could move your BTC to BTC-E and sell the coins there, and initiate a SEPA transfer to the bank account of your choice. From looking at [this list of US Bank wire fees]( it looks like you could move the money to a US exchange for around $25, or internationally for about $50.  My best guess is your total cost on the 300k would be about $1,250.
The downsides:  First, you're opening yourself up to currency risk because BTC is inherently risky at this point.  You would have to stage out your purchasing and selling of BTC over the course of a few days so as not to move the market price through your actions.  During that period the price could move and you may lose (or gain) a portion of your funds.  Second, you're probably going to have to deal with exchanges that don't handle volume and transfers on your level very much.  They will be wary of your transfer and its purposes.  I would most certainly contact any exchange you plan to deal with before hand and explain to them exactly what you would like to do and if they will assist you throughout the process to ensure that everything is set up correctly.
That's all I've got for now.
TL-DR:  The initial wire transfer and trading fees will likely cost you about 0.4% of the total 300k (~$1,250).  SEPA bank transfer to a Euro area bank account in EUR would be free.  Speak to any bank or Bitcoin exchange you intend to deal with BEFORE diving in to make sure they can handle your needs (both from a liquidity perspective and a general competence perspective).
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:47:59
Nothing is stopping you.  But you won't be able to move your Fiat out of MtGox.
@_date: 2013-05-08 17:32:34
Yep, I'm going to request an expansion on that reply since it was so intriguingly obscure.
@_date: 2013-07-19 16:19:48
So the owner of the site made a really, really (REALLY) dumb error, and the community decided to rally around him?  Don't reward people for making mistakes.  come on people.  He doesn't even have checks and balances in place surrounding withdrawals and payouts!!!  
@_date: 2013-05-24 18:53:24
I hear you, but I just don't think that's what is causing this price movement.  I only know a handful of currency desks that are actively trading BTC, and they are not trading it because they see BTC as a safe investment.  They are trading it because it's easy to rake in gains when volatility is high.
There may be a select few small professional investors moving more into BTC, but the volume just isn't there to tell me that big players are coming in.  If pro's were taking risk off the table and moving into BTC, We would see way more volume.  MtGox is showing less thank 40k BTC traded today.  That's not even $5M USD.  That's nothing.
@_date: 2013-04-24 19:31:42
You drew circles on a chart.  Congratulations.
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:08:04
wait, what?  First, why do you think this is a publicity stunt?  Second, did you think that they actually shipped oil in barrels?  That's just a unit of measure.  They use enormous capesize oil tankers and offload the oil to holding facilities or refineries directly.  Third, I've never heard of anyone being able to procure just 1 barrel of oil.  They trade by thousands of barrels typically.
I don't think this is possible to do in any sort of efficient manner.  That doesn't even begin to address why you think it would be a "publicity stunt".
@_date: 2013-06-27 19:00:58
Of course, but OP is talking about actively saving via BTC.  That would infer he is further contributing to his current amount of savings at current pricing levels.  
And honestly, unless you can say that you're entire BTC holdings were purchased at prices below $10 (which is the minority around these parts), then the price would still have to get very, very high to produce an ROI like Avemo said.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:28:20
What do you mean by "except when it doesn't"?  As for the rest, I agree that technical analysis is basically for the birds in most situations, and fundamental analysis should always be the go to.  But like one of my earlier comment's edits states, there really isn't a good way to do fundamental analysis on Bitcoin (not like a traditional currency at least).  So in the absence of fundamental analysis, technical analysis will have to do.  Also, technical analysis can be a useful tool when looking at shorter terms such as OP's analysis.  
You took my rubber band analogy a little too literally.  I was just trying to illustrate how trends tend to be mean reverting, and that when a correction occurs, it typically falls too far to the downside before recouping some of the losses and stabilizing.  I think today's price movements have been a good example of that.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:36:35
Well then I think you'd agree that a temporary 2 hour price fluctuation is nothing in comparison to that bubble popping.
@_date: 2013-06-03 18:25:20
Yeah, don't believe everything that you read at face value.  The entire turkish stock market was down over 10% on the protests/riots and instability.  I've read nothing yet that actually suggests the Turkish banks are under any sort of real threat to solvency.  This isn't a fundamental financial problem with their banks.  It's just citizens protesting, and from what I understand, the number of protestors is not very large (not on the scale of what would be needed to take down a bank).  
@_date: 2013-09-09 20:03:00
Oh, I didn't mean to sound like I'm saying you're defaming CampBX.  You're not. I just wanted to offer some prescient advice in case you decided to take legal action.  While your words here have not defamed CampBX, in the event of lawsuit brought against their company, they would very likely file countersuit alleging defamation.  It doesn't matter that the countersuit would be baseless.  It's about the fact that you're just one guy, and you likely have less resources to finance an extended lawsuit.  They would try to stack the odds against you by making it very costly for you to litigate this issue. That's what I was really alluding to.
@_date: 2013-07-19 16:13:39
Supply and demand.  that is all.
@_date: 2013-11-20 20:51:20
No matter what, Starbucks would still be paying the interchange fee, and likely a small percentage or flat fee on top of that aka "Interchange Plus".  Yes, they would negotiate a lower rate than the average store, but the interchange rate alone is still much larger than the fees of a bitcoin transaction.  The $0.25-$0.50 that I quoted is the federally regulated interchange rate.
@_date: 2013-05-16 16:50:59
No, it was not a long and worthless post.  I took the time needed to explain the answer to OP's question, unlike your short and incorrect answer.  But that's fine, you can think what you want.  I've actually done the arbitraging system before, and it works. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 18:12:09
This argument is thoroughly oversimplified, and can't be widely applied.  If a company was selling light bulbs that lasted 100 years, they would charge far more for that light bulb than the bulb that lasts 5 years.  Otherwise they would put themselves out of business after a couple years because no one would continue to buy their products because no one would need to buy new lightbulbs for generations.  The price difference between a 5 year bulb and 100 year bulb would have to be very significant.
@_date: 2013-07-02 19:13:11
I don't think you'll be able to ask for physical delivery of bitcoins via this ETF.  And even if you did, they will only redeem in "basket" amounts, which are 10,000 BTC each.  
Yes, this ETF will open up Bitcoin to widespread manipulation.  I should state clearly that I am not one of the ignorant people who hang around here screaming "Manipulation!" every time the price jumps or drops.  That's just natural market action.  But with this ETF, it's hard for me to believe that people won't actively manipulate the market to drive the price of the ETF.  
Example:  The ETF will be shortable.  It would be very simple for a large trader to sell short a large block of the ETF shares, and he could even do so on margin.  After he has amassed his large short position, he could dump 10k BTC at the market price and drive down the price of BTC significantly.  The ETF price would follow the physical BTC price, and the trader could exit his leveraged short having made a substantial profit on his market manipulating trade.
This is a major concern for me, and I don't think the community realizes how exploitable this is yet.
@_date: 2013-08-26 19:16:41
Well, to be fair, your theories and speculation are about just as valid as the trolls.
@_date: 2013-06-26 18:55:02
Yes, it would count as income because the bitcoin represents payment for services rendered.  Capital gains only applies to investments.  You worked for those bitcoins.  Capital gains would only apply if you had purchased the bitcoins with your own fiat, and then held the bitcoins without re-exchanging them into fiat again.
@_date: 2013-08-29 17:41:50
and here's the comment from &gt; Happy to address this.
Our goal with this piece was to collect disparate data points to empower the many concerned market participants to determine their own comfort level around Mt. Goxs liquidity position. After quite a bit of time spent on this, the final executive decision to pull it was based on the room for potential misinterpretation.
The main takeaways from the piece were as follows: *The data suggests Mt. Goxs total expenses and frozen funds are likely larger than their lifetime fiat revenue, but questions remain about how theyve managed their significant BTC revenues. The piece outlined three potential scenarios, though there could be nearly infinite alternatives. Again, the goal was to show how one could use the data available to make a determination of their own comfort. *The withdrawal hiatus is likely caused by what Mt. Gox stated - problems with traditional banks. What they didnt mention is that the root cause of those problems was almost certainly the account seizures. Warrants are a matter of public record, but they may have been advised not to comment on a pending legal case, resulting in confusion and panic in the market. *Most US banks are unlikely to open an account for a company under federal investigations. Knowing that's probably the cause of the withdrawal hiatus, its unclear how they plan to resolve the issue. *Mt. Gox has been an integral piece of the incredible bitcoin story for a long time. The next phase of the market will call for vastly different management tactics than have worked to date. Namely transparency, proactive PR and statements from professional auditors would help them sustain the business they've worked so hard to build.
No conspiracies here, we simply elected not to publish an analysis that depends on educated assumptions and could easily be misinterpreted. Please keep that in mind if you decide to read it.
@_date: 2013-05-15 21:20:25
Should you be getting out of Mt.Gox?  Yes, we all should.  There are several other exchanges that offer a better overall product, and they haven't made colossal mistakes like Gox has.
However, Japan will not be compelled to shut down MtGox.  There's no legal basis for that at present.  New international (or japanese) regulations would have to be adopted before that prospect would occur.
@_date: 2013-08-15 21:15:45
That account is done.  Kiss it goodbye.
@_date: 2013-06-03 18:24:01
Exactly.  Everything I've seen posted so far is just someone making a sensationalist claim.  It takes a massive amount of people to cause a run on a bank, and even then the government would likely step in to support the bank in the short term (or until stability returned).
@_date: 2013-06-26 21:04:25
Ok, so it is relatable in an economic sense because it's an outcome of fractional reserve banking.  But foreclosure's wouldn't go away if the entire world moved to Bitcoin as their currency.  People would still default on their loans and have to be foreclosed upon.
@_date: 2013-08-19 15:32:48
Beware the trap that is "Investor Sentiment".  Investors, by and large, are a foolish bunch and they tend to move in herds.  When sentiment is very high, and investors are overly-bullish, it usually is a sign that momentum is overextended, and prices are due for a pullback.  Works in the opposite way too.  
@_date: 2013-05-22 20:59:19
24 hours does not make a trend.  Volume has been low in general recently.
@_date: 2013-08-14 20:53:20
Well, in the full Q&amp;A, DPR says it's fine to describe him as "he" since he's using "Dread Pirate Roberts" as his username.  He doesn't specifically clarify if he is male or female, but he does point to the fact that approximately 75% of the SR community are males.  I feel like this is the only question about his identity that he was comfortable with giving a pseudo-answer.  Everything else was just "no comment" style.
@_date: 2013-08-26 17:39:27
would be more receptive to this.  You're probably about to get downvoted to hell, though, considering you've drawn what appears to be a pretty wide, arbitrary trend channel.
@_date: 2013-05-24 19:15:03
The Nikkei was up +80% since Oct-Nov of 2012!  A 7% drop is a joke in comparison to that move.  Perspective: People lose it around here.  Plus that move had a very minor effect on the US markets.  Today's trading in Japan was volatile as well, but the market still closed in the green there.  
Cyprus was an isolated macroeconomic event.  That actually did affect BTC, and for good reason.  That is still the most ridiculous banking fiasco I've witnessed in my life.
Technical movements aren't necessarily gradual or rapid.  It was just a pattern that I have been looking at for a week or so since the price was finally consolidating at a stable rate around the $120-$125 levels.  I had been sitting in fiat but decided to move back into BTC earlier this week in anticipation of a technical move in the late week.  In this case, I was correct.  But things could have easily gone against me as well.  It doesn't take much money to move the price of BTC.
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:18:06
I can only comment on US tax law.  Here in the US, that's income.  you were paid with something that has value.  You're required to report the USD value of whatever you were compensated with.  You are then legally required to pay taxes on that income, just like if you had been paid in USD.
@_date: 2013-05-23 17:29:47
Sidebar.  It's all in the sidebar.
@_date: 2013-07-23 16:58:29
MtGox's price is higher because they recently had a moratorium on USD withdrawals.  So if you wanted your money out of MtGox in USD, you were forced to purchase BTC at MtGox and then transfer it to a seperate exchange to sell.  This artificially inflated the price at MtGox and lowered the prices at other exchanged.
MtGox has lifted the moratorium on US Withdrawals, but they still have a 2 week backlog in processing withdrawals, so the price difference still persists.
@_date: 2013-09-09 19:34:40
Well, your story is light on details, so I'm not ready to condemn CampBX yet.  
However, I would recommend that you retain a lawyer in the Atlanta metro area, and file suit against BulBul.  I would also contact the better business bureau in Atlanta to file a complaint.  If you go this route, I'd delete this post and any other defaming comments you may have made regarding CampBX or BulBul to ensure that they would not counter for defamation.
If you haven't tried calling them directly yet, this is their number: (510) 545-3987.  But at this point, I would not contact them without a lawyer present (if you're really intent on getting your BTC back without trading out).
Edit:  Additional thought - the issue you are dealing with could very well be Dwolla related since you used Dwolla to deposit your USD.  It's conceivable that the size of your transfers raised a flag at Dwolla, and Dwolla then instructed CampBX to freeze your BTC pending internal investigation.  Dwolla is really the power holder in that relationship, so CampBX would just follow Dwolla's orders or Dwolla would stop working with them (like pretty much every other exchange).
@_date: 2013-06-26 18:59:17
I don't follow what you mean...  Could you expound a little?
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:22:20
The sad part is I'm sure MtGox is aware of this issue, and can't really do much about it given the overall shittyness of their trading engine.
@_date: 2013-08-02 22:02:00
Yeah, they say they update prices every 10 seconds. I was just really surprised at the large fluctuations. There was definitely a 4-5% arbitrage spread between coinbase and CampBX, after fees.
@_date: 2013-05-13 18:33:19
I think you're getting negative feedback because bitcoin isn't exactly a normal topic for a personal finance class.  Your professor probably views the topic as a distraction.  Add to that the fact that most people don't know anything about BTC, let alone actually understand BTC.  
Basically, you're in for a very difficult time.
@_date: 2013-09-05 17:26:54
Sounds like a very one-off kind of issue.  Just keep inquiring with Coinbase.  There must be a record in their system that shows your "To" address from above being generated.  Just be patient.
@_date: 2013-07-19 18:28:48
yes, it did.  Are you saying that criminals don't use bitcoins?  OP was obviously paraphrasing a conversation he had with John Lothian.  You're taking the comments out of context and extrapolating it to mean that Lothian thinks every bitcoin user is a criminal.
@_date: 2013-08-20 17:14:08
There's no advantage or disadvantage.  You will either get the price you want, or you wont.  Making your order visible in the depth chart should theoretically have no effect on that.
Now, with that said, if you're placing a 1000 BTC block order and you decide NOT to go dark pool with it, then that large of an order might influence at what price smaller players would be willing to enter their orders at.  Still, the effect would be little, if any.
@_date: 2013-09-11 15:19:13
Until you can trade the BPI like a traditional index fund, this really doesn't mean anything.
@_date: 2013-05-07 20:58:01
I'm confused with this second string.  What am I missing?  I was supposed to change the crytobin url manually? 
@_date: 2013-07-26 15:48:53
Actually, either way is perfectly fine.  It's really up to you and your friend.  Some people like getting monthly dividends, and others just want their investment to grow.  Is your friend financially well established?  Example:  Say your friend is heading to work one day, and suddenly his car breaks down and it's going to cost him 3 grand to fix it.  Is he going to need his money back from you to be able to fix his car, or is he financially stable enough to handle unexpected burdens like that?
If your friend is financially stable, then I think it would be prudent to have him reinvest profits/dividends each month.  Reinvesting profits is a good way to grow the initial investment, and gives you more financial power to work with.  If he's not financially stable, then you might consider just giving him the profits every month and taking your cut.
One thing to keep in mind is how you would handle months when you have a negative rate of return.  Are you going to give money back to the fund out of your own pocket to share in the losses?  I'd recommend you just carry over negative performances to the next month.  So say you lose 3% of the fund in August, and you stated your hurdle rate is 5% in the above contract.  In that case, an easy way to handle a down month would be to just say that for you to get a cut of the profits in September, you would need to return greater than 8% (normal 5% hurdle + the 3% you lost in August).  If you structure it like that, then you are essentially penalizing yourself for poor months and rewarding yourself for good months.  In comparison, if you had a down month and you didn't carry the negative performance forward by increasing the next months hurdle rate, then you would only be rewarding yourself in good months, but there would be no downside for you when you had a bad month.
Edit:  I should make it clear that you shouldn't give money back into the fund out of your own pocket if you have down months.  I've never known a single professional investment fund to do anything of the sort.
@_date: 2013-05-07 21:11:51
Man, I'm going to need a better run down of how you figured this out.  The first clue was simple, Victoria crater on Mars.  I immediately assumed it would be blank &amp; Victoria.  Second clue was definitely a constellation.  I tried "Leo &amp; Victoria" many times in my attempts at the Cryptobin.  How did you know to change the address?
@_date: 2013-08-14 21:04:08
I also downvoted.  Every day people post about having this issue with coinbase.  And nearly every time they eventually retract their statement because Coinbase handles the matter.
is on point when he says a simple search in the subreddit would have brought up dozens of similar posts, with the exact same complaint, and the exact same responses.  
@_date: 2013-06-04 20:32:21
*Sigh* not a single new post in 10 days...  Cue the crickets
@_date: 2013-07-03 15:16:21
The SEC typically drags their feet on just about everything they do.  I don't see this ETF launching in the next 12 months, if ever.  Because this ETF is the first Bitcoin based investment vehicle, the SEC will be extremely hesitant to approve it.  They may just sit on it permanently.
@_date: 2013-06-11 21:20:09
Loving the highlander reference, but I am in the group that thinks BTC will coexist with current economies and currencies.  I don't think it would become the one, true global currency for several reasons.  First, if BTC were to become THE global currency, that would mean that the world (and it's many people, or at least a majority of them) would have had to agree on something.  The human race's track record of agreeing on things is not too good.  Second, existing governments won't eschew their own current currencies for a cryptocurrency that they can't readily control.  It's far more likely that people would be able to transact in both their domestic currency and BTC.
Honestly, for BTC to become the one major global currency during my lifetime, I think there would have to be a global upheaval that took down the world economy, and a political uprising that saw every major government overthrown.  
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:43:30
There's far too much missing from the middle portion of the QR code.  No one will randomly figure it out.
@_date: 2013-10-15 23:30:09
I have very little faith that BTC ETF will ever get approved.  The SEC has a horrible track record when it comes to approving ETF's for new markets.  There are legitimate ETF's for a lot of global commodity markets that are still just waiting to be approved (for years now...), basically collecting dust. 
@_date: 2013-09-11 15:48:50
Yes, they exclude MtGox currently because it doesn't comply with Coindesk's rule about being able to process fiat withdrawals within 7 days.  I think that's a reasonable expectation.
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:49:00
[Trollers gonna troll...](
EDIT: Take a sec and look at his user history, people.  He's been around 5 days, and not a single comment has positive karma.  Kid obviously is just trying to troll people for downvotes. don't even bother giving him one.
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:36:26
Pretty much exactly what you would think would happen.  The price of gold per ounce would drop sharply based on a large new  influx of supply.  While gold is intertwined with the general economy, in that situation you are creating a supply shock that only ripples through the gold market, so the broader economy wouldn't see much of an effect.
Not part of  your question, but your reasoning in the second paragraph is pretty damn far fetched.  Mining asteroids?  Yes, this has been proposed, but I would guess that it's probably decades off from actually being an achievable enterprise.  Especially in any sort of scale that would effect the global economy for gold.
@_date: 2013-05-22 18:46:55
I love that "a good 15mins searching" is now considered an exhaustive effort.
@_date: 2013-05-23 21:24:03
This is the vaguest and most misleadingly titled post.  First, Japan's stock market didn't "Crash".  The Nikkei was down about 7.5%.  While that is an incredibly large drop for a single trading day, it by no means can be considered a crash.  Consider that since October 2012 the Nikkei has risen by over 80% (prior to the 7.5% drop), and I think we can all agree that the Nikkei didn't crash.
Next you say that European stocks are "falling soon".  Well, that's a pretty broad assertion with no actual data presented to back it up.  Considering most of the Euro area is in a recession, it's not really news that their stock markets are lagging the rest of the world.
Bottom line:  The day to day movements of the stock market will not affect the price of Bitcoin.  People will not flee the securities market for bitcoin because its not considered a safe haven (in fact, I'd argue it's the exact opposite given the historical volatility).
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:33:01
I have no idea, but I would suspect that even in 100 years, we would not need a "Nakamoto" denomination.  1 BTC would need to be worth a million USDollars for us to even begin needing additional decimal places added beyond a Satoshi.
@_date: 2013-05-08 19:11:47
But you can't predict the future cost of a share or the future dividends.  What you're recommending would only be good for looking backwards in time.  Otherwise it would be purely speculation.
@_date: 2013-07-25 13:51:08
I think you covered most of the reasons in your post, but I'll recap exactly why I think the prices are so divergent at this point.
  USD withdrawals from MtGox are basically still totally fucked.  So anyone who wants their money back in USD from Gox would need to purchase BTC on Gox (boosting the price there) and then transfer the BTC to a secondary exchange that will allow them to remove their money in USD.  They then sell the BTC on the second exchange (which in theory lowers the price on that exchange) and get their USD back.
  CampBX has lower volume, so the Bid/Ask spread is usually much higher than at MtGox and other larger exchanges.  The lower volume/liquidity, in general, is a slight risk, and if people are going to take on more risk by trading at CampBX, then they are going to want a better price as compensation for that additional risk.  So that affects the price as well.
  Typically the other exchanges have been about $5-7 dollars below the MtGox price, but today it's been much further, around $10.  When I looked at the order book on CampBX, I see there is a large sell order pegged at $87.80 (for close to 150 BTC).  That's a big order for CampBX.  That is likely holding the price artificially lower.  However, if MtGox price continues rising and flirts with $100 (currently hanging out around $97), then I think it will cause people to move in and buy up the 150 btc @ 87.80.  That would be a 14% difference in price, and that's just too much.  People will want to arbitrage that, even if it means waiting a month to get their money.  A 14% return in a months time (actually it would be even faster, but I say a month because of the withdrawal time at Gox) is pretty fucking good.
@_date: 2013-08-20 15:33:10
Coinbase?  It links directly to your US bank account and the buys and sells come directly from your money.  You can get verified and have purchases and sales immediately debited/credited to your account.  However, some people still face issues with timing on coinbase, so it's not flawless.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:01:12
Former equity, commodity futures, and currency trader here.  I saw where  you were coming from and had already drawn up dozens of similar charts in the past few days.  That won't make us right, though.  Too much panic and uncertainty.  It's like watching the worst traits of behavioral investing.
@_date: 2013-09-04 19:04:28
I didn't ask what your feedback said.  I told you why it's wrong to use an average price right now.  You didn't actually refute any of my points, so I'll lay them out more clearly again for you.
* The current system of individual exchanges do not interact with each other.  They are, in essence, isolated from each other.
* Moving money into and out of most exchanges is not a quick, simple process. (Granted some exchanges are easier than others, but for the most part, if you want to move money or try to arbitrage between exchanges, it takes a fair amount of planning)
* Because of the above two points, exchanges must be treated as isolated prices, because thats the only place you will be able to buy/sell bitcoin at those price levels.  You can't go to BitStamp and sell BTC at the Coinbase price, etc.
* The spread between exchanges exists for a known (and fairly obvious) reason:  withdrawing money from MtGox is basically impossible at this point in time.  So the only way for people to get their money out is to buy in, and then move their BTC to a seperate market to sell.  That works to boost MtGox and hold down other exchanges.
* By creating an average price (basically you're just putting together a VWAP for BTC), you are providing people an indication of pricing based on total volume of trading, but it has no real bearing on the marketplace.  It's not a number that you can buy or sell at.  It just becomes another statistic to track.  It may provide some technical analysts with another tool in their toolbox, but at the moment, it would be pretty useless.
Now, if you'd like to actually argue my points, or provide counter points, I'd love to discuss.  But I don't care what your "majority of feedback" says. 
Also, using a short time frame (past 24 hours volume by exchange) could cause large fluctuations in your VWAP, could it not?
Edit:  Please don't downvote OP's comment.  He didn't say anything that is even remotely downvotable.  I was merely trying to spark a discussion.
@_date: 2013-06-11 18:30:29
I'm thinking of critical mass more like a tipping point of no return.  If BTC reaches that critical mass, it will succeed as a global currency.  I'm just throwing out a number, but I think a market cap of $100 Billion USD would be enough of a critical mass. At current levels of BTC in circulation, that would mean the price would need to be around $8,000 USD/BTC.
@_date: 2013-09-07 04:30:08
No, I've chosen to be a part of a computer currency because I know that I can profit from trading BTC.  I honestly doubt that BTC will ever "balance out state power".  I believe in the idea that power is inherently corrupting.  It really doesn't matter Who is in power, eventually they will become corrupt.
@_date: 2013-04-22 20:24:00
This isn't an inflection point.  In fact, I'd posit that this is the return of a more normal phase for the value of BTC.  Volume and trading has formed more concise trading ranges, and volatility is lower than the late March - early April bubble period.
@_date: 2013-05-28 19:22:39
Another conspiracy theorist that just doesn't understand how markets work.  Thinks that $2 Million is some insane amount of money.  Doesn't understand that he is part of the problem of the BTC community.  Hopefully everyone will see that he isn't actually presenting any sort of real information or facts that show any sort of "attack" or conspiracy against Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-05-29 20:01:58
He was just making pie-in-the-sky claims that aren't real.  When you invest using options, you can effectively make a bet on a greater amount of the underlying commodity due to the inherent leverage.  For example, if you wanted to buy 100 BTC, that would cost you something like $13,000 right now.  However, with options, you're making a bet on the future value of the underlying commodity, and you get to do so by only putting up a fraction of the amount you would need to purchase the actual commodity.  So with the binary option, you would buy 1 contract, which probably would represent 100 BTC, and you would pay a "premium" to the seller which represents the cost of the position. 
But with leverage comes risk.  If your bet doesn't work out, and the option doesn't finish "in the money" (i.e. correct and profitable), then you lose your entire investment (the Premium you paid to the seller).  You investment is a total loss.  But if the position is in the money, then you would make a tidy amount that is typically multiples higher than what you originally paid.
What OP was describing was a Binary option in which you would bet that the price of BTC would be below $100 USD at settlement on May 31st.  Since the price is currently stable, and about 30% higher than the strike price of $100, this option is considered pretty risky.  That's why it's currently priced to have an 8:1 payout.  
I think his hypothesis was that someone would take a large bet on the binary option, then proceed to sell as much of their personal BTC holdings as it took to cause a panic, and move the option below $100 USD by May 31st.  Then their option would become profitable and they would get paid 8:1 on whatever they originally paid, and would be able to use those funds to repurchase BTC at market price, and would likely come out with twice as much money as they started.
That would be blatant market manipulation, and very easily discovered.  Also, to make this work, you would need to be the owner of probably over 10+ Million USD worth of BTC.  People with that much BTC won't risk such a dangerous gamble. 
@_date: 2013-06-11 13:41:01
What would stop a thief from selling the addresses locally to an innocent party?  Then later on when the innocent party spends the bitcoin, someone would chase them down accusing them of theft...
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:27:48
The price of bitcoin does not directly affect the dividend payout, but it would affect the ROI.  If you purchased shares with 1.3 BTC while USD/BTC was about $113, your ROI would be much faster if the USD/BTC rate jumped to $200, and much slower ROI if it fell to under $100.  
@_date: 2013-07-19 18:47:03
Ok, I'll just see myself out then, because you basically just said that bitcoins aren't associated with criminals.  That's the equivalent of saying cocaine isn't associated with drug users.  You've missed the entire point of my original comment.  I'm obviously not going to get you to understand  it.
Edit:  Take the rose colored glasses off.  People are definitely using bitcoins to purchase illegal items.  To act like that is not occuring is dangerous.  Even just marginalizing that is dangerous, because the powers that be will use that against bitcoin.   Also, how many different posts have you read in this subreddit alone about people having their wallets hacked and all their BTC emptied?  What would you call the people who are doing that?  I'd call them thieves.
@_date: 2013-04-26 18:35:09
It's pure speculation.  If you're actually trying to save money, go buy a bond and hold it until maturity.  If you're just looking to take a shot at potentially getting a large return on investment, then maybe BTC is good for that.  But I would put the strongest odds on BTC being worthless (due to government intervention) in 3-5 years.
@_date: 2013-05-22 15:50:08
I'm not sure where to look up the exact current TH/s, but as of May 10th ASICminer was at about 21 TH/s, and their plan was to add a few TH/s every week.  They had something like 230 TH/s that were yet to be completed and brought online.
@_date: 2013-09-09 19:07:21
So you're saying that CampBX arbitrarily decided to put a hold on your account so that you can't remove your BTC?  And they provided you with no explanation for why they've done this? AND they've actually told you to just sell your position and withdraw your USD?
Look, I'm not trying to call you a liar, because I have no idea what's actually going on, but there has to be more to this story.  I feel like you're leaving out a lot of details that might shed some light on what CampBX is really up to...
What method did you use to deposit your funds with CampBX?  Wire transfer? Dwolla?
@_date: 2013-05-23 17:14:46
Which VC are you specifically mentioning?
@_date: 2013-08-21 17:16:45
Jim is always a little further on the "sky is falling" side of things.  I do believe that there is further economic pain to come.  We never actually solved any of the fundamental problems of the economy after 2008.  We simply chose to throw money at it until such time as the economy could get back onto stable footing.  But we're 5 years in now, and the economy/markets are perched on a precarious peak that is built with mountains of government cash.  Unstable footing indeed.  The mere thought of the Fed scaling back quantitative easing is enough to send the markets into shock right now.
However, I do not believe that we will suffer a similar (or worse) collapse than 2008.  The current ruling powers would move quickly to quash any serious threats to economic well being with... more money.
Inflation will be the end game.
@_date: 2013-05-28 19:52:07
Ok, well I actually work in Finance, and I traded commodity futures for years.  To be blunt, I've probably bought or sold a product/stock on every major market worldwide in my time.  What I do know is that you don't know what you're talking about.  Seriously.  You're just talking nonsense.  You keep talking about this "lost $75k" and all you're doing is outlining how much you don't understand markets.
Edit: And what's far worse, in my opinion, is that you don't even understand how to argue.  If anyone disagrees with your position, you just whine and moan and call them wrong, or call them a dickhead like you did in reply to my comment.  You don't present any real facts to bolster your case.  It makes you sound like a 16 year old who didn't get his way.  That's why people have reacted negatively to your post and comments.  You need to present real facts and real data, otherwise no one will take you seriously.
@_date: 2013-08-30 15:56:25
Large buyer came in and bought 10k BTC at market, drove the price up to $135, then kept buying in smaller bursts and putting walls up as bid prices.
@_date: 2013-06-28 21:06:36
Since CampBX is the only exchange left that still works with Dwolla, my guess is that Dwolla holds all the power in that relationship. So when Dwolla said "Jump!", CampBX said "How high?".  That's still bullshit that they were able to effectively ban you from CampBX as well, though.
@_date: 2013-06-25 16:15:39
Yeah, it's just the cumulative version of the bid/ask spread.
So the price is displayed in the middle, with the bid orders below and the asks above.  So the top right number for me currently is  112.0 (or maybe 111.5 if the price moves).  Mine reads "112.0   17090" followed by "111.5   16057".
What that means is that for the price to advance to 112, the market would have to "absorb" 17,090 BTC via buying.  For the price to rise to 111.50, the market place would have to buy up 16,057 coins.  
The cumulative amounts go in 50 cent increments.  Easier to visualize the market depth this way instead of looking at each individual bid/ask order.
@_date: 2013-07-19 22:51:21
There needs to be checks and balances in any business model that handles large volumes of cash.  That's all I'm saying.  Multiple people should be reviewing a process like that.  Ideally you would take humans out of the equation altogether, and automate the payouts.  So when I hear "simply forgot one small, yet important step", what I really hear is "has no process or controls in place to prevent massive disbursment errors from occurring."  That's dangerous.
@_date: 2013-05-30 16:38:06
So basically you get a minimum 15% cut on any bet that is placed, and then you also get the full amount of the final bet when someone can't convince someone else to continue the betting stream.  That's some pretty damn good house numbers.
@_date: 2013-09-06 17:48:40
I don't have any faith in Satoshi's "existence".  Honestly, I don't care who Satoshi is, or was, because that really doesn't have any bearing on my use of bitcoin.  The protocol is what it is.  Even if Satoshi was outed publicly, it wouldn't change the fact that Bitcoin is alive and thriving.
I think you're thoughts are just wrong, and you're not really presenting any sort of facts to back up your theories.  Instead you just offer more conjectures.  Not exactly a solid argument.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:19:39
Ah, I have no idea why my mind leaped to arbitrage.  Well, good luck with the new service.
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:55:19
This.  key word here being NOVELTY.  There is no point in trying to actually "spend" phyiscal bitcoins by exchanging them.  The physical nature of the casacius coins is just a novelty feature.  No one who is serious about creating a secure bitcoin wallet will look at casacius coins as a serious storage option.
@_date: 2013-04-26 18:31:20
I would hold it in my investment portfolio for the next 3-5 years.  Given the current BTC economy, I believe that BTC will either become very valuable over that time period, or will become worthless (either via no market penetration, or government interference).  Basically, it's like an option. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 21:41:44
Just some advice since I've day traded BTC both successfully and unsuccessfully for some time now:  Be completely unemotional, and very patient.  I've had the most success with my day trading during volatile periods when I was able to be patient and not watch every little tick change in the market price.  Just decide when you think the price is low and buy in, and then set an order to sell at a reasonable higher price that you'd be content with.  If the price races past your sellout price target, don't panic and buy back in immediately.  Be patient.  Formulate a price that you'd like to buy back in at, and put your limit order in.. and wait.  
Patience has gotten me more profit than any other attribute when dealing with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-06-06 13:18:38
Way to do your research before attempting arbitrage.
@_date: 2013-05-30 16:57:18
Why would you assume that? I can't comprehend the logic behind making that assumption, especially for valuation purposes.
@_date: 2013-06-13 20:27:56
I don't think that's what he meant at all.  I think he was implying that OP was exhibiting the signs of an emotional investor, and that you can't just hope something is going to become more valuable. Investments don't work like that.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:41:26
wait... what?  You're saying you have $3k in cash, NOT IN BTC, and you're worried about Murphy's law?  SOunds like you just avoided a major setback, and once this settles you will probably have a great entry point.
@_date: 2013-05-15 22:06:41
Well, Mega Upload was basically a site for pirating copyrighted material.  I don't want to get into the semantics of what Mega Upload was and was not doing illegally or legally.  Bottom line is just that the reason people used the site was for illegal pirating.  
What MtGox is doing/providing is not illegal.  There are no laws against buying crypto-currencies with fiat money.  The basic premise of their site is legal.  What the DOHS stepped in about was the fact that Mt.Gox had a subsidiary acting as a money transmitter even though they had specifically stated they would not be functioning as a money transmitter.  That's all on the CEO of Mt.Gox for that screw up (and the myriad of others).  But unless the DOHS can prove that MtGox is facilitating money laundering or illicit activity, then they have no grounds to shut down Mt.Gox.
It's just a different ball game, in my opinion.  The comparison isn't even close.
@_date: 2013-05-31 16:24:17
Because manipulating interest rates, stock markets, and precious metals can make you billions of dollars in profit.  There is no profit in making Bitcoin appear "stable".
Please, just put this dumb thought to rest.  It's not happening.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:37:36
No one guaranteed the price would immediately stop at $170 or $150.  No one can do that.
I'd posit that you're thinking about efficient markets in the wrong way.  Think of it like this:  Markets are like a rubber band.  Say you hook a rubber band to a nail and then stretch the rubber band away from the nail.  When you let go of the rubber band it will release it's energy, and go flying past the nail in the other direction, but it will expend its energy  quickly and move back to the center towards the nail.  
With BTC prices going so parabolic lately, it's only reasonable that a blowoff would occur, and that prices will snap dramatically lower before reverting back to a more meaningfull sustainable level.
@_date: 2013-05-16 16:56:29
Only downside being that CampBX pricing is a few % below Mt.Gox.  Just figured I should point that out if we're thinking about total fees of an ACH wire vs selling at CampBX and using Dwolla.
@_date: 2013-09-06 15:52:32
Maybe take the tin foil cap off and put the coffee down for a little while.  I think you're pretty far out on that conspiracy limb.  Relax, man.  
@_date: 2013-05-29 19:19:18
IG Markets is just a company.  They allow regular retail investors to buy/sell various types of options and spreads on stock indexes, commodities, etc.  A binary Option is a simplified version of an option.  It begins with a question: "Will the price of 1 BTC in USD be lower than $100 on May 31, 2013 @ XXX time?"
If you think the answer is yes, you would buy the option.  If you think the answer is no, you sell the option.  I can't find any data on the open interest (amount of open option contracts outstanding currently, and at what strike prices) for this.  I'm thinking OP is just shilling for IG Markets because his post is vague and speculative, and he seems to have disappeared shortly after posting.
Edit:  What I hoped to find was the open interest tables to see if there was a large amount of bets outstanding that the price would be below $100.  From there you can take the amount of open interest and calculate how much money those positions would stand to profit, then compare that against how much BTC (in USD) would need to be forcibly sold through the market to cause a drop of that magnitude.  If the amount stood to be gained from the binary options is greater than the total BTC amount needing to be forced into the market to cause the price drop, then it is at least plausible.  My hunch is that there is no open interest, and he's just looking at a pricing table that shows that binary option paying off at 8:1 if it is in the money, with no data to back up his wild claim.
@_date: 2013-07-23 15:09:01
I like this.  I would also be on board with arBITrader.
@_date: 2013-06-27 02:46:28
Haha well that depends.  If you actually derive income from your wow gold (and that amount exceeds any applicable de minimis thresholds), then technically the goverment "requires" you to pay taxes on that income.  However, I'd argue that if you derived serious income from wow, then you can basically call that self employment.
@_date: 2013-06-06 14:08:26
Bitcoin is not as anonymous as you think it is.  The blockchain can be scoured/crawled and with careful review one can pull back this supposed anonymity. 
With that stated, I doubt the IRS will have anything in place to pursue taxes from Bitcoiners in the 2013 tax year (which would need to be filed by mid-April 2014).  However, if Bitcoin does actually take off and become a normal means of transaction, you can bet your sweet, anonymous ass that the government will figure it out and get their money.  Death and taxes, my friend.  Death AND taxes.
@_date: 2013-05-15 16:17:48
Apparently CampBX is still accepting transfers in from Dwolla.  You could transfer the funds there and just purchase your BTC at CampBX, and then send the BTC to Gox if you still want it there. 
@_date: 2013-06-06 18:02:36
When was your last purchase (both the actual purchase date and when the trade actually settled 3 days later)?
@_date: 2013-08-23 19:24:53
See above.  Saying "never" about the possibilities of something occuring is the quickest way to be wrong.
@_date: 2013-05-28 21:31:39
Why do you keep saying this trade was "below market value"?  What do you actually mean?  Can you even explain yourself properly?
@_date: 2013-06-07 15:20:08
$0.25 fee for any transfer over $10, and anything under $10 is free.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:07:51
This is a great PSA.  If you follow up with MtGox to figure out how this may have occurred, PLEASE UPDATE with what you find out.
@_date: 2013-11-26 20:18:24
FYI, no one in the finance industry with any real knowledge pays attention to anything that any of the talking heads say on CNBC.  It's a bunch of idiots yelling just to yell, with little to no real analysis of anything.
@_date: 2013-10-01 13:49:31
2% is a standard management fee for most funds.  
@_date: 2013-05-31 17:41:29
Part 1 - Mining Power:  Yes, it's feasible that mining power will grow exponentially.  This is why there is a function to adjust the difficulty of mining a block.  As more and more mining power comes online, the difficulty is raised to keep BTC generation on track.  At the moment, we are a few percentage points ahead of schedule in BTC mining because the difficulty level isn't keeping up with the rapid ramp in mining power over the past month or two.
Part 2 - prices:  Nope.  Prices aren't tied to anything you described in your post.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:18:58
I'm no computer expert, but from what I was reading earlier, it appears that the attackers are able to figure out some of the servers that the Tor network is using, and by attacking those specific points they have been able to DDoS the site.
@_date: 2013-06-26 17:38:43
I'm only commenting because you mentioned auditing your credit reports.  This is pretty easy to do, actually!  You can get your credit report for free from each of the 3 main credit bureaus (TransUnion, Equifax, and Experian) once each year.  It's sound advice to take an hour or two once a year to go through them and contact each bureau with any changes/corrections that should be made.  They are surprisingly good with phone calls, so that makes the process pretty easy.
Instead of reviewing all 3 credit reports all at once, I like to review one every 3-4 months throughout the year.  For me, the data is almost always identical in each credit report, so it's a good way for me to keep track of my credit report throughout the year without having to pay for a stupid credit monitoring service.
Just a friendly FYI.
@_date: 2013-06-04 17:27:58
I've seen the links.  I follow bitcoin very diligently and actively.  I was one of the first people to test out the Gox lag issue when a user reported it.  That was a clear flaw in MtGox's trading engine/API, and they've since fixed it with the rollout of their newest trading engine.
However, "matching" those micro transactions with large sell offs proves nothing.  It only suggests that high lag times caused market panic.  Correlation does not mean causation.  
I will continue harking about how people can't present any facts or evidence proving manipulation because that's what skeptical people do.  I didn't say that the BTC economy had never been manipulated, only that most of the times when people scream manipulation they are just speculating because they are unhappy with the outcome.  It's what people do. 
@_date: 2013-11-26 16:55:49
You're a dick for even recommending this, as that sub is actively trying not to have people ask questions like this.  
@_date: 2013-05-30 18:18:12
I'd agree.  You can view the price you "paid" for the mined bitcoins as the amount of electricity it took to run your mining equipment.  Selling the coins would be just like selling a product as a producer.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:40:41
I think they are likely already aware of the issue but have no way to combat it until they launch their new trading engine.  
@_date: 2013-08-30 16:03:20
Yes, but the other exchanges typically follow suit.  The reason the spread is $19 is because this ramp happened very very quickly at Gox.  It's only been like 30 minutes.  Give the other exchanges time to digest the jump, and they will shrink the spread back down to $10.
I always capitalize on these moments.  I was able to rush over to campbx and coinbase and get both my accounts fully invested before the price even started rising.  It's already up $5 since I traded like half an hour ago.
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:07:24
This is not true.  It is actually quite simple to execute an arbitrage trade between CampBX and other exchanges.  All you need to do is get your cash to CampBX and buy at the lower levels.  It's incredibly simple to transfer the BTC after that.  
The problems arise when you want to replicate the process.  You can sell the BTC at a higher price on another exchange, such as Mt.Gox, but getting that cash out of the second exchange and back to your CampBX account is where you'll run into issues.
Basically, it would not be incredibly difficult to run a sophisticated arbitrage trading strategy.  You would want to split up your total funds into multiple buckets and run a cycle over and over again where you first move from Fiat to BTC at CampBX, then move your BTC to a secondary exchange with a higher pricing point, sell your BTC to move back into Fiat.  After that, you'd have to ACH/wire transfer back to your bank account which would either take a few days (ACH) or cost a small wire fee.  Total time to complete one cycle would probably be about 7-10 days.  You could split up your funds into 7-10 different buckets and run a continual process over time.  So long as the arbitrage spread was around 5%, you could make a decent profit.
@_date: 2013-06-13 14:50:57
Well, now I hope they "lose" your cash.
@_date: 2013-05-29 21:13:44
Of course.  It would never be instituted (and it shouldn't be), but sometimes when I read a really ignorant, sensationalist post with no actual basis in fact or reason, I get to dreaming...
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:58:49
Nah, I'm pretty sure he's telling us the structure of the answer to the cryptobin.  Figuring out the constellation image meaning is the key.
@_date: 2013-06-25 18:13:01
I think you misunderstand what a regulators job is...
@_date: 2013-05-16 20:00:22
Whoops.  Missed the / between ACH and Wire transfer.
@_date: 2013-08-05 21:03:04
Actually, that sounds pretty attractive to the put seller.  However, I'm not familiar enough with ASICminer shares to be comfortable offering this option.
@_date: 2013-08-05 20:36:22
What's your time horizon?  How large of a position are you looking to take? What kind of premium (as a % of strike) are you willing to pay?
@_date: 2013-06-27 14:14:22
Well, yes, that's what implied by "self-employment".
@_date: 2013-06-11 13:06:26
Well, it was reportedly removed for new accounts, but I had to actually ask them to remove it. It wasn't automatic.
@_date: 2013-06-25 21:06:02
No need to apologize.  I wasn't looking to sound stern.  Just more that you shouldn't read in to anything a customer service rep says via online live chat.  Half the time those jobs are farmed out.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:28:43
and here comes the stamp selloff...
@_date: 2013-07-16 19:20:23
Ok, first off, relax for a minute.  Take a breath.  Sometimes issues arise, and you just have to diligently work through them.
So I'm not sure what you're actually explaining in your post.  


You made 2 sales?  Like sold BTC to USD?  and then sent who the money?  Or are you saying that 2 people bought BTC directly from you, and you were sending the BTC from your account at CampBX to the buyers individual addresses?  More clarity please
@_date: 2013-05-24 17:59:47
No, I dont think that has much to do with this.  That news has been speculated upon for months, and the stock markets digest it immediately once it actually becomes confirmed.  None of that is new in investors mindsets.
Everyone around here thinks that Bitcoin is tied to the market and USD as a whole.  I honestly don't see much that shows they move in any sort of parallel or tandem.  It would be interesting to see some correlation analysis done (not that it would mean causation, but correlation is a good start).
My opinion is that this is a technical movement as the long term trendline since the April lows is meeting the consolidation levels we've been seeing over the past couple weeks.  It was a rising wedge formation, and the price is breaking right when the technicals say it should.
@_date: 2013-05-23 18:05:47
This.  Moving BTC is very simple, but moving fiat typically takes days, and usually isn't free.  I've traded an arbitrage cycle before, and it does work, but it's really not as profitable as you would think.  You need to be working with the MAX $ amounts that you can withdraw from an exchange on a daily basis to see any kind of significant return.
@_date: 2013-08-30 14:47:03
Anytime you lose BTC it is very frustrating, but honestly, you made an egregious mistake by sending the coins back to your campbx "from" address.  You should have been more careful in that transfer, and I think it's good policy to always generate a new deposit address for every transfer.  Doing that would have prevented this issue from occurring for you. 
@_date: 2013-06-24 17:15:38
Fair market price?  That would mean there's a willing seller AND a willing buyer.  Obviously OP isn't willing to buy at 135/BTC, so it's not a true fair market price.
Would you pay that amount (considering the current price is about $103)? 
@_date: 2013-05-29 15:00:10
Your assertions are a valid opinion.  It's hard not to see the basic trend.  
Here's my take:  Since the beginning of this year, Bitcoin has seen a rapid growth in its userbase, and the subsequent rise in the price of 1 BTC from the $20 range to the $40 range made some waves in the community.  This brought in more people looking to cash in on the advance in price, and the rally began to fuel itself.  
People were treating BTC like a stock.  However, BTC is nothing like a stock.  It's far more like a raw commodity, in as much that it reacts to supply and demand economics, has a fixed quantity or production rate that is well known and not easily manipulated, and is valuable as a means of exchange or trade.  Unlike a stock, BTC has very little fundamental (read: financial) data which can be analyzed to ascertain what one would consider a true value of 1 BTC.  Without those fundamentals to look at (I.E. historical financials, growth rates, margins, EPS, YoY Comps, etc), it becomes very difficult to hypothesize a true value.  So we are left to derive a value from the economics of supply and demand.
In that situation, it's not unexpected to see a price fluctuate around a perceived Mean.  When the price is high, people are more willing to sell, forcing the price downwards towards a sustainable supply and demand equilibrium.  And vice versa for a low price.  
TL:DR - I think the trend in the price of BTC is pretty much exactly what you would expect of a supply/demand driven commodity that is trying to find a new equilibrium.  You think this chart is interesting? Go learn about Elliott Wave Theory and apply it to the same charts...
@_date: 2013-07-02 18:02:31
You're thinking about the filing incorrectly.  It states they they will initially offer 1,000,000 shares, and each share will represent 0.2 Bitcoins, which means they plan to have an initial backing of 200,000 BTC.  And the $20 price was just an estimate based on when they originally did the math.  It would be cheaper per share now because the price of 1 BTC has fallen by about 15% since they did their math.
For me, this filing has no data that would portend what price the Winklevoss "Value" BTC at.  It's an ETF fund that is meant to replicate the price of Bitcoin to ease trading. 
@_date: 2013-05-30 19:50:47
Ah, true, forgot to think about that from your point of view.   I was still thinking from the gambler's point of view.  So in reality, the house edge is really just the spread between the multiplier and the interest rate of a given "bomb".  
Do you publish any detailed stats on the various bombs?  Things like average times a bomb changes hands before expiring?  Your design is interesting, but I feel like it must be struggling with the fact that it's inherently a "social" gambling site versus a site like satoshi dice being individually based.  
All in all, I like the concept and I think it could take off, but I worry we're just too early on in the BTC adoption process for a social oriented game to be able to take hold.
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:31:15
No, an average should not be used.  You can't buy at an average price, and you can't sell at an average price (yet...), so an average price has no real bearing on anything.  The spread between exchanges (primarily Gox vs the rest) exists for a reason.  It shouldn't be glossed over by using an average price.
The only purpose an average price would serve is for people who don't trade on Gox anymore and are bothered by the fact that most sites still reference MtGox pricing as the main pricing (and for good reason, they still have the most volume, even if only by a slim margin).
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:07:23
Well, no one will be able to tell you the answer to that, but here's my 2 satoshis.  The price had formed a consolidating, rising wedge shape over the weekend.  Early this morning the price was hovering around 127-128, which had been a price ceiling for several days.  There was a fair amount of sell side pressure around $128-129 via limit orders that were just waiting to be filled.  A large buy order then took out most of the built up resistance below $130.  Above $130 there weren't a lot of established resistance levels, so with resistance gone, the price ramped higher today.  
@_date: 2013-05-08 21:13:47
I'm completely unfamiliar with how the ASICMINER share prices actually fluctuate with the value of BTC, so I don't think I can address that issue.  However, I would point out that if the value of BTC rose from $100 USD to $1000 USD, then your dividends from the shares just became 10 times more valuable then when you purchased the shares at $100.  I'm thinking about the shares like a dividend stock.  If the dividends suddenly become way more valuable, then so would the share price.
@_date: 2013-06-06 18:58:34
What day did the purchase actually occur on?  Typically coinbase takes 3-4 days for the BTC to settle into your account.  If the actual purchase occurred on June 1st or 2nd, then you're probably not accounting for the fact that the price of BTC dropped about $10 on the 2nd.
@_date: 2013-06-26 19:15:37
Do you have a way to limit fiat transactions that would involve anything illegal?  Because if you do, I think society and the government have been trying to crack that one for a while.  You should probably share that
@_date: 2013-08-22 13:47:06
I honestly don't see the second shoulder yet.  I think he is really reaching with that.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:11:02
Thanks for the call, Trevor.  Good luck getting this service up and running.
@_date: 2013-06-26 16:12:25
you can also just search by the number, which OP helpfully put in the title of the post.
@_date: 2013-08-12 14:39:55
Well, you're SOL.  MtGox doesn't really have a viable option to withdraw USD at the moment.  That's why their price is so much higher than all the other exchanges.  Yes, they are processing USD withdrawals, but they will take 2+ weeks at a minimum.  And you will pay the international wire fees.
Your best bet is to leave MtGox altogether and go to an exchange that has better inflow and outflow processing.  I recommend Coinbase (links directly to your bank account) or CampBX (still accepts Dwolla deposits).  The downside to this is that the USD value of BTC is about $10 lower at any exchange outside of MtGox (because people can actually get their money from those exchanges, unlike MtGox).
@_date: 2013-05-08 16:29:37
Your concept of investing is really skewed.  Professional investors would KILL for a steady dividend payment like this.  The rate of return is very, very high.
@_date: 2013-05-21 20:11:12
I did too.  I think something yet to be thought of with BTC could still be called a Nakamoto.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:29:44
Morals.  The desire to run a profitable business which allows others to invest and also reap the profits.  To further the cause of BTC as a whole.
Not everyone is a scumbag.  Some people are actually honest and have the moral compass to not rip off everyone they can.
@_date: 2013-07-22 14:23:48
The site is super responsive and fast now.  I'm excited to trade there again.  They are still by far the easiest way to get USD in and out of an exchange.
@_date: 2013-05-15 21:32:50
You don't think that's a bit of a ridiculous comparison (Mega Upload to Mt.Gox)?  
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:26:02
What he's doing is called technical analysis.  The flat line at 150 is trying to show that for a 3 day period the price tried to move above 150 and then consolidated at that level.  At that point we would consider 150 a "ceiling".  Shortly after the price broke higher rapidly, so 150 becomes a "Floor".  The other sloped red line is more of a longer term (ha, it's still only 9 days) trend line.  It shows how the prices bottomed at predictable points from April 1 - 7.  If you extrapolate that line forward through today, he's basically saying the outcome of this crash will be BTC in the $150-$170 range.
Edit:  I should say that I'm not knocking technical analysis, or OP's opinion.  Since bitcoin has no measurable fundamentals, technical analysis is one of the only options left to try and derive "value" with.
@_date: 2013-06-06 19:49:08
This is... wow.  Just wow.  You've basically accused anyone who disagreed with OP of being an "authoritarian".  You put forth this idea that all authoritarians have some "Directive Zero" that is some master plan hatched to hold everyone else down.  You just sound conspiratorial and crazy.  There is no taboo in play here.  Most of us (unlike you and OP) agree that anti-money laundering laws are a good thing because they exist to attempt to prevent criminals from being able to easily profit from their crimes.  Simple as that.  That law has a basis in morals just as much as the law which prevents the original crime that produced the ill-gotten gains.
Obviously you're entitled to your opinion, but please don't be surprised or upset when most of the subreddit disagrees with you.  They're just downvoting because you sound like a paranoid &amp; delusional person.
@_date: 2013-06-04 15:14:11
Entirely normal market action.  If someone is willing to sell a large amount of BTC at the market price, then the resulting price drop is not market manipulation.  People need to stop calling it this.  
Suddenly anything that isn't a favorable outcome is decried as "manipulation", but if the price goes up rapidly?  Oh, well then there's nothing to see here. Just more proof of the strong demand for BTC!  Give me a break.
@_date: 2013-06-06 17:50:23
What do you mean "$10 USD above market price"?  Do you mean that you are attempting to buy X coins with each recurring payday check and Coinbase is charging you a rate that is $10 higher per coin than the going market price for BTC?  Or do you mean that you're buying X coins and the entire transaction total comes out to $10 USD higher than you expected?
@_date: 2013-04-24 17:21:15
Ah, I see now.  I was so confused at first.  Well, there won't be a shift away from oil trading in USD anytime soon.  Until a major economic shift occurs, the Dollar will still be viewed as the global reserve currency, and therefore be the dominant trading currency.  If it were to be replaced, it wouldn't be by bitcoin, but instead by a basket of global currencies agreed upon by the major world economies.  However, I would add that Iran hates the fact that USD is the currency oil is traded in, and created an exchange that would allow people to buy oil in other currencies such as the Euro or gold.  
@_date: 2013-05-24 19:19:33
Marginal people are just that... marginal.  They don't move markets.
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:30:43
That's NOT market manipulation!!!!!!!  I can't put enough emphasis or exclamation points on this.  Just because someone sells a large quantity of BTC doesn't mean they are manipulating the market.  What it more than likely means is that a large trading desk doesn't want to leave their position on over the weekend because no one will be working to monitor the position, and BTC is so damn volatile because it's still very thinly traded.
When someone sells a large quantity (+20k like we saw today), it destroys most of the bids in the system and crashes the price.  That's not market manipulation.  I do not believe the lag that comes after is a product of DDOS either.  It's a result of people flocking to buy at those low levels, and people panic selling to get out in case of a larger crash.
I'm getting sick of people screaming "Manipulation!" every time something like this happens.  You must realize that there are very sophisticated trading desks with millions of dollars actively trading BTC, right?  They move markets when they make trades.  It's why we suddenly see massive movements upwards in price, and also why we see massive moves downward.  Their positions are larger than probably every member of this subreddit.
Source:  I work in finance, have worked on commodity trading desks (this wouldn't go to currency desks because it's not viewed like a currency to trading desks), and still know traders at various banks that actively trade million dollar BTC portfolios.  It's chump change to them, and a very easy market for them to profit from.
@_date: 2013-11-19 15:40:07
Down for me as well.  Doesn't bode well for the price there if people can't access the exchange.  This is how the selloff started accelerating in April...
@_date: 2013-08-23 19:49:20
So, I'm really torn here.  I appreciate your desire to invest in bitcoin because I share your belief that Bitcoin could become something really big.  However, I cannot in good conscience recommend the early withdrawal route.  That's just leaving money on the table.  
my advice would be to find a different way to invest in bitcoin.  Leave your retirement savings as retirement savings.   (whether it be in the TSP or 401k).
@_date: 2013-07-02 22:09:06
@_date: 2013-06-03 13:13:00
Pretty sure you're just making a joke, but in case you're not, some of the financial world uses MM to denominate Millions when stating figures like that in sentences.  
@_date: 2013-08-05 22:01:58
The lockup period shouldn't affect the investment decision, unless you think you could get a better return in a separate investment.  Since your strike of 3.5 represents a pretty significant decline in the underlying price of the stock, that makes it far more attractive over a shorter duration like 1 month. 
Like I said, I'm not familiar enough with the goings on of ASICMiner to sell you the puts, but from a seller's viewpoint, it's an attractive chance to scoop up a decent premium in exchange for a short dated, far out of the money option.
@_date: 2013-09-18 21:25:29
And that, folks, is how you respond to questions from Dwolla.
@_date: 2013-05-09 19:06:57
Sure it is...
@_date: 2013-11-21 01:40:17
Did you just try to start a dick measuring contest with me? No need to get all defensive because I played devil's advocate to your aggressive valuation.  I stated my profession to lend credence to my response, not to say "hey look at me! I'm a banker!"  
You made some gross assumptions about who I am and what I feel about the future of bitcoin in your response (I particularly laughed at the M.D. comment). However, I stand by my original response.  You accept the future positives as near absolutes, and dismiss the negatives/risk as unlikely.  That's just a dangerous mindset.  But it's ok for you to dismiss my thoughts and justify your own by calling it a "Speculative Entry". What a joke.
Enjoy telling people "Drop the mic" over the internet.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:35:32
For the next month or two until more power is brought online by competitors.  Their current hash rate isn't a permanent level.  And they don't have infinite financing with which to keep expanding their hash rate (which is one reason why they started selling shares in the first place).
@_date: 2013-06-13 14:28:24
There's a bitinstant subreddit where the guys from BitInstant actually converse with people.  
**PSA:  For everyone having issues with BitInstant, please complain in the bitinstant subreddit.  Stop complaining in PLEASE!**
@_date: 2013-10-15 22:06:37
That greatly depends on what you see as the end outcome of bitcoin.  
If you think Bitcoin will flourish, but never reach the level of fiat currency (practically blashphemy around these parts), then I'd say we're in the "Early Adopters" phase.
If you think Bitcoin will become a global currency that replaces fiat, then we haven't even gotten to the early adopter phase yet.  We would still be in the innovation phase.
Honestly, I think we're still in the innovation phase, and not because I think that Bitcoin is going to take over as the global currency.  It's just logical when you look at what's happening in the BTC world right now.  In the past 6 months alone, we've seen massive innovations in the space, and we're continuing to see leaps and bounds all the time.  
Now the important part:  Just because BTC is still in the innovation phase does not mean that the price is going to skyrocket as it progresses into larger adoption.  Logically, the price will rise as demand rises, but don't be a fool and equate people adopting the currency into dramatic price gains.
@_date: 2013-05-24 18:05:56
If you think professional investors see BTC as a safe haven, you are out of your fucking mind.
@_date: 2013-10-02 18:28:39
Hyperbole much?  I guess you weren't around in April...
@_date: 2013-08-30 16:05:35
No one can answer that question.  But at the moment, it doesn't look like $140 is going anywhere because there's over 2000 BTC on the order book waiting to buy if the price falls to $140.
Edit: for perspective, if someone put in a 2000 BTC sell order at market, it would drop the price only 60 cents or so to $140.  If someone put a buy order in for 2000 BTC at market, it would ramp the price to $144.  There's a lot less pressure holding the price down than there is holding the price up.
@_date: 2013-07-19 18:12:59
No one said you were a criminal.  OP didn't say that.   I didn't say that.  John Lothian didn't say that.


Can anyone here honestly disagree with that? 
@_date: 2013-08-30 18:46:37
No possible way of knowing.  Walls cannot be depended on, as the orders can be pulled at any time.
@_date: 2013-09-11 15:54:51
I'm amazed by how many times this same fucking complaint gets posted. 
Again, basic searching in this subreddit would bring up dozens of posts stating the same issue, and in every post you'll find several comments saying to contact Coinbase and they will usually fix the issue at the original price of the trade.  Do a little research next time.
@_date: 2013-05-23 17:10:42
Dude get the fuck outta here.  Why comment if the only thing you have to say is that?  Just downvote and move on.  The guy took the time to actually read the regulation and interpret it to us with his opinion.
@_date: 2013-05-15 18:58:08
As a former commodities trader, I don't think you understand what actually goes into "taking delivery" of COMEX products.  They have to be inspected upon receipt, warehoused, and then inspected again before you can transfer the physical products to another party.  This is why traders typically exit their positions before First Notice period, or choose to retender if they do actually get hit for delivery.
Inspection and warehousing on tons of gold can cost upwards of $10k, and that is if you are able to resell the commodity in a short time frame.
@_date: 2013-05-30 18:58:12
Because BTC are being treated like a commodity or investment by the CFTC, I'd believe that profits would not be realized until you sell the BTC for fiat or another good or service.  Simply mining the coins would not trigger a profit to be realized.  I look at mining as the process of making an investment (i.e. the initial purchase of a commodity for investment, not the divestiture).
@_date: 2013-06-06 20:03:49
Yet you hide behind a throwaway account.  I guess you're just fearful of the authoritarians who will come and lock you up and terrorize you because you disagree with Directive Zero.  Good call, mate.
Edit:  Yes, I will openly mock you and make sarcastic remarks.  I don't care if you think I'm just confirming your suspicions.  You haven't presented a logical argument, only a really longshot conspiracy theory which you wholly believe is absolute moral truth.  You even go as far to say that We (the authoritarians) are oblivious and blindly following some terrible directive.  It's just ludicrous. 
@_date: 2013-05-16 22:22:26
FYI, you're not going to get any sympathy from this crowd since you didn't have 2 factor authentication enabled.  Sorry to hear about your losses.
@_date: 2013-10-03 01:19:58




@_date: 2013-08-23 19:13:20
Blind faith is a dangerous thing.
@_date: 2013-05-21 19:23:48
10 years?  No.  In 10 years there will still be BTC being mined.  That would be some insane inflation to need 16 decimal places.  We don't even need 8 right now.  Most transactions can be handled in the 3rd decimal place.  
Think about it mathmatically.  For 1 "Nakamoto" to be worth 1 penny, 1 BTC would have to be valued at $100 Quadrillion dollars.  That's 100,000,000,000,000,000.00.   So no, the Nakamoto is impractical and unnecessary. But kudos for the thought/idea.
@_date: 2013-06-29 00:03:57
Well that was fast!  I guess they actively follow reddit.  Good to know.
@_date: 2013-10-16 16:00:00
Thanks, man.  I appreciate that.
@_date: 2013-05-07 19:49:37
Dude, I have searched practically every known constellation...  That did not help haha
@_date: 2013-05-29 22:04:20
Bank transfer from gox is reasonable when compared to other options.
Question:  Do you have a dedicated Dwolla account already linked to your bank account?  If so, consider transferring your BTC to CampBX, and then selling there.  The spread between MtGox and CampBX is very small at the moment, and then you would still be able to utilize the dwolla transfer for only their $0.25 fee.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:07:03
OP is not entirely off point with his assertion.  Because Bitcoin is deflationary by nature, it encourages a person to save their BTC because it should naturally rise in value over time.  This by itself isn't a bad thing, as saving is a positive.  
However, in the extreme case, that hoarding can cause a deflationary spiral where no one wants to spend their BTC because the value is rising so quickly that it becomes financially prudent to wait as long as possible before spending.  Because there would be less and less BTC being spent, they would be in higher and higher demand, and the price would rise exponentially in a rapid manner.  But with actual commerce grinding to a halt due to the hoarding effect, the rise in price would be unsustainable, and would eventually collapse (in a far greater bubble than any that the bitcoin world has seen to date).
But please keep in mind that scenario is an extreme case, and there are no documented cases of this actually occurring in modern finance (to my knowledge).  It is an established economic theory though.
@_date: 2013-06-13 15:15:04
"Single largest misconception" about bitcoin.  Trust me, it's not Casascius coins.
@_date: 2013-11-19 22:49:07
In the market sense, yes, an equilibrium price would be found eventually.  That is pretty much a certainty.  But the problem is not in finding an equilibrium price.  The problem is the spiraling run up in value followed by the inevitable crash.  That instability would never be tolerated for a currency.
Also, while the equilibrium price would be discovered through natural market forces over time, the price would overshoot (i.e. crash) to the downside before rebounding.  An analogy that has always worked for me is that markets are "mean reverting" like a rubber band.  If you wrap a rubber band around a nail (the nail would be the mean) and stretch it away from the nail in one direction, when you let go of the rubber band it will go in the opposite direction back towards the nail.  But it won't just reach the nail and stop.  It will overshoot the nail and stretch in the opposite direction (overshooting) before it bounces back towards the nail again (reverting to the mean).
@_date: 2013-05-15 17:38:27
at which point I would want to be in Fiat because the price of BTC will collapse...
@_date: 2013-06-26 19:13:25
Fair enough, just had to mention it since your general request seemed strange and set my bullshit detector off.
@_date: 2013-06-06 13:14:46
Good luck with that.
-The IRS
@_date: 2013-07-16 14:41:49
Not trying to irk you, but this problem is obviously only affecting you.  If you couldn't sign up successfully after trying with two separate emails, 3 different browsers, 3 different OS, 4 different computers, numerous IPs...  my best guess is that you are doing something incorrect when you attempt to register.
Also, I thought coinbase was US based only?  if you're trying to buy from different countries, that may be your problem.
@_date: 2013-05-29 21:20:27
You do realize that to be a "Bitcoin Billionaire" one would need to own approximately 7.5 Million BTC?  That's just about 67% of all outstanding BTC.  No biggie there.
@_date: 2013-08-15 20:03:52
I, personally, have no issue with you or other people spreading the knowledge of Bitcoin or bitcoin related investments.  I think it's great. 
However (and it's a huge *however*), the manner in which you did so was very poor.  People are incredibly unfamiliar with bitcoin and related investments, and many have very negative connotations associated with the thought of bitcoins.  Your comment came off sounding like someone trumpeting an unknown cheap stock that pays dividends, and "with a little luck" could make you a huge return!  
Proper investments don't get pitched that way.  You would have been better off providing hard facts that show growth, proven financials, or even notable bitcoin stocks that had large growth in value.  
We, as the bitcoin community, need to take great care to position bitcoin in a positive, professional manner, otherwise people like the commenters in the subreddit will never take bitcoin seriously.
@_date: 2013-06-07 13:41:06
I read it all.  Even my TL;DR will be a bit long because there's a lot to summarize, but I'll try.
TL;DR -  Bitcoin protocol is wonderful, but it has some issues that we will have to face if it becomes a globally accepted form of payment and begins to replace fiat currencies.  At the moment, greed is pervasive within the BTC community, and can be seen via: A. The fact that most BTC are being hoarded as investments instead of actively spent, B. The commoditized nature that BTC has taken on, and C. The RAPID growth in ASIC mining computational power to scoop up mined coins.  The fact that BTC can be exchanged for fiat currency should be viewed as a negative for BTC as a whole because it drives this greed, and the community should discourage and possibly even outlaw exchanging BTC for fiat.
Also, he talks about the fact that BTC has the potential to be this game changing world currency that kind of levels the playing field for everyone. However, in reality, only the wealthiest population of the world (hard to quantify, but I'd agree considering countries where BTC has gained traction) has been able to take advantage of the early adoption of BTC.  So effectively, we've screwed over the poor people again, and enriched the wealthy even more (via their early adoption and price appreciation).
He closes by saying that while BTC is great and has wonderful potential, he does not think that it will succeed as the currency of the future.
@_date: 2013-06-26 19:11:15
Foreclosed on?  I'm not sure what that has to do with bitcoin.  The banks can't force you to buy a house that you can't really afford.  If you're getting foreclosed on, it's partly your own fault as well for overextending yourself financially.  Digressing, though, obviously there will be some cases where it's not the homeowners fault, and I'm not trying to defend banks, but you can't only blame the banks for the housing crisis.  Exuberant homebuyers need to take some blame as well.  
I highly doubt the fiat system will magically fix itself.  I'm in the same boat with you when it comes to playing it safe via bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-09-04 18:38:05
Honestly, I feel no compassion for you.  it's not like the gox withdrawal issues were a relatively unknown problem.  You set yourself up for failure by not doing any research.
@_date: 2013-05-29 15:03:22
I'd be quick to point out that calling this "historical financial data" is a stretch.  It's just data points that represent historical market prices.  That's technical data, not financial.  Big difference.
@_date: 2013-06-26 21:02:34
You could be right.  I'm not sure how the government would take the growth/decline in the value of the BTC into account in the long run.  I'm inclined to disagree with the methodology you put forth though, because I feel like that would be a form of double taxation.
Actually, as I was typing it I took money out of the equation and pretended that OP was just bartering with his employer, and lets say he received XYZ goods for his services.  That would be his original income for his services which would be taxable.  That we have established.  Lets say XYZ was worth $1000 USD when he received it.  If later on he sells XYZ for $1100, then it would make sense that he'd have to pay either short term or capital gains on the $100 gain in value.  I think that's fucked up.
@_date: 2013-06-12 20:03:19
This is already a top 3 post on the front page of @_date: 2013-05-08 19:54:09


But 'DidHeJust' is asking about the ROI on buying a share of ASICMINER.  He'd pay for a share in BTC, and retain ownership of that share.  That share has inherent value (which can rise or fall, but will most likely rise).  Therefore, purchasing a share will not remove him from the price appreciation of BTC.  Not only will his 1.3 BTC (current value) share grow in value if BTC value rises, but his dividends will be worth more as well.  I don't see where you're going with your train of thought.
@_date: 2013-07-03 18:44:44
No.  I haven't heard of any service even remotely like that.
@_date: 2013-05-08 21:31:22


Couldn't agree more with that.
@_date: 2013-04-23 19:34:26
Arbitraging the first time would be easy.  The problem arises when you want to remove your cash in a fiat currency and move it to an exchange with a low price to buy in at.  The withdrawal periods are long and some sites charge wire transaction fees, and there can be limits as well.
I've given all of this consideration, and the only way I can see it being a profitable operation would be if you had a large sum of money to begin with, and you split it up into smaller amounts that would each be less than any ACH withdrawal limits for the exchanges you would be working with.  Then you would just have to keep rotating each group in a cycle.  So say you split 50k up into 5 groups of 10k each.  You would buy 10k worth of BTC at the low price exchange, and then transfer it to the highest price exchange and sell it at a higher price.  Now that you're back in cash, you'd ACH the money to your bank account.  I'd do that whole step in one day.  Then the next day, I'd repeat the process.  After 4-5 days, the 10.2k from your first group would flow back into your bank account, and you would be able to roll that amount right back into the low price exchange to begin the process again.
@_date: 2013-11-22 17:57:40
How is that difficult?  The blue line represents the percentage of total outstanding bitcoins that were held in the top 100 addresses combined over time, and the red line represents the top 500 addresses combined... 
@_date: 2013-08-08 18:51:21
Lesson to be learned:  Don't lock up fiat money in BTC if you think there is even a chance that you may need that money again quickly.
On a positive note, coinbase tends to lurk here on so you may get a response here.
@_date: 2013-06-27 12:50:53
Yes, obviously I'm familiar with that.  I actively traded MBS and CDO's when I worked in derivatives trading for an investment bank.  
My point was that it's not 100% a banks fault when people default on their mortgage.  The bank didn't cause you to miss your payments.  The bank didn't get you fired from your job, or force you to take on a mortgage that you really couldn't afford.  In the housing crisis, many homeowners are just as culpable as the banks.  Greed isn't just a problem that banks face...  It's a main street problem as well.  But people just blame the banks for it because they'd rather point the finger at an external source instead of also pointing the finger at themselves.  
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:35:53
The collective noise heard round the bitcoin world: "Argleblarghgaaah!"
@_date: 2013-04-25 21:17:54
Because it is more like a commodity than a currency.  Modern currencies' values are derived from the underlying GDP, trade balance, economic outlook, and a host of other factors.  With bitcoin, there aren't many underlying fundamentals that can be readily analyzed.
@_date: 2013-05-29 21:39:33
Ok, well the way that user accumulated his wealth in BTC was because he was a very early adopter, purchasing coins when they were valued at pennies per coin.  Some of the first transactions with BTC put the value at less than 1 cent per coin (way back in 2009).  That changed quickly.
My guess is the user you're asking about simply bought into bitcoin very early, probably when coins were still less than 10 cents per BTC.  At that rate, if he had purchased $1,000 USD worth, those coins would now be worth over $1.3 Million, or about a 133,000% return.
EDIT:  Nope, I don't downvote people who are genuinely asking a question because they don't know the answer.  I'm happy to help.  I usually only downvote if the content has been posted multiple times already, or if the comment is blatantly false or just ignorant.  I actually upvoted your comment and post.
@_date: 2013-05-03 17:05:44
Have you tested this thoroughly?
@_date: 2013-06-06 21:29:22
on MtGox it's pretty instant. They don't make you wait for confirmations to buy and sell again, only if you want to transfer your money out of MtGox.
@_date: 2013-08-16 19:56:02
Bottom line: don't buy silly "physical" bitcoins.  They have no purpose other than novelty.
@_date: 2013-06-25 20:48:43
He's saying that they don't accept bitcoin, and that he does not know if they will ever accept bitcoin in the future.  period.
@_date: 2013-05-01 19:00:43
Sure, PM me the broad details.
@_date: 2013-09-18 19:35:14
Why would you not respond?  Just say you think that they have the wrong idea, because your dwolla account is not used for business purposes, and you sell no products.  Simple as that.
@_date: 2013-06-11 21:27:20
I'm confused on what you mean by Amazon providing BTC liquidity, so I'm just going to avoid that part for now.
As for hiding Amazon's transactions, yes, generating a new receiving address for each transaction would be standard protocol.  However, all of those transactions would need to be consolidated somewhere.  Amazon wouldn't want a million different transaction accounts to keep track of.  The problem with concealing for Amazon would be when they have to consolidate those BTC to be exchanged back into USD.  
I doubt amazon would use Bitpay services, not because Bitpay is bad or couldn't handle the volume though.  Amazon would just build their own platform to handle it (or buy Bitpay outright and integrate it).  They tend to do everything their own way. 