@_author: tazadar
@_date: 2013-11-18 03:08:09
If you expect the currency you are accepting is depricating, you set your product at a higher price, as oppose to an appreciating currency you set a lower price. Smartphone priced at $500, pay with bitcoin 0.5 BTC ($250). This is what free markets decide. We have been living with inflationary fiat currencies and it's the world we know.
@_date: 2013-11-22 02:48:22
Peter is having a hard time wrapping his brain around the concept of virtual currency. Without a telecom network, the intrinsic value of the telephone (its plastic, metals) is inconsequential. The point or the value for a telephone is to transmit information over long distances. In the physical world, when gold is used as money, the fundamental exchange is information. Since information can spread infinitely. The gold atoms are the containment for the information. In the virtual world, we have to have a mechanism to contain the information. With money, you can have a counterparty (central entity) to check for the double-spend problem. In Bitcoin, the double-spend problem is solved with the blockchain, a public ledger.
I know Peter browse reddit. I hope that help. Whether Bitcoin will succeed or fail, who knows, but some other form of cryptocurrency will evolve out of it. Virtual currency is the next evolution in money.
@_date: 2013-11-20 21:03:42
I don't think it's a good comparison with China's ghost cities and a Bitcoin attacker. The business goals are not the same, one is a risky investment of the unknown and the other is a sure investment into a total loss.
The ghost cities are a waste and a bad investment, but not a total loss. The buildings and roads are still there and will stil be in 30 years. Maybe the government might change to more relax regulations, free economic zones or allow gambling. Look at Las Vegas, it's a desert. Who knows.
@_date: 2013-11-23 06:42:33
Putting aside the peep-to-peep payment system technology, the monetary scheme of Bitcoin is broken and immoral. It is even worst than the traditional debt-based money and central banking.
The Bitcoin scheme created by Satoshi Nakamoto is a pyramid scheme. In the future, academics will study Bitcoin and see it is probably the most sophisticated pyramid scheme in history.












The coins are not issued by the majority. The coins are issued by Satoshi, since the formula of issuing new coins heavily favors Satoshi. 














Sepp Hasslberger gave Satoshi insightful critique and suggestion to make the monetary scheme more balance and equitable.
Satoshi knows this. Instead of revising, he continued with his intended scheme anyway. Why?
The only reason I can think of is that Satoshi set out to make it a pyramid scheme.
 




Satoshi Nakamoto writes:






























































@_date: 2013-11-25 07:53:23
Erik, I agree with you that Bitcoin has two parts; decentralized p2p payment technology and the monetary/currency scheme.
I have no problem with the technology. The monetary or currency part of Bitcoin is the pyramid scheme.
Peter is absolutely right about people buy into Bitcoin at a lower price and selling it high price are classic sign of pyramid scheme. You might say, what about stocks. Stocks are backed by a company that create value, products or services. Bitcoin currency have zero value. If Bitcoin had never interacted with real world currency, people just continue to mine Bitcoin to 2140 for all 21 million BTC, 1BTC would still be $0 USD. 
BTC have monetary value to buy real world products and services is because of the interaction with real world currency. For the early investors that buy into Bitcoin with real world currency, buy low and later sell high, more participants have to come into the ecosystem with real world currency to support the higher BTC price.
I do not like the real world currency of debt based money and central banking, but the monetary scheme of Bitcoin is far far more evil. It is immoral. It is slavery.
@_date: 2013-11-16 19:53:04
The whole thing is criminal. This forceful participation in their fiat currency is immoral.
@_date: 2013-11-25 07:07:18
Peter Schiff has a lot more economics knowledge and experience. Maybe, some of you that aren't as experience should take a harder objective look at the Bitcoin scheme.
Virtual currency is a promising technology. However, the monetary scheme of Bitcoin is far far worse than the real world currency of debt based money.
The Bitcoin scheme is a pyramid scheme. All you have to look at are the Pharaoh (Satoshi) and the early adopters percentage share of BTC. The distribution is heavily shifted at a very small number of people. 
Peter should stop calling it a ponzi and start calling it a pyramid scheme.
@_date: 2013-11-22 00:39:42
The Bitcoin scheme is structured like a Pyramid Scheme, though. The early adopters control most of the bitcoin and get rich as more and more participants enter, that's a pyramid structure.
I like the decentralized peer-to-peer payment system, but the design needs to change that is tied to economic reality and balance.
@_date: 2013-11-26 07:28:23
Some Bitcoiners know it's a scam and are pumping Bitcoin to get new participants to buy BTC with real world currency. It is a sucker's game. Think hard and objectively about this.
2009 - 2.6 million BTC issued
2010 - 2.6 million BTC issued
2011 - 2.6 million BTC issued
2012 - 2.6 million BTC issued
2013 - 1.3 million BTC issued
2014 - 1.3 million BTC issued
The coin supply release schedule was designed by Satoshi. The supply is currently at ~13m (60%). Small number of early adopters 2009+2010 control a large percentage compare to late adopters.
By 2020 supply is at ~19m (90%), the last 2m (10%) will take 100+ years.
That should look funny to you. The distribution is a pyramid.
Do not be blinded by greed. The exchanges are fill with market manipulators to get ordinary people to buy into Bitcoin with real world currency. If Bitcoin never interact with real world currency, one BTC would be $0. 
The bits that make up a BTC is worthless as Reddit karmas. These wolves are playing on people's greed.
Forget about what others say about this awesome new technology, decentralized peer-to-peer payment network, blockchain crap. Fuck that shit. The currency is a pyramid scheme. 
Eric Posner calls Bitcoin a Ponzi scheme, but it is better categorized as a pyramid scheme.
Ponzi scheme has an operator that fools investors into practiciating into pyramid structure. A Pyramid scheme has a pharaoh that starts the scheme and recruits early adopters. All participants are potential promoters, some may or not realize it is a pyramid scheme. The incentive or motivations for participants to recruit new participants can be based on greed or sold on ideology.
Fool's Gold
Bitcoin is a Ponzi scheme—the Internet’s favorite currency will collapse.
"Yet history shows that private currencies always end in tears; if central banks sometimes abuse the trust we place in them, the alternatives are worse. The strangest feature of the bitcoin saga is that people who are so suspicious of government put their trust in Satoshi Nakamoto, who could be anyone, or anyones—eccentric academic researchers, mischievous Fed economists, DARPA, U.N. globalizers in black helicopters, a criminal syndicate, a bored 11-year-old Ukrainian genius. If Nakamoto is as amoral as he is ingenious, then he pocketed the early bitcoins and laughed himself to the bank."
@_date: 2013-11-18 19:37:22
If Fiatcoin come to existence, the banking establishment along with the enforcement arm of the IRS can force the common people to demand and use Fiatcoin. Tax enforcement is what gives their fiat currency legitimacy. If people can pay taxes in Fiatcoin, this is a advantage.