@_author: tbbhatna
@_date: 2014-01-08 20:59:20
Hey - I meant to thank you for your post.. it inspired some of my own research. I hope you won't mind if I contact you again from this thread... for real, thanks for your time!
@_date: 2013-12-22 22:58:45
I think he's saying that there are lots of sad stories, and that while they may be completely the fault of the bitcoin owner, they cause fear in those that don't understand it.
Could you use me as a test case for selling the idea of bitcoin? I don't know much about it, but more importantly, why I should care about it. What are the pros? The cons? I could probably google this all, but this is your chance to spread info like you wanted! I'll happily respond with any questions I have to your explanations.
@_date: 2013-12-23 14:17:51
Thanks for the info - definitely much more than I knew! So here are my questions/concerns, and by all means, categorize them as coming from a 'fear because of insufficient understanding':
- I had thought that the routing of payments (whatever the currency) over electronic channels would always incur fees from the service doing the routing. There really is no fee to send or receive money? If not, then why is this channel being provided, if the provider is not profiting? Altruistic goals? (That's kinda tough to swallow - if not only at first - as even elon musk and the tesla cars see profit through their benevolent creations..)
- Internet-based anything always carries a tag of 'hackable', or 'less secure' (not that I truly know enough to say otherwise - but to think otherwise of the public is too-wishful thinking.... Or maybe I'm not a representative of the majority?). Physical cash is secured by mainly physical means (while in my direct possession.. Maybe not while it is in banks), which people are familiar with. "I can see it, so it's safe. I know HOW it's secured, so I'm comforted" can it be stolen? Sure! But personal anti-theft methods have regularized themselves, such that home safes, chain-linked wallets, and other physical deterrents to thieves are generally accepted as working 'well enough'. And people can understand the security mechanism (or at least the ideas they're based on)
ALL that to say, can you explain to me how all transfers and storage of bitcoins is secure? I understand that explaining complex, abstract, code-based tools, in layman's terms, to lay men, could be insanely frustrating, but people these days are over-exposed to Internet scams, and their need to at least pseudo-understand before trusting is important to THEM.
- Lastly, you mentioned "THEY can't print more...". Who's 'they'? Are they important to how much I should trust bitcoin? Is there a 'they' in a traditional sense? Could some other body take control of bitcoins? Could the system be compromised such that the will of the body in charge could be utilized to take advantage of the system some how?
I know there are a lot of tangents in that body of questions, but they are honestly the first concerns I can think of. If the response to my questions is "well, maybe bitcoins aren't for you, because you don't understand anything about currencies", that's fine, but you would never expect me to then get on the bitcoin train (which, correct me if I'm wrong, is the most important next step for bitcoin? To get people accepting the idea of it, so it can be ingratiated into the current economic system?).
This is cool, new stuff, and I appreciate the time you've already taken to explain it. If you're so inclined, I'd love to continue this comment thread, which is selfishly beneficial to my knowledge of bitcoins!