@_author: tdichristopher
@_date: 2017-12-22 18:28:43
There are absolutely energy efficiency and consumption concerns. I wasn't able to get into this in the article, but Christian from MIT made an interesting point: It's difficult to make a judgement about whether the energy used to mine bitcoins is worth it because we don't yet know the benefit bitcoin will have to society. Will it be a store of value? A means of payment? A fiat currency? Right now, it doesn't have a clear purpose or societal benefit, so it can very much seem like we are burning energy to produce something that does not yet have a widely accepted value. If bitcoin is ultimately deemed to have a societal benefit, then we can start to weigh the cost of producing it against that benefit. Even then, I think many people will feel that bitcoin, as designed, is simply too inefficient for the good to outweigh the bad -- and maybe other cryptocurrencies that require less energy to "mint" are better for society, especially if they can provide the same benefit, whatever that turns out to be.
@_date: 2017-12-22 15:43:53
I'm an energy journalist, and my editor put me on this story. I wasn't really sure what angle I would take, but I quickly realized that virtually everyone was referring to this Digiconomist estimate -- which set off some red flags.
I started asked around about the model. People who have researched the power consumption of IT, data centers, etc for years say Digiconomist's Bitcoin Energy Consumption Index is potentially very flawed because it's not based on hard data -- it backs into bitcoin's energy consumption by using a combination of hard data about bitcoin computing power and transactions and making assumptions about how much bitcoin miners spend on energy. That sort of modeling can lead to multiple layers of error. This is why a lot of of other research expresses bitcoin's energy consumption in a wide range. 
But bitcoin's energy consumption is a hot topic, and Digiconomist gives journalists, research analysts and investors a clean, single number they can cite. 
As for some of these projections that bitcoin mining will consume all the world's energy by 2020, that is based on wildly misleading idea that the growth rate for energy consumption tied to a new technology will continue in the future. Researchers told me forecasters have made this mistake time and time again: With data traffic through the internet and for electric power demand from the internet, business machines in the mid-90s and even Palm Pilots. Here's the story I wrote up on it if you're interested in delving into how these wild forecasts spread like wildfire: 