@_author: teaforme
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:22:56
Can you go into more detail with regards to your third paragraph?
And yes, my issue right now is that my company's average transaction is over $40,000, with many suppliers to pay who do not/would not accept bitcoin, so on my end there is a need to convert to dollars quickly in order to both pay the suppliers and ensure retention of the dollar value of the bitcoins. Looking for a service that can do that, which Bitpay seems to be able to do, both as an additional payment option (using bitcoins rather than credit cards as the fees are MUCH lower) and simply a an experiment to see how I like dipping my toes into the water.
@_date: 2013-12-25 00:41:23
As I business owner, I will tell you exactly why. It's because the price fluctuates greatly  in value vis-a-vis fiat currency on a daily basis, whereas -- despite its flaws -- fiat currency like the dollar only changes very slightly on a short-term basis. 
You might notice that many large corporations actually strategically plan their business based on forecasted changes in the fiat currency market over the next five years. Euro may go up against the dollar by as little as 10% over the next five years? Let's sign all our contracts in euros. On the other hand, bitcoin fluctuates by as much as 25% in a single day.
In any case, what business owners needs is stability in pricing. They need to know that one bitcoin today can be safely assumed to be worth the same a month from now vis-a-vis alternatives in the marketplace. I cannot afford to sell my products only to have the value drop 25% the next day. I'd go bankrupt. (The importance of value vis-a-vis alternatives is always important in currency markets, despite what hatred you may have for fiat.)
Obviously, I can't pay suppliers in bitcoin either until they adopt it, and they would not adopt it until there is perceived price stability. If my suppliers don't adopt it, then I have to pay them in fiat. And since it is currently difficult to get large sums of cash out of the bitcoin exchanges, you can see the conundrum.
Lastly, I'd say trust is another big factor. While crypto-currencies should theoretically be secure, I'd say a hell of a lot of them are being stolen without any recourse. Blame it on the end user, but at the end of the day anybody must be able to feel that their money is secure if they are going to use it. 
I can't make a $200,000 transaction only to have it lose 25% of its value and then be stolen 10 minutes later without any recourse. Or if not stolen, it loses 25% of its value while I slowly try to withdraw it from the exchanges. Fix those problems and you might have something.
@_date: 2013-12-25 06:48:23
I would consider it if it stabilizes in terms of price fluctuation and security. It could be a very interesting way to do business. I'm not sure that I need it for the cryptographic reasons, but I think that is where the big potential lies especially for third world countries with foreign currency controls. Let me explain.
Countries like Venezuela, Zimbabwe, other repressive regimes and even some higher growth ones like China often do not have transparent and free currency markets. They also have foreign capital outflow restrictions that can make it near impossible to exchange in dollars/euros therefore making it impossible to do business with the outside world.
Now, whether we like it or not, the dollar/euro are here for now and are the main media for international trade. However, if can't trade in dollars/euros, you are completely screwed when trying to do business outside your shitty country.
Enter bitcoin.... the perfect way to circumvent government foreign currency controls and do business in dollars/euros. This is going to sound cheezy, but what an awesome way to unleash some freedom and economic growth in some truly repressed places. 
If you can get bitcoin to be more stable and secure, it would definitely create some extraordinary international business opportunities, especially for small to medium sized businesses trying to sell globally.
@_date: 2013-12-25 23:21:48
I'll have to look more into this. Tehnology like this could actually be quite valuable if the fees are less than what you'd have to pay to a merchant processor
@_date: 2013-12-27 07:54:05
Looking into Coinbase now (this is pretty new to me). What was your issue there?
@_date: 2013-12-25 06:39:40
I don't know what Bitpay is. Can you explain what it does? You say intertia is a more relevant factor -- that's great from your perspective, and I can see where you are coming from. But if there was a lot of upside there wouldn't be as much inertia. It has to be worth it to do it.
@_date: 2013-12-29 01:54:43
Typical Krugman commentary. Incendiary title, straw man argument, and no attempt to understand or enlighten. Has this man actually done any economics lately?
@_date: 2013-12-25 06:49:06
Exactly. With a bank, I won't lose my money because of their (or even my) security errors.