@_author: tealdoor
@_date: 2014-08-23 16:01:45
The problem is that the questions to the Court have been formulated so broadly by the referring Swedish court that it is no longer a case only about VAT on transaction fees, but also about VAT on buying bitcoins with fiat in general. Most experts see it that way. So this is one of the major questions at stake: if an individual buys bitcoin off an exchange, should the exchange add local VAT to the EUR amount of bitcoins sold?
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:41:34
You are absolutely right but somebody should go and explain this to the Court of Justice. I wouldn't count on them to reach this conclusion all by themselves.
@_date: 2014-08-23 12:31:36
The Belgian Bitcoin Assocation is trying this weekend to organise some type of coordinated response, together with similar organisations all over the EU and major stakeholders (mainly bitcoin exchanges). Direct interventions and briefs by third parties before the Court of Justice seem to be not allowed according to the procedural rules. Seems the only choice is to directly support the defense of Mr. Hendqvist, the Swedish taxpayer.
This case is very important because even if some Member States have already stated that buying bitcoins with fiat should be VAT exempt, they will be forced to change that practice if the Court says so.
Charging VAT on bitcoins sold would be illogical and would probably lead to massive cross-border fraud (because being subject to VAT also entails the right to deduct VAT in some circumstances), but if nobody shows up to actually defend and explain that position, the outlook could be bleak.
So, let's get our act together! If you operate an exchange, talk to your competitors because this is crucial for the entire ecosystem in the EU!
@_date: 2014-08-23 16:07:32
I don't see how an unfavourable ruling would fuel B2B-transactions. B2B-transactions would then be considered barter. VAT is indeed neutral for businesses (they can deduct the VAT), but bartering implies double invoicing (and invoice for the goods and services plus a second invoice for the bitcoins paid), i.e. a lot of red tape. Not practical.