@_author: teaux
@_date: 2017-12-22 07:33:23
Can anyone explain the value of bitcoin?  
So, we’re using a massive amount of (mostly) chemical energy to power purpose built computers using valuable components to compute useless algorithms, which increase in complexity in correlation to the market price of bitcoin.  This system facilitates securely encrypted financial transactions, useful for money laundering, tax avoidance, and black market commerce.  
Media attention has driven rapid and extreme increase in Bitcoin market price, as new participants seek to capitalize on rapidly rising value, with little regard for the intrinsic value of the product (if any).
The exchange is totally unregulated and therefore subject to closure or disruption at any time without avenue for legal recourse available to currency holders.  
Someone who purchased 1 USD worth of Bitcoin on inception would now have assets worth ~2MM +/- 5 to 20% on any given day this week. 
Does any of this make any fucking sense?  Is there any real value in it? 
IIRC some bank exec. called Bitcoin a Ponzi scheme - which seems functionally correct - absent the criminal intent &amp; organization of a standard Ponzi scheme. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 06:38:57
Yeah, I understand the nature of currency and am more interested in whether or not the concept of Bitcoin makes any sense.
There are clearly severe problems with the current valuation method, which I think will lead to gains for some and ultimately losses for many unsophisticated investors.
Tough to create a stable cryptocurrency without tracking some national currency or commodity, but necessary to achieve independence from government policy.
At least now there's great field data available to anyone seeking to build a better system. 
Edit: We've seen this kind of thing before: mortgage backed securities, triple leveraged commodity ETF's, traditional pump &amp; dumps, Tesla (although I'm a fan &amp; bought on IPO, the current market valuation is insane), weed companies - basically any financial product that suffers from investment based on hype.  I don't think this scenario was anticipated by Bitcoin's inventors but it will need to be addressed.  