@_author: technicalthrowaway
@_date: 2014-11-17 14:42:57
I thought the same. I'd be surprised if 79% of US organizations could explain the differences between Bitcoin and PayPal.
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:44:29
Satoshi's writings were generally quite humble. This guy probably doesn't use the word humble, because he has his own special super long word that means something similar, only when he uses it, it proves how much more intelligent he is than you.
@_date: 2016-05-03 21:36:55
Craig Wright doesn't seem like he'd say sorry.
@_date: 2016-05-04 08:18:28


Wright has a lot more to gain by proclaiming to be SN.
I agree, people are being harsh in denouncing him, but if you understand the nature of the Bitcoin community, and the nature of cryptographic proofs, it would be very *very* easy for CW to prove he's SN. But he claimed he doesn't want to be bothered by media, or accept any credit, or want any trouble, he just wants to get on with his work. So he creates a media team, goes to some of the 3 biggest media corporations, creates gives a "maliciously convoluted" "proof" for the public, creates NDAs, flies people out to London to prove in specially established and controlled environment.
Fact is, he's sidestepped the one simple thing that would prove he's Satoshi (public signed message from first block) and instead opted to do the 1 thing he specifically claimed he didn't want to do.
The reason why he's being denounced is because from the POV of the Bitcoin community, he's trying to con the world into believing he's Satoshi by deliberately avoiding those who would be able to spot his con (e.g. the Bitcoin community) by going for an appeal to authority via Gavin. Whether this is actually the case or not, he's not doing the simple things to avoid it looking like this is the case, which only adds to people's suspicion.
edit: also, if there's any chance this guy isn't SN, then the community will do everything to prove he's not, because I don't think people who use Bitcoin want the mainstream media to associate it with a guy who's got such a dodgy history.
@_date: 2016-05-04 10:18:56


SPV, as in Simplified Payment Verification? Simplified Payment Verification is used and outlined in the original Satoshi paper (see page 5) unless he's claiming he was the first person who thought about using an acronym for it?
@_date: 2016-05-03 17:57:52
His excuse for coming out now was that because of the stuff leaked at the end of last year, his family and friends were getting harassed. It's understandable he'd like to put rumours from those documents to rest to protect his loved ones.
What doesn't make sense to me is that if he really wanted to do that, if he really wanted a quiet life, he would simply sign a message using keys from the genesis block and publish them. It's really not hard. It just seems kind of illogical "I want a quiet life from all those people who want a clear message that I'm Satoshi, so I'll give them this verging on maliciously ambiguous and cryptographically lame 'proof' instead" - I don't know what he expected to achieve with this, Satoshi or not. An acceptable proof of a message signed by genesis block keys would be far quicker and easier than flying people out to London, getting NDAs, meeting with media etc.
But it could just be that he's an awkward computer scientist who wants full control over everything but made everything worse in the process.