@_author: technogeeky
@_date: 2017-06-27 20:38:43
It took them almost a dozen iterations to get to the point where the decryption couldn't be done in about 20 seconds using the free decryption tools.
They used a single e-mail address which got shutdown.
These are not smart people. These are hacks with hacks.
@_date: 2017-06-30 06:15:04
1. I didn't mean to really insult you (though I did take a stab at your name under the assumption -- now I realize incorrect -- that you were very interested in bitcoin)
2. I incorrectly assumed that you were into bitcoin, or that you were a computer scientist or something along those lines.
3. The economics connection is just that bitcoin is a currency, and the bitcoin market is a market.
4. I don't understand the economic impact either yet, but I bet it's going to be in the tens of billions or more. I too have connections to the shipping industry -- through Maersk.
Sorry for any offense.
@_date: 2017-06-27 20:36:05
I think it's a bit ironic given:
1. your name of and
2. that this is in where economics is espoused to be understood
The cost of this ransomware attack **far** exceeds $300 per computer infected. Just at this particular company alone:
1. They have told all staff, worldwide, to leave for the day. That's somewhere in the 80,000 range. Their salaries will be paid for their employees to do nothing at all.
2. They currently appear to have no plans to solve/fix this yet, so that will probably be the same instructions tomorrow. And the next day.
3. Because of the interactions the ransomware and existing software (whole hard disk encryption) and security protocols (BIOS/UEFI passwords preventing recovery booting) used widely throughout the company, many of the computers attacked were never infected; the bootsector/MBR was simply altered in a way that prevents it from booting. I suspect this will make it easier to recover, but that will still have to be done remotely or through mail-in of effected computers. Which costs a lot of money, especially overnight.
The point is, the real cost of this is very, very high. It's far more than the $300 per computer. And this is just for a normal everyday business, not for mission- and system-critical businesses and government services.