@_author: techniumunlimited
@_date: 2017-01-19 07:29:57
They have to report you to FinCen, this is due to regulations they had to shut your account down &amp; they also had to keep the info on why from you, while gathering as much info as possible to identify you with their "by-law" required FinCEN report. 
Thanks regulations...
Also, look up "Operation Chokepoint" which is a government program designed to kill over a dozen legal business industries by govt pressuring financers like banks &amp; credit unions to deny them accounts, including bitcoin, tobacco, pretty much any product not on amazon.. So that may have played a role in your problem. Check out my youtube video to get a free prepaid for cashing out btc on : 
@_date: 2017-01-19 23:59:21
Why wouldn't you take any screens of this? Second off, Paxful staff would like to stop people from scamming, as a number one priority. If you are banned you should know that no seller wants to do business with you if they knew you were a second account anyways. Thirdly, If you are violating rules &amp; defrauding Paxful with a new account, then you should have your account locked and closed. 
Us actual sellers who rely on not receiving scammers and fraudulent users do not want users who have been banned to come to us on a second account, nor do we want sellers like you mentioned selling stolen cards gift cards either.
Having 1500 rep I know for a fact the paxful staff who moderates this place did not say that in any chat you saw. You violated their rules.
Clearly since you made a deal with the seller after your 2nd account was banned, you were the one in the wrong, because you couldnt have made a deal with him if he had scammed you after paxful moderators came in.
@_date: 2017-01-30 07:31:25
There is a special channel of nodes reserved for coinbase? -.-
@_date: 2017-01-19 07:05:32
Hi, this is not because they are greedy assholes. This is because of damaging regulations by both Republicans &amp; Democrats (patriot act &amp; consumer protection (chargeback req. laws) and regulations). Blame the govt not the bank, because they are by law not allowed to tell you in order to ensure they aren't required by law to update their compliance system to accommodate your new knowledge so they stay up to regulation, costing millions easily. Vote regulations &amp; authoritarian laws away please.
@_date: 2017-01-20 00:13:01
And localbitcoins is better? They are providing you a free market at great risk to themselves in this socialized cesspool of regulations &amp; financial law. Maybe you should support capitalist laws of liberty &amp; freedom, and then more kosher people would step in to run these types of sites?
@_date: 2017-01-30 09:42:51
lol 