@_author: technocal
@_date: 2019-10-09 20:29:29
Seriously. Y'all fucking nuts. I've got a portfolio where I day drink and buy daily options on gold mining companies and it's doing better than my crypto portfolio. This stuff can't stay North of 10k anymore and I'm just sitting here pissed off but not quite sure how to direct my anger at decentralized currency
@_date: 2019-10-10 06:46:25
who said anything about gains? Seriously though, thanks for the trolling
@_date: 2019-10-10 06:28:35
Literally every openly traded asset, security, currency and commodity is a protocol of consensus. All you need to be a protocol of consensus is a publicly recorded bid and ask price. Bitcoin is an asset that I've been watching and studying since 2011. Bought my first coin at $600. The fact that it isn't a stock/business is irrelevant to my a) frustration with present performance and b) my observations that it isn't obeying the basic economic principles that I'd expect. I did turn about 6% today which was nice, but instead of holding, I liquidated. I think that any crypto's price should be an amalgamation of a bunch of things.
The price to send money back home should be a huge contributor to any currencies price. USD and Western Union. That shit is FUCKING GROSS. For BTC, it seems like there are other options but BTC is still beating the. 
Far as store of value goes, I used to be a pretty hard core believer in this stuff, but lately I can't justify holding for more than a week or two here and there. Frankly, lately I'm usually day trading news about a government regulation or an exchange opening up. I like to catch news that a market will like before most of the people participating in that market are awake and ride the tide and get out when I know it's safe. A bird in the hand... I might take a more long term approach for the next halvening if I see a good buy in opportunity. I might start exploring futures if I'm going be day trading the way have been lately.
I also think that the ability to freely buy prohibited things hugely contributed to BTC when I first got into it. The fact that you could spend it on silk road was huge back before BTC broke $1000. Whether it's compensation for politically sensitive but benevolent work in authoritarian regimes or it's used for less than redeeming purposes, when it comes to opposing central bankers and governments, any crypto can get some value here. If it is valued on the black market, it has value. If it is more expensive than alternatives, but also more secure, when there are considerable risks to being caught, there is an implied value of increased security. This is a huge part of any currency that's literally named after cryptography. Buying BTC on coinbase and having the entrie establishment know what currency you've held and how exactly that currency connects to bank accounts that are tied to your social security is pretty fucking gross and I think that's representative of a pretty huge proportion of the speculative market.
All I know is fuck central bankers and the government printing fuckloads of toilet paper money. But also I don't even know what a bitcoin user is any more these days. I'm not sure what exactly I want my relationship to bitcoin to be. I'm just feeling pretty confused lately and I don't know what to make of it all.
@_date: 2019-10-09 20:32:27
It's like the same fucking thing under the hood but with lower fees and BTC is kicking its ass by a country mile. What fucking asset gets beat by an asset that's 60% down from all time high. I used to think I understood this shit, but I don't get it anymore
@_date: 2019-10-10 06:39:41
BTC and BCH have gross volatility this year. They haven't made it back to their all time highs. They both are cheaper than sending money home via western union, certainly safer than putting USD in an envelope. Less anonymous than Monero from what I can tell. They don't have the gross fraud issues of the ETH ICOs. But I'm in my early 20s. I work shit jobs that I hate and I'm paid in USD which I'm certain other people are counterfeiting and the US government is printing with impunity. I'm looking at government bonds and gold and real estate and gambling on options just as much as I'm looking at crypto in general. I love bitcoin's public buy-in and recognition compared to other coins. I love that less that 1% of people with money seem to really understand or use bitcoin which means that there could be a lot more room for growth, but I don't know how to even consider valuing it and I don't know how exactly it suits my needs or risk profile or financial goals. I can't pin a value on it. The dollar is backed by nothing. Bitcoin is backed by consensus and the value of an immutable ledger and the heat that the mining processors expel. I just want to save up for an off grid house and live as far away from neighbors as cheaply as possible and as soon as possible. I'm sick of the grind and the dick heads who locked in the 2% inflation without making sure we get 2% raises. Fuck this wage slave shit. I want to break out of this day in day out grind lifestyle and I have severe trust issues with our financial system. I'd love to know anyone's thoughts
@_date: 2017-10-31 07:30:52
smh, don't buy any commodity at an all-time high