@_author: technigeneric
@_date: 2019-11-17 20:30:17
Not when you take on the DPR mantel for the Feds prior to SR1 seizure.  StExo got 5 yrs for CP, conspiracy to distribute CP, distribution (of... take your pick narcotic), money laundering, and god knows what else.  That was actually the first Gold.  When StExo (sorry, FBI) deleted all his posts and changed PGP keys to money launder it was game over.  Except he did host a bunch of tor exit nodes (\~Onymous aka yes, DPR2 probably just took his own site down.  Carnegie Mellon is expensive) "bulletproof" (my ass) tor hosting, which he gladly hosted hacked content like Ashley Honeypot on, or whatever.
I do invite you to check out some of what is starting to come out about all of the sealed cases. It's starting to look plainly obvious like Ross is a patsy.  Just wait for PoM, who had the PW that logged on to the DPR account during his trial.  PoM was snitching on Ross, FYI.  Ross wasn't the first.  There had been multiple arrests/stings on boards before SR1 where PoM was suspect   Why do you think he turned himself in voluntarily after making up that insane story?  No FBI agent rogue/corrupt or not makes direct contact w active investigation subjects; they're creeps.   [  And they will not comment on ongoing investigations as policy.  PoM needed an excuse in case he needed to testify against Ross, but Forrest wouldn't allow the expert witness for digital forensics.  It would have been likely to prove that PoM w the PW made up the whole redandwhite all together with the redwhiteandblue.
Yep, and then check out Tony76 now.  I'm about to blow your mind...
@_date: 2019-11-18 07:04:33
I hope you're not talking about this:   [ advertisement.  That's the Hydra admin being arrested in Hungary during Operation Onymous when he was subsequently released w/o explanation.  Does it still aggregate private shops and markets but all use the same built-in mixer?  That was how it was re-released in 2015.  Sort of sketch.  The Hydra server was the excuse used to take down the Hub back then too.
@_date: 2019-11-18 07:08:06
Idk about everyone, but a good % that run them are LE, they'll make anything stick if they really want to enough.
@_date: 2019-11-18 05:04:37
Did you keep the same vendor name for \~6 years!?  Jw if the seniority and obv SR1 connection might have put a target on you since they apparently surveilled after you ceasing ops.  If you changed, how often do you recommend/overlap etc.?
@_date: 2018-04-04 15:35:38
did mine fall under neither umbrella?  how is your bitcoin doing in regards to those altcoins right now? Man if someone hadn't critically explained some structural flaws in your currency yesterday you might have 40% more of your wealth.