@_author: tedmrogers
@_date: 2014-07-15 10:14:00
Sparrow-Sean -- I apologize for the delay in getting back to you. Not sure why or how that happened but it is unacceptable.  Please contact me directly and I will try to take care of it.
If you are not sure of how to do so on Reddit, here are the steps: 
Thank you and best regards,
@_date: 2014-03-29 21:49:09
agreed -- there is a huge amount of wall street money waiting to get in - and they will soon
@_date: 2014-04-17 18:36:27
Hey Max -- I just saw this -- I am with you!!
blog post today: 
@_date: 2014-04-18 12:44:43
Yeah I think Blockchain would be a good option, as well but it doesn't connote a second Internet, which although not a perfect analogy helps the public understand.  the "Bitnet" has some drawbacks, per the comments on this thread but I think the drawbacks go away if Bitnet became a widespread reference for the blockchain ecosystem.
@_date: 2014-03-14 20:39:23
Hi Everyone,
My name is Ted Rogers and I am the SVP for Business Development at Xapo.
With the help of Willis Insurance, I've spent the last several months putting together the insurance product for the Xapo Vault. Bitcoin is a new thing for the insurance industry, obviously, but with the help of Willis and our partners at Benchmark, Fortress and Ribbit Capital, we were able to construct an insurance policy that fully insures all the bitcoins stored in our Vault.
The total amount of insurance is much larger than $15MM and most of the insurance reserve is in Bitcoins, which means that the insurance coverage scales if the price of bitcoin goes up. The bitcoins that our customers keep in the Xapo vault are fully insured.
I can tell you that one of the ways we were able to break through and get the level of insurance required to be full-insured was through our executive team's and shareholders' personal commitment. They were early investors in Bitcoin and pledged large amounts of their personal bitcoins to Xapo's insurance reserves.  In the midst of all the uncertainty in the market today, I hope that gives an indication of our level of trust in the security of the Vault and of our our level of commitment -- to providing insurance to our customers and to helping increase trust in Bitcoin.
Per some other comments: we do need to clean up the grammer/writing on our site.  We are doing that and adding to our FAQs section, as well.
Thanks very much for caring enough about the issue to participate in the discussion.  Please feel free to contact us via the various emails provided on our website.
If you feel it's justified, please upvote this comment so people visiting this thread will see a fair counterpoint to the original post.
Best regards,
@_date: 2015-07-07 12:28:09
Hi -- this is Ted Rogers from Xapo.  I appreciate the concern of the OP and others on this thread, and I thought it might be helpful to provide some context.
Xapo has moved its corporate headquarters to Switzerland. The first step was mainly a legal process: Xapo Gmbh has been duly incorporated and our corporate restructuring is being completed.  The second step is operational: hiring staff and getting them trained and onboarded.  We have already hired key administrative personnel in Switzerland, including local company representatives accountants and attorneys, but the selection and staffing of excellent operational personnel will take longer.  
Our goal over the coming months is making sure that quality service to our users is maintained and, ideally, enhanced.  We will take whatever steps are necessary to meet those goals, regardless of the time it takes to achieve them.
Thank you again for your concerns.
@_date: 2015-03-29 11:50:05
Hi PamAtLarge -- I'm sorry you are having problems logging in to your Xapo account.  Please send me a direct message and I will make sure we understand the issue and get it resolved.
Please do not worry that you have lost the bitcoins in your Xapo wallet -- that is definitely not the case.
Thank you,
@_date: 2015-02-26 22:18:29
I apologize if you are having problems with your account -- hopefully our customer support and compliance teams can get that sorted out for you.  I also wanted to answer your first two questions.  
Regarding our relationship with our investors: it is excellent -- they are happy that we have the best security in the industry, have a dual layer of insurance coverage and are the largest custodian of bitcoins in the world.  Our large client base of institutions -- probably the largest in the industry -- is a pretty good endorsement of our reputation and the moves that Xapo has been making. Of course, we always endeavor to improve and the feedback from users on Reddit and elsewhere helps us in that regard.