@_author: tehfence
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:45:51
Eh, maybe he has it written down somewhere or something.
@_date: 2019-03-25 10:04:02
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:34:47
So? How does that justify anything? "Oh, it's bad now, *but it used to be worse*!"
Yeah, no. Just because we live in the best era doesn't mean current issues are less valid.
@_date: 2015-07-15 13:42:10
Do you think it is reasonable to charge an individual a million dollars to save their lives?  I don't think so. Money shouldn't be an issue when it comes to health. Only 10 people need it, so what? That should not matter. Cancer treatment is also ridiculously expensive, and that's paid by health insurance. In an ideal world, these 10million should be paid by insurance, too.
@_date: 2015-07-16 10:23:02
Well, I told you. Pay it via insurance. I think basic things like food, shelter and healthcare should be provided by a combined effort of the people (which is what happens, people pay taxes, which pay for welfare) for those who can't provide them for themselves. You paint it as so unrealistic, but it's already reality.
I mean, just take something like Huntington. It's not a 10 people in the world rare disease, but it's still rare. And it's untreatable, so you essentially pay a shit ton of money to keep people alive a little longer. But if you live in one of these socialist shithole, like, say, Germany or Switzerland, healthcare pays for what you need. Because being healthy shouldn't ever be exclusive to the people who can afford it. It's not about being altruistic, it's about "if I were in that situation".
And yes, inflated costs of healthcare are a problem. But that's beside the point. Your 10 people on earth disease might as well cost 10 million, and that might be perfectly reasonable. Or it might be not. Of course we *shouldn't* pay more than what's reasonable, but what we're talking about is whether it should be paid at all.
And with that said, if you aren't dirt poor, a portion of your income goes towards healthcare. Just like it happens. How big that portion should be is debatable, but that's a system that insures that everybody contributes a fair amount. Let's say 15%. That's pretty reasonable if the coverage is good.
For what food and shelter should cost, well, whatever is necessary to provide food that isn't shit and shelter that doesn't make you wanna kill yourself. You know, whatever the basics are for a human to reasonably live with. That's widely different between countries, so assigning any numbers is pointless. What you need yo live a basic life in Luxemburg is way more than what you need in Montenegro. 