@_author: tehpanta
@_date: 2014-02-22 08:12:09
Actually its not about douchebaggery. Reasons why Thorbinator is right to correct you are many:
1.) Business logic when operating large sums of money is a non-trivial thing where one thing connects to ten others. Changing 100 lines of code in the application can actually mean code revision of the whole thing, implementation of many other "branches" on the integration platform...and so on and so forth. Changing 100 lines of code on my personal webpage is easy, changing the whole integration layer because of some 100 lines of code can (please note the usage of the word "can" instead of "does") mean thousands of hours integrating those with the rest of the environment.
2. Proper testing of any single change is a must have when you operate large sums of money directly. And if I say proper testing, I dont mean usual chipmunks that randomly click links (ie. not the "proper testing" of todays gaming bussiness). It means profiling the whole thing, having a good design, integration testing and monitoring.
Simply put Thorbinator or DrSixPack simply stated, that stating that something is a matter of "simple few hundred of python code" does not have to mean it actually is that easy to implement in all cases (and that in most bussiness cases in "exchange" environment is actually rather lengthy process).
Or you can implement 100 lines of python code and "see what happens". Only several billion USD are in play...How hard can it be? :)
Just my five cents.
@_date: 2014-02-20 07:27:59
I am from central europe and lets say that if OP needs someone to take care of whoever doesnt care about lawyers, I will lend him "some" aid.
@_date: 2014-10-20 06:35:39
Doesnt work with crypto. Not in the same way as it does with fiat.
@_date: 2014-02-22 13:23:06
Hence the usage of the word "can" instead of "does". There is no such thing as standalone code in integrated environment, even more so in banking/money business. Even if you have a single snippet, you have to have a frontend serving it, security layers protecting it, I suppose exchanges use non-trivial network segmentation and connecting to production database is not a matter of launching jdbc connector with a username and password.
I am not saying it has to be tough and lenghty to implement. Im just pointing out that telling things like "its several lines of code, should be done in a day" is a dangerous speech. People then tend to think of it as a rule and expect the feature to be implemented in the matter of hours/days by everyone. 
@_date: 2014-02-19 08:52:03
Actually if you start small, you dont have to give them almost anything. Under 2k$ per month, you dont have to give them any ID, proof of residence or anything of this kind. I find that a rare quality these days...
@_date: 2014-02-20 11:41:19
That sure escalated rather quickly :) My apologies for incorrect quotation marks!! I won't be making this mistake ever again...especially if there is good and bad AIDS present!