@_author: tehryanx
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:55:03
I don't have a lot of faith in "responsible" disclosure anyway. Especially with companies who don't take these threats seriously. I have a lot more faith in full disclosure, and this scenario is a perfect example of why. This wasn't exactly the most difficult vector to leverage in an attack and they claim to have known about it a good long while. If that's true, they left their clientbase are risk for that time. As soon as OP chose full disclosure, the vulnerability was patched. From where I'm sitting, OP could have the worst attitude I'd ever seen in my life and he'd still be the one to have fixed a serious problem that had me at risk. He acted right in this scenario, and coinbase acted with no regard for you or I. I don't understand why you would defend them in this.
EDIT: suggesting other people don't use the bounty program, to me, is just like saying that he doesn't trust coinbase to responsibly respond to responsible disclosures. At this point, I basically agree with that. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:20:04
tbh you look like a shill. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 21:12:42
If the vulnerable platform services clients, and the vulnerability would put the clients, rather than just the company, at risk then I *always* feel better about full disclosure. It puts pressure on the company to do something about the problem. It's a mistake to assume that just because something isn't disclosed that nobody knows about it. If the coinbase guy is being honest, then he sat on this vulnerability for months under the presumption that nobody was using it to compromise accounts. I don't feel any better about that than I would feel about it being public information and them sitting on it because if that happened then I could deide for myself whether or not I wanted to use that service based on that information. 
Attackers don't just blast login attempts at a webserver the way you might think they do. They'll automate the process using proxies/various useragents/etc slowly over time. It wouldn't look any different to coinbase. I'm honestly surprised this problem hasn't been already used to steal accounts. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 19:40:38
maybe not, but I'm not entirely convinced. This is my field, so I can say with some authority that what he submitted is a legitimate vulnerability. There is no shortage of password db dumps around that you could run against coinbase, and since coinbase was previously not ratelimiting there is also no shortage of accounts you could steal. This is a vulnerability any way you slice it. Let's say they did get a report in the past (and I honestly don't think they did) but let's just say they did. THey clearly didn't consider it to be worth fixing, even though it only took a few minutes to fix it once they had to. Either it wasn't previously disclosed, or they don't take serious threats seriously. Either way coinbase loses points with me. 