@_author: tejano
@_date: 2014-01-28 20:47:40
If you're interested, check out Kyle Thorpey's overview: 
As well as: 
@_date: 2014-01-06 04:31:58
- Why Huobi purportedly has higher volume than BTCChina and OKCoin (
- How to detect if a cryptocurrency exchange is fudging numbers (
@_date: 2014-01-06 03:39:31
The TL;DR subtitle was related to Bill Bishop's own comment which summarized the original Sina post (click on the hyperlinks within the article to see why).  The Sina post that everyone is responding to is actually quite long, hence the additional summary at OfNumbers.
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:33:18
Hi, good question and the answers are completely speculative (unless the person you talks with works for the PBOC).
Ultimately the PBOC has the authority to ban cryptocurrency exchanges on the mainland and even ban the commercial use of it.  But they have (so far) chosen not to.  This is not an accident and again, they can ban nearly any of the ecosystem within China immediately (e.g., exchanges, merchants, POS, even large ASIC facilities).
Why haven't they?  Perhaps they want to control it which is significantly easier if there are just a couple of big exchanges and not many small ones (there were ~20 about 2 months ago, it is unclear how many there are today).
Perhaps connected members in the PBOC and its peer organs in the PRC are indeed making money off of BTC as some have speculated, but this is impossible to tell unless an address is verified.    For example, on a small, distributed 1-1 scale, bitcoin exchanges are essentially untraceable (e.g., act as massive "tumblers") and the Chinese personal banking system makes 1-1 transfers very easy.  
Obviously Chinese policy makers can't afford to undermine their dollar assets, but they more than likely want a multi-currency world and by creating this additional uncertainty in the FOREX market it encourages currency plurality.  That is to say if you're unsure about the USD, you will also hold Euro and RMB.  However, the RMB cannot replace USD now because of capital controls and if that is their goal, the road to adoption is extremely long as RMB settlements account for ~2% globally.   See this exchange from earlier this year: 
@_date: 2013-12-23 17:46:48
As of right now, it does not.  But the CEO part is not necessarily the linchpin as outlined by some specific bank policy.  The exchanges use the CEO's personal account due to liability issues, how bank transactions take place (personal versus corporate) and how corporate structures work in China (e.g., you do not ask the intern to use their personal account even though it is roughly the same as the one the CEO uses). The PBOC could restrict that directly if it chose too irrespective of whether or not you have a fapiao.
Which brings up another overlooked issue entirely, why is a fapiao necessary?  Basically if you want to move money from a corporate account to your personal account, you need to have an official (notarized) invoice for each transaction.  Even if you own the corporate account, in China you have to present this fapiao for each exchange.  You can imagine the logistical and paperwork burden that would place on say a bitcoin exchange that processes tens of thousands of transactions a day.  Here is an explanation of how a fapiao works: 
One of the speculations right now is that Bobby Lee and others believe that there will be a crackdown on personal accounts and that is the reason why they stopped doing it (you would have to ask them though). 
I personally would never allow my account to be used like that as it really puts you in a bad legal liability position if someone you sent/received money from ends up doing something illegal.  You could be held liable as accessory to whatever crime or even more directly, enabled money laundering to take place.