@_author: teknomanzer
@_date: 2019-06-28 08:20:13
FWIW I'll offer my not so professional analysis with the current indicators because I see quite a few people here who tried to jump onto a moving roller coaster and got hurt badly. There's still a good chance you can at least recover your losses...
Disclaimer: I am not a professional trader and I'm not offering financial advice. Trading in any market comes with risks so be sure to invest only with money you can afford to lose. 
A little background: I've been trading cypto since August 2018. I studied technical analysis about six months before I even thought about buying any crypto assets. I chose crypto because it had a really low barrier to entry. The fees were not bad for using small amounts of money to learn to use indicators with lines of support and resistance to make decent profitable trades. I've made many mistakes which cost me a little bit of money but I've been lucky to have a bull market start right as I was beginning to understand what I was doing and thus far my account has been growing.
Recently I took a break right before the latest major correction. I saw bitcoin rising quickly on Sunday, but my trading plan does not allow me to buy on a movement. So I looked for other opportunities and entered a brief trade in ETH and XRP. I made a nice 7% from both trades and then I took a break. So I missed the correction. Not bad for a novice.
So with that said I'll share what I see on my daily charts for bitcoin. 
My methods: I use MACD, Stochastic RSI and a 9 20 50 period exponential moving average to assist with assessing market conditions. I also use trend lines and zones of support and resistance I have drawn looking through different time frames.
My analysis: Bitcoin hit a high sell zone at about 13820 and suffered a strong rejection forcing the price down to 12079 which I had previously mapped out as a level of support. The price as of this post is riding along a line of support mapped out 11175. The candle looks to be a consolidation candle right now and the 15 minute chart shows the price testing that line of support. If the price pushes through there I expect it will continue to go down maybe far enough to test a line of support at 10279. The daily chart appears to confirm this on the MACD and Stochastic RSI. However there is a tendency for an asset that hits the 9 period EMA without touching the the 20 day EMA to reverse direction if this is the case I expect the price to test that 13820 zone again.
Conclusion: Today the price is consolidating at 11175 with a good possibility that the price will retest at 10279. If the price breaks upward between now and tomorrow it will likely test resistance at around 13820. If the price fails to break through there could be another and possibly larger pull back. 
The 9 20 50 EMA still shows the market to be in a strong uptrend and the price has a large amount of divergence from the 50 period EMA. This was not a very strong correction... yet. We should all be prepared for that to happen at some point during this bull run and set a stop to prevent losses even if you're holding longer term. I see quite a few people here who hadn't considered what they would do if the price drops and at what point the they should cut losses. The market isn't going anywhere and you can always re-enter under better market conditions.
Anyway I hope that wasn't too long or preachy at the end. I hate losing money and I share anyone's pain to go through that. So do your homework and have a plan.
Edit: added a few details and corrected some spelling errors..