@_author: tekterra
@_date: 2018-01-10 17:14:37
Miners still mine blocks and when LN payment channel close, they still require a fee and broadcast to BTC Netwrok for confirmation.  For each block mine, miners are rewarded 12.5 BTC don't forget that.  If BTC value increase as result of LN adoption, miners would actually make more money even with lower transactions fees if that makes sense.  Mining hash rate likely adjust as more people adopt LN.  However, LN allows large scale use of BTC transactions meaning BTC transactions will likely increase by a whole lot, that means the number of LN channels will open and close more frequently too which results in increased transaction blocks that needs to be mine still.  As others said LN is an independent layer on top of BTC chain.  Think of it this way, if BTC price were to reach 40k as result of LN adoption, do you think the reduce transaction fee would matter much to the miners?
@_date: 2019-04-24 20:10:52
Craig either proves it in court 100% wins, or he shoots himself in the foot and lose 100% in court.  Everyone else involved are just flipping a coin 50/50 that he may or may not be Satoshi with no facts to back it. Who are you going to place the bets on?
@_date: 2019-01-30 00:05:07
In reality none of the chains including BTC are entitle to the name Bitcoin.  Every chain has altered Bitcoin by a lot.  Literally no longer Bitcoin anymore.   If satoshi was around, he'd be furious what people have done to Bitcoin.  Look at LN, if you off load TX to side chains, Bitcoin is no longer the witness of the transactions, you lose immutable chain of digital signatures.  Bitcoin main chain becomes a simple record keeper that records whatever LN tells it to.  LN treats all TX as one simplified TX at channel close, Bitcoin no longer witness the details and validates all transactions are true and honest.  That is why segregated witness or Segwit, Bitcoin no longer witness.  One got to be joking to call that Bitcoin.  1MB block limit and forcing miners to live off diminishing coin reward?  You got to be kidding me, that's disastrous applying simple economics.  And Bitcoin cash? 
BCash wants to create anonymity, it wants to be free of the states.  Adding tons of new op codes, constant drastic changes, and warmhole?  It's a joke that no businesses will touch and spend the resources to build on BCH that's constantly experimenting.   
The real Bitcoin was as Satoshi intended set in stones at 0.1 release.  A stable unchanging protocol that allows developers to make real long lasting applications without fear of changes that screws them over.  A global ledger that can be scaled up.  You don't honestly believe such inventor never thought about how Bitcoin can scale?  To say Bitcoin can't scale is a complete joke too.  More like I won't let it scale because I want a digital gold that you HODL to the moon and pay expensive fees, and we're fine with that.  What a complete joke. 
Bitcoin has been seriously derailed if you all can't see that simple truth. You aren't protecting Bitcoin like you think you are.  You've just been sold a counterfeit of Bitcoin and still treasure it like it's Bitcoin.  
Don't worry though, time will fix everything.  Through time, everything becomes clear.  Where you put your money, beware.      
@_date: 2019-01-29 23:44:44
What you need to do is go back to the roots of Bitcoin and Satoshi the inventor and do a deep dive what Bitcoin was originally designed for and it's economic balance on mining, and coin reward.  What is the purpose of coin reward, and how miners incentives will evolve into a sustainable business.  You'll see what Bitcoin has been turned into.  It's basic economics yet majority of the people do not look at simple logic they only see moon and 1 Million dollar per Bitcoin.    I'l give you hint, a diminishing system something halves doesn't go well with sustainability.  It is your own money and your own future.  
@_date: 2018-04-08 21:58:21
Clif is not god, although he does imply half past human.  The idea of everything starts from a thought in our mind is not without basis.  When you are involved with something, you do think, say, or act in certain way.  Predictions can't be 100% spot on, but that doesn't mean that that big picture isn't there.  He predicted the big rise of Bitcoin early 2017.  Although his predictions of Q1 2018 isn't very accurate, it could be timing issue too since nobody can really say this will happen exactly at this day unless of course something was scheduled to happen and everybody already know about it ahead of time.  When charting the unknown, there are too many variables, government ban on Bitcoin, or accepting it legal, or wall street, ETFs, many other things that could influence Bitcoin price.  But, on thing I thought was that scaling issue had sort of dampen the adoption rate including the civil war within bitcoin community.  But, these issues can be solved, and as you know LN is live and many businesses are trying to adop LN the second lay solution to Bitcoin.  Even Ethereum is planing for sharding test net but no specific dates was set.  If Ethereum sharding test net were to be deployed in March with good results, imagine what would happen?  Or that more news around LN network infrastructure being built.  I personally thinks that timing is off, and when Ethereum goes public test on Sharding, it's going to be a game changer.  Clif's prediction is just late, wait and see what happens the rest of this year.
@_date: 2018-04-16 16:40:49
His predictions from early last year was great, BTC went above 10k and BitConnect crashed as he predicted except it happened a month later in January 2018 instead of early Dec 2017 like he predicted.  So he's predicting BTC will run in April 2018, I think he's again a bit off by a month and that BTC will run in May - June time frame instead due to the tax selling and many other factors contributing to the sell pressure Q1 2018.  But, his data is good, and that a lot of new products coming out, and more funds getting into Crytop.  So I expected a bull run May - June time frame.  Leading to a potential new high much earlier than last year.   