@_author: temporario123
@_date: 2016-08-29 03:06:09
The better idea is [Agorism]( that is, using the black and gray markets to bring value and liberty for the people. Bitcoin is today the most powerful agorist tool. Politics, especially democracy, are a sad waste of time. 
I'm gonna give you a practical example, here in Brazil tariffs are high as fucking North Korea, an Macbook Pro here will cost me 4000USD while in US is 1200USD.  What should I do that would be more economically efficient? Should I join a political party that, maybe, if they win, lower the tariffs a little bit in three years (they can't lower more than 5% since they still need to pay national debt) and then buy my computer or should I buy from a smuggler on the internet that is selling the Macbook Pro for 1500USD?
Voting is economically inefficient, a waste of time, it has a absurdly high opportunity cost. Instead of talking to our friends and family so they engage in voting, or supporting less worse candidates, let's incentivize and teach them to use black and grey markets and its tools, like btc. 
If a sizable part of the population do this, the state will crumble without tax revenues, and liberty will flourish.
@_date: 2016-08-29 17:12:26
Agorism is not only drugs, pointing to you grandma where she can buy raw milk in a state where is illegal is also counter-economics. Actually, my grandma is more probably agorist than me, she lives in a rural area here in Brazil, eats food raised by either her or neighbours, never paid taxes in her life.
There's no division between "economic liberty" and other forms of liberty, all human actions are economical. A piece of paper will not prevent the state to invade your property, it has never prevented, but a agorist private force similar to [this]( might.
Voting is not a powerful tool, that was my point, it's economically inefficient, you might gain 0.000005 cents of value by inputing you vote, but it will cost time and resources(like gas) that are more expensive than that. You'll waste less resources and will gain more by staying at your house and jerking of to porn than going out to the voting booth.
Now, Agorism is a profitable action for all involved. Creating and exchanging in the informal economy will generate high value products and services for people. 
At the same time, with agorism, you'll influence the state more than by voting, since the government tend to not enforce laws that are ignored by the people or don't have popular support, the cost of enforcing these laws is to high for them to keep doing for long.