@_author: tempo345er
@_date: 2019-06-14 23:05:05
I guess when a hospital bill for a coma patient of 6 years would be equivalent to currently 0,0027 usd they will at least cut your hair and shave your beard when they found out you invested a couple of bucks into crypto :)
@_date: 2019-05-07 15:01:30
I guess there are some addresses/accounts that are frozen or withheld by authorities due to scam or illegal activities, which makes some percentages from that unmoved bitcoins for 5 years. But also people who have been charged some jail time and maybe those accounts are not known by authorities and the owners are not able to get access to their accounts. Also hardcore hodlers who bought cheap and are just waiting for the high praised price predictions to be true in the future.
There are quite some possibilities just to mention just some options.
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:34:33
It depends on his story he will share with us why he invented BTC and what his intention was.
I am not quite sure if the market is ready for a revelation now or the near future. But maybe it is. 
It could better now than when the price is much higher. The dump will be stronger then.
If the mainstream rush will come they maybe want that mystical figure still not to be known. They want and need that urge of not knowing to have something special going on for them.
I guess when the demand and implementation of blockchain is stronger than now, the revelation of SN will not have a bad impact on the price.
If the mainstream money is coming in and the price will be rising more and more, there might be that moment where they stop caring about the real identity, but only their profit.
Atm there are a lot of hodlers and people who are really into Crypto ( the idea and story), who care much more about the identity, what can be a dangerous thing when they just don‘t like the person behind SN/ Blockchain and make it a personal decision to stay or leave the whole game...
@_date: 2019-05-12 01:09:24
I like the way you are thinking.
I am very curious what will happen when the revelation of SN will take place and it is correct.
Guess it depends on the person that will be the real alias of SN abd how the people feel and think about that person