@_author: tenka3
@_date: 2019-07-18 11:15:48
Articulate, informative and wise. I hope more advocates come forward and make equally insightful statements.
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:06:38
The lower hashrate, businesses and minority of users isn’t valid until we look over a longer horizon. That’s similar to equity and the nature of value in general “In the short run, the market is a voting machine. In the long run, it’s a weighing machine” to quote Buffet.
The difficulty adjustment algorithm and SegWit format change are actually quite different in their nature. One constitutes an actual change in the protocol (chain of signatures) the other doesn’t (incentive mechanism).  Again, that doesn’t constitute fraud.
@_date: 2017-11-14 11:59:41
I think you have every right to want a Tesla or a Ferrari or a massive Tank if you want. That’s actually kind of the point is that Bitcoin was in some sense left without a lot of direction and it’s fate in the hands of *market selection*. You are not wrong in anyway for wanting that, you are playing a vital role as part of the market. The issue is with the “fraud” allegations floating around. There just simply isn’t a case for it... Bitcoin Cash [BCH] really is just sticking pretty much to what the original paper cited, simple and architecturally unchanged. Glamorous or not it is what it is...
The mistake is when we start saying these divergent outcomes are “fraud” when in hindsight all we will know is which provided the greatest utility and what the market selected... others may go the way of the Delorean.
There is no “main chain” just a genesis block and an inflection point (whitepaper) defining a rather elegant and simple protocol. the fact that both a Tesla and a Ford can exist in the world at the same time is actually exactly the point. They share a common origin but vastly different visions / philosophy.
@_date: 2017-11-14 09:48:02
I suppose, but... I’m sure Roger Ver couldn’t have predicted this situation when the domain was acquired. The problem is really compounded because of taxonomy issues. It’s like arguing “Who’s the real ape!?” Gorilla or Chimpanzee! We can’t really blame the Gorilla enthusiast who bought apes.com when we discovered the first ape. You know what I mean?
This really boils down to the fact that there was no real defined “Bitcoin” in the sense of what it is. From the beginning it was essentially developed with the intent of being forked and that the various forked chains would “duke it out” until some version of Bitcoin would prove to have massive utility and and the natural forces of the markets would determine what Bitcoin is.
Edit: Corrected “monkey” &gt; “ape”
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:17:23
Actually Bitcoin [Cash] have a HUGE benefit/advantage over other chains... Namely that, Bitcoin / Bitcoin Cash share the same genesis block and the sheer amount of PoW done as well as real world investments made exclusively into the bitcoin infrastructure is astounding. This fact alone separates Bitcoin [Cash] from the any of the alternatives regardless of other platforms technical merit.
As far as fraudulent... not a chance. Seriously, just read the whitepaper... “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System”. A lot of people claim to have read the paper but either they have not or failed to comprehend its content. Objectively, I find it difficult to believe that anyone, after reading the whitepaper, would be convinced that Bitcoin Cash is NOT the closest to resemble the original vision of Bitcoin described in the white paper. Arguing whether Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash is fraudulent isn’t even the right conversation. The two simply have a different philosophies and development trajectories on how to create the greatest utility. The one that resembles the Bitcoin the most from its inception is Bitcoin Cash... period.
@_date: 2017-11-14 09:03:59
You are mixing arguments. There was no claim made here that technologies don’t evolve. The question posed is whether staying relatively unchanged is a *fraud*? I’m not seeing it.
If we are talking about the degree of differentiation between the initial reference point “Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System” and the two major forked chains BCT and BCH, can ANYONE make a substantial argument that Bitcoin Cash [BCH] made MORE changes to the original Bitcoin protocol than Bitcoin [BTC]? Also why would less differentiation constitute “fraud”? I think that was exactly the intent of the fork... to retain an unaltered history of the original protocol aka pre-SegWit.  Whether that is ideal or not is a matter of debate, but let’s not spread incorrect information here. The deviation of Bitcoin [BTC] from the Bitcoin protocol at inception is by far more significant than Bitcoin Cash [BCH]. Unless someone can objectively make a case otherwise... it is what it is. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 01:16:51
Then you don’t understand the nature Bitcoin at all... have you ever looked at an evolutionary tree or investigated the “family tree” and evolution of Linux? Is there any real “main Linux”? Is Ubuntu the “main chain” any more than “Red Hat” or *heck* Android? Like I mentioned... the problem with Bitcoin is a taxonomy and perception issue... if we look solely at the code, the “DNA” (for the sake of analogy), the more variant one is BTC... by far. There is very little room for argument on this.
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:43:39
How? Do you know that all the paper talks about regarding difficulty is the following:
“To compensate for increasing hardware speed and varying interest in running nodes over time, the proof-of-work difficulty is determined by a moving average targeting an average number of blocks per hour. If they're generated too fast, the difficulty increases.”
@_date: 2017-11-14 12:00:09
OK apes. My bad, I just hope the analogy made sense.
@_date: 2017-11-15 02:43:49
I don’t think *they* will be “fooled” at all. That’s the realm of relationships.  There is no need to be the watchdog of “Bitcoin” it’s an open source, free to fork, brilliant protocol by a benevolent creator.
This isn’t meant to be a hostile conversation. As with Linus Torvalds brainchild the Linux kernel... if you like Ubuntu Linux? Great, a LOT of people love it. You like CentOS Linux? Fantastic, maybe you’re a minimalist. Old School Red Hat Linux? Stick to what’s familiar. If the version of Linux (or Bitcoin) can’t deliver the utility and muster up a passionate community (critical mass) it will probably end up extinct anyway... no help needed.  Best to just eliminate the “fraudulent” or “fooled” terminology because it simply is not the case. Code, much like DNA, will operate on merit and utility eventually.
The better question might be if [BTC] and [BCH] are not dying and there are a large subset of people who are passionate about them... Why? And do they have a valid case? Personally, I think they may. Have you considered that the problem set is not mutually exclusive.
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:22:16
Then your point isn’t valid here... the reply was to the comment that BCH is “fraudulent”, not about whether it’s an advantage or not to stay closer to the original protocol. I certainly don’t know whether it’s better or not... no one does.
The problem here is the lack of clear information for people to weigh into the conversation. Noise... Merely stating that BCH is a “fraud” is, for all practical purposes... incorrect. Bitcoin Cash [BCH] is a much closer representation of the original Bitcoin protocol... period. There were no fundamental changes made to the protocol. Discussions about difficulty algorithm, total PoW, mining incentives, price movements and the inflation rates are a relevant but different matter entirely. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 08:44:56
I don’t think it’s beside the point at all.  Apparently... people like Sir Timothy John Berners-Lee, and the contribution to the WWW irrelevant as well? So that protocol we use everyday as HTTP is a fraud? Please tell me why it is a fraud? The Bitcoin whitepaper wasn’t *just* a conceptualization there was a functional [working] representation of the concept which manifested in Bitcoin protocol / blockchain. That was the point being made... It doesn’t make any sense to call Bitcoin [Cash] fraudulent when it very much adheres to what the original protocol set out to be at its inception.
Can it be improved? Sure. Can it evolve to be more relevant to the times? Absolutely. Fraud? I doubt it.
The whitepaper is not an argument it’s a reference point in this situation. To claim Bitcoin [Cash] is a fraud is incorrect. It’s akin to claiming HTTP is a fraud because we now have HTTPS. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 09:24:05
The viewpoint you present lacks the holistic thought necessary to make a reasonable judgement. There are plenty of legacy systems and modern that overlap for good reason and work very well. Take GPS and the legacy address mailing system. Should we completely eliminate the legacy mailing system because we have GPS? Consider for a moment why we still use it...
@_date: 2017-11-14 10:36:55
There is no “main chain”... Bitcoin from its inception was was a protocol intended to be forked as necessary. You can go and fork it right now. Please understand that you are working from a flawed premise.
@_date: 2018-02-07 14:11:21
Those who complain about confusion have either:
1) Not read the *actual* bitcoin white paper (yes... the Satoshi Nakamoto one). Go read it.
2) Don’t comprehend it.
Anyone who has done their due diligence on the codebase wouldn’t keep going back and forth on this issue. The argument that Bitcoin Cash somehow sabotaged bitcoin is absurd if you understand what bitcoin is. Both projects are completely legitimate. End of story. 
From a technical point of view Bitcoin [Core] has altered the fundamental nature of the protocol far more than Bitcoin [Cash]. In hindsight, if one can maintain an unbiased POV we will see which project truly yields the greatest utility.