@_author: tenmillionmexicans
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:52:21


Does a Venezuelan *care* about "DApps"? Seriously! Does an Argentine? JFC it's OBVIOUS that Bitcoin 2.0 is extremely overvalued. For billions of people, they just need a *currency*. There is NO free currency on this planet but Bitcoin, do you understand that?!
And sorry for your loss seeing as you clearly were duped into investing in the Ether presale. Take your unqualified ramblings over to @_date: 2015-08-02 19:31:23


Predictable that you, as a former online marketing shill for scam mining company HashFast, would attempt to frame the conversation in your favor. *You aren't qualified* to debate guys like Greg Maxwell, Pieter Wuille, Mark Friedenbach, Jorge Timon, or Wlad on technical aspects of Bitcoin, when Bitcoin itself is literally computer code. Hence you make reach appeals to non-technical masses based on your also lackluster understanding of Austrian economic theory. Guess what? Bitcoin is still computer code, and you're still unqualified to debate the experts.
@_date: 2015-08-02 19:11:46
I see two ways of valuing bitcoin:
1. Bitcoin is the world's most secure and highly available database for stuffing arbitrary data, aka the "Data Dumpster Model".
2. Bitcoin is the world's ONLY truly free currency for all of mankind
Yes, we all know you have to increase the block size so that everyone can have money in cold storage.
No, we don't all agree that Bitcoin is best valued as a data dumpster. "Bitcoin 2.0" is extremely overrated.
Yes, it sucks that it only does 3 tps on the chain as of 2015, but imagine it's 1915. THERE IS PLENTY OF TIME to make Bitcoin scale as a decentralized, and truly free currency for humanity. Until then, workarounds like Lightning Network will be more than ok for 99% of people the majority of whom have zero savings. Those people will not have any need for cold storage, and because they have literally nothing to save, they can be fine on [perpetual payment channels]( as described by LN author &gt; This is better than the OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY construction as it allows for you to keep the channel perpetually open (potentially for many years), but in the event the counterparty decides to be non-cooperative, you can get your money back after some agreed time (e.g. one week).
The reason the blocksize agenda is so biased towards bloating the chain infinitely is twofold:
1. People by and large don't understand payment channels can act as a poor man's cold storage, in perpetuity with total trustlessness and privacy
2. The amount of people invested in Counterparty and other Bitcoin 2.0 projects is astronomical. These people lose money if their Data Dumpster becomes too expensive to actually use. These people just need to admit that they made a poor investment, the Bitcoin network should not revolve around their need to make money.
Finally, no fiat currency has EVER lasted throughout history. They always fail. Bitcoin is BOUND to succeed for this reason alone, just give it time. Please do not kill Bitcoin as the world's only free currency just because you believe or are invested in Bitcoin as a Data Dumpster. That behavior is abhorrent and beyond reprehensible.
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:03:53
LN payment channels can be [perpetual]( as described by LN author &gt; This is better than the OP_CHECKLOCKTIMEVERIFY construction as it allows for you to keep the channel perpetually open (potentially for many years), but in the event the counterparty decides to be non-cooperative, you can get your money back after some agreed time (e.g. one week).
Just give it time to develop into a working UI.
@_date: 2015-08-02 20:34:09
Are you familiar with BitMessage? It's the only email network in the world where you can check your email and send mail without revealing to the NSA that you are indeed checking or sending email. Full nodes are to date the ONLY way to achieve similar levels of privacy for Bitcoin.
The reality is, making full nodes too expensive for Average Joe dooms Average Joe to being the NSA's bitch. By advocating full nodes only in datacenters, you are handing Bitcoin over to the NSA.