@_author: tens10
@_date: 2015-03-01 23:46:41
Firstly, BIP39 as it appears now doesn't remotely resemble the BIP39 as it appeared in the beginning of the "standards" process. The standard had zero consensus and it changed drastically over time because no one could come to any agreement about it. The only consensus is that deterministic wallets are the way forward.
Electrum was the original deterministic wallet upon which BIP39 was inspired. When the *very inspiration* for BIP39 rejects it outright, you should probably think about questioning its validity.






@_date: 2015-02-22 17:54:33
ALL forms of SPV, be it Electrum or something BitcoinJ based, offer vastly reduced privacy compared to Bitcoin-QT and Armory. When you don't use a full node, and you don't use Tor, your privacy is destroyed period.


Your Bitcoin address history has to come from somewhere. Bitcoin doesn't have any magical P2P network that you can just blindly reach into without being tracked or logged. Doesn't exist.
Information can be retrieved from a node which you have no trust in, **over an unencrypted connection**; or it can come from a known node which, because it is known, you can connect to over SSL. In both cases, the node you connect to can be keeping logs. But without SSL, any passive observer could link your addresses to your IP, not just the unknown peer, but *anyone*.
Bloom filtering "pseudo-serverless" SPV has big downsides, the first being a lack of SSL support. When you connect to an unknown server to retrieve your address data, you're doing that in the clear, unencrypted. ANYONE listening in on that connection has the chance to deanonymize you.
When you use MultiBit, Schildbach's Android Wallet, Bread Wallet or other bloom filtering SPV wallets, your one and only form of privacy is false positives. Your wallet requests more data than it needs in order to confuse snooping peers. The effectiveness of this bloom filtering approach is very debateable. Plus, even if you were to think false positives based privacy model is workable, you can create the same false positive rate with Electrum, by simply adding fake watch-only addresses to your wallet.
Bottom line, no matter what your wallet is, if it's not a full node, you need Tor to stay anonymous. To this end, Electrum has been added to [Tails]( and you should have no problem remaining as anonymous as you want with Tails + Electrum. Electrum has had fantastic Tor support for years, so you don't need to use Tails, but that's unquestionably the most foolproof option for an anonymous ephemeral Bitcoin wallet. Don't believe the hype about pseudo-serverless bloom filtering SPV. It is based on widespread misconceptions in the Bitcoin community.
@_date: 2015-02-22 17:58:17
Don't. Increase your Electrum wallet's gap limit to something high like 500, and generate all your addresses offline. Export your keys offline from Electrum and import them into a Bitcoin-QT full node.
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:06:30
Here in your post


you infer client-server SPV wallets destroy your privacy. Your unstated and erroneous premise is that bloom filtering SPV wallets *don't* destroy your privacy. This is not true. Bloom filtering SPV and client-server SPV by default offer noticeably reduced privacy compared to Bitcoin-QT and Armory. Adding or subtracting a server doesn't meaningfully change the outcome, and I would posit Electrum on Tails is a far more foolproof wallet for privacy and security conscious individuals.


For the last time, you are incorrectly using the term "SPV". That isn't what SPV is. No, using a *bloom filtering SPV wallet* makes you independent of a server, with the caveat that bloom filtering SPV can't offer the diverse array of privacy tweaks the client-server architecture can, neither can bloom filtering SPV offer proof of completeness without vastly increased resource requirements which can never realistically be implemented except in a client-server SPV architecture.






@_date: 2015-02-13 18:27:55
I'll spare you my morning rant, and instead gently remind you that [you can run your own Electrum server]( You can even run your Electrum server as a Tor hidden service, which we need far more of.
@_date: 2015-02-13 22:43:36


You can assimilate the privacy and security properties of bloom filtering SPV wallets in client-server SPV wallets, but the opposite doesn't hold. How will you add proof of completeness to BitcoinJ without introducing a server? How will you add SSL authentication or limit the number of peers able to sniff the data of bloom filtering clients?
@_date: 2015-02-13 19:13:26
It's only when you *can't* run a full node that the distinction between client-server SPV and bloom filtering SPV becomes relevant.


Yes, and for individuals like you who are worried enough about their privacy to avoid wallets "because servers", Electrum over Tor on Tails is a very compelling option.
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:11:30
Quoting [Satoshi](


That's how Bitcoin scales. I know, I know - you probably can't run a full node on your Macbook then. Sorry.
@_date: 2015-02-22 17:59:32
They should Tails + Electrum.
@_date: 2015-02-22 19:54:06
All SPV wallet communications are tracked and logged. Without a full node, and without Tor, your privacy is fucked. No, there's no way to get around it! Your data has to come from someone running a Bitcoin node somewhere. Who is that person? Do you know? With MultiBit and other pseudo-serverless Bloom filtering SPV wallets, YOU DON'T. You have no idea who you're connecting to, or who could be listening in. Privacy = rekt!
Making matters worse for MultiBit, if you don't coordinate with someone to retrieve your data, as in MultiBit and other pseudo-serverless Bloom filtering SPV implementations, you can't possibly encrypt your communications to that other person. Traditionally, this has been solved with X.509 certs which you need to obtain in advance to have any semblance of a workable wallet. Otherwise you can only retrieve data over plain text, which is horridly awful for privacy. With MultiBit, you're literally stuck broadcasting your IP and your complete list of Bitcoin addresses OVER PLAIN TEXT. How could that *possibly* be any more private than making an SSL encrypted connection to a known entity from behind Tor?
And what is so centralized about a federated network of Electrum servers? If you're so concerned about the server learning your addresses, you can do any of the following:
- Add fake watch-only addresses to your Electrum wallet. With that, you now have the same false positive based privacy model as MultiBit.
- Run Bitcoin-QT. You can import your Electrum addresses offline into a Bitcoin-QT full node without ever connecting to a server.
- Run Tails + Electrum. Easiest choice and provides very strong anonymity.
- Run your own Electrum server. Hardest choice but offers a similar privacy model to Bitcoin-QT, since it uses Bitcoin-Core in the background.
@_date: 2015-02-20 06:21:12


I don't get how this prevents a global passive adversary from grouping your addresses together? With or without subspace, from a bird's eye view, it would still look as if unrelated `alice` with PRISM-grouped addresses `{1..10}` is sending `bob` with PRISM-grouped addresses `{100..110}` `X` BTC. As usual the only way to obfuscate ownership over addresses is to use Tor, among other workarounds a situation which subspace doesn't appear to rectify except by potentially enabling CoinJoin.


Not without taking over my private keys you couldn't.
@_date: 2015-02-20 08:49:02


Yes, but your wallet gets around communicating with the servers one time only. After your mate broadcasts the transaction, your wallet is going to receive the data proving you spent the coins. How is subspace any better than running Tor here?


OK, but how is that any different from what Thomas V suggested doing? You're basically sending an invoice over something that isn't SMTP? SMTP is rock solid, ubiquitously deployed and composes well with Tor/PGP whereas subspace is experimental and has competition from all kinds of P2P and anonymizing networks. Boatloads of them.
@_date: 2015-02-13 18:09:41


tl;dr Redditors who think any bloom filtering SPV wallet is more private than client-server SPV wallets have a false sense of security. If you're hesitant to use Electrum "because servers", your concerns are misplaced. It's a faulty objection to have considering you get the same privacy destroying result from using bloom filtering SPV wallets.
In addition, the privacy options you have with a client-server SPV architecture like Electrum's far outnumber that which you're limited to with bloom filtering SPV. For example, instead of automatically polling one single server for all of your address balances, there could be a more paranoid connection setting where no balances in your Electrum wallet are ever updated until you right-click an address and click "update balance". Better still, right-click and select "update balance from server", and then you can update the balance of one address from one server of your choosing.
Take this together with running Electrum over Tor on [Tails]( and your addresses would never be grouped together, to your IP, or otherwise. With Electrum on Tails, you can be running a completely ephemeral anonymous wallet with a very high degree of privacy and security. The only way to get better privacy is by running Bitcoin-QT or Armory, but that isn't possible to do without downloading the full blockchain.
And please understand, "privacy" in bloom filtering SPV wallets comes down to false positives: you request more address balance data than you need for yourself. Here's the kicker, you can easily add fake watch-only addresses to your Electrum wallet in order to create false positives of your own, effectively assimilating the privacy model of bloom filtering SPV wallets.
Overall, Electrum's approach is far more flexible, it can even do the same false positive based privacy model of bloom filtering if you want that, while offering far better options in the future. You can achieve the same or better privacy protections with Electrum than with bloom filtering approaches. The *only* advantage of bloom filtering is that there is less work to be done resource wise, since the project maintainers don't have to worry about coding the server, and clearly servers cost time and money to operate. For end users, client-server SPV is the best option in the short and long run.
@_date: 2015-02-12 22:47:07
Jeff Garzik has been pushing for off-chain transactions as a means to "scale" Bitcoin for as far back as I can remember. I doubt if he or anyone else promoting off-chain transactions for "scale" appreciates how governments and regulators will stifle off-chain innovation in every single plausible scenario in which Bitcoin sees mainstream adoption. Do these people expect the government to just fade away without making any noise? Do they understand that Bitcoin with $10,000 transfer limits and KYC is substantially different from BTC onchain payments?


Again, this is just rationalizing the same off-chain transaction takeover agenda. When you foolishly assume government and regulators won't fuck everything up, this actually makes sense. So who's denying reality here?


And how do you propose accomplishing this?
@_date: 2015-02-22 22:24:29
You need to run Bitcoin-QT or Armory if you want maximum privacy. If you don't run a full node, and don't use Tor, your privacy gets destroyed. There's no getting around it, and I'm vexxed by this widespread misconception that it's possible to "reach into" the Bitcoin P2P network without having your requests logged or tracked. There is no such thing. Bitcoin address data can't just *magically* appear out of the ether. You have to retrieve from somewhere! Doesn't matter if you're using bloom filtering SPV or client-server SPV. You ask for data, you get it back, this destroys your privacy no getting around it.


Bloom filtering SPV wallets don't even use SSL to secure the communications, and instead broadcast all of the wallet's Bitcoin addresses to passive eavesdroppers the world over. I have a very hard time believing that the "plausible deniability" benefits of bloom filtering outweigh the costs of having zero privacy in network communications. That does *not* make sense.
With SSL, the eavesdropper can only be the SSL authenticated node through which you are communicating, which limits your privacy risk to just that authenticated node. But without SSL, you're stuck broadcasting all of your Bitcoin address data over *plain text*. How is that possibly *more* private than SSL authenticated client-server SPV connections. And if you want plausible deniability, you should be running Tor all the time. Bloom filtering or no, makes no difference. Easiest way to do that is running Tails which as of very recently, bundles Electrum by default.
Finally, you can always generate your own false positives in Electrum by adding fake watch-only addresses to your wallet, effectively assimilating the privacy model of bloom filtering SPV wallets without the downside of broadcasting your communications over plain text to the entire world due to a lack of SSL support.
@_date: 2015-02-22 18:01:16
Judicious use of Tor, and switching wallets constantly. Tails + Electrum + limiting address *and* wallet reuse is the most foolproof solution.