@_author: terapix
@_date: 2018-01-24 10:39:53
I think that many are frustrated that they have not been there from the beginning. There are just a few people who had the right nose and invested and/or mined early. The risk now pays off. Others have just missed that and are now trying to find the altcoin, which will increase by 1000% or even 10000% next. It's just not that easy.
I could also bite my ass that I did not invest earlier. I first heard about Bitcoin in 2011 but did not buy one. Well, about 7 years later, I'm far from having even a single bitcoin.
But that's my fault. I do not hate Bitcoin for that. I think that for years it has been the best that has been developed in the area of internet and technology. It's way beyond web 2.0 or social networks or even smartphones, I think. It is a revolution.
And that is just the beginning.
@_date: 2018-01-10 12:20:44
Hey my friend,
I have experienced almost the same. However, I heard about Bitcoin for the first time in 2010, read some information and did not invest anyway. This was mainly because I wondered what to do with Bitcoin?
At that time there were hardly any services, shops or websites that have accepted Bitcoins. As I went deeper into the research, I stamped the Bitcoin as a kind of currency for the Darknet. The Bitcoin fell into oblivion from that moment on.
About 7 years later, I saw the Bitcoin course again and got a little annoyed. However, I wondered why I should have invested then? Why should I have stuck 10, 50 or 100 dollars in something that I could not (yet) use in 2010?
In addition, the price fell almost steadily from the end of 2013 to the end of 2015. Would you have kept your bitcoins at this time even though the price is falling steadily?
I also sometimes want a time machine, but you have to take things as they are. So, head up and look ahead. The Bitcoin is currently still cheap to get and has still not reached the mainstream, as the media report only from any bubbles and crashes.
Invest what you can lose in the worst case and look forward to being there. Always ask yourself: Would I really have bought then? And if so, would I still have kept the coins over two years of falling prices to this day?
I probably would not have done it. The people who did that are, in my view, true crypto-heroes! I certainly would not have been. But now I'm here. Unfortunately, only since mid-2017, but I'm very excited about the technology and am happy every day that I may witness. So: go on! Be a hero, too! There will be a lot more. Compared to the mainstream you are still an early adopter!
PS.: Sorry about my english. I am from germany.
@_date: 2018-01-11 10:07:31
We only think that it would be popular because we read about it every day. But in the world out there, almost nobody knows what Bitcoins are. Go out on the street and ask people how many bitcoins they have. They wont reply with a number, but with the question: "What are bitcoins?".
@_date: 2017-12-21 07:19:53
Of course, if it does not concern you and you can benefit from it, then it is completely legal. But what if that happened to Bitcoin? Would it still be legal? How do you see that, Roger Ver?