@_author: teronas
@_date: 2018-04-06 04:44:49
Not saying QE is great, just that its effect has been better than anticipated. Sure you can throw around big debt numbers, but these are meaningless without some logical arguments. What are you trying to prove exactly?
I am not telling you textbook knowledge, I am trying to elucidate your arguments about bitcoin being a solution for real financial problems, and so far you have not convinced me. Maybe take a step back with your personal attacks, go to bed and think a bit about how bitcoin or cryptocurrencies can actually help here. I am willing to engage in a real discussion but it is a waste of time if you do not have a properly constructed arguments to support your "out of the box" thinking. 
So far, if I want to store value and create some growth outside of banks, I can just invest in bonds.
So indeed, a work in progress it is.
@_date: 2018-04-06 02:43:42
Banks loaning money around is the fundamental idea behind finance.
By pooling everyone's money, banks allow patient people to safeguard their funds for future use while simultaneously funding projects for people that need it now. If you sit with 2 million worth of bitcoin idle in your wallet, the economy suffers a large opportunity cost. If literally everyone was doing that, the economy would probably shut down in a day.
@_date: 2018-04-06 03:11:03
That's true. Capital and liquidity requirements are more useful imo. Reserve requirements may help against bank runs but there's already deposit insurance for that, and financial crisis usually arises on the asset side of things, rendering reserve requirements practically useless. In all cases though, banks found ways to move everything away from balance sheets, so I'm not even sure regulation has any impact nowadays..
@_date: 2018-04-06 05:01:19
So in short, you are refusing to read logically constructed arguments by academics (not the federal reserve itself), but are asking me to digest sensationally written news headlines? Are you kidding me?
Again, if everyone invests in an asset class outside the banking system, we are back to the initial problem I raised, of an economy with no funding thus no potential for growth. 
I am not endorsing infinite growth, that is a ridiculous idea, but you think holding cryptocurrencies can solve the worldwide national debt problem? I am flabbergasted honestly. 
By the way, if you paid a bit more attention, you would have seen:
 "NOTE: Staff working papers in the Finance and Economics Discussion Series (FEDS) are preliminary materials circulated to stimulate discussion and critical comment. The analysis and conclusions set forth are those of the authors and do not indicate
concurrence by other members of the research staff or the Board of Governors. " 
@_date: 2018-04-06 03:45:05
Sure you make valid points, and bank runs are obviously a serious issue. On that note, you should read Diamond and Dwybvig. Regardless, Bitcoin is not a good solution for this as it is equivalent to sticking money under a mattress (with the added risk/reward of its price fluctuation). On that note, if you are willing to use bitcoin to hold all your savings, you'd have to extremely risk loving or borderline insane.
There are thousands of people in the academics and governments that are trying to solve this issue while keeping the benefits that banks give to society.
Lastly, that is not what bitcoin is intended for. Bitcoin (and well blockchain) is intended in essence to replace transaction intermediaries (not banks) such as visa or western union. Technically, bitcoin was initially a solution for the double-spending problem in a decentralized framework, and what people make of it nowadays is kind of ridiculous in my opinion.
@_date: 2018-04-06 04:11:18
All of this has nothing to do with herding... Why you mention this is a bit obscure. When I say people are trying to solve this issue, I refer to the banking issues you raised, not trading behaviors (sure I did a research on that, but it's not the topic here).
Cryptocurrencies have been historically deflationary but their volatility is way too high for them to be a proper store of value. 
Of course, what I said does nothing to alleviate the financial issues you raised. I will obviously not sit here and pretend I have a solution for financial crashes. I simply mention there are lots of effort being put on this and that bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies are NOT a solution candidate for the stability of the financial system.
By the way, a general consensus that came out of the 2008 crisis is that all things considered, the economy is still better off than if finance did not exist, and QE worked surprisingly well for rebalancing the US economy post-recession. The real issue here is financial institutions being too big to fail and bail-outs creating serious moral hazards.
Here are some legitimate attempts(mostly academics) to tackle these issues:
