@_author: terrestrialhost
@_date: 2013-10-05 22:47:20
Why not instead of random games, you have specific teams willing to participate in your "conference". Basically, reach out to the LoL/DotA2 communities, and offer an opportunity for teams to voluntarily participate in your "conference". If you have enough teams sign up, you can basically arrange your own brackets or other method of elimination. Then people can bet on pre-specified teams that they can follow.
Thus, you have personal knowledge of all the players participating in any given game, and can exercise a larger amount of control to avoid them throwing the game, or other types of fraud.
You can even come up with a profit sharing arrangement, where teams who win will be awarded a certain percentage (5%?) of the profits from any given game.
@_date: 2013-04-27 08:05:41
The founder resigned, and it seems like it was related to a lack of independence from Amazon. 
No subsidiary of a large retailer can remain entirely independent.
I do not think Amazon would be willing to gamble with accepting bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-10-05 00:00:54
In regard to your conclusion about Bitcoin hoarding, I agree with you that it's not a serious concern. However, your assumptions in this argument are a little narrow.
You assume that Bitcoin "hoarders" need to spend their Bitcoins to stimulate the economy. That's simply not true. People who own a large amount of any currency normally do not just hold it. The same applies to Bitcoin. Yes, there are capital gains that can be extracted from a non-fiat currency like Bitcoin. However, much larger capital gains can be attained by investing those Bitcoins, as with any currency. Financial advisers wouldn't recommend they simply spend it; they would recommend that they invest it into a project that generates even higher yields. If a currency is steadily gaining in value, then the investment opportunities available in that economy will invariably yield even higher returns. The fact that such people even hold large amounts of bitcoins generally allows us to assume that they are acutely aware of the necessity of infrastructures to support their wealth's intrinsic value.
Once those bitcoins are invested, they are no longer stagnating. They are being applied to existing bitcoin projects, to companies, to capital funds, to loans, and wherever else investment opportunities exist. These bitcoins reach the wallets of companies, organizations, and individuals. Thus, they continue to be a part of the Bitcoin economy.
The only hitch is that many of the individuals who accumulated large amounts of bitcoins in the initial growing economy are not always financially savvy. They were just lucky enough to stumble upon an obscure cryptocurrency in its fledgling form, and had the technically know-how and time to accumulate them. Such people may more averse to risk than most investors, and may be holding their bitcoins simply because they don't feel comfortable with active investment. However, this is temporary. Individuals holding large sums of money must invariably either manage it themselves or hire a wealth management service (plug:  Either way, they will have to spend it or invest it eventually. You can't bury it with you.
The types of people who would normally hold bitcoins purely as an investment are those saving for personal retirement. People will eventually retire, and those savings will reenter the market as they spend them.
The concern is that people who invest passively in bitcoins will not stimulate the Bitcoin economy, because they will exchange bitcoins directly into fiat currency in order to recognize their gains. Though this may be true for some, I don't think this applies to most people holding bitcoins. Also, bitcoins sold on the exchange are passed to another individual, and that other individual may use them for something more utilitarian. If they don't, the cycle repeats. But there are sufficient people transacting operationally in the Bitcoin economy to allow for that sort of thing up to a certain point.
@_date: 2013-10-05 02:26:54
+10mBTC verify
@_date: 2013-10-11 00:04:12
If they don't want to work with us, then that's reality. We're not an important enough user base for them anymore.  Well, that also means that they're not an useful service for me.  I have no interest in a glorified PayPal clone, and am deactivating my account as well.
@_date: 2013-10-05 22:37:43
Does it have to be randomly picked? Although betting on randomly picked games may be a desirable option, I think you would gain a lot more traction with allowing people to bet on specific teams in tournaments; or on ongoing games that can be spectated, with bets due within the first 5 minutes (or whatever).
Edit: I did note the issue  mentioned, in regards to throwing the game. If there can be some sort of system of controls devised to avoid this to a reasonable degree, I think this product would be more valuable than betting on random games. Betting on random games increases the risk for people betting. Consumers who bet on sports or fights generally do research on the teams/individuals they are betting on. Betting on random teams would make the risk very outsized for the standard consumer who would be willing to bet on a competitive event.
@_date: 2013-10-05 00:10:26
He's just not entirely aware of how the practices of wealth management and investment work, and how it's not essential to directly spend money to stimulate an economy. I don't think he was intending to push something on you. The responsibilities he speaks of apply to all people in the system, not just the rich. Those responsibilities include recognizing and increasing the benefits of any currency you hold, while not violating the rights of others.
@_date: 2013-10-05 22:52:36
Lulz. Seconded.
+_niko 5 mBTC verify