@_author: tesserack
@_date: 2013-05-01 20:44:34
You sound like an anarcho-capitalist, I haven't met one out in the wild before.
@_date: 2013-05-02 04:37:50
...I voted for Obama though. I might still be a prick I concede.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:49:58
Well that explains it haha, thanks.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:50:57
Ah I see, thank you, do you think it'd be better for bitcoinity to remove Gox from the selection tab until they're back online?
@_date: 2013-05-02 05:02:32
I like "just a college kid," because of how demeaning you make it, cute. 
Anarchy *is*  terrible. Do you want to live in the middle of civil-war-torn African countries?  I'll guess no.
   
 But why do I need to fuck off, the harshness of this bothers me. If he isn't an anarcho-capitalist, I'd like to know exactly why not. This should be an invitation (a challenge even, as my crass language suggests) to discussing the difference between what I associate with that buzz-word and what values he actually stands for. 
He doesn't need you jumping in on his behalf, and frankly I don't appreciate it. 
Now onto to you specifically. I *am* new to economics, which is why I'm using buzzwords so that people can fill my understanding of the concepts. if I use something incorrectly, someone (like yourself) is going to call me out on it and I'll learn something. Mind telling me how is vulgarity is not suggestive of his anger toward means of economic control? **It what sense is having a completely free market a good idea?** I'm honestly curious, because a system with no regs is exploitable, plain and simple.
Bitcoin *is* different in that it is completely decentralized, which as I understand and believe is ultimately necessary for a "true" free market. As Bitcoin develops we will learn whether or not regulation is necessary at some or any level, in addition to its decentralized nature.
At the end of the day, there is literally nothing to stop the gov't from regulating cryptocurrencies if it had the true mind to. What they come up with, whether it's good for the currency and the people that wish to use it, time will tell.
My greatest problem with any of the bitcoin movement is how it's being touted as the "answer to gov't interference and greedy bankers." I think that's naive given our current economic climate, that the people already "at the top" don't have the resources neccesary to warp Bitcoin in any way to their advantage. Again, I'm not an economist, so I have literally no idea what exploits are possible. But like I alluded to earlier, I'm going to hedge my bets with legislation. What if the U.S. treasury only allowed a cyrpto currency to be classified as a version of legal tender if an established bank did the job of BitInstant et. all, and you had proof of the transfer
That's so fucking unfeasible given the nature of Bitcoin it's exactly what "super-powerful bankers" could do to make sure no cryptocurrency is legitimate until they, like the nice people here believe, cryptocurrency takes over the world. I'm worried something like this, and obviously other things I'll never think of, could keep a cyrpto from ever getting to that critical mass. 
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:58:03
I think that happened yesterday (:P), I don't know how likely it is to dip down more though, I'm pretty new to economics.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:00:46
I noticed that too, it's at 95 now.