@_author: teteapapineau
@_date: 2014-01-30 16:59:05
being from montreal, I know that many poutines are really really disgusting. I really depends on the quality of your fries. The best poutines are made of thin crispy fries. 
@_date: 2014-02-07 17:21:28
@_date: 2014-02-14 20:24:13
My advice: put in cold storage and stop looking at price charts until it goes over BTC=1k$ at least
@_date: 2014-02-11 22:22:27
For those interested, this annoucement is at page 153 of the 2014 budget, chapter 3.1 available here: 
For the lazy:
Providing Banking and Custodial Services for the Canada 
Deposit Insurance Corporation 
*Economic Action Plan 2014 proposes to make legislative amendments to permit the  Bank of Canada to provide banking and custodial services to the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation.* 
The Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (CDIC) maintains a deposit insurance fund, into which CDIC member institutions pay annual premiums. The Bank of Canada currently provides some banking and custodial services to foreign central banks, and is uniquely positioned to provide similar services for the CDIC deposit insurance fund. The Government of Canada 
proposes to make legislative amendments to permit the Bank of Canada to provide banking and custodial services to CDIC. 
Strengthening Canada’s Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorist Financing Regime 
*The Government will introduce legislative amendments to strengthen Canada’s anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing regime.*
The Government of Canada is committed to a strong and comprehensive regime that is at the forefront of the global fight against money laundering and terrorist financing and that safeguards the integrity of Canada’s financial 
system and the safety and security of Canadians.
Canada’s regime remains strong and effective and is consistent with international standards. However, it is important to continually improve Canada’s regime to address emerging risks, including virtual currencies, such as Bitcoin, that threaten Canada’s international leadership in the 
fight against money laundering and terrorist financing. 
To this end, the Standing Senate Committee on Banking, Trade and Commerce undertook a five-year review of the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act and issued its final report in March 2013. Concurrently, the Government consulted with stakeholders to solicit their views on specific proposals and identify additional measures 
for consideration. Pursuant to this review, the Government will introduce legislative amendments and regulations to strengthen Canada’s anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing regime and improve Canada’s compliance with 
international standards, while minimizing the compliance burden. 
For example, the Government proposes to: 
• Introduce anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing regulations for virtual currencies, such as Bitcoin. 
• Make online casinos subject to the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act. 
• Enhance the ability of the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis 
Centre of Canada (FINTRAC) to disclose to federal partners threats to the security of Canada, consistent with the Government’s response to the Commission of Inquiry into the Investigation of the Bombing of Air India Flight 182. 
To implement these amendments, the Government proposes to provide FINTRAC up to $10.5 million over five years and up to $2.2 million per year ongoing. The Government also proposes to provide up to $12 million on a cash basis over five years to improve FINTRAC’s analytics system. This investment will increase efficiency, improve data quality and better 
meet the needs of Canadian law enforcement and other regime partners. 
@_date: 2014-02-04 21:34:03
Guy good shop owner: believes he will make money from holding bitcoins, offers rebate to costumers in exchange
From the article:
"Because it saves us costs, it allows us to offer discounts to customers. As this is a limited currency and is expected from our side that its value increases, we give a discount to customers accordingly. It's a win-win"
@_date: 2014-01-22 15:29:41
Same way as CNN did: talk about the technological infrastructure behind the Bitcoin network and how these will be used in the future. Make the distiction between those infrascructures and Bitcoin as a currency unit with speculative value
@_date: 2014-01-13 21:57:55
Not at all familiar with payroll management.
Does this affect people outside of the USA?
@_date: 2014-02-26 16:37:08
I would consider it amongst all the other options available to me.
@_date: 2014-02-05 21:51:32
The image they used is very cool. Anybody know where its from? [Edit] I mean the actual graphical image
@_date: 2014-01-21 14:22:14
I would be surprised, it seems the term has been coined by Invictus Corporations (my research) and some people (as does BTCgeek) refer to them as Distributed Autonomous Entities (DAE)
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:15:39
Another solution would be to closely monitor Bitcoin transactions. Financial institutions could be asked to record all transactions involving Bitcoin and to report anything suspicious. Since the chain of Bitcoin transfers within the network is public, policing the endpoints of the system (where bitcoins are converted into traditional money, goods, or services) might make it possible to link any official offering a bribe to the one receiving it. For instance, the U.S. government announced in March 2013 that any financial institution issuing or exchanging virtual currencies would be subject to the same monitoring and reporting rules as regular financial institutions. And it has recently showed that it is serious about enforcing compliance. Such regulations may be quite effective in discouraging money laundering. Unfortunately, they may also endanger some legitimate uses: smaller companies might lack resources to implement the mandated tracking, leaving the market to the larger institutions that are less interested in pursuing innovative solutions based on Bitcoin. 
A subtler approach would be for the government to work with large Bitcoin players. Although Bitcoin was meant to be fully decentralized, in practice, most transactions today pass through a handful of accounts. Shutting them down might be ineffective, since new ones would take their place. Working with them, however, could be productive. Eager to maintain their current position, the large players may agree to self-regulate rather than decide to take a stand and risk a more heavy-handed response from the authorities. Such self-regulation could involve modifying the Bitcoin protocol to reduce anonymity. 
WHAT IT MEANS
Whatever the fate of Bitcoin, it is worth remembering that it is only the first (and the most well-known) of several distributed cryptocurrencies in existence today. Such alternatives range from the likes of Dogecoin, a cryptocurrency whose most notable difference from Bitcoin is the use of a whimsical dog logo, to Zerocoin, which promises a substantially higher degree of anonymity. Without a doubt, there will be many more in the coming months and years.
Different cryptocurrencies will likely find different uses. Those that allow for a large degree of oversight (perhaps through some form of self-regulation) might enter the mainstream. Others that make oversight exceptionally hard might be ideal for truly illegal activities but find themselves shut out of the mainstream as a result. And a range of cryptocurrencies operating between these extremes could come on the market.
Today, no one knows what Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies will bring. The situation harks back to the early days of the Internet, when expectations for the new technology ranged from utter skepticism to wild pipe dreams. Cryptocurrencies are likely here to stay, although they might look very different two decades from now. Bitcoin could turn out to be the cryptocurrency equivalent of CompuServe or AOL -- revolutionary for its time, only to be forgotten later when a better technology emerged. Or it could turn out to be like Amazon.com, making the best of its first-mover’s advantage and dominating the industry for years. Cryptocurrencies will probably not bring about the libertarian rapture promised by some proponents -- but ignore them at your own peril.
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:15:56
i posted the entire thing here
@_date: 2014-02-25 20:45:26
did you just create a throaway to troll this sub?
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:15:06
Bitcoin Goes Boom
Will the World's Favorite Cryptocurrency Explode or Implode?
By Yuri Takhteyev and Mariana Mota Prado JANUARY 30, 2014
It might not have been word of the year for 2013, but “Bitcoin” figured prominently in the shortlists. Known formerly only to true geeks, the mysterious cryptocurrency was in the news almost every day. Many of the stories were tales of riches gained and lost: a Norwegian student who discovered that the 5,600 bitcoins he purchased for $24 in 2009 were now worth $700,000; a British man who accidentally threw away a hard drive containing digital keys to bitcoins worth over $6 million. Others were tales of crime: websites where anonymous buyers could use bitcoins to buy drugs or even pool money for potential assassinations of public figures. And still others focused on attempts at regulating Bitcoin, which ranged from declaring it altogether illegal (Thailand) to embracing it wholeheartedly (Switzerland). 
Why all the fuss? Much of it has to do with Bitcoin’s pure novelty and its wild price fluctuations (from under $20 per bitcoin at the start of 2013 to a high of $1,203 in December to around $925 now). But above all, it is because Bitcoin is an extraordinary idea -- one whose ramifications no one can fully foresee. Its foundational premise is that monetary systems do not need a central government. Instead, Bitcoin relies on clever mathematics to ensure that everyone plays by the rules. In theory, at least, no one can control Bitcoin. And this means, of course, that nobody can tell Bitcoin users what they should and shouldn’t be spending their money on -- for good or for ill. That presents regulating agencies with difficult questions: Should they try to control Bitcoin? Can they control it? 
If all this sounds familiar, it should. The world faced these same questions in the early days of the Internet. Whether Bitcoin is more like AOL or Google, of course, is yet to be seen. Still, how governments choose to respond to it could change global finance for good.
Create Infographics
Click here for the full infographic.
HOW IT WORKS
Bitcoins are sometimes called virtual cash. But a better analogy is to Rai stones, a currency historically used in Yap, an island in Micronesia. Yapese used large stone disks, up to 12 feet in diameter, to pay for big transactions. Difficult to move, however, Rai stones were often just left in their place. A person using his stone to pay someone else would publicly announce the transfer of the stone’s ownership. According to one anthropologist, a large stone once fell into ocean en route to the island. Rather than mourn the loss, the islanders continued to accept the stone as a valid form of payment, even though no one ever saw it again.
Bitcoin works like Rai stones hidden in the sea. The system allocates units of value, called bitcoins. Like a stone under the ocean, a bitcoin has no use other than as a form of payment. You can’t touch or see it. But it has value because people agree that it does and because its numbers are limited. Around 12 million bitcoins are currently in circulation. That number can grow only by around 25,000 bitcoins per week. Such guaranteed rarity, users expect, will ensure that bitcoins retain their worth.
All forms of money require the currency to be in limited supply. Sometimes the supply is limited by nature -- there is only so much gold in the world. Other times, we trust some authority to ensure it. The world relies on Washington, for example, to issue a limited supply of U.S. dollars and to punish anyone who puts out counterfeit ones. In Bitcoin's case, no centralized institutional backer is needed. It is neither a company nor an association. No one party is keeping track of account balances -- the participants do it collectively, aided by clever mathematics. The scheme is based on a paper published in 2008 under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto, and a piece of software released by Nakamoto in 2009. (The software is open source -- anyone can inspect or modify it.) Nobody knows for sure who Nakamoto is, or even how many Nakamotos are out there. And nobody, not even Nakamoto, is fully in control. The system just proceeds by the rules defined in his paper, with rare modifications adopted by a consensus of users. The lack of centralized control makes regulating Bitcoin difficult -- and intentionally so.
The 12 million bitcoins now in existence are distributed among individual accounts. Much like the Yapese and their Rai, account holders do not physically hold any bitcoins. Rather, everyone knows how many coins belong to each account, based on the public history of transfers. To transfer bitcoins, one simply announces the transfer, naming the new account. Once the announcement is confirmed, the bitcoins are understood to belong to the new account. Although all Bitcoin transactions are public, the identity of account holders is not. All anyone knows are the account numbers involved in each transaction. This creates two challenges.
The first challenge is easy to understand: How does one know that an announcement was made by the true account holder without knowing who that owner is? Bitcoin solves this first problem with so-called digital signatures, a well-worn cryptographic technique that dates to the 1970s. Each public account number comes with a secret matching key -- essentially a long number that can be plugged into a mathematical formula to generate a confirmation code. The math behind this scheme allows others to verify the confirmation code without knowing the secret key. (However, if the owner of the account ever loses the secret key, as happened to the unlucky British man, then he or she can no longer transfer his or her bitcoins. In other words, the account holder still technically has the coins, but can never spend them.)
The second challenge is subtler: How do we prevent someone from gaming the system by falsifying the time stamps on his or her transfer announcements? One user could first announce a transfer of five bitcoins to a second user’s account in exchange for $5,000 in cash and then announce that he or she had transferred all of his or her bitcoins to a third account the day before. The second user would be tricked into paying for bitcoins from a now empty account. The problem of verifying the true time of an announcement without the aid of a trusted overseer has stumped computer scientists for years. If some computers record that they saw an announcement yesterday and others do not, which should one trust? Nakamoto’s paper finally solved the riddle with a clever combination of engineering and economics.
Bitcoin transaction announcements are recorded in so-called blocks, each block containing a record of transactions that happened in a span of roughly ten minutes. Every block ends with a mathematical puzzle. The next block must start with a solution to that puzzle to be considered valid. The resulting chain of puzzles forms an official history of all transactions.
Anyone can try to solve a puzzle. They are designed so that a computer using a simple program can figure out the answer, but only with a lot of trial and error. The difficulty of the puzzles is automatically adjusted so that, no matter how many computers are playing the game, someone hits the jackpot -- successfully “mining” a block -- roughly once every ten minutes. People who allow their computers to participate in this game are called miners. The lucky miner who is the first to solve the last block’s problem gets a prize, currently 25 bitcoins, worth a bit over $20,000. Those 25 bitcoins are generated out of thin air, so that the total number of bitcoins grows by 25 every 10 minutes.
Whoever generates the solution is also in charge of creating the next block, which includes a record of any transfers that were announced while miners’ computers were working on the last puzzle. Some of these transfer announcements will come with a small optional transaction fee -- a tip from the transferor to the miner who will record the transaction. (Miners can skip transactions. The tip helps ensure diligence.) The new block defines a new puzzle to be solved by the next block. And the cycle begins again.
This scheme makes it extremely difficult to forge the history of transactions: to do so, the fraudster would need to create an alternative history of puzzle-solution pairs, one for every ten-minute period. That would require staggering computing power. Not even Google’s data centers would be of much help in this task. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 21:48:50
honestly this may sound noobish but I actually don't know how to do a twitter link. Help appreciated!!
@_date: 2014-07-09 15:52:28
my first tip! thanks :)
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:30:26
If you're good at something, don't do it for free. People will be happy to pay for your services, and you will feel a greater need to give good service.
My 2 cents.
@_date: 2014-05-22 13:13:54
I contacted them to get a projection in Montreal, hope they decide to do it!
@_date: 2014-01-17 21:34:10
I think he may confuse the concepts of "decentralized" and "deregulated". In any case, Bitcoin was never unregulated: i would consider blockchain technology to be a built-in self-regulation mechanism in itself.
In any case, I don't think there is any downside to have a government recognize Bitcoin as private currency. 
@_date: 2014-06-13 16:54:33
yes exactly like that! thanks a million, I was in a hurry!
@_date: 2014-02-19 15:05:54
The source is the article itself and the author of the quote is the author of the article, i.e. Paul Szczesny Co-Founder and CTO Cointrader Exchange Inc....
@_date: 2014-02-05 18:47:06
It differs for the above stated reasons
@_date: 2014-03-17 15:26:00
I live in Quebec, and I can confirm that the locations of the 2nd and 3rd dots to the right are situated in the middle of but-fuck-nowhere, i.e. the Boreal Forest
@_date: 2014-05-24 12:36:54
Are you a member of the Bitcoin Foundation?
They are pretty clear in that they work first and foremost for their members' interest. Join them and make a suggestion on the education committee.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:41:55
"If you have never heard of Bitcoin, your not alone."
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:36:23
am I panicking?
@_date: 2014-02-27 18:25:20
out of curiosity, what country are you in? There is no paywall for me (Canada)
@_date: 2014-03-01 15:05:58
Wow this is actually my tailor!! He does a Canada-wide tour 3-4 times a year. Nice suits but god damn expensive.
@_date: 2014-02-18 18:39:35
First of all, the article is founded upon the following premise: 
"Money is supposed to serve three purposes: it functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, and a store of value."
It is a common view of mainstream economics that the three functions are separate attribuates inherent to a currency. However, other economists (mostly Austrian economists) will consider that medium of exchange is the only attribute inherently needed for a commodity of any kind to become a currency. Different commoditties, all of which have a potential to become medium of exchanges, will compete to become a dominant currency. The remaining attributes (unit of account and store of value) are gained when a currency becomes dominant and are not inherent attributes of a currency. One could say they are consequences of a currency achieving a "dominant" status. 
According to mainstream economists, then, there can be no other currency than the dominant currency (fiat money) since the necessary attributes to become a currency are obtained when that currency obtains dominant status.
source: I am a political analyst working at a free-market think tank
However, for others, Bitcoin is a legitimate currency as it serves the purpose of medium of exchange. Its serving the purpose of unit of account and store of value (in any case not a requisite to become a currency) will happen as liquidity increases anyway.
@_date: 2014-02-04 19:33:50
A business like his*
[can't english, won't english]
@_date: 2014-01-20 18:31:19
The first ever recored transaction of digital currency using radiowaves by a public radio station.
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:12:49
The government offers its citizens *investment advice* and that advice is supposed to be interpreted as *credible*?
@_date: 2014-11-20 20:37:17
Bought and tested. Trezor has no chance - this changes everything
@_date: 2014-01-30 20:29:06
poutine is from QUÉBEC, not FRANCE.
it is litterally our national food dish
EDIT: Best poutine is in Drummondville, Québec, the city in which it was invented and which hosts the poutine festival
@_date: 2014-07-09 14:36:52
For Bitcoin user/consumer protection:
INNOVATION &gt; REGULATION
@_date: 2014-02-27 19:15:23
WHAT IS IT FOR?
There are many legitimate uses for Bitcoin. It offers a simple and secure payment method: the payer is fully in control of how much money is transferred and when, so there is no reason to worry about unauthorized charges or identity theft. In the last year, many companies -- including Overstock.com, Newegg, and, most recently, TigerDirect -- announced that they would start accepting bitcoins as payment. Wider adoption of Bitcoin could help put a dent in a fraud problem that costs merchants billions of dollars every year.
Bitcoin’s transparent and decentralized design also helps new players to enter the highly centralized and byzantine world of electronic payments and allows them to do things that would have been difficult otherwise. For example, a number of firms are starting to use Bitcoin for remittance payments, bypassing traditional gatekeepers and offering their services at a fraction of the rates charged by companies such as Western Union. (The global remittances to developing countries add up to hundreds of billions of dollars.) 
Yet not all of Bitcoin’s implications are positive. Its promise of anonymity also makes the currency very attractive for illegal transactions.
One famous example of this is Silk Road, an online marketplace for illegal drugs and stolen credit cards that has been in operation since 2011. Briefly shut down by U.S. law enforcement in 2013 (only to be relaunched a month later), Silk Road attracted media attention for openly flouting the law. Processing a little over a million dollars’ worth of illegal transactions every month, however, Silk Road represents a relatively meager sort of criminality. Bitcoin might also become a tool for large-scale money laundering. In other words, it could be used for transactions that are not illegal per se but that help disguise the origins of funds obtained through illegal activities. If Bitcoin can, in fact, deliver what it promises, international efforts to stamp out large-scale crime and corruption might take a serious hit.
Consider a typical large corruption scheme: A company wants to bribe an elected official with $10 million, in order to “win” a contract worth 50 times as much. Both parties want to make the deal, but how would they actually make the payment? It is hard to physically transfer $10 million in cash inconspicuously (over 200 pounds of paper in hundred-dollar bills). Wiring that much money is also risky. In recent years, many jurisdictions have started to require financial institutions to monitor their clients’ activities and alert authorities about anything considered suspicious. Such regulation often requires especially close monitoring of high-risk individuals such as current and former elected officials. People who engage in money laundering usually know that all of their transactions may be closely watched.
The most practical solution today involves sending the money through corporate vehicles, trusts, or nonprofit entities. The company offering the bribe sets up an offshore shell company, which then makes a wire transfer to a trust fund that names a person connected to the official (a family member or a friend) as a beneficiary. Such schemes can, indeed, tie up investigators but even they have become increasingly risky with the expansion of international anti-money-laundering and anticorruption regulation. 
Bitcoin promises a seemingly unbeatable solution: if the corrupt company can obtain $10 million worth of bitcoins, it can transfer those from their own anonymous account to one controlled by the corrupt official. Nobody would know where the money went. Not even the company that paid the bribe would be able to prove that the account into which it transfered bitcoins belongs to the official. And as long as the official was careful, the bribe could never be seized by the government or stolen.
In practice, of course, using bitcoins for such large bribes is not easy. One problem is the relatively small volume of dollar-to-bitcoin trade, which means that anyone attempting to make a large payment may have trouble doing so without adversely affecting the exchange rate. The fact that Bitcoin transactions are public also means that sophisticated analysis can undermine anonymity of users who do not take careful steps to cover their tracks. Nor can Bitcoin protect users from many traditional police tools, such as informants or sting operations. Finally, the volatility of the dollar-to-bitcoin exchange rate remains a major problem: within the last three months, the value of one bitcoin has oscillated between $200 and $1,200. (Those fluctuations, of course, also make it harder to use Bitcoin for many legitimate activities.) Such problems, however, may turn out to be much simpler than those presented by alternative money-laundering methods. And they could further dissipate with growing use of Bitcoin. As more people use the currency, the price will likely be more stable and exchanging large amounts would present less of a challenge.
IS IT GOOD?
With all Bitcoin’s potential for good and ill, it might well make sense to try to regulate it. But would that be possible? Bitcoin’s decentralized structure makes oversight difficult. The government cannot order Bitcoin to flag suspicious transactions, since it is not a legal entity but a network of participants, many of whom are anonymous. Of course, the same used to be said of the Internet, yet today, almost every country on the planet enforces rules for online conduct. And although people can sometimes get away with breaking the law online, the get caught quite often. Similarly, there are several ways for governments to cope with Bitcoin. These steps will not prevent every instance of wrongdoing, but they will make each more challenging.
The crudest approach would be to simply prohibit the use of Bitcoin and similar systems. (For example, the central banks of Iceland and Thailand have declared the use of Bitcoin software to be illegal in those countries, although neither country appears to be set on enforcing the ban.) Treating Bitcoin software as a criminal tool and punishing people for using or having it would deter many users. Sure, you might never get caught, but most people wouldn’t want the risk. The downside, of course, is that this would also eliminate any potential benefits of the legal uses of Bitcoin as well, such as security and low fees. After all, paper money is also a key tool of money laundering, yet governments do not ban it, recognizing the many conveniences that it offers.
A milder version of such prohibition would be to allow personal use but ban financial institutions from engaging in Bitcoin transactions, as China did in December 2013. This would not affect the use of Bitcoin for smaller crime but would put a dent in large-scale schemes. Again, however, it would also eliminate many of the currency's benefits. It is also worth remembering that no regulator can fully control today’s global finance sector. If the United States bans American banks from trading bitcoins, Swiss banks would be happy to take the extra customers. And if the United States manages to strong-arm Switzerland into the same regulatory regime, other countries will be standing in line.
@_date: 2016-02-10 15:20:20
pretty much the only thing that remained was the music, the style and the captions. Most the footage was Bitcoin-related