@_author: tether-to
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:15:11


The one aspect of centralization to Tether is the trust that the tokens can be redeemed at face value.  This trust can only be maintained if a known, trusted third-party can validate 100% reserves.


We are talking with several large auditing firms (and we are quite impressed with Elliptic's recent certification by KPMG), as we understand the reputability of the auditing firm directly influences the confidence Tether users will have.


Management and administration details of the reserve will be provided publicly once we conclude the private beta, and the concerns you note above have already been taken into consideration.
@_date: 2015-01-15 21:01:19
Since the balance of the reserves must match the total number of tethers in circulation, verification of the reserve balance is a requirement before creating or redeeming tethers.
Verifying the number of tether tokens can easily be done by looking at the blockchain, including the creation and redemption events.  
Displaying the reserve balance will be done on an "as close to real time" basis as is feasible (polled to pull the recent data), and the reserve balance will be regularly audited by a reputable third party (including historical balances).
@_date: 2015-01-15 20:35:09
You're referring to the on-ramps and off-ramps when you describe crypto interfacing with fiat, and when you say "drawbacks" I assume you mean KYC friction.  This is unavoidable when bridging the gap between fiat and crypto, and KYC/AML compliance is something that Tether takes very seriously.  Coinbase and Circle, however are great examples of reducing that friction while also being fully compliant.
However, the big difference and where I disagree with you is what happens when Tether is generally accepted as a payment method, which reduces the need for on-ramps and off-ramps, and thus the friction.  When the tokenized crypto representation is equivalent to fiat in the minds of both the buyer and the seller, the drawbacks you describe go away.
@_date: 2015-01-15 20:50:15
We love the Locks product! Both Locks and Tether.to work directly on the Bitcoin network, and both are compatible with any bitcoin client if you keep the value on the website (bitcoins-in, bitcoins-out).  
Allowing users to withdraw that "locked" value onto the Blockchain (using Omni/Mastercoin) is what Tether provides, and that is our sole focus - ensuring that tethers can always be redeemed at their face value, even if they have been secured by the user with their own private key.
If Coinapult integrated Tether, a KYC-verified user at Bitfinex could withdraw their USD balance, hold it in their own wallet (or in cold storage), and at some time later bring them to Coinapult to be "unlocked" back into BTC.  :-)
@_date: 2015-02-02 14:57:45
Tether's first launch partner is Bitfinex, and the Bitfinex team has been instrumental in helping get the system up and running from a regulatory, banking and legal perspective.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:19:24
The ultimate goal is to not require trust at all.  However, when you are dealing with fiat (or fiat surrogates), it requires trust (all the way down).  
Tether aims to reduce the amount of trust required to the redemption aspect only, and lets the rest of the system rely upon decentralized solutions with which the community is already comfortable.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:14:52
Tether tokens are issued on the Bitcoin blockchain using a meta-asset protocol (omni).  
For every dollar put into the reserve, a tether token is created, and for every dollar redeemed from the reserve, a tether token is revoked.  This keeps the number of tethers in circulation on the blockchain exactly matched to the dollars in the reserve.
This means that for exchanges and wallets that support tethers, you no longer need to leave any of your assets (dollars or otherwise) on an exchange, and can instead hold that value locally in your own Bitcoin wallet (including cold storage).
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:11:11
This is very well stated.  You basically have three options: fully automated and decentralized (experimental, can't use the Bitcoin blockchain, etc), partially decentralized, or centralized.
Tether chose the middle ground, as fiat backing requires someone trustworthy to ensure the money is actually there.  We are looking for ways to further decentralize this aspect, but in the meantime are working with the community to perform "decentralized audits" of the reserve.
Tether's use of the Bitcoin blockchain for token issuance and destruction (omni layer) makes it further decentralized than others, and tethers could easily become a portability feature for the other services mentioned.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:38:05
Tether is technology agnostic, and currently uses the most widely-deployed meta-asset platform on Bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-02-02 14:56:00
Once you start dealing with off-blockchain assets, you can't *fully* decentralize, but you can get close.  Tether uses asset-backing and is planning on engaging the community as decentralized auditors to demonstrate the 100% reserve (both on-blockchain and off).
For Tether, the only aspect of trust is the redemption - the rest of the platform operates as tokens on the Bitcoin blockchain, meaning that it is as decentralized as is possible with real dollars backing each token.