@_author: texadoro
@_date: 2019-07-11 17:20:24
‘but some of the aspects of the new rules could pose new challenges’ 
You mean like defeating one of the main purposes of using cryptocurrencies in the first place?
@_date: 2019-03-01 19:22:33
It’s definitely a law.  It’s called escheatment.  See, so the bank has to by law escheat funds to the state on inactive accounts if they can’t find or contact the owner of the money.  The state then uses those funds for investing or expense purposes until the rightful owner goes through the state government website to claim their uncollected funds.  The state auditing departments are pretty serious about this bc, well the state wants the money.
@_date: 2019-03-01 21:01:30
I’m not sure about the time exactly.  I managed an account where I had to escheat funds every year.  I believe it was 2 years, could be 3 though that funds would have to be sent to unclaimed property for inactive accounts.  It likely varies by state, bc it’s the state department of banking that you send the unclaimed funds to.  It also depends on how diligent the bank or financial institution is about escheating funds.  Financial institutions get audited by the state department of banking annually if not more frequently, so there’s no way to avoid it.   I’d imagine a bank like Wells Fargo is very diligent and likely has it automatically setup so they don’t incur fines or lose their license.
Edit:  I mean, I audited our accounts every year, but if an account was inactive for 2 or 3 years (want to say it was 2 but could be 3), AND I was unable to be contact the owner in writing, it would then be sent to the state as unclaimed property.
@_date: 2019-03-01 22:31:24
Honestly, that would pass the smell test on paper.  But, it’s hard to say what sort of algorithm/formula they use to measure the metric for inactivity.  For me, any movement would’ve sufficed, but a $1 xfer back and forth would’ve been a bit suspect.  It may be that you have to make a deposit &gt; $X, or some percentage of what’s currently on deposit.  Likewise for writing a check from your checking account.  Honestly, without knowing more about your situation I can’t be of any real help.  I’d suggest contacting your bank and asking them directly.  Sometimes you just have to make contact via writing to maintain activity in the account(I.e. the bank would send you something about account activity, you sign it and send it back to them) and you’re good to go, no need for transfer.