@_author: textish
@_date: 2012-11-06 21:01:48
Get this man some bitcoin ASAP!
Guess I will slog it out for now and continue piecemeal research. Certainly going to avoid putting any real currency in until I understand all of this.
@_date: 2012-11-06 22:24:40
It's reassuring that there are levelheaded people that are active in the community, but with such a small and anonymous community, it's hard to tell just what the *average* bitcoin community participant is like.
It is damn sexy to have decentralized (and yes, anonymous) currency, and I am not foolish enough to believe that there *aren't* scammers of every stripe participating... But like yourself, I am interested enough to learn everything possible so that I can participate entirely on my own terms, *if* I choose to.
@_date: 2012-11-06 18:20:37
Interesting idea, certainly. I know Boston, MA is supposed to be a sort of Mecca for US cohousing collectives. I would imagine with the growth of community "hack spaces" ideas like this are not far from becoming reality. As a single bachelor, I would probably consider it myself. However, I am *very* green to the world of bitcoin — just got my wallet set up — so I'm a little hesitant to base my needs of daily survival on it. ;)
(Interestingly, it appears that has existed for 4 years, but there is absolutely nothing in it. Weird.)
@_date: 2012-11-07 03:45:07
Maybe I was a little unclear. I have found numerous decently well-written introductions to Bitcoin as a concept. [The Bitcoin Wiki] ( is actually very thorough in that regard. (I'm sure there's plenty that's been overlooked/unfinished, but it seemed to be a very good start.)


While this may hold true for the *average* user, it is most certainly not universally true, and it's rather demeaning. Documentation is extremely important in large-scale product and software development. All computer scientists are taught the importance of it. I've been around long enough to remember the days where anyone asking questions was instantly slapped with a response of "RTFM," and while I'm glad that we've progressed beyond those days, I'm never happy when I'm running a piece of software that I don't feel I completely understand. Naturally, there are limits to this — I'm not looking to understand every detail about client synchronization, for example...
But I am curious as to why, under Options, the first thing I am greeted with is the opportunity to specify an "optional transfer fee per kB that helps make sure your transactions are processed quickly." That's an awfully specific statement with no qualification whatsoever. Where is that money going?
Also, "Detach databases at shutdown"... What's that about?
Overall, the Satoshi client ([only recently figured out that it was called that] ( is relatively straightforward. But I would appreciate it if someone in the community developing it would put together an explanation of all of the options available to users. I'm making notes as I discover things, so maybe I'll get to it myself.
And yes, I do realize that everything may change a year from now — this client may be completely obsoleted, in fact — but Bitcoin-Qt (a.k.a. the Satoshi client) is definitely an integral part of the community for anyone wishing to have complete control over their wallet *as of now*, so I feel it's definitely not unwarranted to desire some documentation for it.