@_author: texzone
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:32:44
Original [link]( for those interested. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 09:05:40
Two number nines, a number nine large, a number six with extra dip, a number seven, two hundred grams of heroin, two number forty-fives, one with cheese, and a large soda.
@_date: 2017-12-04 05:03:40
Wow, this is some awesome information. I'll definitely be reading up a lot more about this. THANKS!
@_date: 2017-12-22 08:48:35
I bought at 20k because I needed to make a pricey btc transaction ASAP, and that much money takes time to process. I knew I would eat shit for it.
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:03:34
Yeah you should go on the link and view all the answers, one guy gives a spectacular one:
Alright pussy cat, listen up. If you’re not a troll, and you’re telling the truth, you only have two options.
Steal the bitcoins from the wallet owner.
Forget about it, go home and cry to your momma.
Now, if you’re a real man, and I suppose that you could be.. Then you’re going to want to steal those bitcoins and make sure you live a wealthy, awesome life for the rest of your life, without having to work for a ‘boss’ ever again. This is a one time chance to truly become the boss of your own life, so follow my lead.
Here’s what you need to know: Depending on where you live, the FBI, Quora, Interpol and the cyber security intelligence will be working on this case in order to identify who you are and prevent you from stealing the bitcoin. They already have your IP address, so they know where exactly you live. They also know your phone number, in case you attached it to your Google account before.
What they don’t know:
They don’t know whether you really have access to someone else’s wallet.
They don’t know which wallet it is, and whom it belongs to.
So all you need to do, is to hide the laptop, and hide all physical evidence of the existence of this wallet.
The law enforcement can not arrest and prosecute you if they can’t prove that this wallet really exists, so all you need to do is to hide it and pretend that you don’t know anything about it. So GO AHEAD AND HIDE EVERYTHING that could lead them to finding this wallet and to proving that it exists.
Now let’s get to wizardry work, shall we?
Make sure to dress properly, hydrate yourself and eat some snacks, because we are about to steal 130 bitcoins in a way that can never be traced back to you.
Buy a USB stick (at least 8GB size) and install Tails operating system on your USB memory. Only download it from here. Privacy for anyone anywhere
Find a free public WiFi in your city and make sure there are no surveillance cameras around you.
Extract the hard drive from your laptop to be 100% safe.
Connect the Tails USB stick to your laptop and launch Tail OS.
Connect to the WiFi network and open the Electrum Wallet. It’s already pre-installed on the latest version of Tails.
After making sure that you are connected to the internet, create new anonymous wallets (standard) using Electrum (130 of them), and absolutely write down the seeds on a piece of paper. Do not give that paper or show it to anybody, because it is the only way your wallets can be accessed.
Once your wallets are successfully generated, just save your ‘receive’ addresses by taking a photo of your computer screen. [edit: Capital letters of your address matter. You must save the address exactly as it is.]
NOW, NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS, DO NOT send them to the anonymous wallets you’ve just created using a Public WiFi network and Tails. Because they are called the ‘dirty’ coins. The dirty coins are called dirty because they are linked to you, or could be traced back to you by reviewing your transaction history.
The only way to make your transactions untraceable, is to send your coins through bitcoin mixing services. You can access Helix via Tor Browser. 
Steps for helix:
1] Send your ‘stolen’ bitcoins to helix from your dirty wallet. But send them one bitcoin at a time, and each time you must send them to a different, previously unused wallet. →2] In the ‘receive clean coins’ address, you must specify your anonymous wallets (130 of them) you created using Tails and the public WiFi network. 3] After your bitcoins are cleaned up and get sent to your new anonymous wallets, just wait… simply wait to receive the clean coins on each of your 130 different wallet addresses.
Critical update: Do not send these 130 bitcoins through helix from your house network, because the blockchain can store the IP addresses responsible for those transactions. In fact, just go ahead and use Tails OS along with the public WiFi network to send those initial 130 bitcoins through helix. Tails will not reveal your IP, and the blockchain would never know who made the initial transactions.
Now that we’ve cleaned up your dirty bitcoins, they should arrive at the final destination → Your anonymous wallets (130 of them). You can now congratulate yourself over your successes, and sleep well, knowing that the FBI would have to pull their hairs out because of how impossibly difficult you just made for them to find those bitcoins, and find out who transferred them, and where.
Here are the COMMANDMENTS that must never be broken while using any of your 130 wallets, for the rest of your life, period:
Thou shalt not access your anonymous wallet without a Public WiFi network and Tails OS.
Thou shalt not make online payments without using a Public WiFi network and Tails OS.
Thou shalt not register your real phone number on websites where you pay with your bitcoin, because the phone number will reveal your location.
Thou shalt not register your real E-mail address when making online payments, because your E-mail provider will give out your identity if the Law Enforcement asks them to. Only use temporary disposable email addresses, and only use Tor Browser to create them.
Thou shalt not give your personally identifiable information when making online payments.
Thou shalt not enable Javascript while making online payments, if the first commandment has been broken.
Thou shalt not trust VPN services, for they will sell your soul to the law enforcement, if they have to. Do not believe in their ‘no log policy’, it is a deception.
Thou shalt not bear false witness against your neighbor.
Thou shalt not covet your neighbor's house; you shall not covet your neighbor's wife, nor his male servant, nor his female servant, nor his ox, nor his bitcoins, nor anything that is your neighbor's.
~ Mr.nobody
[This answer was written strictly for educational purposes. I do not condone illegal activities, nor do I claim responsibility for any financial damage caused by this answer.]
@_date: 2017-12-03 23:19:56
I was thinking of using [this bitcoin client]( and it also says I should get a hardware wallet. Tf is that? What are the pros and cons of having one? 
@_date: 2019-11-26 15:44:18
Fak u