@_author: tfcommanderbob
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:11:48
I'm not sure why, but the idea of a face to face cash transaction somewhere random for digital currency with someone I've never met is even scarier than wiring money, a process I've only done once in my life.
@_date: 2013-04-25 02:55:22
hah, I live in the middle of nowhere. Thanks though! :)
@_date: 2013-06-01 17:01:13
To be fair, how many people have encountered clamshell packaging vs mustard gas. Plus it is kind of a joke, it's not like the top voted comment gets un invented. hah.
@_date: 2013-04-17 03:38:39
I'll apologize in advance, as I haven't begun reading about how markets work. I'm going to poorly rephrase what you said, and perhaps maybe you could respond with "that is basically it" "close but not quite" or "wtf is wrong with you, go read on x to understand this concept"? :)
Here goes: people were intentionally selling off bitcoins, effectively driving down the price because very few people were trying to buy. The price couldn't go lower than $50 because people were beginning to buy back in, and because people weren't selling any more to push the price down, they jumped in and started repurchasing, driving the price back up. This was why the volume was so high.
@_date: 2013-04-17 02:21:57
This article was messy and ridiculously frustrating to read. I haven't bought bitcoins yet, but I've spent a large portion of the last two weeks examining what it is, how it works, and what I want to do. So I'm a newb.
Having said that, 


He is using semi-colons separate items in a list, so I can only assume Mt. Gox is the first item. Mt.Gox has not been mentioned previously in the article, and as such hasn't been established as an exchange. Bitcoinity is not an [exchange]( it is a site for monitoring exchanges (which I have had open daily, I love that it is inverse white/black), and you cannot use the word "another" when you haven't already established "one". He lists "bitcoin forums" as a general idea instead of just naming the actual forum, having just named specifics 3 times in a row.
If you decide to push on, assuming it was just poor editing:




"Shit broke" followed by admissions of "inevitably, shit is gonna break". It's like the writer (Alec Liu, I can't even quote a sentence without having to delete the extra copied social network spam) couldn't decide whether he hates bitcoin or likes it, so he takes both sides. 


**Is this even true?** *I don't really know what I'm talking about on this subject.* I certainly can't trust him at this point. I assume trade volume on Mt. Gox is down significantly since the bubble, but have other exchanges really picked up 30% of all bitcoin traffic? Since when? The start of bitcoin? The bubble? He doesn't list a time frame, but my assumption is he thinks it was since the bubble. After all, we are talking about learning from the bubble. I bet his insider is and he hasn't actually spoken to someone knowledgeable on the subject.
Then this:
For what is supposed to be decentralized, it’s ironic and almost embarrassing that the system was taken down by a single centralized point of failure, the Mt. Gox exchange.
Separated in 10x bigger font like it is his goddamn thesis statement. Actually, it is an insignificant blurb that he contradicted with the sentence that had followed it (didn't make it into the 10x font):
But these issues can only be addressed slowly and organically over time, and generally, this is already happening.
I stopped there. I couldn't bring myself to keep reading. 
@_date: 2013-04-15 20:52:02
This hits on one thing that concerns me with bitcoin. We tout the no chargeback thing as the best thing ever. It sounds great for the merchant, but isn't it more risk for the buyer? It's technically like mailing cash to someone and having very little rebuttal if you don't get your product or aren't happy with the service, assuming the merchant feels they are in the right or doesn't want to play ball.
That is especially a concern today, where there are few vendors and no way of confirming who is legit and who isn't. Hell, we can't even be confident in an exchange yet.
@_date: 2013-04-21 16:06:32
Hah... So it was YOU! YOU broke the market. Way to go.
@_date: 2013-04-15 16:05:58
I object to your first sentence, the rest is fine. It shoots me down. It says "I know you think you are great, BUT fuck you read this." haha
 
I feel the wording for this link:  should be changed and inserted into your first sentence.   "[This is a great place to start learning about bitcoins!]( makes a lot more sense to me.  Lets face it, if you are lucky enough to have people click on a "newbies" sticky, you damn well better get them off in the right direction within 10 seconds.
If they actually clicked the sticky looking for information about the forum and not about bitcoins themselves, they will actually take the time to read the rest.
@_date: 2013-04-26 02:51:10
Since I have a random newbie q....
Is mt.gox verification *required* prior to *any* deposit? I'm looking to deposit a low amount of USD via bitinstant, but I can't find anything saying it is or is not required. It just seems to say it expands your withdrawal/deposit options, but I'm nervous about attempting the process without confirmation.
@_date: 2013-04-17 03:06:26
I'm not entirely sure I understood everything you described, but it was enthralling to read!
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:53:12
obvious troll is obvious
You have pasted that word for word three times since you created the account 3 hours ago...