@_author: tgbex
@_date: 2015-12-03 16:27:19
Isn't it illegal to create your own currency? (why Satoshi is anonymous?) 
Let them release it, then demand they all be jailed!!
@_date: 2015-06-08 12:15:46
TGBEX sell 'loaded' physical bitcoins, are subject to oversight (soon to be regulated in the Isle of Man) and have controls and procedures to safeguard the privacy of private keys.
We believe physical bitcoins are th best way to explain the concept of public/ private keys and therfore bitcoin, so far from being misleading, they can (and do!) help adoption.
Offline storage is still recommended by many experts and when comparing this to storage online via a wallet or exchange, it has a superior record of security...
@_date: 2014-12-12 03:33:48
Link for anyone wishing to sign up as an affiliate (with banners/ links etc):
 
@_date: 2014-12-08 18:24:59
Common question 'in the community'. Answer is any way you buy bitcoins you have to trust someone. TGBEX procedures, systems and controls were created by people with experience of working on the Bank of England/ ADIA systems and with experience of designing and implementing controls and procedures for Citi/ JPMorgan.
One of our founders has an award from Citi for creating a custody solution for physical assets and has implemented cash payment controls for sovereign wealth funds/ large private equity funds, so guess if you cannot trust people who have authorised billions of pounds of transactions for banks, who can you trust?
For those that know how to generate keys offline, then physical coins represent no more than a novelty item, but aim is really to sell the coins as storage for those who have never owned bitcoin before/ try and help drive bitcoin adoption.
 
@_date: 2014-12-07 15:09:33
related articles below:
@_date: 2014-12-08 18:49:06
All a bit debatable - point with CrypArt is you can actually scan the picture, send it bitcoins, or check the wallet balance.
i.e. pictures are centred around the public key QR, which we do not believe has ever been done before.
Satushi's first picture was created quite some time ago now as well, waited until we had a range of pictures ready/ made over last 3-4 months before announcing anything...
There are also pictures with a separate QR code below pictures out there that appeared whilst we were finalising range, but would argue they are separate to the actual art (have a bitcoinartgallery debating validity of claim as well!)
@_date: 2014-12-09 02:42:03
Thanks Knight222 for sharing 
Some more info/ better links here:
@_date: 2014-12-10 03:57:03
best article here: 
@_date: 2014-12-07 15:19:37
Idea is great, but try paying rent, utility bills, staff costs and suppliers in bitcoin……
@_date: 2014-12-08 15:45:59
Definitely not designed for a medium of exchange- essentially coins are just an offline wallet.
They are designed for long-term storage, to be redeemed in future when hopefully bitcoins could be worth significantly more?
Storing bitcoins on a mobile is asking to lose them. Storing on an exchange has a 90% loss record over last 3 years (mostly Mt Gox), paper wallets (even laminated) can quickly become unreadable and who knows if todays technology (usb, hard drives etc) will be usable in 10-20 years?
If you lose a TGBEX physical coin, you have lost the bitcoins, but most people can relate to that (things like multi-factor authentication etc beyond 99.9% of people at the moment?)
@_date: 2014-12-28 22:31:47
Impulse buy is possible with physical bitcoins....
@_date: 2014-12-08 18:34:22
Fair enough- Kialara coins look great/ idea great, but private keys still on paper, think they only sell tiny amounts of bitcoin, not sure what systems/ controls they have in place and markup even more?
Most of the feedback we have had (mostly from people who own casascius coins) is the TGBEX coins are by far the nicest out there, but everyone is entitled to their opinion!
All TGBEX coins are limited edition (999 for 0.5btc-5btc, 499 for 10, 20 &amp; 50btc solid silver coins) and individually numbered.
We do hope to reduce prices (issue at the moment is paypal fees make up a large % of markup), but have been struggling to sort out wire transfer &amp; bitcoin payment options (hopefully 1-2 weeks away).
Also hope to open up sales to EU soon as well if we can get the right legal opinions!
@_date: 2014-12-07 14:49:13
CrypVC based in the Isle of Man (almost UK) which has recently launched TGBEX and CrypArt and has plans to launch other products designed to increase bitcoin adoption.
Isle of Man has quite a few companies with coincorner, cryptonext, qwikbit and startups such as deckbound and get credits here (many larger crypto companies looking to relocate there for tax reasons, though unlikely to be more than a name plate)
Issue is UK has almost no market. Bodies setup to promote crypto (e.g. UKDCA/ MDCA) are focussed on legal/ compliance issues, run by people with limited knowledge and setup to serve vested commercial interests.
Arguably half the people involved in crypto in IOM/ UK are doing more harm than good (cointrader and ice3x would be obvious exceptions to this)
Not sure how any exchange can compete with IG Index/ Plus500 offering spreads on BTC, so banking issues are just part of the problem….
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:49:38
have a look at  (twitter 
official launch next week...
@_date: 2015-01-04 12:17:17
Like any commodity it is market driven, but 'hoarding' was what kept the price going up.
Miners increasingly selling btc to cover costs is certainly a major reason.
Trading has to also be a major reason- any movement is exagurated by clients of Plus500, IGIndex and Chinese brokerages looking for a quick profit (arguably 'traders' now control the price).
Rise of altcoins in 2014 has seen many speculators jump ship looking for quick profits via other coin launches.
Perhaps another reason is the rate of merchant adoption vs user adoption - Expedia, MSFT etc is great, but when adoption is tiny and people are being encouraged to 'use' bitcoin, then all of a sudden bitcoins are coming onto the market 'second hand' (via retailers looking to offload).
ie user adoption needs to catch up (think it was mentioned somewhere that bitcoin 'use' now exceeds cash (most of which is stuffed into savings accounts) as a % of total currency in circulation).
@_date: 2015-09-09 17:27:13
To put it a bit more in context, we were discussing bitcoin's 'unfair' image in the mainstream media.
If you want untraceable assets, then a rolex (not bought under real name), diamonds, gold etc (or London property through an offshore holding company!) are more suitable..
Asking someone wanting to buy a 5btc physical bitcoin to undergo similar KYC to someone wanting to invest $100million in a fund or open a bank account, seems excessive (but we have obviously have to abide by local laws).
 
Would be intersting to see what crimes/ deaths have been due to rolexes/ diamonds vs bitcoin though.... (man murdered for $5k rolex would probably not make the news, whereas man mugged for $500 worth of bitcoin would?)
@_date: 2015-09-08 17:47:32
bitcoin has been in the local press on 20-30 occasions over the past 12 months and having 4 ways (including a wood seller I believe) to spend bitcoin is many more than most places, so you have to remember this is a very nascent industry that unfortunately will take decades to (potentially) impact the everyday lives of most people.
There were weekly meetups at Java in Douglas last year demonstrating bitcoin with free wallets/ coffee and meetups at the pigeon still happen occasionally (plus the local coding club which is free has had numerous presentations including on TGBEX)
Phone number for TGBEX is in the local directory under 'bitcoin', we donated the first coin we made to the Douglas museum and there is a coin on display in the craft shop next to the Pigeon, so we do try to do all we can locally (as do Coincorner)
We still try and stock the coffee shop and pub with our chocolate TGBEX promotional coins whenever we can as well!
@_date: 2015-09-08 15:03:32
'Tax-haven' label is a bit harsh (biggest tax havens are Delaware and the UK (just the london property market fueled by the non-dom regime!))
A lot of crypto companies are registered here, so there is growing knowledge and expertise of all professionals which is crucial to establishing a 'hub'
Actually has a stricter compliance regime than anywhere else in the EU currently (we are required to collect KYC/ AML/ verification for any order above €1,000), but much easier, quicker and cheaper to run a company from the island than most places
@_date: 2015-09-08 14:29:59
Not every day you see a physical bitcoin on TV!
Reporters were on the island for too long expecting everyone to be using bitcoin which is not the reality, but they did also produce a more in depth magazine piece on the 'industry' here:
To setup a company, the Isle of Man is an ideal base as it is is cheaper, quicker and easier to get things done
Sure only a few places accept bitcoin, but apart from TGBEX, Coincorner, Deckbound, Pythia, CrypArt it has close links to Prypto, GoCoin and many of the larger exchanges have been here to look at the island (imagine many would have it as a 'back-up' location). Also believe CryptoNext and at least one of the largest miners is registered here.
Government officials, lawyers, tax advisors etc have the experience that is so crucial to establishing a potential 'hub' (to be fair to Bloomberg this would have been hard to fit into a 2min clip and less interesting?)
@_date: 2015-09-06 17:31:01
TGBEX are producing/ selling physical bitcoins in the EU and we take bitcoin via coinbase, paypal or bank transfer.
Unlikely anyone could sell (legally) in the US now due to excessive licensing laws/ costs.
Regulators just see physical bitcoins as someone 'selling bitcoin' so sellers are subject to same laws as exchanges.
TGBEX is subject to local laws in the Isle of Man (planning to apply for a licence this month to meet new laws) and luckily compliance costs are a fraction of what they would be in the US (even here, we probably need to sell extra 30-40 coins this year to cover costs)
Some degree of visibility and accountability is required given the money involved and potential for fraud, but to have to meet the same requirements as exchanges (which have a huge failure/ loss rate and are responsible for custody of customers' bitcoin) seems excessive and makes it tricky for any physical bitcoin seller to operate...
@_date: 2015-11-03 21:06:07
Makes no sense, you are critisizing people not bitcoin.
£ or $ can be used for lots of bad things and is, bitcoin is at least (possibly) traceable and makes wallet owners accountable (bad for terrorists, or politicians?).
yes it makes some cyber crime easier, currently, but if used widely could make a lot more serious crimes less likely?
bitcoin has to develop to become either an anonymous tool or a fully traceable system (tradeoff as both have good and bad implications) just as it has to decide how much it wants to be a store of value vs a payment system.
Hopefully it can walk a fine line in the middle of these examples (and there are many more), to stay flexible and see what unfolds, but imagine everyone involved has their own vision!
@_date: 2015-11-19 15:14:35
When you have bitcoin/ crypto new outlets/ twitter feeds so desperate for attention that they publish anything with 'bitcoin' in it then the whole industry is in danger from itself.
The author who wrote about ISIS having a bitcoin wallet with $20million or $3million in it has admitted the story was fictional, yet newsfeeds everywhere are covered in this cr
No wonder EU/ G7 are sitting up and whilst they are looking for someone/ something to blame, bitcoin is blaiming itself so why not?
Never let the facts get in the way of a good story and who cares about the consequences? (apparently almost noone)
A permanent ledger (the blockchain) of all transactions means terrorrists are always going to prefer cash as a forms of financing, but bitcoin makes an easy scapegoat (especially whilst wannabe reporters just hunt for views rather than real news).
Rant over!
@_date: 2015-11-03 18:58:59
Currencies are manipulated - 'boom and bust' and 'safely' are polar opposites- in a world where everything might be denominated in btc, then it is down to efficiency and meritocracy.
Bitcoin would lead to a steady rise in value of everything to account for natural inflation/ population growth (as its value rises, but prices could remain unchanged).
Greeks might not be able to sell things cheaply (indirectly impoverishing themsleves - eg African minerals) but they would stand on a level playing field with rest of the world (ie everything would have a price in btc).
Bitcoin could not give Greece a boost, but it could give it a fresh start (better than euro debt).
Having it's own currency (which would have collapsed in value and destroyed all local savings) might solve the problem short term, but it would only be a matter of time before government racks up even more debt (eg by wasted military spending or issuing interest to banks) and causes another crash (with mass unemployment and misery for the 99% of people who live there).
@_date: 2015-11-19 15:02:07
appears only available in download from US, but best of luck.
@_date: 2015-11-12 09:32:05
This is why TGBEX was started (first three 1 bitcoins made were for our Founder's children)
For young kids, you have no idea if they are going to be tech savvy enough to operate a complex solution. You also have no idea how compatible a lot of the hardware solutions will be in 10-20 years and even less certainty over which exchanges/ wallets will survive.
By engraving a full, simple private key onto a coin we believe this is as good a solution as anything else out there and relies on noone but the customer to keep it safe.
2FA/ MFA solutions sound good, but ultimately are likely to result in many lost bitcoins and as we always ask people who suggest this, 'what happens if you are run over by a bus tomorrow?' (at best you are relying on third parties and the next-of-kin being bitcoin aware/ savvy)
Of course quantum computing could be a threat (to any solution, not just physical bitcoins), but if bitcoin works and is worth a fortune in the future, then owners would have the funds to hire a future expert to redeem and secure the bitcoins in some futuristic way (maybe something involving gene recognition technology!)
Only currrently available in EU though 
@_date: 2015-11-18 22:04:41
10/10 for effort, but needs some serious editing and would try and find an author to guide you.
Only read the introduction, but to try and provide some constructive critisizm:
Title- should it not be 'An Introduction' and 'What You NEED To Know' might be more engaging?
Book needs to grab a reader straight away, so rather than 'Before you get into bitcoin' how about 'Before you start reading about the revolutionary and fascinating world of bitcoin' or something like that?
Content seems ok, but the accuracy and fluidity seem a bit off (in my personal opinion and might depend on the reader)
Here would be my idea of an introduction (to target newbies as a book rather than a more technical guide):
Before you start reading about the revolutionary and fascinating world of bitcoin, be aware this industry is emerging quicker and is set to impact more parts of everyones lives than arguably any other technology since the invention of steam power or electricity.
The speed at which bitcoin and blockchain technology is immersing itself in international finance, global technology and much, much more is almost impossible to keep up with, but I will do my best to give the reader a taste of what this new technology is and hope to publish further editions to update this saga as it unfolds.
Please be aware if you read this book, you might never think of anything other than bitcoin ever again....
Bitcoin as a nascent industry could be compared to the Wild West, a lawless landscape full of romance, glamour and hope, but also saturated with crooks, testosterone fuelled egos and personalities that make Billy the Kid look like Mother Theresa!
This book draws on my personal experiences in the new world of crypto-currency, haven for scamsters, a new world order devoid of any meaningful regulation, a mecca to wannabe teenage drug lords and a chance to change the world all in one.
I personally got involved in bitcoin due to its investment potential, the promise of untold riches, with respectable figures claiming bitcoins could one day be worth $100,000 or $1million each.
The possibility to disintermediate the banks and brokers, the parasites that have plagued and controlled every aspect of the capitalist world thus far and be able to transact with one another without the commissions and control these parasites hold over every one of us is immensely self-empowering.
However this self empowerment comes at a cost. I have made fortunes and lost them, suffered euphoria and despair in equal measure etc
Guess something like above might undermine the pure scientific credibility of writing about bitcoin (if that is what you hope to achieve), but might make it more readable/ engaging with a bit of 'artistic licence' commentary? (particularly important for an introduction to grab attention and keep someone reading?)
Easy to suggest possible improvements, far harder to write a whole book, so huge credit for doing it- will download the book and try and read it sometime- if you would like any more comments, let me know (but understand if you dont!)
@_date: 2015-11-06 17:39:54
He is already wrong as most governments have regulated it, or are planning to, so they see benefits.
Bitcoin is more a threat to alternative investments, travellers cheques, global remittances and online payment solutions, but increased efficiency brings with it growing savings and potentially increased spending, which benefit GDP.
The countries hostile to bitcoin says a lot about it - Ecuador, Thailand, Russia etc aren't exactly renowned for their openness, media freedom or human rights - let them try and stop it and see where it gets them..
He is a ruthless pariah who was quoted as saying 'bitcoin wants to eat our breakfast, we must not let it' - whilst other banks are opening up and investing in bitcoin, he is now pleading to governments to try and protect his bonus.
Down to politicians who are unfortunately largely funded by the likes of Jamie, but they also are under pressure due to the bailouts/ economic catastrophe of the 'too big to fail' saga and constant reminders of banks being fined for manipulating markets and ignoring compliance/ national laws in the pursuit of profits at any cost.
@_date: 2015-03-18 20:07:20
TGBEX do not keep any record of private keys and generate offline wallets before engraving keys onto metal coins.
Coins are then 'loaded' with bitcoins, so the only way to access them is by importing the private key (hidden under a holographic security sticker) into a new wallet 
For more info see 
@_date: 2015-11-13 20:07:08
We do not track whether coins have been redeemed or not (product is designed for long term storage so would guess most have not been), but one kind customer did let us know it was simple and easy:
@_date: 2015-10-27 12:15:51
To have to set up an account with an exchange, then setup a mobile wallet (and have to worry about the security of that wallet, backing it up etc) is a lot of hassle.
If in the EU, TGBEX offer a very simple solution in the form of physcial bitcoins- if looking to purchase 1 bitcoin this can be done in 5 minutes and a coin (offline wallet) loaded with bitcoins can be purchased on our website (
Of course you pay a premium for this, but you also have a unique coin and full control of your bitcoin (private key).
@_date: 2015-02-25 17:51:58
Ultimately NASCasino are giving away something that costs far more...
If you dont want to sign up/ deposit a tiny amount to try out their games (which is after all why people run promotions), then you dont have to take part!
If you dont have 0.001 btc and asked nicely/ showed some support for startups trying to run a promotion, imagine one of us would tip you this amount!
Our partners at crypart are giving away a free picture that you dont have to sign up to/ deposit anything/ get out of bed for (!) if it really bugs you that much:
@_date: 2015-02-27 01:15:47
Liberty's only hope