@_author: tgeller
@_date: 2014-06-25 20:34:28
Thanks so much! How unexpected! This is the first time I've ever gotten a cryptocurrency tip. :)
@_date: 2014-06-25 05:34:37
Eek! The video is completely different, but lynda.com chose an unfortunate freezeframe. I'm writing to them right now to get it changed -- I'm hoping that happens very soon, because the current error looks really bad. Thanks for pointing this out.
@_date: 2014-06-25 14:58:56
You can get a trial week for free (but have to give a credit card number). There's a link in the right column of [my website]( labeled "FREE 7-day pass (requires credit card)".
(I get referral money if you eventually sign up as a paying customer. There might be a non-affiliate link somewhere on the lynda.com site as well, but I don't know where it is.)
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:00:45
Nerd. ;)
@_date: 2014-06-25 05:06:40
Hi, gang. I'm Tom Geller, the author of this course. I'm not active on Reddit (as my profile makes clear), but I'll keep an eye on this discussion and answer relevant (reasonable, non-trolly) questions. Keep in mind that I'm a freelance author: I don't represent lynda.com.
Here's the story of how the course came to be. As cyber_numismatist noted, I started doing Drupal courses for lynda.com back in 2008. That's been a great experience for me, both in terms of working with lynda.com and being part of the Drupal community. (I'd been involved in other open-sourcish projects before; I was most active around 1995-2002.)
But I also wanted to do business courses, and so did "Freelancing Fundamentals" and "Writing Articles" for them. At the same time, I was writing for [a variety of magazine and corporate clients]( One of those clients, Communications of the ACM, assigned me to write about potential government regulation of Bitcoin: [That article]( came out in May 2013. 
(Side note: I had been aware of Bitcoin earlier (early 2012, maybe?), but (a) lacked the technical wherewithal to get into it, and (b) was disgusted that it was already apparent that miners were going to game the system. And I'd seen lots of other virtual currencies come and go -- Cybergold, Flooz, Beenz, various stock schemes.... Ah, well, I bet wrong this time around.)
Anyway. The 2013 article, and a trip to the San Jose Bitcoin conference that happened while I was writing it (and happened to be in the Bay Area) got me interested again. Eventually I proposed the course to lynda.com, and they took it!
I look forward to seeing the reaction -- moreso *outside* of the Bitcoin community than inside it. That's one thing about lynda.com courses: They reach people who otherwise would have no "in" with a technical subculture. The questions I get in response to my Drupal courses seem to bear that out. (I think that Drupal, like Bitcoin, is a lot harder for beginners to get into than those in the community would like to believe.)
I guess this is now an AMA! ;)
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:01:09
Help, help, I'm being oppressed!
@_date: 2014-06-25 15:11:06
Thanks for getting this started, David. (Fair notice: He did some tech editing and "reality check" work on this course. :) ) Responding:


Honestly, I don't have an expert opinion yet, because I haven't started getting feedback for the course. I'd guess that the two biggest questions are "how" (do I get started) and "why" (shoud I bother). I'm a big fan of companies like Coinbase that make the "how" easier. The "why", frankly, is still unclear for most people. Bitcoin's "killer app" still hasn't emerged.


Wow, there were several things that ended up being harder than expected. I think the hardest video to write was the "Examining threats to the bitcoin economy" one. It could go in SO many directions... it was hard to keep it focused, balanced, and reasonably concise. (It still clocks in at over six minutes.)


A good question. I have to say that the Bitcoin community has done an above-average at putting out consumer-level information -- the videos, the shopping directories, etc.. The biggest gap now, I think, is *cultural*. People communicate best with those in their peer groups, and Bitcoin is still, by and large, stuck in geek culture. 
I think the solution is *not* for geeks to try to create materials outside that culture -- you end up with something akin to those embarrassing anti-drug rap videos that came out in the '80s. ;) Rather, continue to network with interested people who are strong in other cultures. That work has already begun, but it's harder than most people -- technologists especially -- realize.
Thanks for asking!
@_date: 2014-06-25 05:18:28
Thanks for your kind compliment!
@_date: 2014-06-25 14:55:19


Good on you for being wary. :) You've spurred me to do something I should have done a long time ago: Post a confirming message on my website. Here you go:
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:16:16
They fixed it. Thanks again, blesoer.
@_date: 2014-06-25 05:12:37
I (the course's author) take Bitcoin. 1NPr4oPmJ7TPB4WeJmp4iukahAqhyRQYKw 
That doesn't get you the course, though... just my thanks. ;)
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:03:45
I've pointed my contacts there at this thread. I'm hopeful they will, too.
lynda.com admins who are reading this, I'll happily consult with you pro bono to help make this happen. :)
@_date: 2014-06-25 17:04:50
Hi, Aahzmundus. Thanks SO MUCH for putting in the time and thought to make these critiques! I won't respond to them individually, because I agree with many of them -- and my disagreements are (I think) issues of judgment, not fact.
I *do* regret the whole iOS business... but also knew going into it that this would be a course where some information would be obsoleted quickly, just because the Bitcoin ecosystem is still changing so much, and so fast. I'd love to see this course do well enough for lynda.com to consider updating it with a "Bitcoin 2015" course (or similar). :) That's their decision, of course, and I trust them. They've always done right by me. 
Historically, lynda.com does updates sparingly. It's an issue they face constantly -- remember, most of their courses are about software. What happens when the software changes, as it often does? Are the changes big enough to merit flying in the author? (Lynda.com courses are mostly recorded in their studios in Carpinteria, California, with Producers and Engineers and all that.) Has the course been popular enough to justify the expense of updating? Should we wait for the next major version update instead? And so forth. Tough questions.
Oh, O.K., a couple of specific comments:
* I'm personally irritated by the iOS situation. Don't get me started about Apple....
* I stand by my statement that web wallets are insecure. (Did I use that word? Whatever.) Of the half-billion dollars of bitcoin lost so far, nearly all was being held in web wallets. They might not *by nature* be insecure... but at this point, and until there's real recourse for people who lose money through web wallets, they are *de facto* bad places to keep your money.
Again, I really appreciate your critiques, and take them to heart. Thanks again.