@_author: th3yc3b
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:49:54


Except Reddit is not filled by "experts" lmfao.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:47:30
Not a savage takedown at all. More like a redditor who has put their thinking cap on but are missing out on crucial parts of knowledge or had a lack of consideration for a fuller ranger of variables.
1. Nothing is inherently easy to use and understood by everyone when first introduced. Take the computer for example. Do most people know how computers are built from the lowest abstractions? Probably not. But as the generations grow up with computers they start learning the patterns. In the case of Bitcoin this will only be more likely as it rests on a lower level than computers. Takeaway: Bitcoin is still young but eventually we become 'easy' to use and 'understood' by everyone.
2. You're completely neglecting the fact that inflation used under certain circumstances can be used to "disappear" money within banks. In a much more clever and stealthy manner I might add. What's actually more interesting is that in the case of Bitcoin, the 'value' in the sense of Bitcoin does not disappear (21 million). Whereas in the case of USD and most fiat-currencies... it does due to inflation. 1 Bitcoin stolen = 1 Bitcoin still. 1 USD inflated != non-inflated 1 USD.
3. Misunderstanding how decentralization and how decentralization layers instead of a full on decentralization scheme is a good technical solution. Lightning provides acts as a merchant layer. It's important to consider it under that perspective.
4. Really? "Nobody" wants to buy pizzas with Bitcoin? Come on... there's a meme that proves this to be false. Is there regret? Yea, but this is the whole thing people don't get. There aren't that many Bitcoin whales out there. Those who are whales and held did their duty and deserve their reward.
5. Right... let's be realistic here. Sitting cash is a liability because of inflation. That pretty much disproves your entire point. You get to choose between various assets (i.e investments) which Bitcoin can be (Bitcoin has multiple attributes, fuck off with the labeling autism)... in the end of the day... you don't hear USD millionaires and billionaires talking about how much liquid cash they have. When they buy something... guess what? They take up a loan through their assets. They have assets instead of cash liabilities because that's how this current economic system works. What you're essentially arguing is that it makes more sense to let your money sit in a bank and decay. While this is a viable strategy under certain circumstances... good luck growing your wealth.
6. Bitcoin isn't denominated by BTC/USD. Take a look at any exchange and you'll realize that is not true. Is it the most common way to compare the change in its value? Yea... why? Because when you seek to compare differences... you need relativity.
And this guy got gilded. Proves OP's point on a different level. Stupidity is everywhere with the stupid actually believing they're smart.