@_author: thaigerforce
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:36:55
Giancarlo said “We owe it to this generation to embrace and protect their enthusiasm in respect to cryptocurrency”. 
And  that other senator said he invested in mobile phones in the 80s and that’s how he became rich and he said he thinks cryptocurrency will be even more transformational than both mobile phones and wireless technology. That’s a huge endorsement.
@_date: 2018-02-25 08:57:30
US government essentially endorsed cryptocurrency a few weeks ago. US government is, surprisingly, extremely bullish on crypto. We had senators on live television saying crypto is bigger than wireless and cellular technology. One senator said he made his fortune investing in mobile tech in the 80s and that he believes  cyrpto is like that but bigger. These are US Senators. They never say stuff like this. The fact that they did is HUGE. What rock have you been living under? China will be next to endorse crypto and then watch NEO and VeeeChayne rocket to the next dimension.
@_date: 2018-02-14 04:33:36
America has spread deep into the roots of every country in the world. I’m an American that lives in Thailand. I have my own company here and employ hundreds of Thai engineers.I also freelance for many companies in America. The reason I'm able to do that is because of my amazing country that has provided me with every possible advantage in life. Don't get me wrong, I make fun of America all the time, I think it is in a terrible state with Trump, and I was happy to leave the US for Thailand ( Thailand rocks man ) but I will never ever forget all that my country has done for me. It has done so very much for me. I have extreme loyalty to my country and if my country ever needs my help, I will be there to have its back without even flinching. I will happily leave my plush life in Thailand and go to battle for the USA if it ever needs me. The USA has loyal soldiers ( and I've never been in the army or anything close to that )  like me planted all over the universe. People forget this about America. They fail to see America's global empire and the loyalty it's citizens have towards it. Every big American company that you can think of has an office here in Bangkok, Ho Chi Minh, Manila, Shang Hai etc... You name it, America is there. And these companies not only employ Americans but they are hugely responsible for driving the international job market as well. If these companies collapse with America, adios to everything pretty much. This is what a lot of people don’t understand. America has been more interested in expanding its empire globally than it has been in taking care of it’s own people at home. Why do you think I legally don’t have to pay taxes on my first $104k? Why does the FEIE ( Foreign Earned income exclusion ) even exist? Because America is happy to give tax free life as a reward to anyone spreading the American way abroad. It's the least the country can do. And this is exactly why Trump won! Because domestic Americans are finally catching a whiff of the hard reality that the US government doesn't care about them as much as it does people like me. Because I am the future. In 2025, it is predicted that something like 85% of jobs in America will be freelance ( which means you can live anywhere in the world to do your work for America ). This is the future and what America is invested in at its core. 
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:50:15
Big difference in the source of the funding in dot.com vs crypto and Pets.com was run by a bunch of complete morons. There are plenty of blue chip cryptos out there with amazing teams and advisors behind them ( VEN, AMB, ENG, AST, QASH, ICX ) to name a few diamonds in the rough with huge potential. You either believe in blockchain tech or you don't. If you believe in it, there is blood in the streets so BUY BUY BUY ( And apparently the US government does too  )
"Despite its success in building brand recognition, it was uncertain whether a substantial market niche existed for Pets.com.[5] No independent market research preceded the launch of Pets.com.[5] During its first fiscal year (February to September 1999) Pets.com earned revenues of $619,000, yet spent $11.8 million on advertising.[5] Pets.com lacked a workable business plan and lost money on nearly every sale because, even before the cost of advertising, it was selling merchandise for approximately one-third the price it paid to obtain the products.[5] Pets.com tried to build a customer base by offering discounts and free shipping, but it was impossible to turn a profit while absorbing the costs of shipping for heavy bags of cat litter and cans of pet food within a business field whose conventional profit margins are only two to four percent.[5][6] The company hoped to shift customers into higher-margin purchases, but customer purchasing patterns failed to change and during its second fiscal year the company continued to sell merchandise for approximately 27% less than cost, so the dramatic rise in sales during Pets.com's second fiscal year only hastened the firm's demise.[5]
By the fall of 2000, and in light of the venture capital situation after the bursting of the dot-com bubble, the Pets.com management and board realized that they would not be able to raise further capital. They aggressively undertook actions to sell the company. PetSmart offered less than the net cash value of the company, and Pets.com's board turned down that offer (PetSmart would later buy a more successful version of Pets.com in 2017 called Chewy). The company announced they were closing their doors on the afternoon of November 6, 2000, mere hours before the 2000 United States presidential election. Pets.com stock had fallen from its IPO price of $11 per share in February 2000[7] to $0.19 the day of its liquidation announcement. At its peak, the company had 320 employees, of which 250 were employed in the warehouses across the U.S. While the offer from PetSmart was declined, some assets, including its domain, were sold to PetSmart."
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:42:38
John D Rockefeller, the world’s richest man in the late 1800s
“The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.”
@_date: 2018-02-21 00:56:30
I went to college in La Jolla. Half the homes there were purchased with drug money so I'm not surprised: La Jolla is essentially owned by the Medellin and Mexican cartels.
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:01:13
What a buzzkill that Elizabeth Warren is. Getting my moon helmet on regardless.
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:09:01
100k EOY sustained is unlikely but based on non-linear regression charts  that have been floating around for half a decade, we'll close out the year between 40 and 50k. It could spike to 100k during December, then crash down again to 40k beginning of 2019. Or it could go the other direction. But 50k or 100k EOY is not as far fetched as it sounds.  The graph below called Bitcoin around 10k at the beginning of 2018 4 years out so say what you will but there is some truth to this chart in my opinion.[Bitcoin to 1 million]( 
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:57:01
Mehhhhhh who cares. Law of gravity states that what goes down must go back up!! 
“The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets.” 
—John D Rockefeller, the world’s richest man in the late 1800s
@_date: 2018-02-13 16:28:28
My wife just made a purchase online today using 6.5 Ethereum. I was shocked because I only just set her up with a bx.in.th trading account two months ago. There were two reasons why she chose Ethereum  1) 25% discount from seller and 2) fast. The only other option was to pay with Western Union which requires a bit of effort and waiting and fees. And of course she chose Ethereum over Bitcoin because of the low transaction fees and speed of transaction. But my point is, if my wife ( who isn't a technical person ) is making purchases online for her business with cryptocurrrency ( and without my help or recommendation ) , well , that's a very good sign.
@_date: 2018-02-14 04:58:53
Yeah my point is that if the US collapses, everything else will collapse with it and then we're talking end of days scenario. US is so economically intertwined with everyone that it's in everyone's best interest to keep the USA pumping hard. This is the ultimate survival mechanism. Form symbiotic relationships around the world to make it impossible for anyone to attack you. Russia is an isolationist country that was only interested in world domination and, like the Germans, promoting what it believed was a superior race of people. It's like Russia still doesn't get why the USA has absolutely pile drived them into the next dimension of reality. Russia is exclusive. USA is inclusive: it rewards all genetic talent regardless of race or heritage.
@_date: 2018-02-07 16:08:03
100k EOY sustained is unlikely but based on non-linear regression charts  that have been floating around for half a decade, we'll close out the year between 40 and 50k. It could spike to 100k during December, then crash down again to 40k beginning of 2019. Or it could go the other direction. But 50k or 100k EOY is not as far fetched as it sounds.  The graph below called Bitcoin around 10k at the beginning of 2018 4 years out so say what you will but there is some truth to this chart in my opinion.[Bitcoin to 1 million]( 
@_date: 2018-02-12 15:58:34
That's actually true. Watch Middle Men. Those guys had invented PayPal long before PayPal stole the idea. Porn industry is light years ahead of the tech industry. Just look at the cutting edge stuff they're doing with VR. Porn industry will be the first to have a major breakthrough in AI as well. Porn is deep into biotech and DNA reprogramming as well. The financial incentives are just massive in porn so they're able to pay the big bucks to hire the most talented engineers. If crypto can pay engineers like the porn industry does than we should expect big things in the crypto space. To predict the future, follow the engineering talent. Where the talent is going is what will likely succeed and where you should invest.
@_date: 2018-02-14 01:27:59
There is no way that USD is collapsing in our lifetimes. It's just not going to happen man. If that happened, it would be the end of the world. We would quickly move into a Dog Eats Dog society where "true" survival of the fittest reared its ugly head for the first time in centuries. The weak would no longer be protected under the diaphanous veil of law as law of the jungle would prevail. Trust me, as a Bitcoin HODLer, the last thing you want is for the US government to fail. The future success of crypto hinges on the success of the US government, arguably the only government that matters on Earth. I currently live in Thailand and just by living here, it is so clear the massive influence that the US has here in Thailand and around the world. Everything this banana republic has is because of the US injecting billions into this country every year since the war on communism began many decades ago. If anything were to ever happen to America, Thailand would collapse as well. It would be 100x worse in Thailand. And Thailand was never even colonized by the US. Imagine what would happen to countries that have been colonized by the US like The Philippines etc... People that bash the US and think it could collapse are completely delusional. It's like they think all that America owns is the United States lol. America owns virtually every country on Earth but perhaps China. But even that's arguable.  I know people will say what are you talking about, "China is the most powerful country in the world". Lol, if you actually believe that, it just shows how little you know. All I can say is DYOR. Hoping that USD will collapse is definitely not a good reason for buying cryptocurrrency. Because it isn't happening. They will print monopoly money for eternity and there is nothing you can do about it because you're late to the game. That said, I highly recommend you buy as much cryptocurrrency as you can possibly afford ( particularly the alts with strong engineering teams behind them).
@_date: 2018-02-06 16:03:24
What a buzzkill that Elizabeth Warren is. Getting my moon helmet on regardless. This is good news. Giancarlo is the man.
@_date: 2018-02-19 02:00:30
Exactly. What about the person that bought $400 million worth of Bitcoin the other day? Wouldn't this person be able to manipulate things?
@_date: 2018-04-23 08:57:54
A crypto atm would be super useful here in Thailand. Getting my bitcoin to cash without red flagging governments to pay taxes is the problem. In Thailand, you are now automatically reported to the Thai government if you have more than 1 million baht in transactions per year in your bank account ( which includes all bank accounts associated with your trading accounts ). Not for holding more than 1 million baht. For transacting more than 1 million baht. This isn’t much. Like $30k. If I could go up to an atm and anonymously convert all my bitcoin into cash and then move the cash to my Singapore bank account, that would be amazing. Trying to figure out the best way to do this without getting flagged. Anyone got any ideas that do not involve buying large chunks of real estate with bitcoin? Not quite ready to go that route. 
One thing I’m trying to do is set up a Singapore trading account via Coinhako so that I connect to my Singapore bank account. But so far, have not been able to get verified.
@_date: 2018-04-28 00:40:08
It’s completely inaccurate to assume that only losers surf Reddit. Reddit is a great source of both a ) information and b) comedy. I mean who actually reads things like the New York Times anymore? You’d be surprised how many successful people read and even contribute to Reddit. Being rich is not all that it’s cracked up to be. You get bored after a while. Sort of like how Hawaii gets old after week two. And you can’t wait to return home to the things you used to do: like trolling on Reddit. People are creatures of habit. Trust me, I guarantee you that many of the multi-millionaire CEOs in Silicon Valley read Reddit before bed. They might be rich but they’re still nerds at heart,
One of my closest friends became a tech billionaire and I’m always shocked by how often he posts on Facebook and Reddit. It’s like all I’m thinking is “Dam, all that money and you must be bored and lonely as hell”.