@_author: thalguy
@_date: 2018-01-01 23:34:08


This isn't entirely true.
Ross was ultimately convicted for selling drugs.
The murders/attempted murders, were considered in his sentencing.
@_date: 2018-01-01 23:38:35


Mark Force wasn't a FBI agent, he was a DEA agent.
@_date: 2017-05-22 23:01:34
I provided links to a court document.  If you have a link to a document where the judge shot down that line of questioning I'm open to reading it. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 21:03:57


What are you basing this off of?  The corrupt investigators are, and were, pieces of shit.  The work they did was not used in trial, and Ulbricht's defense team did not provide any evidence that either of them had motive or the means to frame him.


For example, after being told that cyanide was “the most well known assassination suicide [sic] poison out there,” Ulbricht allowed vendors to sell it on Silk Road despite its singular, deadly purpose. 
I'd say that is morally wrong.  
As far as the hits, you either believe that he was DPR, and therefore ordered the hits, or he wans't DPR at all.   I believe the evidence thoroughly shows that he was DPR and therefore ordered the hits.  


There are chat transcripts, journal entries, and bitcoin transactions.  Seems proven beyond a reasonable doubt to me. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:12:18
You are right, he was not convicted of murder.  However, his attempt to have people murdered was factored into his sentencing. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 23:44:56
The appellate court addressed that.  Although they don't believe making an example of someone is an effective tool, there isn't a legal challenge to what she did, and found that she gave an appropriate sentence based on the totality of the crimes and evidence. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 00:40:56
Are you alleging that the transcript is falsafied? If not, what are your allegations?
What, specifically, do you think the government did that was illegal?  
What do you think Ross' involvement was with Silk Road?
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:13:56
I believe that Ulbricht received a fair trial.  The evidence submitted has been vetted and found to be accurate.  
You have presented nothing other than your own vague suspicions. 
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:42:38
Do you believe Ross Ulbricht was the person behind these messages?




I hate to come to you with a problem when we are just starting to get to know one another, but Blake (FriendlyChemist) is causing me problems. Are you still looking for him or now that you’ve found Xin have you given up? I would like to put a bounty on his head if it’s not too much trouble for you. What would be an adequate amount to motivate you to find him?


@_date: 2017-05-31 21:05:46
I think it's a combination of things.  People, myself included, are sick of the failing war on drugs.  Ross tried, at least initially, to find a way to defeat that.  So he is somewhat of hero.  He also looks like a nice person and a lot of people had good things to say about him.  The judge read every letter that was submitted on his behalf, some of them twice, and was moved by them.  Lastly, he looks like a harmless person and people think all he did was "run a server".  
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:14:08
Well I just finished reading the 139 page [court decision]( so I feel confident that I know some things.  Probably more than most in this thread. . 
@_date: 2017-05-22 23:58:34
How is reading a government transcript "listening to the government"?  That's as objective a document as you can get, and it won't be subjected to to Lyn's bias or gaps in memory.
The government obviously wanted to prosecute Ross for this.  I don't dispute that.  No one should dispute that.  If they didn't want to prosecute him there wouldn't be a trial.
WRT to Ross walking away, he may not have had that chance.  He doesn't dispute creating Silk Road, which in and of itself would be a prosecutable offense.  It's hard to see someone walking away when they admit to a crime. 
Why do you hold Lyn up in such high regard but seemingly have no use for the court documents, which contain essentially every word uttered in the trial?  If you thought the trial was invalid you could have, and should have, combed through the transcript to find sections that could be argued in an appeal.
I'm no fan of the drug war either, and I think it is a modern tragedy that has negatively impacted the United States since it's inception.  It is a tool used by the government to control undesirables and especially minorities.  This has been the case since the first anti-marijuana law back in the 20s all the way through today.  
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:42:46
That's not what happened in this instance either.
The judge has the ability to adjust the offense level if the court finds there was a directed use of violence.  From the sentencing transcript:




@_date: 2017-05-31 20:25:49
Yeah, 30 years would be better than a life sentence.  I'm not sure why he thought he would get away with this.  He was caught red handed with overwhelming amounts of information. Things he used to protect himself, like the PGP key, ended up hanging him. 
I think he got overly confident in himself. 
@_date: 2017-05-22 22:11:47
The fact that he tried to have people murdered was factored into his sentencing though:




@_date: 2017-05-31 21:21:42
You should take the time and read the appellate court decision.  They cover all of this.  Some key parts:




why” the Force investigation could “counter the government’s case or bolster a
defense.” Id. at 697. page 73


manufactured any of the evidence on which the government relied at trial, let
alone the most damning evidence discovered on the hard drive on Ulbricht’s
laptop and at his apartment. page 74




@_date: 2017-05-31 20:18:53
The appeals court considered the behavior of the two investigators and covered that thoroughly.  Zero, or close to zero, evidence that provided was used in the trial. 
I don't recall seeing anything about Force convincing Ross to put a hit on the mod. In fact, the courts show:
to the criminal complaint against the corrupt officers, after Bridges, using Flush’s
account, stole $350,000 in Bitcoin in January 2013, **DPR recruited Nob (Force) to
kill Flush as punishment for the theft**. DPR paid Nob $80,000 to carry out the
murder, which Force faked to make Ulbricht believe that the task was complete.
[Source]( footnote on page 19. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:26:11
The judge ruled that wasn't pertinent to the case.  The appeals court agreed with her.  The courts don't get everything right, but Ross was given his chances and failed.  Perhaps his lawyer didn't do a good job, I don't know, but his arguments were apparently not compelling. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 22:00:00


IMO this is a terrible argument. For one, I didn't call him evil.  I said he did something that was morally wrong.  Secondly, I still recognize a difference between military action and a person poisoning another individual.


There is zero evidence to support that he was setup by federal agents or other admins, and there is strong evidence to support that he was DPR. That equals beyond a reasonable doubt.


That's only been acknowledged by defenders of Ulbricht, and not proven by Ulbricht or his defense team.


Yes, three pieces of evidence.  The journal entry was on his personal laptop.  The bitcoins were transferred from wallets stored on his personal laptop, and finally the chat logs.  That is solid evidence.


There are multiple pieces of evidence that show he was DPR.  Including being logged in as DPR on his laptop when arrested, journal entries on his laptop where he bragged about being DPR, written documents found in his home that matched entries posted as DPR, as well as him trying to cover his tracks by telling his friend Richard Bates, that he sold the site but later saying:  




So you are now a handwriting expert and could prove that his journal entry was written and not forged?


It wasn't deca-millions at the time.  Far from it.  WRT to the agencies being embarrassed, yes, it looked terrible.  That's why the evidence that submitted was not used in trial and they were tried, convicted, and sent to prison.


It could have been compromised.  There is no evidence that suggests it was compromised.  
@_date: 2017-05-23 01:34:17


If you believe this, than his guilty of a number of serious crimes.  Crimes which would surely land him in prison.  Agree or disagree?


What evidence do you have to support either one of those ideas?  


What page of the court transcript shows support for either of those ideas?


What do you expect this unreleased information to contain to support Ross' innocence?
Do you believe the uncaptured staff framed Ross?  Or that one of them is the real DPR?  What are you basing that on?


In your first sentence in this post you admitted that Ross created Silk Road.  Later you said you think he "consulted and helped" with the website.  So you don't believe his involvement was limited to one line of code, do you?
@_date: 2017-05-22 23:29:41
I don't want to listen to Lyn Ulbricht, as she is guaranteed to be a biased source of information.
I also find it incredibly lazy for you to make claims about the case but not be willing to post any supporting documentation.  For the record I have found a complete transcript of the case and I am reading it now. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:09:59
You and I discussed this in another thread.  I believe that he was behind those chat logs, therefore I believe he tried to have him murdered.  You provided zero compelling evidence that he wasn't responsible for the chat.  His defense attorney provided zero evidence he wasn't responsible for the chat.  I read the information available on his website and that provided zero evidence he wasn't responsible for the chat.
Basically his defense amounts to, "Ross wouldn't do that, he was a good person".  
@_date: 2017-05-31 23:43:43
Yes, I think it matters.  So did the first judge and the appellate court. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 18:04:23
Well I agree with them.  I think a life sentence for drug trafficking,sales,etc, is overly harsh.  However, Ulbricht did try, maybe successfully, to have people murdered.  I think that deserves a long sentence. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 21:06:06
Yes, and yes.  
Edit:  I would not agree with a life sentence if he had only run an online marketplace.  A much lesser sentence would have been sufficient.  I think he was offered 30 years in a plea bargain.  I think that would be too long. 
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:54:13
Although six months seems light for plotting someone's murder, you don't see a difference between plotting someone's murder but not taking action, and paying to have someone killed on three separate occasions?  Ross was given "evidence" that one of the hits was carried out and then commissioned that same person to carry out more hits.
@_date: 2017-05-31 21:33:00




So you have a personal journal entry, a chat log, and proof of bitcoin transfers that equal the amounts he said he would pay, and you don't think that is enough evidence because "his language use was very different"?


His defense provided zero proof that the corrupt agents had the ability to spoof DPRs account or communicate on his behalf.


Yes, only the three times he tried to pay to have people killed and sent money to have them killed.


What evidence is unreliable and what was contaminated?


The prosecution did not need those murders to hammer Ross.  There is still an open trial for his murder for hire schemes, but it is a state trial and will not take place as long as Ross laready has a life sentence.


I disagree.  It's fairly straight forward in the federal sentencing guidelines.


I don't believe he personally killed anyone, but he tried to have people killed, and drugs sold on his marketplace did lead to people dying, one of which was conclusively proven.


This is factually incorrect:  
in 2010 Ulbricht began to grow hallucinogenic
mushrooms to sell on the site “for cheap to get people interested.” page 15.


He created a market place to sell drugs.  He skimmed a profit from that.  He laundered the money from that.  He paid to have people killed to protect it.  
@_date: 2017-05-31 20:23:52
I'm not sure what you are confused about.  This isn't a court of law, this is conversation.
WRT to the trial the prosecution provided overwhelming evidence that Ross was DPR.  Including:
Ulbricht was arrested in a San Francisco public library on October 1, 2013, after the government had amassed significant evidence identifying him as Dread Pirate Roberts. The arrest was successfully orchestrated to catch Ulbricht in the act of administering Silk Road as DPR. Federal agents observed Ulbricht enter 12 the public library, and a few minutes later Dread Pirate Roberts came online in the Silk Road staff chat. Der-Yeghiayan, under the undercover administrator username Cirrus, initiated a chat with DPR, asking him to go to a specific place on the Silk Road site to address some flagged messages from users. DerYeghiayan reasoned that this would “force [Ulbricht] to log in under . . . his Dread Pirate Roberts account” in the Silk Road marketplace, as well as in the staff chat software. Tr. 331-32. Once Der-Yeghiayan knew that DPR had logged onto the flagged message page in the marketplace, he signaled another agent to effect the arrest. Ulbricht was arrested, and incident to that arrest agents seized his laptop. The same chat that Der-Yeghiayan had initiated with Dread Pirate Roberts a few minutes earlier was open on Ulbricht’s screen. Ulbricht also visited the flagged post in the marketplace that Der-Yeghiayan (as Cirrus) had asked DPR to look at during their chat. While he was chatting with Cirrus, moreover, Ulbricht had accessed Silk Road by using the “Mastermind” page. That page was available only to Dread Pirate Roberts.
In order to assure users that posts purporting to be authored by DPR were indeed his own, DPR authenticated his posts using an electronic signature known as a PGP key. Silk Road users had access to a public PGP key, and DPR had a  private PGP key that he alone could use to sign his Silk Road posts. When DPR signed a post using his private key, Silk Road users could run the code in the public key, and if the post was signed with the correct private key the user would receive a message that the authentication was successful. The government recovered DPR’s private PGP key on Ulbricht’s laptop. Importantly, the public PGP key did not change during the site’s life span, meaning that DPR used the same private key to sign his posts throughout the time that he administered Silk Road.
A search of Ulbricht’s home yielded additional evidence linking him with the site. That evidence included two USB hard drives with versions of documents related to Silk Road that were also stored on Ulbricht’s laptop. There were also  handwritten notes crumpled in Ulbricht’s bedroom trash can about ideas for improving Silk Road’s vendor rating system—an initiative that Dread Pirate Roberts had just revealed through a post in a discussion forum on the site.
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:29:36
I'll admit I don't know anything about Colson, but he sounds like an authoritarian piece of shit. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 21:19:10


Yes, cyanide's purpose is for murder.  I doubt people were going through the trouble of purchasing cyanide off of the dark net for killing rats.  Additionally, Ross was told, specifically, that it was to be used for assassinations. 


I don't see any reason to believe there are multiple DPRs.  Ulbricht provided zero evidence to support that idea.  It's no different than any other criminal saying it wasn't me.
He wrote in a journal, on his laptop, that he paid to have people killed.
The bitcoin wallet, on his computer, shows logs that matchup to other dates showing he paid to have people killed.
There are chat logs showing him arrange the hits.
Where is the reasonable doubt?


No, we are not in agreement that there is reasonable doubt.  Dragons could exist, but there is no evidence to suggest that they do.


I don't believe you are correct with regard to Carl Force handling any of the hits.  There were three occasions where Ross tried to have people killed.  The first one was mentioned in a chat, in past tense.  The second occasion was where he tried to have one of the mods killed.  The third was where he tried to have a seller and his three roommates killed.  
Force wasn't tied to any of those usernames.  If you can find evidence in the court transcript or the appellate court review please post it here so I can read it.  
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:45:47
I don't have the ruling in front of me.  IIRC, they said that their is considerable doubt that making an example of someone works. However, the judge cannot be faulted for following sentencing guidelines and that they  have a congressional mandate to make an example of someone. 
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:28:54
I don't think the DEA or any other federal agency believes they are winning this war or controlling shit.  In the past the DEA and federal prosecutors have guesstimated that they stop less than 10% of shipments coming across the border.  
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:32:44
I don't agree with a thirty or forty year sentence.
If all he did was setup an online marketplace I'd like to see him get less than 30.
Since he tried to have so many people murdered he deserves more than 30 to 40.  I wouldn't want another individual who had tried to have six people killed on three separate occasions freed from prison.  
@_date: 2017-06-01 20:26:32
It's a really interesting case.  