@_author: thanatopsisjsh
@_date: 2016-04-25 14:19:49
Finally... After Kraken continuously claiming to be licensed and simply not fulfilling the criteria someone actually made it. At least now Bitcoin can finally be legally traded in the EU instead of in a grey area with funds held up, etc...
@_date: 2018-05-14 17:56:06
Yes, it is a local interbank settlement system but SWIFT is one very specific such system. From what I can see from the Article it works more like the European target system than like SWIFT.
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:16:51
In the EU, there are several EU directives covering payment services, banking, money transfer services, etc. All of these directives do not have direct force of law. These directives have to be converted into local law by the respective governments. This local law sometimes deviates in small details of wording from the EU directives but is usually pretty consistent across the EU.
One of the directives [DIRECTIV2004/39/EC]( also called the MiFiD directive requires anyone who opens a "multilateral market" for the trading of financial instruments (and similar products) to register. Now as of now it is unclear whether BitCoin Trading will fall under this case in the local laws in all EU countries.
In Germany, the local banking regulator (the BaFin) has already stated, that a market like this requires regulatory approval. You can get around this by doing your business as a "contractually bound agent" of someone who actually has such a license. But then you have to register as well.
Everyone who is registered would be in the databases I quoted.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:15:13
Not really... Most of our work (even in audit) is very very hard to automate.
That is obviously very different for staff accountants doing manual journal entries and check entries, etc. Those jobs are getting more and more automated every year. that is more of a general trend though. In the end, from an accounting perspective, Bitcoin is just another way to make payments and hold value. it has a lot of interesting aspects but someone will always have to reconcile the wallet balances against the accounting ledgers...
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:20:06
No comment ;-)
the article doesn't really contain much data. We havn't seen Bitcoin on any engagements yet so it's mostly about the current state of regulations and to get people to notice the need to think about it.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:14:29
The only other exchange that I know that is fully compliant right now (at least in a western country) is bitcoin.de. They actually partnered with a bank and are therefore covered by their banking license.
On the other hand... It is quite hard for bitstamp to be compliant in the UK as their is currently no guidance at all on how to be compliant for a bitcoin exchange in the UK. Although following stringent AML and KYC procedures is a step in the right direction.
@_date: 2018-05-14 17:27:10
SPEI has nothing to do with Swift. While they are similar things they work differently, are organized differently and are run by different independent organizations.
Saying SPEI is like Swift is like saying Bitcoin is like Ethereum. Yes, similar but definitely not the same.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:25:45
Making it clear in the TOS would be a nice possibility as well. Transparency in this is important if consumers are supposed to make an informed choice. On the other hand, there will have to be regulation forcing exchanges to tell consumers this in their TOS, regulation that forces them to do it in a way consumers understand and not hidden away as white text on a white background. then someone has to come in and audit the exchanges on whether they follow those rules. Otherwise the shady exchanges will simply lie about it.
So you see, even if there are only guidelines. regulation will be necessary to ensure that the information provided to consumers is truthful.
@_date: 2014-02-17 07:24:17
It is just a matter of time until Anti Money Laundering rules will be changed so they also include bitcoin. And it will be a good thing because it means Bitcoin can no longer be used to launder illegal money or as a means of tax evasion.
@_date: 2014-03-14 13:16:58
I'm currently in the beginning stages of writing a paper on this so we have something ready when the question comes up.
I see the thing about completeness but as these are asset accounts, I don't think it is too critical. Also, this might actually be helped with deterministic wallet structures where you can calculate child keys from parent keys. This would allow you to map the whole tree and check for completeness. At that point the problem morphs into a huge excel table with lots of balances to check against another list generated from the blockchain.
Obviously to efficiently audit this you have to look at some more stuff around this. First you need to have a tool that can spit out the balances and transactions of a list of addresses for a given timeframe. This generates the list to check.
Secondly, you need to check for unconfirmed transactions (the new cash in transit problem) and whether these transaction ultimately were confirmed or not. As with regular cash audits you have to check for large value movements shortly before and after the statement date. Due to the fractured nature of Bitcoin (with all those hundreds of addresses) you would have to be more careful here as those movements might not be that obvious.
What I think will be more problematic (at least at first) will be valuation. if you look at the small market depth at most of the current exchanges, liquidating a large amount of coins would lead to significant slippage in prices. Which is why I don't think it would be correct to value large amounts of coins simply at market value on the statement date. that will change though when the markets get bigger.
Proving ownership of addresses means you have to prove ownership of the private keys of those addresses. Keeping those key safe would be a question of the general IT controls we usually do as part of the audit and I would class that as an operational risk proving you have the key could be done by sending a small amount to a third designated address set up by the auditor who can then send the money back or by signing a message with the private key for that address. The costs would be quite small compared to the usual costs for the confirmations required for bank accounts.
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:05:13
It does contain some hints regarding this because I obviously discuss the benefits of Bitcoin in the beginning of the article. It does not yet include advice on specific applications. I actually have quite a few more ideas regarding this and I might sit down and write some more articles too. I just want to see what happens to the first when it is through the vetting process before I start writing down more.
Nearly instantaneous, very cheap international transfers are obviously a big plus for corporate users but i also see quite a few more possible benefits. For instance, the cash pooling philosophy inherent in the Bitcoin protocol makes cash flow management a lot easier to implement than having to do it over a bank with a nightly clearing.
it will also help a lot in working capital management in larger companies and between groups of companies. By sharing the public keys of the subsidiaries with the parent, the parent can easily check the liquidity situation of each subsidiary and of the group as a whole in an instant. All of this is very complicated today and very costly (especially in international companies).
I also have a few more ideas but I'm still fleshing them out as I go along and think of new things as well.
@_date: 2014-02-27 08:46:15
Now the VAT issue is something that could absolutely come back and haunt them. I'm assuming they either have a tax advisor that is very sure of his opinions (and managed to convince them enough to bet the farm on it) or they are simply betting on the Uk authorities to change their stance. Currently, as Bitcoins are seen as vouchers/goods in the UK they should collect VAT and this might lead to a very rude awakening.
You are correct on BS not being the counterparty, they say that on their website and I hadn't seen that in their ToS. That doesn't change anything in my analysis though. I still believe that what they are doing is currently unregulated in the UK.


This is where your argument runs astray. Just because you can't think of anything else does not mean they have to be payment accounts. A payment account under UK law is very clearly defined. and what is also defined is what does not fall under payment services. May I point you to [PERG 15 Annex 3 Annex 3 Schedule 1 Part 2 to the PSD regulations: Activities which do not constitute payment services] ( which points out in point (b) that a service is not a payment service if the transaction between the payer and the payee only happens 


Now what they are doing is probably running a multilateral market. But that would require Bitcoins to be investments or securities which they currently are not.
Now regarding the Ripple thing... I currently have no idea who would be the legal issuer here. That might be Ripple Labs or the gateway but legally that is a totally different kind of issue. Ripples might actually be e-money according to the european e-money directive while Bitcoins are generally agreed not to fall under this regulation.
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:22:17
Well he did just reply that this does not apply to their busniess model in germany. Which is pretty interesting because as a german, it was absolutely no problem for me to get a verified account with them doing exactly what he says they don't do in Germany...
Coincidence? Has to be! He says it can't happen!
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:11:31
Btw, here you state that Kraken operates under Fidors banking license in Germany:
But here the press states that you do not partner with Fidor in Germany because bitcoin Deutschland GmbH is their local partner:
I believe you confirm this somewhere in this thread as well...
At the same time I can't find any mention of Fidors banking license in your TOS or in the regulatory registers.
I think you are confusing being included in a banking license with them partnering with you and operating accounts for you. To be included in their banking license, you would have to be registered as an agent of theirs.
Can you please point me to a regulatory registration that includes Kraken under the Fidor license or point me to where you are registered yourself? That would help me understand whether you are just using confusing language or if the problem is bigger than that.
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:50:29
Even better, they lose the 50 BTC and run the exchange on a fractional reserve system. They they borrow themselves 50 BTC for a few days, run the audit, and pay back the 50 BTC again. Great audit result, still insolvent.
@_date: 2014-02-27 20:09:53
To reiterate... I can't believe their lawyers aren't standing in their offices screaming their heads off everyday. But hey, I'm not their compliance officer and probably wouldn't take the job for gold and 3 wishes from the genie.
The question of effective AML controls on money laundering and how to implement them without killing the currency and any players in the field outright is of great interest to me. I work for a accounting and consultancy firm and one of the services my service line provides is actually AML and financial sanctions consultancy. I think it will be quite a challenge to reform our current AML regime to work in a world of cryptocurrencies. Whether it is going to be bitcoin in the end or some other system (or group of systems) that establishes itself as a viable alternative to current payment systems, it won't work to simply say "well that's currency as well and all the rules for cash apply".
On the other hand, the public (and probably most legitimate businesses) will ultimately demand that we don't allow free reign for child porn producers, extortionists and tax evaders (just to foreshadow a few of the headlines we will probably see at some point).
What do you think of the ideas to blacklist (or redlist) coins that have been tainted by being used in an illegal transaction?
I think that opens up a lot of problems without actually solving much. 
First off, who decides what an illegal transaction is? Will there be a central list (or lists) of tainted coins similar to the current sanctions lists? Who administers these lists? What if a coin is on one of these lists but not on another?
Secondly, as a recipient I can only discover that I have received tainted coins at the time they enter my wallet. What happens then? Suddenly I am sitting on coins I can no longer spend legitimately. Does the recipient take the loss here as with counterfeit bills?
Thirdly, what about the reaction time? Assuming I am a robber and have just made off with 1 million in bitcoin. I can have those laundered and spent and exchanged in other currencies in minutes and go off into the sunset. How fast are these coins going to make it onto the lists? First, someone has to notice, data has to be verified, procedures have to be followed. By the time those coins have been listed, they are probably in the wallets of unsuspecting users who just received them from someone they didn't know online.
I think a better approach would actually be to proactively prove that the coins you are wanting to use are not derived from a criminal transaction. I am still playing around with this idea in my head but something like the provenance provided for paintings would be interesting. A certificate signed by a trusted third party (who will itself either be a government or will be regulated by one) assures the recipient that the last 3, 5 or so transactions done with a coin have been legitimate. This way the sender can still act pseudonymously (he doesn't have to necessarily disclose any information about me to the recipient but only to the issuer of the certificate) and the recipient could be sure not to participate in money laundering.
Obviously, this would only work for larger amounts (due to the costs) and would also destroy the idea that 1 BTC = 1 BTC because suddenly, coins with a longer certified provenance would be more valuable because they would be more trustworty.
@_date: 2014-03-06 17:11:14
Absolutely, the openness has a great value especially for people like you and me (I'm simply assuming you aren't part of a financial institution) who suddenly have access to an international payment system without going through intermediaries. So by definition Bitcoin is the best international (well, extra european, SEPA still blows Bitcoin out of the water) payment system I have access to.
On the other hand, how often am I really going to need that feature to transfer money to the other end of the world?
The openness allows a lot of other cool stuff though so lets hope Bitcoin will be improved by developers to better compete with existing POS payment systems. Especially the amount of time a transaction takes is very competitive compared to bank transfers but way to slow for direct transactions as of yet.
@_date: 2014-02-26 21:52:53
You are correct. There is a European directive governing banking in the EU. Unfortunately, that is not directly applicable here. What is important is the regulation of the actual member state. Bitstamp is a UK registered company with a bank account in Slovenia. Therefore UK and probably Slovenian local law applies.
I have to admit, I have no idea about Slovenian banking regulation but it is questionable whether what Bitstamp is doing here actually falls under banking regulation rules. In Germany it does. In the UK, probably not. (See [here] ( ) In Slovenia? I have no idea. Better ask a Slovenian lawyer...
Edit: I just had a look at the UK PRA handbook and under my reading, Accepting money, holding it and then selling you Bitcoin for it does not fall under the term "accepting deposits" as laid out in [The Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001] (
I also don't think it falls under one of the other categories but I have to read up more on them in detail. Right now the UK government's position is that Bitzcoins are "special purpose vouchers" which carries peculiar tax implications but also exempts them from banking regulation...
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:50:37
Bitstamp has really been proactive on the AML front. Although Bitcoin is not yet regulated in the UK and technically they are not required to do this they are already fulfilling pretty stringent requirements. They are probably expecting a lot of upcoming regulation and in my opinion they are right to do so. AML stuff is going to come bigtime to all the big exchanges as usage of Bitcoin instead of other currencies takes off.
@_date: 2014-02-17 19:49:20
It is not really a popular stance on the subreddit but I really do think that more regulation will be good for bitcoin as a currency in the long run.
There is no chance of bitcoin every being anything but a fringe phenomenon without AML controls and the possibility of financial sanctions. It may survive as a underground currency between anarcho capitalists on the internet whenever they can't use gold basically but to break out into the major markets it will need to be controlled in some form.
Obviously, the rules will have to be changed and adapted to fit to bitcoin (and similar currencies) to allow to both realize the chances a currency like this brings with it and at the same time make sure it does not become a perfect tool for drug dealers, human traffickers and child porn producers.
On the other hand, it may also force us to change the existing mess of AML rules into something effective and more workable. (Which would be a really really good thing)
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:21:10
Absolutely... If there are no rules and regulations, large, established companies are not going to touch this with a ten foot pole. CYA is rule number one if you want to actually stay in business. Especially if the alternative is a prison sentence ;-)
Also, I as a consumer would really like to have an exchange where I know I'm not going to get fleeced. there will have to be rules and someone will have to check that they stay within those rules.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:14:18
Wel, for one thing, you are doing business with German customers, using a German bank and a German bank account and yet you are not registered as a "contractually bound agent" of said bank (FIDOR Bank) as required by Sec. 2, Par. 10 KWG.
If you were, you would be on this list at the BaFin: 
Bitcoin Deutschland for instance, who are running bitcoin.de, are on that list as required.
I also can't find you in the register for [banks]( or [payment service providers]( 
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:12:26
Obviously, verifying bitcoin assets is a lot easier than having an intern checking lists of bank accounts against bank statements. On the other hand, as most of the accounting entries a company makes and most of the stuff that has to be checked and audited never lead to a movement of cash, that only provides for very few savings (in my opinion).
@_date: 2014-03-03 15:58:11
Wait, so you are not offering multiple German residents the possibility to trade interests in financial instruments (which Bitcoins are in Germany btw... see [the BaFin's opinion on the matter](
I must have seriously misunderstood your business model! because if you do that you are unfortunately misinterpreting German (and probably European) law in the matter. I'll just quote directly from the BaFin's opinion because that is the only one mattering in Germany anyways:




I think that applies very much to your business model (pretty exact description in my opinion) which means that you are required to register and get approval by the BaFin to engage this in Germany.
You can get around this by registering in another EEA country but you will still have to notify the BaFin and register with them.
@_date: 2014-06-05 13:00:32
Ebay is not just paypal but is mostly the huge name and brand that everyone knows. They already ave a lot of competition (craigslist, ads in newspapers, countless other auction and sale site on the web) but still they thrive.
I think Bitcoin will be a net positive for them because while it will cut into their paypal revenue stream by lowering payment costs, at the same time it will make buying stuff online easier and more hassle free increasing their core business of helping people sell stuff online.
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:56:11
Basically every western nation. Have a look at the [OECD rules on money laundering] ( the [EU regulations on money laundering] ( and for instance the very similar [US regulations] (
Know you customer (KYC) rules are a main staple of anti money laundering regulations because they are trying to understand your usual transaction and whether this transaction falls out of your usual pattern. Obviously they were happy with your paystub so probably the amount was proportinate to your income and not so high that they did not believe you might be able to afford it. If it had raised any red flags based on your info (too high for instance or if you had not presented them with believable information) they would have denied your deposit or asked more questions. 
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:51:50
I think you are going a bit too fast here...
1. The balances bitstamp (or any other exchange) shows on their website and which may be traded into bitcoins at the choice of the user are not e-money under DIRECTIVE 2009/110/EC because they are not "issued on receipt of funds for this purpose of making payment transactions" (see Article 2 No. 2).
2. This is different from the Ripple coins, which are traded by but not issued by bitstamp, those are issued by Ripple Labs and may or may not fall under the e-money directive (I would have to look into that topic specifically which I don't really have time for right now).
3. The balances at bitstamp are not payment accounts according to DIRECTIVE 2007/64/EC because you can't actually use those balances to pay for anything except to buy bitcoins from bitstamp.
4. The example you give is fatally flawed. I am not (to stay in your example) buying gummybears from peter with BS in between, I am buying gummybears from bitstamp which bought them from peter beforehand. Bitstamp is currently trading in goods and requires prepayment. This does not make them a bank or a payment service provider. Now this changes immediately if UK or European law accepts Bitcoin as an actual currency. Then they become a foreign exchange service that is quite heavily regulated but for now bitcoins are not currency and the whole point becomes moot.
As of now, in the UK, they are unregulated as you said yourself. Now if they would be offering deposit accounts and register as a payment provider or a bank, that would increase oversight and consumer protection. But as of now, they don't have to.
Edit: It's late, typing is hard, etc...
Also, all of this depends very heavily on the local law application of the EU directives in question. Minute changes in wording in the translation can have a huge effect on something like bitcoin that was not even on the horizon of the regulators when these things were written. As I said, In Germany, Bitstamp would require a banking license (or a payment service provider license) for what they are doing. In the UK as of now, they don't.
@_date: 2014-02-26 20:22:28
The problem with Kraken's compliance is the same problem as with Bitstamp's compliance. In most countries (for instance the US and the UK) nobody knows how to be compliant. There is simply no authoritative guidance. So everyone is doing their best to follow what they think is good practice but nobody knows what the regulators will finally come up with.
Best case: Final regulation looks exactly like what they are doing and they only have to file somewhere to register.
Probable case: Emerging regulation will require them to add some things and will show that some of the stuff they do is not necessary. They will probably have to pass some kind of licensing check.
Worst case: The regulators decide that only actual banks are allowed to trade on thrusdays in every second month and are required to prove that all of their customers are wearing black underwear when purchasing Bitcoin.
All these possibilities obviously exclude the possibility of a total ban and immediate seizure of all funds by the government...
@_date: 2014-03-13 17:35:40
Actually... I just reread the whole thing I wrote here about short selling and the discussion isn't actually about short selling. It's about proof of reserves. Because if an exchange allows me to post a naked short, I do not sell "counterfeit" coins. Instead, I enter into a contract with the exchange that implicitly "lends" me the coins to sell by giving some of their coins to the guy buying when I short sell. With a good like Bitcoin with instant delivery, naked short selling is actually not possible. Normal shortselling is and should be controlled and regulated but as long as the exchange always has enough funds to refund all depositors, I don't see a problem.
So just disregard the following:
I actually disagree with your definition of naked short selling. If an exchange allows me to post a naked short, I do not sell "counterfeit" coins. Instead, I enter into a contract with the exchange that implicitly "lends" me the coins to sell by giving some of their coins to the guy buying when I short sell.
At the same time, the exchange requires me to keep a certain amount of other value in an account with them to buy the coins back at a later date so the exchange does not end up with empty hands. The amount of this collateral obviously depends on the market volatility and my credit rating.
Just to be clear there are already regulations covering this (on the securities exchanges). But they also allow it if the broker/securities firm/exchange follows certain rules. obviously, they can not lend out more coins than they have received as deposits and actually have to make sure they have enough reserves to give everyone back their deposits. that's why banks are so heavily regulated and why they are regularly audited.
On the other hand going naked short is an important part of finding the price on a market. on an efficient market, it must be possible for someone to go long and someone else to go short. otherwise, the system doesn't work efficiently and market prices are distorted.
If you do not trust the exchange and do not want you coins to be lent to others for short selling the result is easy. Don't deposit your coins with an exchange.
As of now, Bitcoin exchanges are a strange mixture of bank and exchange which is not usually happening in securities trading. On regulated securities exchanges you have to clear all positions at the end of the day. If you short sold, you have to provide the security at the end of the day. In most cases, your bank does this for you by "borrowing" the security from one of their customers who owns that security. The customer carries no risk though as he has a claim against the bank for that security who must deliver. As long as the bank is following regulations, keeps enough reserves on hand and requires enough collateral, the risks are really quite manageable. to make sure of that though banks are regulated and audited...
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:56:50
I just started reading in to the BIP32 thread on GitHub as helpfully provided by . I'll surely have a lot of questions but I'll have to think about this first. I will probably contact you in the future regarding this because it does seem really interesting.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:11:04
As a financial audit is in nearly all cases a "point in time" look at a companies assets and liabilities, it would be enough for a company to provide the auditor with a list of all addresses that carry a balance at the cutoff point and to prove ownership of those addresses.
Obviously, a deterministic wallet would make that a lot easier though. That way we would only need to check a small sample of addresses Ideally that would be only one, as you outlined, but as I know our procedures, it's probably going to be 20 or so.
On the other hand, if they use a deterministic wallet like that we would probably also have our IT people come in and check the wallet software anyways. That would mean looking at functionality, security, access permissions, etc... just like we do with accounting systems today. obviously we would only go through all this trouble only if we are talking about a significant part of a companies assets.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:48:47
Those are some really interesting thoughts I have also been thinking about in the last months.
Proving that you own an address would mean proving that you have the private key to that address. Now obviously that doesn't mean that someone else doesn't also have a copy of that address but that would not necessarily be a problem in the auditing process. To prove ownership at the statement date, a company would simply have to send  signed message from the address to the auditor at the cutoff time. The blockchain then allows the auditor to value the holdings as of the statement date.
Obviously, the auditor who performs the audit (usually a few weeks after the statements date) then has to check that the coins weren't simply borrowed from someone and moved out of the address again a few moments after midnight on the cutoff date. That is a well known problem with cash as well though and we already check for that.
What will complicate proof of ownership and valuation is going to be the transitory nature of addresses. We will probably have to look at the wallet as a whole to ensure that the auditor doesn't see theft where the coins have only moved from one address to another in the same wallet. I can already see this becoming a hell of documentation and I don't look forward to explaining procedure to first years on this ;-)
The problem of protecting the keys you own is going to be an issue in the general IT control checks we do. That system (and it's security and integration into the accounting system) will have to be checked thoroughly. Especially as long as there is no certified standard software out there to do this and everyone uses their own code. 
@_date: 2014-03-06 16:17:13
You are quoting me out of context here... I never said that Swift is the best possible system, just that the banks already have a system that they use that works quite well for what they are using it for. So your metaphor with the "financial systems snail mail" is simply not very apt description of the world as it exists today.
My point was that it is unlikely that financial institutions will move to Bitcoin (maybe something akin to Bitcoin but significantly different) which supports the intial posters point that traditional financial systems will not simply go away and be replaced by Bitcoin. Especially in the commercial and interbanking world those systems are very reliable, very secure, very fast and (relatively to the sums in question) pretty cheap already. Bitcoin would have to substantially improve on at least some of these to supplant the existing systems. As it is designed now, and for this use-case, Bitcoin falls far short of the existing systems.
The only positive I can see right now for Bitcoin against Swift for large scale business to business transactions is ease of access. Getting into the Swift system is costly and takes quite some time, getting into Bitcoin costs practically nothing. Over the life of a business or a bank though, those costs amortize over a huge amount of transferred money making them acceptable if the volume of transactions is large enough.
@_date: 2014-03-06 09:17:53
I think you may be overlooking some stuff in your reasoning. Most interbanking money transfer happens over the Swift System which is basically a secured network over which to send messages. basically email for financial institutions with proof of sender and extremely secured.
The System also has some nice additional possibilities to send automatic account statements, letters of credit or interbank communications. Pretty fast and pretty efficient as well. It is pretty costly though because all that security and verification of senders, has to be paid for by someone. So there already is an adptive protocol for financial transactions. You are just not allowed to use it as a private citizen because you are not trusted enough to be allowed on the system without going through extensive (and costly) verification.
Also, if one bank really wants to transfer 100 million dollars to the other end of the world in a few minutes they absolutely can. They just don't like to do it very often because it is costly and requires them to deviate from their usual procedure.
@_date: 2014-03-10 09:54:03
They have to follow all the usual AML regulations and have to be registered as a money transmitting business. Basically they are working like a  bank, only on a more informal level. This is how money transmitting was done before there were organized international markets and clearing agreements.
Ads another poster said futher down: Hawala is medieval banking that simply continued to exist while modern banks emerged. it does have it's uses but is limited in many ways as well.
@_date: 2014-03-13 16:34:01
I think we are very close to "autonomous" companies. Depending on your definition, there may actually already be some. Effectively, Special purpose vehicles in lease agreements for example are effectively automated. it would be pretty easy to automate the few (totally routine) accounting entries necessary as well. It's probably simply not worth the effort. On the other hand, these companies do very little compared to what most people might agree is a usual business.
That border is probably going to be moved quite a bit in the future but even with great automation, there will still have to be a human for edge cases and to decide how to handle  new kinds of transactions and to automate those. Also, For many transactions, multiple accounting treatments are "allowed" at the same time. Choosing which to apply depends on the business strategy and the "big picture" and not really on much quantifiable data (although we try to quantify this more and more but that is a hard job to do reliably especially when you talk about expectations of future developments). I don't see a computer make those decisions for quite some time.
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:46:42
That list is abou as complete as telling a software developer he "types things into a computer". The real accounting work only begins after data entry...
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:03:06
Well, if there was such a repository of all debts it would make my work a lot easier. Unfortunately there isn't (and probably never will be). So what we do is we do a check on a sample of the businesses creditors and confirm the balances they carry on their books with the balances on the companies books. The same goes for bank accounts and known credit lines.
We also perform a search for so called "unrecorded liabilities" but that is more a question of cutoff and not of new debts magically appearing out of nowhere. It is mostly a question of whether the company booked a liability that was created in the FY we audit into that Fy and not into the next FY because the invoice simply hadn't been there on January 1st.
But in the end we rely on the company to be truthfull and tell us everything important. If they don't they go to jail for fraud. That is usually a pretty good incentive but obviously, it isn't bulletproof which is why again and again companies go suddenly into bankruptcy when their fraud is discovered,
@_date: 2014-03-13 21:44:49
Yeah, your right. But I'll probably be dead by then so I try not to worry about that too much ;-)
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:19:03
I work mostly in forensic accounting. In that aspect we are forced to look at Bitcoin because I am expecting the first crooks to start using Bitcoin for their money laundering and corruption to appear in our cases any minute now.
On the audit side, accountants will soon be faced with the problem that companies have Bitcoin (or similar assets) at that point you better have a plan in place to audit them...
@_date: 2014-02-16 20:58:23
Absolutely... AML regulation is coming and everyone who touches actual currency is going to have to work within the rules. I believe the rules will soon also be extended to Coin/Coin exchanges and to stores that accept coins (bitcoins or altcoins) for goods if they go above certain transaction sizes.
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:46:09
On the plus side though, on they webpage, they do admit to the weaknesses in the audit process.
Especially this point though:


Makes this audit a nice gadget for their public relations but nothing to depend on. Either an audit like this has to be done continuously or a trusted auditor has to review their financial accounting to check for large fund movements shortly before and after such an audit.
@_date: 2014-03-24 16:48:20
Thats actually not true... This audit only proves that they had the private keys to slightly more than 100% of the bitcoins they need to repay their consumers at a specific point in time. They specifically didn't prove that they actually own those coins and not just borrowed them shortly before the audit.
So unfortunately, except for this, in the end pretty inconsequential, point, it does not prove that they didn't run off with the money or haven't been hacked yet.
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:20:22
Well, the question whether they actually maintain bank-like accounts is not actually that easy to answer... As these deposits do not pay interest and the business model of bitstamp is not to use that money to make it's own investments (excepting standard cash flow management). Accepting money from someone and holding it for a while before giving them their goods in return does not automatically make you a bank.
As of right now bitcoins are neither securities, nor investments nor currencies under UK regulation (at least according to current statements from the UK government). Therefore, bitstamp probably does not fall under current UK banking regulations until that stance changes.
You are absolutely correct though. People who keep balances at Bitstamp give up ownership of their money and only get a claim on the company in return. If Bitstamp ever goes under they will have to stand hat in hand with all the other creditors. The clients funds would be a lot safer if Bitstamp were to offer individual deposit accounts. At that point they would absolutely fall under the UK banking regulation but until they do...
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:21:18
As I said further up, I am not allowed to speak publicly for my firm so I can't reveal who I'm working with. obviously what I'm saying here is my personal opinion and not firm policy and it should stay that way.
@_date: 2014-02-27 15:24:35
 Btw, are you doing additional KYC measures on transfers of BTC with a value (at time of transfer) of more than EUR 15.000? I think this might be one of the interesting discussion points of the AML application to Bitcoin. Do you have to treat Bitcoin effectively as cash and apply the more stringent rules required for those transactions?
Also, how are you applying the KYC rules on Bitcoin transactions. Normal transaction tracing (as you would do with an incoming bank transfer) doesn't really work because the origin address is not another bank but a bitcoin address that is pseudonymous. Even if we ignore the posibility of tumblers, there is no effective way (except for taint analysis which gives very little reliable information) to ensure that received bitcoins are not derived from criminal transactions.
On the other hand, even if you do require additional proof and assurances for large bitcoin deposits and withdrawals, how do I prove that the recipient (sender) address actually belongs to me as a natural person as would be required with a bank account?
I know as of now this is a purely academic debate because these kinds of procedures are only required for fiat transactions but assuming Bitcoin really takes off, those questions will probably have to be answered in order to implement effective AML controls on bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2014-03-13 20:03:30
I don't know yet, it is currently being edited and vetted before publication.
@_date: 2014-02-20 16:56:28
Since they don't actually hve to follow AML laws yet. They are currently doing this voluntary and in expectation of future regulation. Shows pretty good foresight and management to me...
@_date: 2014-02-26 22:05:42
The alternative, as on Bitstamp is that you gain a claim in the amount of your balance against the company. But instead of it being insured (as with a bank) in the event of an insolvency of said company you will have to stand in line with all the other creditors.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:56:02
Replacing accountants in general may be harder to do then you think. An accountants work today (in larger companies at least) is very little rote data entry and a lot of decission making. Bitcoin in itself will not change much of that. Other trends in automation will help make our work easier (and therefore means you need less accountants) but I feel very secure in my job choice right now.
Btw, you may not know that accountants don't just enter stuff in excel tables and make pretty graphs. Some day accountants may be "replaceable" but that day will only come when other professions like lawyers and medical doctors are also taken over by computers. I have no idea what the world will look like then and I don't even know wether that will ever happen.
@_date: 2014-02-27 14:56:29
I have looked into the ripple IOU system and you are absolutely correct. Acting as a gateway into the ripple payment system falls under the regulation of the e-money directive and therefore under the Electronic Money Regulations 2011. That could really come back to haunt them and whoever uses them to hold a ripple balance. I just checked and they are currently not registered in the UK as an e-money issuer.
Regarding the payment accounts question: You are probably correct. They are really screwed on this issue by their ToS and their insistence on a transaction between the seller and the buyer. If they would change that to two transactions each with Bitstamp in the middle they might actually get around that but they do do a transfer of funds from one account to the other. I have to say I'm a bit shocked that their lawyers aren't standing in their office screaming at them at the top of their lungs to change that as fast as possible.
I have to say, i learnt a lot from this discussion. I previously only read up on the German regulations regarding this which are a bit more clear I believe than the UK ones. But I think I have a handle on this now.
I have to say, I did use Bitstamp before because their market depth is very nice but after this information I will have to move my (admittedly small piece of) business elsewhere. I really don't want to b caught up in this house of regulatory cards on the day someone at the FSA wakes up and smells the bacon.
I don't really like bitcoin.de because the transaction times are so long but thankfully you are offering a compliant alternative. Although I can only imagine the faces of your auditors when you called them regarding your first audit. that probably was a fun discussion to have with an accountant ;-)