@_author: thantik
@_date: 2014-02-24 04:40:01
Mark Karpelès, chief executive officer of Mt. Gox, the embattled Toyko-based bitcoin exchange, resigned on Sunday from the board of the Bitcoin Foundation, according to a person familiar with the situation.
The Bitcoin Foundation confirmed in a statement on its website that Mt. Gox had resigned its board seat and thanked Mt. Gox for its efforts in launching the group.
The move comes amid a string of longstanding technical issues that began last summer when Mt. Gox halted customer withdrawals in U.S. dollars.
The problems became more severe earlier this month when Mt. Gox halted all customer withdrawals, saying that a bug in the software for bitcoin allowed some users to alter transactions. The problems prompted CoinDesk to remove Mt. Gox from its bitcoin-pricing index earlier this month. The exchange told customers last week that it was still working on "reinitiating" bitcoin withdrawals.
Mt. Gox is one of several industry representatives on the board of the foundation, a trade organization that advocates for the virtual currency.
Many investors in the bitcoin community had called for the resignation of Mr. Karpelès from the board of the Bitcoin Foundation, including a British-based marketing consultant who has posted an online petition calling for Mr. Karpelès's removal.
A phone call to Mt. Gox's office in Tokyo rang unanswered.
It is the foundation's second high-profile resignation in the past month. Board member Charles Shrem stepped down in late January after being arrested and charged with money laundering in connection with his bitcoin company. Mr. Shrem has pleaded not guilty.
Mt. Gox bitcoins traded at around $191 in midday Monday trading in Tokyo, while the Coindesk index bitcoin traded at around $578.
The "discount at Mt Gox reflects the markets ongoing belief that bankruptcy is a high possibility," said Mark T. Williams, who teaches finance at Boston University in an email on Friday. "They have a considerable customer base that remains prevented from getting their money out," said Mr. Williams, who has expressed skepticism about bitcoin.
Eric Bosma, a 60-year-old part-time health-care worker from Mission, British Columbia, said he has been trading bitcoins for the past six months to try to earn some extra income, but hasn't been able to withdraw his about 5.25 bitcoin in Mt. Gox despite repeated attempts. "I have contacted Mt. Gox many, many times in the past two weeks and all I get is what seems to be bot emails," he said in an email. "All I want is my bitcoin back."
—Eleanor Warnock and Takashi Mochizuki contributed to this article.
@_date: 2013-05-15 04:30:57
Damn it, why can't I ever manage to sell my bitcoins _BEFORE_ the short drops?  Grr.
@_date: 2013-06-02 13:54:38
Heh, I went from possibly buying a BFL, to paying for 16 Avalon ASIC chips, plus a little for a Klondike x16 board.  Going to be the same price, but I'm actually likely to get it...
@_date: 2013-06-04 03:05:11
I've read over that document many times, the problem is not having any example data displayed.  :/
I understand the theory behind it, but I'm confused about what the data looks like, what it's looking _for_, etc.