@_author: thankfulthroway8888
@_date: 2017-12-18 18:34:45
Some purchases felt really, really good. But ultimately not as satisfying as I thought it would be.  I definitely get more satisfaction from sacrificing my time to help others, doing a meaningful code review and make good revisions / optimizations, creating a meaningful branch of an open source project, etc. 
Some that purchases did feel really good:
1. debt free (except some favorable govt debt)
2. bought my mom her own hold childhood home and farm
3. paid for nephews college tuition
Some mixed:
1. gave money to various people from my past due to "sob stories." highly suspicious of where that money will end up
2. Went back to a village with and old friend near where we were stationed. Stopped at a village where our humvee had one time gotten stuck near dusk after some heavy rains. That evening the entire village came out and helped us dig out our vehicle. 
The village also provided us fresh water and a light meal, a very nice gesture since we could be viewed as a occupying force by all counts. 
(If they had not dug out our apc, then likely at night we would have been ambushed overnight). I visualized and daydream of our return probably thousands of time
(including on the flight over, i was almost giddy). I thought it would be a joyous occasion and we would kill the fatted calf and dance through the night. 
My buddy and i entered into the village on a pick-up with a brand new power generator and shin eating grins. We were greeted cordially and  they were very thankful.  We asked about a village elder that by name a couple of times and we thought there was a translation issue. 
Finally after excruciating translation difficulties, they related a very heartwrenching and horrific story about a raid performed by a nearby "militia." It included the rape of the most respected elder's daughter and death of 2 young men. The village elder died 4 months after the attack despite suffering no physical wounds. My buddy and I really had no idea what to do and felt utterly useless 
(also extraordinaly shameful of the part our country played in the potential arming of these men).
Some of the young men rode back with me to the nearest village.  And we did buy some supplies, weapons, etc. for them to take back and did give some money 
but it was still definitely one of those "you can shield yourself from the truth and realities of our world all you want, but it don't change the truth and reality of what occurs in this sometimes very depressing world."