@_author: thatll_happen
@_date: 2013-02-19 18:13:47
thanks.  My other concern is that it was saying transactions could take up to 48 hours.  Which is a joke.  I mean now that bitinstant is still not doing btc to account it might be more of an option though, i suppose.
@_date: 2013-10-03 04:25:22
I hope that everyone who used the site is safe from the wrath of what will certainly be the due diligence and subsequent manhunt of each and every person who purchased serious amounts of contraband on the SR.  Furthermore, I have every reason to suspect that they will go after each and every transaction which brandishes them with the ability to trace money and/or personal information about vendors and consumers on that site. God speed to us all. 
@_date: 2013-02-19 02:52:57
Any update on when cash to bitcoin address will be back up?  I know you guys had stated that it would be back up tonight, I just really need to get cash transferred before 10:00PM Pacific if at all possible.  Do you think this is an option?
@_date: 2013-10-03 08:59:39
I'm sure we more or less agree it sounds like about the second part, but I still have to circle back as I feel like you really didn't explain away what I said about the addresses being pretty much irrelevant without a connection being made through circumstantial or physical evidence.  The addresses were given to the vendors over PGP encryption or over privnote which is just a URL with the address that is immediately eradicated forever after it's viewed one time by the person to whom you send it.  Eventually buyer will give the address to the seller and get a package, yes - but this does not mean anything...  The buyer would have to keep records showing that the address came from that specific user because on SR messaging, you can't ever link it to that account again, as its been deleted permanently in the case of privnote for instance. All the feds would know is that the vendor sent something to that address (if they can even prove that) and they have no way of proving what was sent if the package wasn't intercepted. 
In steps: They would have to get the address (okay maybe they get it from the post office but its just an address at this point), connect it with an SR user account (how?), prove the account sent money and then trace the account to a real person (extremely hard to do and expensive as fuck and almost impossible without providing a btc address.  Here they should show intent if they got this far), show the vendor sent the corresponding product, and show that the specific user (who they don't know IRL) was the one who got it and it wasn't just left at the door, in which case they have no way of proving you the SR acct holder accepted it personally.  
I just wanted to point out this very clear distinction because I think you believe that the mere fact that the address is at some point given to a vendor and at some point something is shipped to that address, there is enough to prove illicit behavior beyond a reasonable doubt without first proving the aforementioned.  Anyway, cheers.  Not really trying to argue about it, just pointing out what I think maybe you're missing in what you were sayin'.  cheers.
@_date: 2013-10-03 06:40:39
People don't have to provide an address in a way that can be read by law enforcement as its always encrypted (unless the user is dumb enough to send it over in plain text).  However, having said that the only way law enforcement could get the address of a buyer from a vendor would be if the vendor kept records.  Otherwise they would still have to connect the SR user to the address as found in the vendor's logs, and that would be impossible assuming the user used the normal encryption methods.   But yea on the subject of tossing the idea of small users not being pursued, its a matter of economics rather than stopping people's expectations from entering into a long term pattern like that.  They simply cannot afford to pay for the tracking and research into all of the encryption methods and anonymity that was used in that community to trace people that bought 50 bucks worth of pot. 
@_date: 2013-10-03 06:15:22
yeah thats what im really getting at mostly.  I doubt theyre gonna go after some schmo that bought a gram of weed. 
@_date: 2013-02-19 04:20:59
I have set up an account with BTC-e.com but I have no idea how that works.  I can send money to them through bitinstant like I would do as if I were sending money directly to account?  And then how can I send that money to a BTC account from btc-e.com?
@_date: 2013-10-03 22:14:26
The idea that we really don't know how much evidence a prosecutor would need is pretty farcical man, at least in terms of an objective, outside-of-a-real-case view..  I like to believe I explained what is needed by way of evidence pretty plainly.  It's evidence of a crime, yes absolutely, but just because someone finds a dead body and a gun nearby doesn't mean that they have a clue in the world if there is nothing linking the gun to a person, and that person to the crime.  But all of that is useless until they connect it to a person who shot the gun, and was there, based on DNA or prints or whatever.  Look at the Casey Anthony murder trial.  Connecting A and B is paramount to criminal trials.  Police holding someone, and then charging them with or even then indicting them on federal charges are almost impossibly different things.  
I think this is rather clear, and obviously the analogous argument I made seems to be pretty much along those lines.  They can't do shit without evidence connecting a buyer to a seller.  Otherwise its just a moniker on a website, an address on a box, or pictures of drugs that may or may not have been shipped.  If you disagree with this I'll just leave it at that, but I think you're a sharp dude and you'd probably say were in agreement here. 
@_date: 2013-02-19 22:09:57
yeah I'm really pissed right now that btc to address isn't back up.  I had business I needed to conclude today that has been delayed.  I guess this is the price I pay for using one service to exchange USD...