@_author: thatnewredditor
@_date: 2019-08-05 14:10:10
There are no empty social media apps or any empty apps, there is no sign of second space. Have you owned any new Xiaomi phone with at least MIUI 10?
@_date: 2019-08-05 14:12:51


Because most of people want you to do everything for them so that they can blame you when they lose their shit.
@_date: 2019-08-06 07:11:16
Thank You. I always love to walk people through something cool, specially if it involves bitcoin ;p
@_date: 2019-08-05 16:31:49
Sure.. Let me be your guide here.
Imagine, police takes your phone and says give me your password, you give them password to your 1st space that is primary space which you use for everything. So they see your facebook, telegram etc where you talk about what food to cook and what shit to wear and how is the weather and all those shit. Now if you make innocent face and act innocent, police will be convinced you are just ordinary no coiner without much IQ.
Then you get your phone, you run away (but slowly like you are walking) then you reach safe space where that police is not there probably a toilet seat and you act like you are a secret raw agent and take your phone out and type password no. 2 which opens secret second space which has a different set of apps like your bitcoin wallet, your 2nd telegram and facebook accounts which you use to buy pot and exchange pics of fascinating body parts.
Hope I am able to walk you through it well.
@_date: 2019-08-04 18:50:03
Just something I need to share:
Xiaomi MIUI phones have second space. So there are two phones in one phone per say. So when they demand for password you could give password of first space which has apps you use everyday. And they won't even know there is second space in it.
Accessing second space is also easy. You provide different fingerprint to unlock second space or type the password/PIN you set to unlock second space.
You can install wallet in second space and turn all permissions in second space off, turn internet off etc. So that way it's just like hardware wallet inside your own phone.
Don't ask me what if you lose your phone, because you are more likely to lose your hardware wallet. Or even get hardware wallet stolen as it is becoming more obvious thing and thieves are getting educated.
Just some thoughts in this subreddit for first time.
@_date: 2019-08-04 19:16:30
When someone asks me about bitcoin I say what is bitcoin? I don't know much, I just heard it few times on TV. That's it.
Stay Quite. Even if you think other person might be interested in knowing more about bitcoin, stay clueless and say "I don't know bro/sis you should google or something..." 
Problem is you get romantic about their bitcoin and how revolutionary it is but fact is most of people don't give a flying fcuk, they will just remember you got some bitcoin and when they find some bad news about bitcoin they would remember to troll you.