@_author: thatblacklegacy
@_date: 2018-01-05 19:57:15
If you need a Realtor in Miami feel free to contact me.
Currently Most are not accepting Bitcoin as a Form of Payment. But be sure to contact me and we can talk details with Real Estate and Bitcoin!!!
@_date: 2017-11-20 23:46:48
Hey, Thats awesome and thats exactly how i felt when i google what online stores accept bitcoin and i seen that there was not even 2 handful of Stores that even accepted it; Let alone an Online Boutique. Its a lot of people who want to jump on ecommerce sales as well. But one thing I've explained to a family member if you don't have the time and patients to build and create with your brand or whatever you selling then whats the point in being in the business…
Im also into Real Estate and Investments. So when i jumped on the Bitcoin thing awhile back i just was in it for the Investments but then i realize i could also mine for Bitcoin and Accept it for my clients/customers as well… to me its a win for both sides… Some people i know are strictly into CRYTO CURRENCY and  only support online store that do as such. Some people bash me for it. but i feel like its a Path of the Future.
My store originally was just targeted twords the everyday trendy female who loves to keep it cute. 
But being that I'm a mother of 2 i have a 2year old who watches my every move and goes to Photoshoots with me. So opened up a Collection for her. She then stopped wanting to shoot in the kiddie stuff and wanted to dress like Mommy. Now i am a Firm Believer in including my children in anything i do so they can get the experience. With that being said i changed the Focus to a MOMMY AND ME BRAND for the everyday MILF (lol) and Mini Me. Something fun for the both of us!! The reason why people would buy from me because they are buying into the Vision of Teaching your child to follow in your footstep and setting good examples for generations. Becoming a legend while here on earth. Leaving your Mark with your family so others may know you where present and when. My Image is strictly FAMILY LEGACY!!! My name is Lauren Black… so its my Legacy i want to build with this brand!!! "THAT BLACK LEGACY"
Check us out and let me know how you feel about the store.. Maybe grab a couple of things for your GF while your at it… HAPPY HOLIDAYS MY FRIEND!!
Look forward to speaking with you soon!!!
@_date: 2017-11-20 14:13:29
Thank you for your feedback, Well i have been investing and Mining in Bitcoin for a couple Months now and i thought it would be a good Investment for myself and others to implement this currency in my store as well… i figured this could be a good way for me to mine for Bitcoin.  I understand that some of the items are a little pricey in Bitcoin. But I'm looking to play on fair ground with everyone using all kind of currency. How do you Personally Mine for Bitcoin? Any othe suggestions
@_date: 2018-11-20 14:43:01
lol