@_author: the4ndy
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:39:27
Ok so im still a little confused. As I have used Coinbase, I attach my bank or CC to it and then say "Buy X BTC with this payment source" and it takes the money from my card or bank and then gives me the BTC to my coinbase wallet. I do not know of a way to simply transfer and store money into my coinbase account....like i can see my "accounts" or wallets, and i have bitcoin, litecoin, ethereum, etc...but are you saying i can just put straight cash in coinbase? Could I just hook my bank or CC to Gdax instead?  
  
Either way, if i get $10 into coinbase, i can send it to gdax for free (thats fine, its all USD at this point). Now i have $10 USD in Gdax, I can then buy BTC from them WITHOUT any fees (I dont recall what the fees are like buying bitcoin from coinbase app, but certainly not $15 fees on $10). If thats the case (or not really) thats all cool....I dont really have too much of the trouble getting coins from USD...the problem is, I need to get them to a Paper wallet......Ooo maybe you are trying to say this and im just stupid, but could I buy the BTC from Gdax and have them sent directly to the paper wallet (rather than get deposited into a Gdax wallet like my coinbase coins are dumped when i buy them with USD)? If that is the case that would work perfectly...basically i would give Gdax $10, they would give me $10 USD worth of BTC to the wallet of my choice and THEY would eat the miners fee cause THEY are the ones sending it....does that make sense? Is that the way it works? did i figure out what you guys are tryign to tell me? Let me know. Thanks.
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:17:27
Ok so I have been meaning to switch from Coinbase to Gdax for a month or so now...but previously I have just used local bitcoins and my ledger HW.1 hardware wallet.  
  
However, when I go to send from Ledger to a paper wallet, the suggested high, medium and low miners fee is still around $15 (which again is more than i really wanted to pay to send $10 of BTC). This to me indicates that the "fees" i incur from trying to send out of Coinbase are not entirely imposed by Coinbase.....if I move to Gdax (ie send ALL my coins from Ledger wallet and Coinbase wallet to a Gdax wallet) and then send from Gdax to a paper wallet, wont I still have to pay around $15 ish in Miners fees?  
  
My understanding was that miners fees were independent of the wallet, exchange, company, etc and were a function baked into Bitcoin. And while I can set my own custom fees in Ledger (they let me pick # of satoshis per byte), my understanding there is that if i do something like 50 satoshis per byte which would be less than $5 in fees i believe, that likely my transaction wont get included in any blocks by the miners, and thus my transaction my sit in limbo for a long long time, and then potentially just come back to me failed. Please correct me if I am wrong.
Also I know that i could make a coinbase account for my brother in law (ignoring that i would have to get his info and verify it without him knowing, etc) and then coinbase says i can send BTC to another coinbase account without fees cause it happens off chain....however 1) i dont really wanna have to make my BiL a coinbase account, and 2) having the transaction on the block chain is part of the value of bitcoin, I wanna be able to explain to him the basics and show him how every transaction can be viewed on the blockchain (ideally by showing him the TX of me putting $10 of BTC in his paper wallet)
@_date: 2017-11-23 00:19:00
i literally just got a response from their support 2 full weeks after i submitted the ticket. The issue is a relatively large scale security concern, that may lead to the discovery of a serious vulnerability regarding account access / logins and the rep responded (again 2 weeks later) by basically telling me, "yeah, i dont believe you, thanks anyway".  
  
I know its an email, i cant tell their tone, etc...but it came off to me as very very rude. I gave them hell in the follow up email and got a swift stern response that they are looking into it (seemed like they were much more interested this time).  
  
Some things I find hilarious / interesting about Coinbase:
- you can sign up an account, give them your name, and bank information, lose access to your account, and their verification method requires you to send them a copy of your license with number visible and depending on who you ask, a photo of yourself. I have asked them before that if they dont already have a verified photo of me and my license, what good does sending them copies of that information? they havent been able to answer yet, though I have had a rep from them tell me something about "facematch" which my research says is a service that matches faces in pictures to (public) facebook accounts. My best guess is that Coinbase just simply wants to collect as much identifiable information on you as possible, I can only assume they think having this wealth of information will prove valuable to them in the future (perhaps once regulations reign down on crypto markets and coinbase needs a or many scapegoats).
- Coinbase sometime late 2015 / early 2016 stopped SMS based 2FA and started using Authy exclusively, as someone who had NOT set up an Authy account, I was locked out once this change was made (without notification to users). Their support insisted many many times that this was NOT new and insisted that i simply was lying that i had SMS 2FA and that i must have had Authy. Turns out, a few hours later and a bit of social engineering, I got my way back into my account and setup GAuth 2FA....I wont even get started on how they will scream up and down that they care about security, but its only slightly more difficult than any other place to social engineer their customer support people (assuming you can even get a hold of one)  
   
  
  
TL;DR = Fuck Coinbase. Opinions aside, they are an insanely insecure organization, the fact we haven't heard of a breach of their networks is scary (because to me that means it has happened, and they are covering it up, or it has happened, the attacker is still there, and they have no idea)
@_date: 2017-11-14 01:09:51
that is a link to the contributions to the bitcoincore.org website. It doesnt at all reflect who the core developers of bitcoin are. Just people whom have had a pull request to edit the bitcoincore.org website code accepted
@_date: 2017-09-03 17:14:37
Don't use what's app or telegram. Both been proven insecure​. They are at best security theatre. What's app is owned by Facebook and they use your messages for ads, they are def able to read your messages, which means the law will be able to as well when they ask Facebook nicely. Telegram is just straight garbage, I haven't seen so many vulns in a secure app since I tried to teach my dog how to write python.
Use Signal.
@_date: 2018-12-17 01:27:57
Cryprocurrencies aren't the problem, it's the current market or ecosystem of them. Just like some food when grown or harvested or stored improperly gets you sick we don't tell people to avoid food all together.... cryprocurrencies should not be avoided all together. However that isn't to say that in their current for they aren't less than what they are made out to be r need to be improved greatly...just hate the players not the game.