@_author: the8thbit
@_date: 2016-08-15 21:32:56
Mr. President, after I destroy Washington D.C... I will destroy another major city every hour on the hour. That is, unless, of course, you pay me... ONE HUNDRED BILLION DOLLARS
@_date: 2016-08-15 21:36:07
NSA kickstarter stretch goals:
1.5 million BTC: Find out who killed JFK
2.0 million BTC: Learn about the greys!
2.5 million BTC:  Thought those guys wearing tinfoil were crazy? Find out why they've got the right idea!
3.0 million BTC: ?????
@_date: 2018-01-17 20:47:42
Mark my words, we wont see a crash like we did at $30 for 2-5 years, and when we do it will be a bubble burst that will take years to recover from. There's just too much capital in BTC now for it to drop 80%+ and it not be devastating. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 08:22:37
Jurassic Feld
@_date: 2017-12-22 06:12:11


Sorry if I wasn't clear. That's exactly what I meant by "broken" here. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 22:50:53
SHA-256 isn't compromised cryptographically, but it is broken in terms of a decentralization mechanism, as per the context here.
@_date: 2017-12-28 05:48:29


Source: 
@_date: 2017-12-20 18:50:20


Both coins do have a problem. SHA256 is broken. But that problem is far more exasperated in BCH.
Sure, the network is fine now with &gt;50% of nodes controlled by one entity, but what happens when its 60%? 80%? 95%? What happens when nearly everyone running a node is also mining?
BCH's big blocks have two big centralization problems. First, they centralize nodes because they cause nodes to grow much more rapidly. But secondly, perhaps more troubling, is that they centralize mining because larger blocks increase consensus delay which increases the risk of mining orphan blocks.
In addition, BCH offers a number of gifts to centralized miners. Retaining the ASICboost vulnerability, for example, which Bitmain owns the Chinese patent on, and which increases mining efficiency by ~20% in exchange for producing empty blocks. The removal of opt-in RBF (a feature of the original BTC whitepaper and client, btw) which increases the number of trxs that need to be processed by miners. The decision to eschew segwit which increases the average size of trxs, and which prevents second layer solutions to trx volume issues. These are all gifts to miners in exchange for more mining centralization and/or more network congestion.
BCH may only be a bit more centralized than BTC right now, but BCH is much more *centralizing* than BTC. If BCH becomes the new BTC we will see it gradually shift from being a decentralized network to Paypal with a convoluted data structure at its heart. And in exchange for what? A temporary reprieve from trx speed and fee issues which only pushes the problem down the road and makes it worse in the process?
Many BCH miners are BTC miners, you're right. ViaBTC, for example, has decided to automatically switch between BTC and BCH depending on which is more profitable in the moment. Perhaps, if BCH is to remain a high cap, high hashrate asset, it will become difficult for miners to attract capital unless they participate in mining both based on their profitability. And if that's the case then BTC really does have a problem, as BTC mining may be forced to follow the same centralization trends that BCH will.
@_date: 2018-09-22 15:21:50
I'm already aware of Jones, and I've gotten about as much as I can out of his snake oil already. For those who haven't: There's much more useful information that is much less accessible than Jones is, and there are only so many hours in the day.
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:38:30
@_date: 2018-09-22 03:52:52
In fairness, I don't think anyone is denying that they're afraid of what he's saying. People are very afraid, and with good reason. The types of things he says, through the brand he's developed, can have far reaching negative social implications, despite being mostly bullshit and aesthetics.
Whether that justifies the decision by private entities to censor him is a complex question. Personally, I don't give a shit if Jones is censored. It doesn't affect me in anyway, and in a direct sense can really only be seen as having a positive impact if it reduces his reach. However, it does convey the disturbingly large amount of power that corporations like PayPal and Google (Youtube) are able to wield. These organizations are structured such that they mostly only make decisions that they view as beneficial to their stakeholders. That won't always align with my interests, and where it doesn't, what happens when these corps decide to wheel out the proverbial guillotines?
In any case, it puts on display why Bitcoin is impactful today, and why its likely to be impactful in the future.
@_date: 2015-06-27 18:02:51


I think that really depends on whether Greece exits from it to escape debt, and Spain, Portugal, and Italy follow suit. If all four PIGS countries both default on their Euro-based debt AND exit from the Euro, it really could devastate the currency.
@_date: 2018-05-01 11:47:39
Core isn't the only Bitcoin client
@_date: 2018-05-01 12:36:36
Bitcoin Armory? Electrum? Miners also often roll their own/modify existing clients to do things like header first mining.
What are the other BCH clients?
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:49:42


So, either he misunderstood the question, he doesn't understand the underlying technology, or he is Satoshi and he's making it sound like he doesn't understand the underlying tech in an attempt to mislead people.
'Any programmer' could not have solved a difficult open problem in mathematics.
@_date: 2018-05-19 19:19:24
Though in fairness, few see precious metals as functioning as currency in this day. Most people interested in precious metals are interested from a store of value perspective/as a hedge.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:42:19


Considering how many people have lost money through Gox, (and plenty of other exchanges prior to Gox) it's safe to assume that plenty of bitcoin users are already comfortable handing their funds to someone else.
@_date: 2014-12-09 17:01:02
Just non-anonymous.
@_date: 2014-01-29 17:29:04


Though that's a better analogy, I still don't think it's a good one, as, for the average person, a very large portion of that salary goes towards living expenses, so the marginal value of the fine is much higher than it would be when levied against a large corporate entity like HSBC.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:34:57


Except that it's not that easy. You still have to send them through a Coin Join implementation or a bitcoin laundry, then do the same thing on the way back, and finally, launder any money you make in the traditional way so you don't get audited when you try to actually spend it.
It was always possible to do this with cash, and people have been doing it for decades. Bitcoin allows you to do it in a mostly trustless fashion over the Internet... which gives a whole host of people with relevant skills and knowledge this ability. It doesn't, however, actually threaten the tax code, or governments, or what have you.
@_date: 2014-01-10 01:21:47
I'm putting in a bid for 21,000,000 BTC at 0.00 USD.
@_date: 2018-05-19 18:33:28
but "the same thing happening" would imply that 1 of those top 50 maintains 0% change over the next 5 years. :)
@_date: 2014-07-08 20:03:29
I was responding to:


I realize now, though, that you weren't making that argument necessarily, just explaining that that is the argument being made and that it is different from a false dilemma.
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:24:48


Again, what is your point? 
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:21:47
because sarcasm
@_date: 2014-03-07 19:53:36
Writing the white paper is the hard part.
@_date: 2014-03-06 03:33:23


Sort of. 'Socialist' describes someone who subscribes to a particular analysis of social relations. That doesn't neccisarily imply a goal. For example, a capitalist who is a [nihilist egoist]( would be a socialist, but would not have the same goals as most other socialists.
The theory that socialists subscribe to is that the formation of the state, an artefact of the stationary and surplus generating nature of the agricultural revolution, have manipulated property relations in such a way as to create a class dichotomy between 'slaves' (people who produce surplus value) and the 'idle' (people who do not produce or do not need to produce because they consume surplus value). Socialists believe that this dichotomy perpetuates itself due to the involvement of the state. (Or at least, that the state plays a crucial role. Socialism is relational, not 'causal' in the strict sense.) A deeper discussion of this process (called 'historical materialism') can be found [here](
Traditionally, socialists are anything but idealist, and come with a large amount of influence from the pragmatic tradition. As such, they see the state as an unconscious tool, generally controlled by the idle, but which can be influenced, and for short periods, even controlled, by the working class. The degree to which socialists are willing to collaborate with the state, and more generally the strategies and goals of the socialist, are the primary way in which different schools of socialist thought differ. For libertarian socialists, this means that indirect action is sometimes used to influence peripheral change. E.g., an anarchist might attempt to raise the minimum wage because she understands that this causes workers to have more money to fall back on, which makes them more capable of sustaining a strike action. The more authoritarian socialists (who are, today, rather rare. I don't know the last time I've met a socialist who wasn't also a libertarian) are more willing to collaborate with the state. Some would argue, to the point of enabling it and further disenfranchising the working.
@_date: 2014-12-22 05:31:55


No it doesn't... 
@_date: 2014-04-20 02:09:53
It looks like spadinskiz edited his post at some point in the last four months!
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:48:50
Should I go ahead and explain why they are different, or should I assume that you've already made your mind up, and that no amount of argument could ever change your view? I ask because I'd be happy to do so, but not if it will definitely be entirely fruitless.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:59:01
Aren't there already bitcoin derivatives?
@_date: 2014-12-08 23:07:03
Sure... because bitcoin isn't generally insured, and organizations like blockchain.info aren't held legally responsible. But it could be. And they could be. This is an issue with infrastructure (which is certainly an issue) more so than the protocol.
@_date: 2014-03-05 00:16:47
No, you'd have to use "Nakamoto, Satoshi" for that to work.
@_date: 2014-11-18 18:08:01
Yes, that is what my comment said.
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:34:54


Unless you want to, you know, spend your money. That's the hard part of money laundering. That's when you trigger a tax event, and that's when the IRS starts paying attention to you if your spending mismatches your income.
@_date: 2014-07-31 03:40:54
Selling BTC that's locked up democratizes it. I don't see why you'd have a problem with this unless you're only interested in BTC for short term gain. It's not like they're going to kill it or anything.
@_date: 2014-03-07 10:54:25
If he truly believes that 'any programmer' could have created bitcoin, then he really doesn't understand what bitcoin is.
Let's say he's heard of bitcoin, and thinks its just some sort of online transaction processing system like Paypal. Could any programmer create Paypal? Okay, maybe not any programmer, but it's not exactly the most difficult task in the world. In that case, he response is completely reasonable.
Bitcoin is more than just some transaction processing system, though. It's rather complex in that a.) its completely decentralized, and, related, b.) it solves a difficult mathematical problem. Any programmer certainly *couldn't* have created bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-01-16 23:47:54
Ah, I see, back in the golden years, when men were men, children were laborers, and both worked 12 hours days, 6 days a week until finally dying in factory fires because the fire escapes were chained shut to keep workers from sneaking out for smoke breaks.
@_date: 2014-03-17 20:33:34
That may be true, but I'm talking more about the theoretical idea of a coin that actually operates in the way that Mazacoin claims it will operate.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:38:55
**...continued from previous post**


It's not that people would not think to seek these things, it's just that attempting to would be futile in a society that does not use force to enforce that style of ownership.


I'm still not sure what you mean by 'the marxian man'. Can you expand on this?


You can find crazies (or rather, people who do not fully grok theory) in any group, including mutualists and ancaps, but the theory itself (which is what Proudhon would be addressing) doesn't make these claims. In fact, 19th century socialist theory is generally free of ethical hand waving. (Proudhon is actually the exception, believe it or not... And was thoroughly critiqued by Stirner and Marx for involving ethics in his analysis.) The arguments made by communists, collectivists, and mutualists was not that their proposed mode of production was 'better' by some abstract ethical means, but that it was more suited to stateless production because it is more flexible, more stable, and/or more feasible.
Keep in mind that in the paragraph just before the one you quoted, Proudhon critiques proto-socialist theory as 'utopian' and 'chimeras'. When he says this, he is referring to the same group that Engels critiqued as 'utopian', that is, the 18th century and prior liberal-socialists who, not understanding the underlying (and yet to be observed) theory, appealed to the aristocracy and the bourgeois democracy in an attempt to enforce socialism by decree. (Of course, failing...) Now, this movement is separate from and heavily critiqued by the young Hegelian 19th century socialist/anarchist tradition that Marx, Engels, Stirner, Proudhon, Kropotkin, and Bakunin belonged to. So that statement wasn't an attack on communist thought, so much as an attempt to clarify how anarchist thought is distinct from utopian thought. Granted, Dejacque's critique of Proudhon was certainly made on the grounds of ethics and totalitarianism, but that (*Le Libertaire*) wasn't published until a decade after the text we're discussing. (*The People's Bank*)


Keep in mind that the right of voice is a very important component in a functioning anarchist society, and not all expression of that voice will necessarily be in an attempt to stifle something which would threaten or compete with anarchist structures.
For example, if I create a post in _demanding_ that the consumer version of the Oculus rift come with some form of eye tracking to allow for greater foviation and more immersive experiences, that doesn't mean that I believe that a socialist society can only consist of head mounted displays with eye tracking. It just means that I really, really think that the consumer version of the Rift should have eye tracking. (It should.)


Going back as recently as the early 1980s, there was no such think as copyleft licensing and, for the most part, no concept of proprietary licenses. Further, software was distributed in a very different way. Rather than building a binary for every system that you want to target, you would distribute the source code, and the user would compile the software themselves. This was much easier than the alternative, as the developer didn't have to worry about supporting a thousand different platforms. As long as each platform was some variant of UNIX, any software could be compiled and run on any platform. Further, you'd see increased performance as the binaries could be optimized not just to the software ecosystem it was compiled for, but also the hardware ecosystem.
In order to make software a more lucrative venture, developers began to rely upon IP laws to restrict use of software and generate artificial markets. No longer would you purchase a piece of software and then distribute a copy to all of your friends. Instead, each individual was required to purchase their own copy of each piece of software. Of course, this is fairly difficult to enforce when it isn't thoroughly understood where one piece of software ends and another begins. If I fork my project from a proprietary project, am I violating the license? And what of people who don't respect licenses? If a project is open source, then one could simply strip out any DRM and use an unlicensed version. In order to prevent this, a movement towards distributing binaries rather than source was created.
Of course, this isn't a symptom of capitalism exclusively. We can expect perfectly horizontal businesses to produce proprietary software as well, as doing so *is* often more lucrative than not. Instead, this is a symptom of markets in general. Markets create a tragedy of the commons because the interests of the community are often at odds with the interests of the individual. Capitalism intensifies this, but it's not the root cause.


Android is 'open' in the sense of the GPL2, but not the GPL3. Most android phones are locked down, requiring the user to utilize some exploit (e.g., fork bomb) in order to gain root access. Root access is required to install an alternative ROM like Cyanogenmod.


I'm not really that interested in discussing what we 'see a problem with'. That's delving into the realm of ethics.


The distinction between 'distributed' and 'undistributed' is becoming increasingly meaningless. We're heading towards a point at which our machines act as dumb clients, accessing information stored on remote servers. What does it matter if the thin OS that runs on my computer is free if all of the software I use isn't? What matters (from the perspective of the FSF) is use vs. non-use.
@_date: 2014-12-09 17:00:57
Nah, you're not trusting blockchain.info in any more of a sense than you are trusting the developers of the qt wallet if you use that one. They do not have access to your wallet, and all of the source code is available.
@_date: 2014-07-31 00:19:15


Hey, that's not that bad. Obama asks me for money at least twice a week. I wouldn't mind getting a once or twice annual "Hey, you donated money/time to this thing. Just reminding you that we still exist and would love more money" from everything I contribute to.
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:05:01
But... it wasn't impossible for non-drug dealers to operate in this way to begin with.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:23:34




No one said anything about guilt. I'm not making an ethical judgement, I'm describing the reality of the situation.
@_date: 2014-05-12 23:12:16


Well, you've lost my vote. 'Fiscal conservatism' is a meaningless buzzword, and 'common sense' is dangerous. If we relied on 'common sense' we'd still be in the proverbial caves riding proverbial dinosaurs. This is doubly true when making decisions regarding the rather nuanced economics of an entire state.
It's 'common sense' that giving everyone free money would reduce productivity and crash the economy. And yet, a whole host of conservative economists have come out in favor of UBI/NIT and real world experiments have shown little impact on productivity. It's 'common sense' that deficit spending during a recession will put the economy further into a hole, and yet, this actually stimulates consumption, which stimulates production, which creates jobs, which does the opposite. It's 'common sense' that a deflationary currency would be hoarded leading to a stagnant economy, and yet, the Bitcoin network handles 70,000 transactions per day.


Giving more power to states centralizes (state) government. These two statements are contradictory.
@_date: 2014-01-16 12:32:34


Before corporate charters? No, you're thinking of feudalism.
@_date: 2014-03-17 11:41:59
Perhaps something like mazacoin, where the premine goes towards a community which will be using it as its national currency.
@_date: 2014-11-17 19:41:31
It's how bitcoin already works. It's just that it requires a consensus of at least 50% of hash power rather than 85% of stake.
@_date: 2014-04-28 11:11:26
Yeah, and look at what happened to the web! Total flop, amirite?
@_date: 2014-12-22 05:32:54


How much do drug dealers generally pay in taxes?
@_date: 2014-03-19 01:34:01
Yes, exactly. He was pointing out the naivete of the parent post, as the parent post didn't consider that there would be cash in the machine.
@_date: 2014-03-06 20:00:30


And individualist anarchism is decidedly left wing.


Anarchists have never and will never be accepting of profit motive, though 'the market system' is neither left nor right. There have been market anarchists for hundreds of years, but those anarchists take a left (i.e., anti-hierarchical) approach to market systems.


Sure, they appeal to both groups, but that's not an indicator of underlying philosophy. Socialists are not suddenly right wing because they embrace something (Bitcoin) that some people on the right also embrace.


Well, that's certainly true. Discussing mutualism and collectivism in terms of 'left and right' doesn't make much sense. The left/right distinction falls from the French Revolution, where things got so heated that people began to group together at the National Assembly according to their political leanings. Those in opposition to the crown gravitated to the left side of the national assembly, while those who supported the crown moved to the right. Since then, 'left politics' have come to represent political philosophies which suggest non-hierarchcial organization, statelessness, and/or nihilism, while 'right politics' refers to hierarchical organization, support of government, and traditional ethics/world views. This characterizes the distinction between right and left libertarians very cleanly. Left libertarians are supporters of non-hierarchical organization, statelessness, and have a greater tendency to subscribe to nihilist or non-traditional ethics, while right libertarians are supporters of hierarchical organization, small government, and tend to subscribe to traditional ethics.
Now, what's interesting, is that following a rigorous understanding of the underlying theory of socialist thought, I have seen plenty of right libertarians turn socialist. In fact, the common progression seems to be right libertarian -&gt; ancap -&gt; mutualist -&gt; collectivist/communist. This seems to indicate that the distinction isn't one of social or physiological difference, but rather, of a lack of understanding of underlying theory.
@_date: 2014-12-08 22:59:27
But blockchain.info isn't a web wallet. Not in any meaningful sense.
@_date: 2014-03-07 18:37:43
There are 7 billion satoshis!
@_date: 2014-04-28 11:10:32
On the flipside, crashing is good for doge.
@_date: 2014-05-13 00:49:21


I'm struggling to see the relevance to what I typed.


If the state wants to enact a law which strips the individual of a liberty, but the federal government has law in place which defends that liberty, then supporting state rights means taking a stance against individual liberties. Take slavery, for example. You can't have it both ways.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:11:12
There are a lot of left wing people interested in/invested in/using bitcoin and other crypto-concurrencies, myself included. I've been following bitcoin since early 2010, and have been a proponent of it since early 2011, (since I came to mostly understand how the protocol functioned, and what its potential social implications are) largely on the basis of socialist analysis.
While this article is ridiculous, its base claim, that bitcoin has, historically, benefited the privileged, is sound. The people who have generated or accumulated a lot of wealth through the use of bitcoin have either done so by acquiring bitcoin at a time when very few people even knew about it, or by constructing infrastructure around bitcoin. Both are mostly reserved for people who have a type of knowledge generally held by computer scientists/software engineers, or those who work in finance. Both in terms of understanding how to make the actual technology work/build the actual technology, and in terms of being involved in the communities which might expose bitcoin to you.
If bitcoin continues to grow, then this will continue to become less and less the case, however, if we want bitcoin to grow, then we need to recognize these issues and think of ways to solve them. With services like blockchain.info and some really great market penetration in some underdeveloped states, this is much less of an issue than it was in 2010, but we still have plenty of room to grow.
Edit: This isn’t necessarily directed at you, but at a lot of the comments here:
In regards to the use of the term 'privilege': If you hear this word and immediately disregard an argument based on preconceived notions about what the term implies about the argument or the speaker/writer, then please consider how many people react when they hear the term 'bitcoin', and try to determine if you're making the same mistake they are.
@_date: 2014-03-09 06:36:29


We're in agreement. (At least, to that regard.)


What is a free market, if not unrestricted trade?


Oh, I've certainly considered it. I recognize that ancaps don't recognize labor exploitation. That's *why* they feel the need to reinvent the state. The ancap must allow for exploitation without allowing for exploitation. Of course, if they realized the former was exploitative then it would be obvious that this would be impossible.


People might seek it, but why would I give it to them? I have my own interests at heart, not theirs.


It's not just the possibility; their entire models are literally just reshapings of the state. A network of private courts hiring private police to enforce private property is a state, as is a network of private non-courts hiring private paramilitaries to enforce private property.


In what way does communism rely upon altruism?


Why would I choose to keep 97% of the fruit of my labor when I could keep 100% of the fruit of my labor?


Because, at the time of writing, the concept of 'anarchism', as a fleshed out social theory, was very new. He was among the first anarchist writers, the first to self-identify as such, and could not reasonably take liberties in conveying anarchism in and if itself. While Prodhoun had published his critique of capital (*What is Property?*) eight years earlier, *The Solution to the Social Problem* was his attempt at a thorough description of his own suggested mode of production. As such, it would seem fairly important to mention that this system would be stateless.


Why do you think that, considering that this would be completely out of place given the context of the quote?


Did you lose part of this?


But FLOSS isn't necessarily developed within an anarchist model. Perhaps a better example is spaghetti. The production of spaghetti isn't anarchist just because there are recipes for spaghetti freely available online. Now, of course, anarchist organizations can, and do, produce speghetti, but then so do organizations defended by the state.


Right, and hardware manufacturers (and redhat) generally depend on the state to defend their property.


Of course not. Its profit seeking which requires the state. Red Hat is a profit seeking organization, but non-profit seeking organizations can provide the same services without depending upon the state.




Which is only usable (on most phones where it is even usable) because of flaws in the software that is intended to be locked down, and is legally able to be locked down, because the Linux kernel is released under a weak (GPLv2, relative to the GPLv3 or AGPL which prevent TiVoization) free software license.


I'm not saying that free software is not useful for anarchists. What I'm saying is that:
* free software is often not developed within an anarchist mode of production
* capital attempts to route around and subvert free software to the best of its ability


Either by subverting it, or by using it in a way that is peripheral to their profit seeking. (Ask Google to release their search algorithm as AGPL... see if you get a response.)
@_date: 2014-12-22 06:36:52
So what?
@_date: 2014-08-02 05:21:26


Bitcoin is about to be compromised by a guy with an old laptop and a time machine.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:21:56
This is a vast simplification of, at the very least, the far left, which is a very nuanced set of political theories. Anarchists certainly don't gravitate towards authoritarian/statist approaches, and there isn't much further left of that.
@_date: 2014-11-18 08:04:59


You can already do it with a simple majority (of hash power).


There's no such thing. Not in fiat. Not in cryptocurrency. Money is a social construct, and as such, is moulded by society. In the case of fiat that means government, in the case of bitcoin that means consensus democracy.
@_date: 2014-12-25 23:57:18


Minus the anonymization and laundry, which you still have to do manually.


Are they going to keep that up once they've been subpoenaed?


Who's spending $30,000 in gifts on you every year, throughout the year?
 &gt; And, again, IRS and financial regulators would have to start requesting customer records from businesses, which businesses will NOT like, since it would basically subject them to the same reporting requirements as banks.
Yeah, they wouldn't like it. They don't like paying taxes in the first place. What's your point?


How many people do you think are actually going to buy Trezor? 


You really think people are going to do this in mass?


Cool, that way you can broadcast all of your transactions to a central entity and the NSA, without knowing if it actually improves security at all because you're running proprietary code.


It's not really that hard at all, if you don't need anonymous, laundered transactions.
@_date: 2014-04-19 20:07:03
Dangerous chains? Like Coinye?
@_date: 2014-03-06 02:49:05
Ah, fair enough.
@_date: 2014-03-18 00:40:32
I said in another comment:


@_date: 2014-12-22 19:36:22


So basically "operate exactly how drug dealers already operate, but with bitcoin instead of cash"


Unless all you're buying is software, yes, it is quite easily tracked. If you want to buy curtains on Overstock, you need to provide your name and address.


So are bitcoins that you keep in cold storage...
@_date: 2014-01-29 20:09:07
I don't think he is. It appears that he's pointing out that private property rights and free markets are mutually exclusive concepts.








@_date: 2014-04-28 09:34:43


For cold storage. Metal is a lot more resilient than paper. Besides the novelty, I imagine that's why there was a market for metal BTC before the government shut it down.
EDIT: Also, its easier/more cost effective to make metal wallets more tamper resistant than paper wallets.
@_date: 2014-04-28 08:08:57
There's no reason why bitcoins can't be trafficked via metal coins. If they're going into long term storage, that's not a bad idea, actually.
@_date: 2014-03-05 21:59:22
@_date: 2014-12-22 07:28:59
Again, so what? My point was that drug dealers already run businesses without declaring taxes, not that it magically becomes impossible to operate in this way if you're selling something that's not drugs.
@_date: 2014-03-07 08:53:56


We can define it either way, really, as the latter implies the former, and vice versa.


Sure, though the word for this is 'mutualism'. If the only difference between mutualists and ancaps was semantic, then it would be easy enough to write ancapism off as a harmless movement whose members just don't have a great handle on terminology and intricacies of theory. However, the realities of ancapism are a little more complex. The ancap is tasked with the struggle of reconciling capitalism (in its true sense, that is, consisting of state-dependant profit from labor exploitation) with 'statelessness'. This is why Rothbard and Friedman are so popular within the movement: Ancaps have been handed an impossible puzzle. These bodies of theory offer all of the trappings of statelessness, without actual statelessness. It's the closest one can come to abdicating the dissonance of ancapism.


The distinction between anarchist thought and Tannehillian ancapism isn't one of 'collectivism' vs. 'individualism', but rather self-interest vs. altruism. The Tannehillian philosophy assumes that workers will act altruistically towards non-workers, willingly 'exploiting' themselves, out of a dedication to private property relations. In contrast, socialist theory (including anarchist communist theory) is constructed upon the assumption that people will *generally* act within the bounds of their own interests.


Which can be generalized to *any* school of anarchist thought. What Proudhon is saying here is not that he expects profit to continue to form in a mutualist society, but that, while it would not be restricted from forming, it would not be in the interests of the vast majority of participants, so it would be extremely unlikely to form. The same is true of communism and collectivism. The key phrase being, "other than those which result naturally and of necessity from the universalization of the principle of reciprocity which I propose."


Again, there have been plenty of anarchist and libertarian Marxist organizations. CNT-FAI, RFM, Free Ukraine, Zapatistas, the Iroquois nation ... have all established left-libertarian societies.


This is a little like arguing that we're already living in an entirely anarchist society because we needn't subscribe to providers of air. I can take and produce air freely, after all. But, an industry is not a society. We may share software, but that doesn't inform the material conditions of those doing the sharing. Free software is often difficult to monetize, and where it is monetized, it is generally done so within profit-forming structures defended by the state. There are software cooperatives, and these are as anarchist as any other workers cooperative, but they are technically orthogonal to the issue of software freedom. A cooperative could develop proprietary software as easily as it could develop free software. A good example of this is Valve which, while not legally recognized as a cooperative, operates generally using the same democratic format as a cooperative.
This is not to say that Free software and socialism are entirely orthogonal. Free software is helpful to the socialist, in that it does transfer *some* power away from capitalists and towards workers/consumers. This is why attempts at subverting software freedom (Android/Linux, TiVo, BusyBox, etc...) are so common. And indeed, proprietary software development within the framework of a communist or collectivist mode of production would make little sense. However, while the two compliment each other, they're still very different ideas.
@_date: 2014-04-28 11:06:07
Extreme heat, extreme temperature changes, fire, water damage, resistance to explosives, ease of transport, are all things to consider.
And again, its easier/more cost effective to make metal wallets more tamper resistant than paper wallets.
@_date: 2014-12-22 07:47:14


Go ahead and spend 200BTC every year for the next 5 through BitPay to buy drapes and shit on overstock while you only declare 50BTC in income and tell me how that goes for you.


You can already do this... its just that most people don't want to store their fortune under their bed in a rock or jump drive which could easily be lost or stolen.
@_date: 2014-04-09 21:04:58


I believe that the issue is that bitcoin is not easily represented in unicode. So, for example, I can't do thi$ with bitcoin. This could be an issue for businesses which need to depict the bitcoin symbol in text.
@_date: 2014-03-05 20:17:33
You're a bit confused. Socialists are not generally proponents of the state. Also, socialists don't generally call themselves 'progressive'. That term is more often used to describe liberals. 
@_date: 2014-04-09 21:07:43
The Thai Baht? The Thai Baht is a slightly different symbol.
@_date: 2014-07-08 19:39:23
Public key encryption provides very strong security without destroying liberty. Meanwhile, an organization which intentionally installs backdoors in software and then uses that information to collaborate with the DEA strips us of both.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:52:41
Three cheers for effective marketing. "Think different! buy our mass produced proprietary commodity!"
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:53:22


Cool, its mutual.


I really feel we should focus on separating what *should* be and what *is*. I am not saying that this *should* be the case, only that it *is.* It's not my place to make ethical declarations, but I can make observations regarding our world.


And it would be absurd to rent said house in an environment where doing so is not ensured by an entity such as the state. Why would I rent out a home if there existed no motivation to pay rent?


Ah, now we're getting somewhere. Let's look beyond the interests of the individuals engaged in a transaction, and let's consider the interests of the community under which the transaction occurs. After all, if there exists no 'state' to speak of, the community is the only source of institutional power accessible to those involved in the transaction. So then the question becomes, 'what is in the interests of the community?'
Rent, where profitable, (i.e., where lucrative; where economic motivation exists in the first place) is an institution in which one party gains value without contributing, and that party must be a minority party in order for rent to remain profitable. This money comes from renters, who *must* be paying more than the value of the home. E.g., if the tenant pays $200/m and the lord pays $180/m towards a mortgage, then the tenant is being exploited $20. (Of course, he's being exploited for more than that, but that exploitation is passed on to the lord as well in the form of mortgage.) Keep in mind that this isn't describing *all* forms of what we call *rent*, and it doesn't take into account payment for services. That is, economically, a separate transaction. If the actual 'rental' does not generate value in and of itself, and value is instead generated from services rendered, then it is possible that you are paying for labor rather than exploitation.
However, consider the case of my landlord: My landlord hires a handyman who provides these services for him. In order for this to remain a lucrative venture, it must be profitable, as he isn't providing any labor. So it *must be* that I'm paying for my own exploitation. Further, consider the case of the industrial landlord: Rental companies which mitigate risk with a diverse portfolio of properties, and whose profiteers also do not provide labor or even generally interact with tenants.
Now, this doesn't mean that an anarchist society could not support a relationship in which one party renders the *services* generally associated with property rental, but those services are, again, distinct from the rental process itself. It would still be lucrative to provide e.g. repairs for a home, as in that case the person occupying the home is simply paying for labor. If the occupant refuses to pay, then the laborer could simply refuse to work. No third party is necessary to enforce the relationship.
Rent, however, does rely on a third party to enforce. With the state gone, the land owner must rely on the *community* as his tool of power. So, considering that rent is exploitative and only to the benefit of a minority of people, why would a community seek to enforce it? Wouldn't you expect a community's members to act within their own interests?


Right, I'm referring to the technical/theoretical 'profit', not the colloquial.


On the topic, I said earlier,


And again, it's not merely a semantic disagreement. Ancaps are clearly attempting to preserve relations (ground rent and labor exploitation) which are exploitative. This is why ancapism requires either a central body of law defending private property (rothbardian), or law forced upon communities directly by private owners. Both states in all but name.


What is naturally occurring? Capitalism is, yes. So is monarchism, so is the state. Careful with the artificial boxes we construct.
What is naturally occurring *sans the state*? 'Capitalism' in so far as we mean markets? Yes, though that is not what 'capitalism' is technically, and, more importantly, it is not what ancaps consider to be 'capitalism'. Again, ancaps are not mutualists.


I don't disagree. What ancaps don't understand is that this particular example (or similar) is a prerequisite for capital relations. Capitalism (as a historical period) is simply the transfer of power from the aristocratic class to the bourgeois. 


I think you're missing my point. In the relationship described above, the employee is taking on 100% of the risk, despite not standing to benefit from any returns. The value that is used in speculation is value *generated by workers*.


 
Suppose Ahmed sees returns on his investment. Those returns are a portion of the value generated through labor at his business. (see below) So any investment of that profit is risk taken on by the employee. Now, the employee is not concerned with where Ahmed's initial capital comes from. The employee is only concerned with the value of his own labor. So lets say that the employee generates $20 or labor per hour, and is paid $19 per hour. This leaves Ahmed $1 of profit per hour. (We're ignoring the cost to manufacture, as that is passed on to the consumer anyway.) Would the employee be better off being paid $19 an hour, or would they be better of if they refused to give Ahmend what they produced, and instead made $20 per hour? Of course, $20 per hour is better than $19 per hour, so the rational employee with always choose the latter. Sure, if the employee chooses to reinvest $1/hour into the business, then they are risking 5% of their income, but with the other choice, they simply lose that 5% anyway! And if the rational employee will always choose to keep the product of their labor, why would a rational Ahmend ever even think to invest in private ownership?
**Splitting into second comment...**
@_date: 2014-02-20 05:10:00


Yes, I know. And I'm having fun with it too.
@_date: 2014-11-18 00:57:16
Yeah, so simple majority consensus must be maintained for a certain period of time (depending on how old the block is that holds the trx) 
@_date: 2014-03-23 12:24:37


You didn't actually address this concern. You stated why you don't have any ethical qualms with bitcoin. However, you're not responding to a question about ethics, you're responding to a question about the viability of bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-09 21:48:40
[It looks like spadinskiz edited his post at some point in the last five months!](
@_date: 2014-04-19 20:03:34
μ is a metric prefix.
Meanwhile, what is a bit? Is it short for bitcoin? Is it atomic like computer bits? I often say mBit instead of milibitcoin, and I'm sure many others do as well. Don't you think that will be confusing if there's an actual designation called 'bits'?
@_date: 2014-12-22 19:07:47


My point. (Well, except that if you're ordering shit online then theres a record tied to your identity and address, unlike when you're buying things in person with cash.)


Spending $45,000 over your $15,000 declared income? In a way that's easily tracked? You would get audited *so* fast.


Or a small rock.
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:38:37


Why would I pay rent unless there exists a state to evict me?










Nor do I, but keep in mind that no profit is being generated here. Instead, an agreed upon exchange is occurring. Jim is paying for an endorsement. This doesn't require a state to enforce, but also, this doesn't require an *ancap* state to enforce. If Ian stops paying Jim, then Jim merely stops endorsing Ian.
This is actually roughly equivalent to how craftwork occurred in Europe prior to what socialists call 'primitive accumulation' (i.e., the very beginnings of capitalism). An untrained laborer would seek the guidance of a trade master. The laborer would become an apprentice, and, in exchange, the master would keep much of the value produced by the untrained laborer. Once the laborer is sufficiently trained, he would start his own business.
Increased versatility in the merchant class (due to technologies such as the church bell and later the fire arm) and increased efficiency and quality of production as multiple generations of competing artisans strove to improve their products lead to increasingly wealthy merchants, tradesmen. Centers of towns became trade hubs called 'commons' or 'communes'. Taxes were traditionally levied against the peasantry in the form of a portion of their produce paid to the manor, so an increasingly prominent artisan and merchant class meant erosion of the aristocratic class. This all happened at a time when wool production was becoming increasingly lucrative (through no coincidence; wool was a resource needed for many trades). However, wool production required large swaths of empty land, which was, by and large, worked by densely packed peasantries. Thus, the aristocracy in England and France passed laws of private enclosure, allowing them to kick hundreds of peasants off their land, to be replaced with one or two shepherds.
Of course, this only exasperated the problem. With no where else to go, now homeless peasants found their ways into large towns seeking training from artisans. The result was an incredibly competitive labor market: where previously masters of a trade would train one or two apprentices at a time, there was suddenly a large enough supply of untrained labor to hire dozens. Of course, a craftsman couldn't train dozens of laborers simultaneously, but the vast supply of labor lead to a new business model: Rather than training a single apprentice in all aspects of a trade, train each laborer in one specific aspect of a trade. This presents a problem for laborers, though. As laborers were no longer taught the whole of a trade, they could no longer move from trainee to trainer. Instead, they were forever caught in their role as an untrained laborer. This allowed artisans to extract large quantities of wealth from the value generated from labor. This is what socialists call 'primitive accumulation'. Using their new found wealth (and free time, as they were no longer occupied with their trade directly) tradesmen were able to exert political power, directly in France and in the American colonies, and indirectly in Britain. They were also able to invest in productive facilities to better automate their trade, and/or to move into other industrial trades.
What has happened to the artisan? He no longer participates directly in production, nor does he train new artisans. Instead, his role has shifted primarily to investor, throwing his wealth around in an attempt to turn some wealth into more wealth. This 'more wealth' is what we call 'profit'. Some might argue that these new capitalists still held a role in production, in that they shielded the laborer from risk. After all, the decades following primitive accumulation were littered with failed businesses, and the herd was thinned. Of course, the 'risk' that the capitalist takes on is risk with wealth generated by workers. Surely workers could invest that value themselves and be better off. At worst they'd lose all of that wealth and be in the same position that they're in if they hand it over to capitalists. So it appears that the capitalist serves no purpose, accumulating wealth off the labor of industrial workers in much the same way that landlords taxed production from the peasantry. 
Then why does the worker continue to pay this tax? A self-interested worker would continue to work the same productive assets and simply keep the produce for herself. Ah, but our state has determined that the capitalist owns the productive asset, and is therefore entitled to its produce. So if the worker should takeover a factory, she faces punishment not just from the capitalist, but from the police forces which execute bourgeois law.


Well, there are plenty of socialists who do not understand the theory they claim to subscribe to, and/or who don't realize when they're getting caught in wordplay, so it's not surprising that you've found yourself frustrated in the past.
**too long, continued in second post...**
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:40:49


I'm not actually sure how this is relevant. Classical liberalism and classical libertarianism are not the same things, if that's what you're implying. Classical liberalism is somewhat older and refers to exactly what you described. 'Small' government existing primarily to support and defend capital relations. Classical libertarianism refers, instead, to a philosophy encouraging *no* government and an end to capital relations.
Edit: Note, I'm not referring to the 'left of the aisle' during the revolt, which were often *described* as anarchists, but were more accurately liberal. In fact, I wasn't even referring to the 18th century or the French revolt. See my edit above for a correction.
@_date: 2014-03-06 03:52:16
*Classical* libertarianism is decidedly leftwing, the term coming from the communist anarchist movement in 18th century France during the revolution. It's only in the last 70 years or so that the term has been adopted by the right wing. Most on the far left are some variant of libertarian.
EDIT: **WRONG.** This sounded fishy, so I went ahead and fact checked myself. The first 'libertarian' was Joseph Déjacque, a French anarchist communist, but the creation of the term (to describe someone who subscribes to a particular body of political theory) was coined in the *19th century* in France, not the 18th century. This makes a lot more sense. Though the crown labelled revolutionaries as 'anarchist', for the most part, liberal is more accurate. There did exist 'anarchists' in the 18th century (e.g., the diggers) but they did not have a fleshed out body of theory, nor did they call themselves anarchists.
@_date: 2014-12-09 23:16:59


Well, no, but if they don't then you can plainly see that they aren't, because the js you're served will be different, and you can just not use the service.


I'm not sure if I follow. They vulnerability in question *was* in free code.


No you don't. You have to trust them to write an algorithm that securely generates private keys *clientside*, much like you trust bitcoin-qt to securely generate private keys clientside. This same vulnerability could have been introduced to bitcoin-qt just as easily.


Your motives are not my focus here. It's that you're wrong.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:18:01
He's NOT_SURE.
@_date: 2014-08-15 05:57:59


You're posting in a subreddit dedicated to an unregulated currency who's transactions are confirmed by consensus.
@_date: 2014-03-08 01:54:01
No, you're right. His deceitful and cut-throat attitude helped quite a bit, I'm sure.
@_date: 2014-12-26 05:20:39


What do deterministic wallets have to do with anonymization?


Even if CoinJoin gets implemented in *popular* wallets, it doesn't actually launder at all. No more than paying for things in cash 'launders' money.


Of course this would apply more to purchasing large ticket items, like homes and cars. You can always beg your employees to just never purchase those things... but I don't think most people are going to want to be paid in money that puts them at risk, and restricts what they can purchase. Nor do I think most businesses will be willing to pay their employees under the table like that as it offers an incredible amount of risk in exchange for little to no benefit.


Ordering with a fake name is a great way to draw eyes and expedite an investigation. Go ask what they think of using fake names for deliveries.
Do you really think that the vast majority of people are going to increase their own risk by ordering drapes on overstock under a fake name in order to prevent their employer from getting audited? Do you really think most employers are going to be willing to engage in that type of risk to avoid forcing their employees to pay income tax?
If what you're saying was remotely plausible, it would have been impossible to levy taxes prior to 1996.


Hence, why no company is ever subpoenaed for anything ever.


The people who I know who own tens of thousands of BTC either keep most of their coins in cold storage, or with a trusted party like Cryptsy or a bank. Maybe that will change, but that's neither here nor there because they collectively have a very minimal impact on tax revenue, if any at all.


Maybe. No one actually knows.


Maybe. Will they also not notice that that doesn't actually provide any laundry at all?
@_date: 2014-03-14 04:53:38
**continued from previous**


There is if I start my own business and undercut the price of Ahmed's product. In a competitive market we can assume that this will occur, to the point at which the cost of the product to the consumer will be equal to the cost to produce (including the cost of labor). What you're describing (super exploitation) forms in monopolized markets, where a price nash equilibrium cannot be reached. But a monopolized market is not sustainable among a group of rational actors. We could expect another business to provide the same service at a lower cost soon after Ahmed launches his product, if doing so is lucrative.


I want to make it clear that I'm not saying that there is something *ethically* wrong with exploitation, just that it is a reality of capital relations. Many people interpret exploitation as ethically wrong, perhaps because it is to the detriment of the vast majority of people. Interpret it as you wish.


No, it doesn't require any ethical view at all. Rather, it simply requires the individual to be acting rationally. A rational actor will not encourage 'modest profits', because doing so would be to their detriment. A rational community will also not encourage (through law) modest profits, because doing so would also be to their detriment. Now, to be clear, this is *not* the same as modest *interests*, which can go towards covering the costs of labor involved in maintaining and developing their community. For example, a mutualist bank could offer a loan, but the community is only liable to recognize/authorize that loan if the value extracted is equal to the costs of maintaining the bank. To do otherwise would be to increase interests on *their own* loans.


I want this to be read without the least bit of snark: I'm not sure what your point is. What does this have to do with the theory?


[This is not true.]( It's not that hardware manufacturers are not attempting to make unrootable phones, it's that doing so is difficult.


I was pointing out that this freedom is usually subverted in order to make the relationship lucrative.


Maybe they will. That doesn't change the fact that the GPL does not protect against proprietary software as a service, or that organizations like Google exploit this flaw in the GPL.
@_date: 2014-07-08 19:40:51
But... that's not true. Security/liberty *doesn't* come with a cost of the other. Public key encryption provides very strong security without destroying liberty. Meanwhile, an organization which intentionally installs backdoors in software strips us of both.
@_date: 2014-03-07 03:55:14


I do, though it's important to note that ancaps are not anarchists, because they do not critique the state or hierarchy in any meaningful sense. There are three different major camps of ancap thought. The Rothbardian, Friedmanian, and Tannehillian. The first promotes a society in which a network of privately owned courts hire police forces to enforce a centralized code of law that protects private property, the second where private owners control police forces directly, and the third where people respect private ownership out of altruism.
The first two merely reorganize and rename the state such that those within its jurisdiction are have no control over it. The third is 'anarchism' in the sense that it does not envision a society consisting of a state or hierarchy, but it also lacks the theoretical rigor of other schools of anarchism, in that, it rests entirely upon an is-ought fallacy. (The writer believes that one *ought to* respect private property, and mistakenly assumes that this implies that one *will* respect private property.) In the same sense that 'Tannehillian ancapism' is anarchism, 'anarchist monarchism' and 'anarchist slave society' are both forms of 'anarchism', in that we can conceive of an incredibly hypothetical scenario in which actors consent to monarchy or chattel slavery. Of course, people are not generally going to act in ways that are outside of their own interests, so Tannehillian ancapism is nothing more than fantasy.


Mutualism most certainly rejects profit.


Syndicalism is more of a strategy than anything, however, your general sentiment is spot on. I can conceive of anarchist communist, collectivist, and mutualist organizations coexisting, and in fact, this is historically what large scale industrial anarchist societies have looked like.


This... just isn't true. There are plenty of anarchist and libertarian marxist organizations.


FLOSS isn't inherently anarchist. An anarchist orgainzation can publish proprietary software, and a capitalist organization can (and often do) publish free software. FLOSS is just a classification of software.


Does it matter what it's out of affection for? Right libertarians support the state, while left libertarians are anti-state.


If one doesn't support state enforced contracts then they're a socialist, simple as that. Some right libertarians seem to believe they're anti-state when they aren't making anything more than a semantic argument. It's important to look past the semantics of what we call a state, and look at the actual structures.
@_date: 2014-03-05 19:47:12


It's more like insisting that systemd is not Linux.
@_date: 2017-02-15 08:33:34
The Snowden leaks told us that Tor is safe, if used properly. Granted, that was a few years back.
The government has as much an interest in developing tools that allow for anonymous communications as it does in subverting them.
@_date: 2017-02-15 19:20:41
I mean, I can't really prove *anything* outside of math. What I can do, though, is point out how absurdly against their own interests it would be for the US government to organize one of the most monumental leaks in human history, massively undermining their own legitimacy, degrading relations between the US and Germany, including information that makes the NSA and its operatives look partial, petty, and unprofessional, and opening a big legal can of worms, just so that, included in that leak is a single slide that makes folks selling pot on the darknet feel more secure. Its even more absurd for the US government to do this, literally a week after committing purgery in a congressional hearing to cover up the spying programs leaked by Snowden. But no, I can't prove that Snowden isn't a false flag.
I can also explain how Tor works, that it would be very difficult- even for the most powerful government in the world because of the math involved- to subvert its ability to cloak your location. I can explain that its completely open source and one of the most thoroughly audited pieces of software in existence. I can also mention that it is built on open source primitives that are extremely thoroughly audited. I can explain that the US has as much a vested interest in keeping Tor secure as they do in undermining its security. But no, I can't prove that its secure.
@_date: 2014-11-18 00:55:42
??? Yes.
@_date: 2014-03-06 07:25:13


The word refers to a set of theory, yeah.


I am familiar with them, but merely calling oneself socialist doesn't make it so, just as the DPRK is not democratic just because it calls itself democratic.


@_date: 2017-02-15 19:36:54
And if thou gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will also gaze into thee.
@_date: 2014-02-20 03:42:21
Does a proof by induction that it is used in all instances (thus, showing every 'one instance' in a generalized form) count?
@_date: 2015-01-15 18:29:52


Really, it has nothing to do with what you actually support; anarchism is a framework for analysing social interactions.


No, its pragmatism.
@_date: 2017-02-15 08:28:24
It's not a 'Tor warrant', its much more powerful than that. Anyone using any tools that can be used to hide their location, from Tor, to I2P, to a VPN, to Bitcoin, to a normal proxy, to a phone GPS spoofer can have a valid warrant obtained against them.
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:35:18
Honestly, I only glanced at the article... but I sincerely doubt they've solved sybil attacks. My guess is that this is simply a decentralized PKI database, which is a great idea, and would address a security concern with PKI without having to rely on a central database.
Imagine that Alice hosts a website that performs two functions: It lists a user uploaded public key for each user, and it allows the users to message each other through the site. Or at least, it appears to do this. In reality, Alice has constructed a honey pot.
Bob uploads his key to Alice' site. Bob sees his own key there. However, when Carol view's Bob's profile, she see's a different public key that Alice uploaded, which corresponds to a private key owned by Alice. Carol client-side encrypts her message for Bob, unknowingly using Alice's public key. Alice decrypts the message, reads it, and then encrypts it using Bob's public key. Alice then sends the encrypted message to Bob. Allice has MIM'd the message, despite end-to-end encryption, and Bob and Carol are none the wiser.
The solution today is to check public keys against a registry, but currently those registries are simply centralized databases. They could be compromised with Alice's fudged data, or compromised in the sense of being made unavailable. 
@_date: 2015-01-14 04:33:45
But why male models?
@_date: 2015-01-24 21:06:40
Kickstarter does not allow projects like this. I don't know much about gofundme.
@_date: 2015-01-24 01:36:12
This time its alphabetical.
@_date: 2015-01-24 09:16:42
Yes, that is the solution today. And like I mentioned, relying on a certificate authority is trust-based and centralized.
@_date: 2014-04-19 20:09:10
So... websockets?
@_date: 2016-01-08 02:57:20
Do you guys use TOR or I2P for security yet, or are users IPs still exposed?
@_date: 2017-03-07 21:33:26
Y'all don't have some mythical super tech, but you do have mathematicians and penetration testers that give the NSA an understanding of consumer tech that is maybe a few years ahead of consumer understanding of consumer tech.
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:13:37


Excluding any transactions made with the fraudulent coins produced by exploiting vulnerabilities in the protocol?
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:58:35
But if they don't pass a hard fork now, they could do it in a month, no? Or in a year? And if they do pass a hard fork now, they could do it again in a month, or a year. Making a change to protocol now, for whatever reason, does not mean that the network is more likely to change the protocol in the future for any arbitrary reason. The miner's votes are their own, and they're not even a static group.
If Ethereum ever grows to the point where a major insurance player begins using it to run its contracts, it will likely be once the network has become much larger and more diverse anyway.
@_date: 2016-06-20 09:33:09
What's the difference?
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:15:37


Any cryptocurrency can do this...
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:50:19
My point is, why do the Ethereum miners voting to accept a hard fork at this particular juncture mean that Ethereum is more likely than any other cryptocurrency to accept any other arbitrary hard fork at some later juncture? It's a slippery slope argument that doesn't follow.
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:43:53
I think the difference is that in this case, the ability to run these applications is part of the functionality of the blockchain itself. Ethereum is a computer that ether can be spent on to run applications. If a bug is discovered in a popular gnu/linux tool, say, bash, and the bug was exploited, harming millions of gnu/linux users, it would make sense to release a patch to gnu/linux that would undo any damage done by the exploit if it was possible to do so, and it would make sense to install that patch, wouldn't it? So if it makes sense for *you* to install a fix for *your computer*, why wouldn't it make sense for *the network* to install a fix on the *world computer*?


Alternatively, perhaps the DAO token holders recognized that the Ethereum network is decentralized over hash power, not centralized to the crystallized intentions of Ethereum Foundation at the moment of release, and based their decision to invest on the security which that decentralized control offers.
@_date: 2016-06-20 14:27:56
The *reason* it was deemed an invalid block was because of the trxs in it. A hard fork of ethereum could also just rollback the blocks containing the trxs as well.


But the contract is an extension of the Ethereum network. Transaction processing is to bitcoin what Turing complete computing is to Ethereum. In 2010, Bitcoin modified its transaction rules and violated its block generation rules in order to overturn use of the transaction processing system in Bitcoin which violated the spirit of that system. Today Ethereum miners are considering a fork that modifies computing rules and violates those rules to overturn a use of world computer which violated the spirit of that system.
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:05:58
Bitcoin has had forks in the past. It is not a truly neutral payment processing network. A fork is a situation where the consensus of the network overrides the network's programming. In my opinion, this is a strength of cryptocurrency. It's not governed by a snapshot of Bitcoin Foundation/Ethereum Foundation at the birth of the coin. It's a decentralized currency controlled by the consensus of the miners. If hashpower determines that the rules of the network are no longer to their benefit, it can form a consensus around a new set of rules.
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:23:39
Ethereum's promised functionality is a Turing complete world computer. The world computer didn't promise not to implement patches for when vulnerabilities are found in the protocol, programming languages, or applications running on the world computer.
Ultimately, all cryptocurrency is the consensus of its hashpower (and/or stake).
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:27:55
If they don't HF, a government in the future can pressure miners to HF ban unpopular addresses... same with bitcoin. Ultimately, a cryptocurrency is its network's consensus. The thing is, both bitcoin and ethereum are unlikely to blacklist addresses at the government's request.
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:34:28
On the other hand, Bitcoin has blacklisted transactions... And the 'address' in this case is a contract, not a wallet. A piece of code executed on the network, not unlike a transaction.
@_date: 2016-06-20 05:35:06
@_date: 2016-06-20 06:32:46


Which is why we make attempts to fix the errors we make with them and reverse their impacts. Why shouldn't we do the same thing with a world computer?
@_date: 2016-06-20 08:50:57
In 2010 92 billion BTC were generated via an exploit. The network forked away from those trxs.
@_date: 2018-06-17 01:25:45
Nah, miners will mine at a loss vs. price because if they don't their overhead goes up since they eventually have to replace hardware to keep up with difficulty. Essentially, hardware depreciates with time regardless of whether you use it, so you have to run it constantly to maximize profitability regardless of what the price is at any given moment. They won't sell below $6k, however, because that makes their business model unsustainable.
@_date: 2018-06-18 16:47:42
'Perfect' is a very strong word that I don't think fits here.
@_date: 2018-06-16 22:29:38
Bitcoin can't sustain a price below $6k anymore because that's the cost to mine. 
@_date: 2018-06-17 03:12:58
Some people, sure, but most hash power is mining at about $6k/BTC, so thats where fundamental price support develops.
@_date: 2019-06-21 05:02:28
Which indicators? A lot have been kinda fucky lately. For example, the bond yield curve inverted back in March.
@_date: 2017-11-12 23:43:23
Could you make one where attacks that have occurred and attacks that are ongoing are marked?
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:53:12
I'd watch the shit out of BLOCKCHAIN, the Netflix Original series.
@_date: 2017-11-14 07:10:52
Yep. And a segwitless bitcoin with an 8MB block size only exasperates centralization. First, because larger blocks take longer to propagate through the network, so low hashpower miners and miners logically distant from high-hash mining hubs will have their chances of mining on an orphan block increased. Second, because lacking segwit allows Bitmain to [continue to] take advantage of a mining vulnerability called ASICboost, which gives the miner a 20% advantage. Bitmain owns the Chinese patent to ASICboost, and has built it into all of its miners.
* BCH inherently centralizes mining via the 8MB block size
* BCH inherently centralizes node ownership via the 8MB block size
* BCH further centralizes mining to Bitmain via leaving the ASICboost vulnerability open
* Bigger blocks allow miners to extract more coins/second via fees
* If a single miner (Bitmain/Jihan) were to monopolize both mining and node ownership it would be much easier for them to increase block rewards, or exert other control over the network
* BCH development is independent of Core, and basically already controlled by Jihan
This is Jihan's wet dream.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:08:00
So I guess I have two questions:
What is it about their understanding of SegWit that makes it difficult for them to implement/makes them want to avoid implementing it? Isn't it just an option in the wallet?
And, what exactly happened with segwit2x? I know it got canceled, but that seemed very abrupt.
@_date: 2019-06-21 05:15:39
okay but 2019 is technically since 2009
@_date: 2017-11-13 19:31:31
Beautiful! Thanks! Mind if I share this and the other one? 
@_date: 2017-11-19 23:34:56
His form could use some work.
@_date: 2017-11-12 10:04:06
Hasn't the first bug already been found? Block times are weird, so they're hard forking tomorrow.
@_date: 2017-11-12 18:24:29


@_date: 2017-11-16 03:26:05


In addition to being equivalent to increasing the blocksize to a little under 4MB, without actually increasing the blocksize above 1MB (segwit trxs are smaller than normal trxs), SegWit eliminates the ASICboost vulnerability, which allows miners to mine ~20% more efficiently in exchange for producing empty blocks. Also, Bitmain has incorporated support for ASICboost into all of its ASICs and it has the Chinese patent on ASICboost. So segwit addresses the network congestion created by ASICboost's empty blocks, and the centralization created by Bitmain's patent.


I would love to move to a more decentralized PoW system, like equihash or cryptonight. However, there's no way you could convince miners to support a fork that did this. Not only would it decentralize the network creating more competition, it would render all of their expensive server racks full of ASICs completely useless.


Yes, SegWit addrs will become the default addrs in the next minor update of the Bitcoin Core client. Other than that, Core is interested in developing second layer solutions like Lightening Network, and using Bitcoin as a settlement layer for those layer 2 solutions.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:29:30
No, I'm Satoshi
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:03:23
I'm sorry, I don't quite follow what you're saying. Could you expand?
@_date: 2019-04-22 18:48:14
Hey, you joke but that 0.0001 BTC will be worth 0.0001 BTC some day.
@_date: 2019-04-22 17:45:31
best plan IMO is to take three copies of the private key for a paper wallet, split each copy into 5 or 6 pieces, so 15 to 18 pieces, and store each piece in an envelope marked with the number 1, with a different institution, spread across the globe, with none of the complete sets staying within the jurisdiction of a single country. Repeat this 100 times incrementing your marking each time (each institution can hold 100 fragments from different wallets, its just a stack of envelopes) Of course, sending from these wallets would prove difficult, but you could just treat them as a reserve that you only access once every year or two to allocate funds from. That way:
* It can't be beaten out of you
* You can't forget your keys or lose your keys via head injury
* cost of storage is still much lower than the cost of storing gold
* 5 or 6 different institutions would have to conspire against you to compromise your keys
* even if some of the institutions turn into attackers, they have no way to know what other institutions, groups, or individuals are harboring the rest of your key segments
* even if some of the institutions lose or destroy your envelopes, you would have to get very unlucky and have 3 matching institutions lose/destroy your envelopes
* even if you are compelled to reveal which orgs hold which envelopes, and you are pursued by an org with subpoena power, it would be difficult to carry out a subpoena which requires international cooperation
* if funds are compromised for a single wallet (biggest risk of that would be the ceremony where you reconstruct the key to send to a lower security wallet now and then) its less of a deal, as they've only compromised 1/100th of your fortune
EDIT: Instead of splitting up a single key, you could use multi-sig. Instead of having a retrieval ceremony, you could set up locktime trxs to a lower security wallet, and retrieve the keys to cancel those transactions if necessary. I think you may only be able to have a single timelocked trx per wallet, but you could set up 1 trx from each of the 100 wallets, and then do a reset ceremony after each of your wallets sends a trx. You could also have many more than 100 wallets, and put 1 emissions worth of coins in each wallet.
If proper smart contracts were available on bitcoin you could do multiple timelocked trxs per wallet, and set it up so either the source *or destination* key (or even a third key with no fund access) could be used to cancel the timelock. That way if one of your destination wallets is compromised, you don't have to reduce security around the source wallet to cease transactions from it. You could even allow the destination or third key to set new destination/third keys so if your low security key is compromised, you may have an opportunity to set a new one without reducing security around the source keys.
@_date: 2018-03-19 15:16:32
Ah yes, the "buy low sell high" strategy. It's a bold move. Let's see if it pays off.
@_date: 2018-03-19 05:29:11


no big deal, its only $8000 now.
@_date: 2017-10-06 18:20:44
The genie would likely go right back in the bottle if governments actually became hostile to it. I don't really see that happening, though. Governments and banks are getting cozy with blockchain.
@_date: 2017-10-06 17:08:31
I'm 27 and work in a field that would not exist if not for Chomsky's contributions to computer science and linguistics. And I far from agree with everything Chomsky has to say.
But hey, lets say I'm 14. Fuck, let's say I'm 12. And lets say I had never heard of Chomsky before I started googling for responses to your previous post. Lets say I still don't really know who we was, its just that I found a video where he seems to be saying some pretty on point things.
What of it? What does that have to do with the conversation we were having? 
@_date: 2017-10-06 05:55:13


Wait, so there really are weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?
@_date: 2017-10-06 14:52:31
Yes and? It's still fake news, whether the news is regurgitating republican party talking points or not.
Also, its not as if there wasn't huge bipartisan support for the war.
@_date: 2017-10-06 15:43:15


Reporting incorrect facts without any scrutiny- not just from the administration, but also from third party sources which supported the narrative of the administration- while publishing a stream of opinion pieces urging war is pretty fake news.
But yeah, the propaganda techniques, aesthetics, and level of self-awareness of the fourth estate are going to vary a little from random Russian blogs.
That doesn't mean that its not fake news.


There was pretty large disapproval on the left. Huge protest marches that went mostly ignored by the media. Among democrat politicians, though, the situation was more complex.
As you point out, however, a large majority of senate democrats supported the war. In the house, which tends to be more populist, a whole 40% of democrats supported the war.
@_date: 2018-07-28 00:36:53
Thanks! That was informative. I rarely use Twitter, and am not familiar with all the ins and outs.
@_date: 2018-07-28 00:04:07
If that's the case, then how did someone with Donald Trump's name and picture get verified?
@_date: 2018-07-24 02:33:51
When were you last in China? I have no idea re: this particular thing, but it seems like stuff is moving quickly over there in general.
@_date: 2017-10-06 18:23:17
You might try thinning out the red cross so it covers less area of the S2X, and/or making the area where it crosses over S2X be not completely opaque.
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:17:29
LN is in use right now
@_date: 2018-04-25 21:00:25
Ah, I got excited for a moment. :(
@_date: 2018-04-27 22:14:53
So the issue is consensus, like I was saying, not a break from a historical protocol.
@_date: 2018-04-25 16:20:26
That's fair, but I think kind of skirts the point, which is that sometimes inferior products will dominate markets due to factors orthogonal to the quality of the product. Another example are Beats by Dre, which are inferior quality for the price, but have a majority of the revenue share and a plurality of the market share of the headphone market.
Regardless, I'm extremely skeptical of BCH's potential to usurp bitcoin. I was skeptical when it first forked, but am increasingly skeptical as LN matures and BCH price movement settles. Of course that doesn't mean its impossible, and it also doesn't undo the damage already done and currently being done to the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem by BCH and its most prominent evangelists.
@_date: 2018-04-12 01:22:19
I don't honestly agree. Sure, handling point of sale is a huge plus, and it seems like cryptocurrency is moving in that direction which is great, but cryptocurrency really derives most of its value from the perspective of being a digital, programmable gold. A hedge against fiat currency which is cheap to manage, and can be programmed (eventually) to manage land and equity.
@_date: 2018-04-25 21:47:01
what a twist
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:14:24
1/1000th is a little bit of a stretch. BCH doesn't even have an order of magnitude more vendor support than dogecoin, nevermind 3 orders of magnitude.
@_date: 2018-04-24 22:38:34


It can be both.


Maybe, maybe not. VHS didn't die out because it was inferior. Either way, an attack that's unsuccessful at eliminating BTC is still an attack, and its already successfully leeched hash power, resulting in a less secure blockchain. Its already created a lot of confusion and uncertainly reducing investor and miner confidence.
If BCH' goal was to simply offer alternative functionality to users who want it then it'd have no motivation to use SHA-256 mining, the Bitcoin history, or the Bitcoin branding.
@_date: 2018-04-24 22:28:43
It depends on what your next action is after getting angry. For example, if you then take a screenshot, circle the difference, and then post it to a popular relevant subreddit that actually would change something as it will make people aware of the attack and more skeptical of the attackers.
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:24:43
The argument being made is that BTC broke continuity with segwit as well, not to mention, the protocol has changed many times prior to that. They're different coins than what bitcoin was before segwit, so the idea that BCH isn't the real bitcoin because it broke the protocol rules doesn't seem very strong to me.
Vendors and miners by and large support BTC and theres a common understanding shared by most vendors most users, and most of the media that BTC = Bitcoin. That's what makes Bitcoin Bitcoin. If you call something else Bitcoin then you're playing on people's assumptions about the world to mislead them, its as simple as that.
@_date: 2018-04-25 19:27:51
Does that mean he's still running a mail server?
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:53:21
That's fair, it was a softfork sorry Im a little drunk. But either way, BTC has hard forked in the past and its still Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-04-27 18:07:17


Well no, but ASICboost handed a massive 20% advantage to the miners who own the patent. Of course Bitcoin has other issues relating to centralization *as well*, but ASICboost was/is a centralizing force.
@_date: 2018-04-24 22:13:47
Problem is that BCH is an attack on the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem because its splitting the hashpower of the the oldest and highest hash power PoW chain while simultaneously creating industry-wide confusion and uncertainty.
@_date: 2018-04-25 03:03:13


I was talking about betamax, not DVDs.
@_date: 2017-05-23 02:11:00
Right. I think people are conflating events and the ethics surrounding those events. He didn't get a life sentence because he tried to have people murdered, he got a life sentence for trafficing drugs. Which is arguably pretty fucked.
He also tried to have people murdered. That was not brought to court, but it happened, and reflects on his character.
It seems like all parties here are just all kinds of fucked up
@_date: 2017-05-23 13:33:26
Doesnt he himself admit that he tried to have people murdered?
@_date: 2018-04-24 22:32:58


Just to be clear, 0-conf trxs are equally viable on both BTC and BCH. RBF trxs are opt-in in BTC, and rejection or warning of incoming RBF trxs for PoS vendors can happen at the application layer or the LN layer.
@_date: 2018-04-27 21:32:36
They would need to implement segwit to fix transaction malleability.
@_date: 2016-05-03 18:15:57
No, he's saying that the creator of bitcoin probably violated tax law through the use of bitcoin, assuming that Satoshi ever bought anything with BTC. That would be extremely difficult to pin on him, though.
@_date: 2019-05-30 17:26:34
ITS UNDER 9000!
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:42:02
They would be canabalizing their payment services in order to better leverage their primary service.
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:50:23
I get paid more in Bitcoin than I do in USD (two different jobs) so *someone* is spending Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:09:43
*Holy fuck!*
~~You~~ Someone just paid my water bill!
I mean, in theory. I'm going to let those BTC apreciate for a while. ;)
@_date: 2013-12-27 02:58:38
Except that banks gain that interest from returns on loans...
@_date: 2013-12-30 23:37:37
Generally developers release version 0.9 of something prior to 0.11. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 05:23:23
What I meant was "I'm not sure if this is satire [of bitcoin criticism] or not." I realize the site itself has a satirical bent. I didn't feel it neccisary to point out exactly what kind of satire I meant because, well, it seems blindingly obvious what I *didn't* mean considering the context. Though in retrospect I could have been clearer.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:55:27


Nano-transactions, even. Exciting.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:27:32
Thanks! How exactly does this work? Is this different from bitcointip? Do I need to install that extension?
@_date: 2013-12-12 04:06:30


However, the business is only capable of engaging in these relations because of social pressure from said dictator. If the dictator wasn't there to prevent workers from revolting, then property owners would have to make offers which are more economically beneficial from the perspective of the worker.
@_date: 2013-12-14 09:25:27
Right, I don't subscribe to notions of justice.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:44:57
Mining isn't worth it anymore, but you can buy a fraction of a bitcoin. They're not going down to £200. In fact, they just exited a correction cycle, and settled at £450...
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:16:15
I am and I approve this message.
EDIT: Here is the original article: 
@_date: 2019-05-21 16:06:43
or even just sign a single message.
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:29:41
BUY BBQ NOW
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:55:06
Wow, my heart litterally jumped! Not only is that way more BTC than I've ever touched before, it's nearly a week's worth of post-tax pay in USD...
Thank you anonymous donor!
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:28:25
It's six years wages for me. That is *definately* life changing.
@_date: 2013-11-20 00:30:23


Did you not read what I wrote? I imported it into blockchain.info last night because I didn't want to wait hours for the blockchain to build.
@_date: 2013-10-28 19:15:35
That didn't really address my question.
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:55:36
Sure, you can, but the value and adoption growth rates of bitcoin can't. Remember how much Bitcoin dipped when the SR got busted? It barely dipped at all. At the time, the SR was only around 4% of the BTC network transactions.
Most people who own BTC own it to use it to buy things, own it because they've been paid in BTC, or, most likely, own it based on speculation that more people will buy things and pay other people in BTC. The moment BTC is forced underground is the moment the value pluments to that 4%. That's 4% of what, 300 or so? So $12 a coin? A lot of people would lose a lot of money.
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:11:54
I don't really see many people managing their own wallets in the future. Services like blockchain.info are getting very popular now, as they offer the advantages of both local and online wallets. As a result, 'losing your wallet' will make about as much sense as 'losing your back account'.
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:01:46


Could you expand on that? I'm really interested in mastercoin/protoshares/bitshares.
@_date: 2013-10-28 19:14:30
Why would anyone use it over blockchain, then...?
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:48:31
"em-bits" sounds pretty cool, IMO. It sounds like the currency that would be used in some cyberpunk novel or something.
@_date: 2013-12-17 05:49:22
144,336 bitcoins... or about 1.2% of the total number of bitcoins in circulation at the time.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:40:18
It's not bullshit, I've just never had a transaction (in that wallet) before today. I tried mining and using faucets way back when, but I didn't pool mine, and I guess I never made the minimum to cash out on those faucets, so I made literally nothing.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:21:33
The good news is that they're not banning exchanges, just transaction handling services like bitpay.
@_date: 2013-12-30 20:25:11
If you scratch off the ~~serial number~~ (mint date and location? If they dont bother putting umique IDs on nickels, jus pretend I said greenback instead) then there is technically no way to identify the coin as legitimate USD and it also loses all value, at least in theory. Of course, like the bitcoincoin, you are still free to trade with it as if it holds value.
The point being, that bitcoin is only tied to computing and the Internet (and electronic networks in general) because of how convenient these networks are. Bitcoin could be mined with pen and paper, mined blocks could be sent around using the postal system, and miners could mint 25 (perhaps 25,000 would be more appropriate today?) metal coins when they mine a block, each containing a private key which, when exposed, voids the value of the coin, and a hologram to identity it.
Of course, this would *still* be a network, so the creator of this post is still technically most correct, however, I don't think it is harmful to conceptualize bitcoin in this way- even if this is not how bitcoin is commonly practised. It *could be* so if creating imagery which conveys this type of bitcoin helps people to understand the value of bitcoin, then I don't think producing such imagery is disingenuous or misleading.
@_date: 2013-12-27 22:10:33


...The comment you replied to.
@_date: 2019-05-23 04:08:33
I don't think it matters that total supply is finite (for the purposes of scarcity). Imagine if each block produced 50 BTC from the first block, on into forever. Or alternatively, imagine there is a reward halving every few years, but the total number of bitcoin still converges to infinity after an infinite amount of time.
The latter situation is comparable to something like gold, where work must be produced to procure gold, but the total supply in the universe is (practically) infinite, and the amount of work required increases as more gold is mined. While the former is comparable to something like energy or clock cycles, where the amount of work per unit remains constant. (well, these examples don't really remain constant... but you get the idea) In either case, resources remain scarce and are assigned non-zero values. Compare to digital bananas, or Double Spend Coins which can be produced instantly, and which have no cap.
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:04:47
You know you can import wallet.dat files through blockchain, right?
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:52:36
I don't know exactly when I was playing with that wallet, other than that the 'creation' date was late 2010 and the 'last modified' date (the last time I tried to use a miner, I guess) was early 2011. If it gives you any indication of what period it was, I remember going to a faucet and seeing a banner that said that they had *just* stopped giving away full bitcoins because the value of BTC had risen to the point where that was no longer sustainable.
I played those faucets a little, but I guess I never made enough to cash out.
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:20:24
I'm pretty sure I fell asleep an hour ago and I'm just dreaming that a bunch of random Internet people decided to give me Bitcoin... This is crazy.
@_date: 2013-10-19 01:35:01
Are any of the proceeds going to go to the charity? (Or are you not affiliated with the Satoshi charity?)
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:30:57
None of those are actually arbitrary. They're all amalgamations of existing terms.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:36:34
Thanks! I transfered it into my blockchain wallet. I'm gonna use bitcointip for tipping, as I'm not really a fan of coinbase.
@_date: 2013-12-17 00:40:49
What if every country bans it at the same time? Sure, you could still use onion sites to carry out transactions, but how many people are going to do their christmas shopping through Tor?
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:38:29
History repeats itself.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:24:46
I didn't lose any BTC. I just never actually made any. I was hoping all that mining and faucet hunting I did back in 2010/2011 actually put some coin in my wallet... Nope.
@_date: 2013-12-12 06:15:47


You're misunderstanding my point. The reason these types of relations are possible is because the the precense of the state. I explain this better in [this post.](


We're speaking in lofty terms right now, but believe me, they are relevant. Just give me some time to relate them to things more concrete.
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:50:18
Until BTC gets more dividable and that's no longer the case.
@_date: 2013-12-29 08:39:53
How can DNA be acid? We'd all melt!
@_date: 2013-12-12 00:20:08


I'm pretty sure he did. Cryptsy may have unintentionally given consent, but that is still consent. In the same sense that, if I sign an agreement to take an adjustable rate mortgage, and I don't realize my rate will increase, I am still liable if it does increase. Why is it that businesses get a pass when dealing with people, but people don't get a pass when dealing with businesses?
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:58:02
My point is that its arbitrary. I can read and understand that, but no one else is going to know exactly what '1 bit' refers to.
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:24:20
Does Coinbase use clientside encryption like blockchain.info?
@_date: 2013-12-03 04:37:11


Though they could just gen 5CocaCola35EMZmqKvrGE4Qc9bUFf9PX3xaYDp, or one of many other equivalents using a vanity address generator.
@_date: 2013-11-19 07:06:51
It was a really suspenseful sequence of events, too. I knew I had created a wallet, I just didn't remember when or on which computer. I assumed it was on an old computer that I no longer owned, and had had its hard discs wiped. But then I remembered an old laptop, with a broken screen that I hadn't touched in a while. Just opening this thing brought back memories... After plugging the computer into my television, I proceeded to search my computer for 'bitcoin', and nothing. Then 'wallet' and, to my surprise, there is one result: wallet.dat.
My eyes got wide when I looked at the creation date... 2010...
I went through the tedium of finding USB storage, transfering my wallet over to the storage, then transfering it back to my current machine... And finally, importing the wallet, which seemed to take forever.
And, at the end of it all, 0BTC. :[
EDIT: Thank you so much to whoever gave me 0.1618 BTC! That's a lot of money to me! Is there anything I can do to repay you/the bitcoin community without actually... you know... repaying you? I want to put BTC posters up around campus or something now.
EDIT2: Three donations! Thank you so much! I have to pass out now as I've got class in a few hours, but I really do want to do something to give back to the bitcoin community. Posters are going up this week, for sure. Any other low cost ideas? 
@_date: 2013-12-12 01:23:59


And you're supposed to write stable, secure software if you expect customers to trust their financial assets with you. Or not? Negligence is fine if you're a business, but not if you're an individual?
@_date: 2013-11-20 06:32:07
Nice find! I wish I was you! :)
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:07:49
Though he can't actually use those BTC...
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:45:29
What are you planning to buy with 2.3e8 bitcoins? A planet?
@_date: 2013-04-22 12:01:23
No. I want to be a part of something.
@_date: 2013-12-12 02:27:52


What if its the case of someone who directly benefits from the presence of a dictator. Say, a business owner who can simply call the police if workers strike or threaten to take over the business?
@_date: 2013-10-24 21:50:09
That's what I was thinking. Change the price to 5 mBTC and start selling 5 mBTC to the dollar. If you can get people to hold on to a portion of those BTC instead of buying candy with them then you gain a little in overhead too. (1 USD is worth slightly more than 5 mBTC) This would only make sense if $1 is less than what candy costs at the vending machines in his place of work, though.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:17:18
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:55:09


And I'm telling you that that's going to make it less accessible. It would work if it caught on and everyone started using it, yeah. Tautologically so. But then, so would zorfals. Zorfals would work better, even, because there isn't an existing, contridictory, defintion to confuse people with.
@_date: 2013-10-02 21:55:28
"computer hacking conspiracy"? Wtf?
@_date: 2013-12-12 01:54:39
Is it still the right thing to do if that wallet belongs to a thief or a dictator?
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:32:07
*Magic* Internet money!
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:18:47
What do you think BTC will be valued at against USD in 5 or 10 years? This is obviously a more speculative question, but most of the predictions I've found online do not give time estimates.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:40:06
You'd need to find your wallet.dat file. Do you know if you ever installed a miner/wallet on a computer? Check that computer, and if you do find a wallet, you can import it in blockchain.info.
@_date: 2013-11-26 09:19:07
Right, I wasn't being so literal. Sorry if I miscommunicated.
@_date: 2013-12-06 14:33:44


You kidding me? That's six years wages for me. If 60k fell into my lap, I could take six years off and work on whatever software projects I want, or focus on finishing my BS and getting a MS without having to worry about work- or just take a 6 year sabatical and do nothing but smoke weed and play video games. That's *huge*, and I would *not* have given it back if I were in his shoes. I'm not even sure if that's the traditionally 'ethical' thing to do. Who's money is that? How likely is it that they accumulated it through exploitation or some other nefarious means? Wouldn't it be more 'ethical' to take a chunk of that 60 BTC and donate it to some charitable organization? That way you *know* its going towards a good cause rather than, most likely, some robber baron's wallet.
I think the decision to give the money back is foolish, and shows poor ethical intellegence. This isn't surprising for a 15 year old, and not something he should feel bad about as he clearly thought he was doing the right thing, but it's something that I hope he trancends as he ages.
This is of course assuming this actually happened.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:31:39
There's a bitcoin in my boot!
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:30:21
No, you're right. I created an empty wallet years ago and saved it so that I could post it on reddit for worthless Internet points once the price of BTC jumped.
I actually have 0.0003 BTC in another blockchain wallet that I earned taking Internet surveys. And a comparably small amount of mined litecoin in a third wallet on another old computer. I've been watching bitcoin on and off for years, I find it very interesting, though I live paycheck to paycheck and can't afford to buy any. That said, I recently convinced my dad to buy around 3BTC at $300.
@_date: 2013-12-17 02:58:00
Not only is he not selling, he's also buying *a lot*.
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:36:31


You're still missing my point. Traditionally, the word 'bit' is extremely *not* arbitrary. It is an atomic, undivisible unit. Changing that is going to introduce some confusion.
@_date: 2013-12-17 09:34:49
Don't mistake me for saying it's likely. I'm still bullish because I don't think that will happen, and the countries which don't ban or try to regulate bitcoin into extinction will be more competitive than those which do.
@_date: 2013-11-14 08:45:16
Where do you think were going to hit another cycle peak? I'm expecting it to get up to 850, then drop down and stabalize at 600, before returning back to exponential growth.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:27:17
No, texting was horrendous on those old flip phones.
@_date: 2013-12-10 22:10:54
So its just an informational page? Like if google linked to a bitcoin information page on their front page?
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:12:07
Beats me!
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:49:35
I imported my wallet.dat file on blockchain because I didn't want to have to wait 6 hours downloading the whole blockchain, or however long it takes now.
@_date: 2013-11-19 08:56:16
Was it you?! I have the biggest fucking smile on my face right now, you wouldn't even believe. That's a pretty considerable amount of money to me.
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:41:49
Not "google", but "googling".
And 'bit' has an etymology, but its entirely distinct, and in some ways contrary, to this proposed use.
@_date: 2013-10-29 00:24:41
But investors aren't actually producing, they're just funding production.
@_date: 2013-12-29 08:46:17
v0.11 = beta (eleventy% complete)
@_date: 2013-10-19 01:41:38
When this is all said and done, can you post with the number of times this thread has been gilded?
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:38:19
Well damn, thanks!
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:21:01
Yep. I think I mined with it for a little bit, but I didn't pool, so I didn't actually mine any blocks. And I tried those faucet things, but I guess I never got their minimum to cash out or something?
@_date: 2013-12-14 01:20:00


No, I don't believe in fairness. I'm a nihilist egoist. That's besides the point, though. I specified in my post, 'ethical in the traditional sense', which I took to be some form of utilitarianism. 
@_date: 2013-11-28 11:43:44
I think your solution seems even more confusing. How exactly would 1 'bit' be defined? Is that equal to 1 mili-BTC? 1 micro-BTC? 'Bit' is also easily used as a shorthand for bitcoin, so its easily confused with a full bitcoin.
My solution is that a milibitcoin is pronounced "embit" or "em-bee-tee-see" and written "mBTC". and a microbitcoin is pronounced "youbit" or "you-bee-tee-see" and written "uBTC". These retain their SI roots, only use English alphabet characters, and don't hold the same negative connetations as actual SI prefixes. Plus, they roll off the tongue. 
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:16:28
Then BTC will have to become much more divisible. It's already getting a little top heavy.
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:57:50
I'm pretty sure this cycle is over.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:48:29
So, I'm confused as to what I'm looking at here. Is this saying that I created the wallet in 2011? I'm pretty sure the creation date on my laptop was 2010. I might check again later, but that means lugging that machine back out of storage, hooking it up to the TV, and dealing with a broken and crash-happy install of Windows 7.
Maybe the blockchain copy of the wallet was created on Oct 15 2011? I have a wallet.dat file that I didn't immediately remember how to open, and was pretty sure I'd have to spend a day downloading the blockchain or something, so I just imported it on blockchain.
@_date: 2013-11-28 12:58:27
Now, don't get me wrong. We're not talking a top of the line planet- not some earthlike paradise in some star's hospitable zone. But hey, Neptune? Perhaps a warm and cozy Venus? Sure! It's the modern equivalent to buying a small island.
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:23:26
I must have just missed that... I remember seeing a banner over a faucet I was visiting once that said that they had just stopped offering full BTC to visitors because the BTC was worth too much. I tried faucets, but I guess I never made enough to cash out.
@_date: 2013-12-12 00:05:33


Eh, you'd be surprised. I'm a student and at an internship, but I know software engineers who don't make much more than that even after graduating. It's a matter of living/going to school in a very rural area where there isn't quite as much demand for software. Throw in student loan debt and $60k over 6 years can make a huge difference for a student or recent graduate, even in STEM or other high-demand fields.


I'm not sure how you get that impression? All we know about him is that he's 15, as far as I'm aware.


What makes it 'not his property'? Someone else's claim? Why is that claim more valid than his? Legally, posessively, and contractually they started as property of an unknown party, then ownership was transfered to Cryptsy, and then later transfered to OP. Why is it that the first party in this chain holds legitimate ethical claim to the property?
Let's say that there is a 'party 0' in this chain, which held the property before 'party 1'. Perhaps party 1 recieved the property at gun point, or perhaps as tax at threat of gun point, or perhaps as the exploited labor value only possible as a result of said threat of gun point. Is this still party 1's property? Or is it now party 0's property?
@_date: 2013-11-19 21:42:33


There's no bubble. BTC seems to go through cycles, though. It gets a little over valued, drops, then gets unvalued as people panic, and then converges on exponenntial growth. It's just settled, so if you wait for it to drop again, you're going to have to wait until it grows *a lot* first.
@_date: 2013-10-28 16:15:42
The services he funds may provide service to consumers, but what is the implication from the perspective of a worker, or from the perspective of pareto optimality? If his investments return more than they cost- which would be the only reason to engage in them in the first place- doesn't that imply that he's absorbing a certain amount of value which would otherwise be circulating?
@_date: 2013-11-19 09:12:41
Fix'd. Thanks for the heads up, though!
@_date: 2013-12-03 06:11:27
Are you actually retarded?
@_date: 2013-11-08 02:37:45
The people with the most money, and their colluding states.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:11:49
Check out the original white paper and the wiki for more information. Also,  on irc.freenode.org.
@_date: 2013-11-26 08:48:04
He'd risk identifying himself. His wallet is watched probably more than anyone else's.
He probably has a fair stash in another wallet somewhere, though.
@_date: 2013-12-30 07:39:30
I the same sense that a nickel isn't itself USD. (it just contains a serial which is associated with 0.05 USD)
@_date: 2013-12-29 23:43:58
v0.1 (10%) -&gt; ... -&gt; v0.5 (50%) -&gt; ... -&gt; v0.9 (90%) -&gt; v0.10 (10%) -&gt; v0.11 (11%)?
@_date: 2013-11-19 20:31:04
Yep. Didn't even realize it until just now, thanks.
@_date: 2013-12-17 03:08:42
@_date: 2013-10-19 01:36:00
Fuck you, captain crunch is the shit.