@_author: the_scho_empire
@_date: 2018-08-23 01:37:04
Happy to help... it's not trivial stuff, and most of the analysis you'll read in the news or textbooks is more ideological than accurate. Money supply is the result of organic complexity - it's opaque and impossible for any one person to fully understand. 
It's worth noting here that the "money supply arguments" for bitcoin (ie, printing press / inflation of fiat) are not only technically misunderstood, but is going / has been in reverse since 2008. No matter the mainstream commentary on printing money, there's been no inflation outside of energy prices for over a decade. *This is a deflationary environment* - which is, all else equal, is bad for hard assets.
All that said, bitcoin and crypto offer an interesting evolution in money, but in a way that no one's discussing... Bitcoin doesn't need to become a successful payment system to work as money - it just needs to be accepted as collateral for money. I have to imagine that this is the real interest financial institutions have in it.
2007 / 2008 happened because of dollar shortages in money markets, as a hell-of-a-lot of money dealing was predicated on bad collateral (both in terms of quality, and the same securities pledged many times over). But a blockchain could tell you exactly the integrity of the collateral backing your positions, as well who  else (if anyone) has claim on it. The entire money system would be somewhat more-able to avoid bad risks.
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:07:58
Most of the suggestions here are wrong - though there's some academic basis (that poorly reflects reality). The relationships aren't static; like all economics (small 'e' - not Economics, the academic religion), human action is too complex and varied to be reduced to immutable and persistent rules.
Bonds are debt securities. The bond specifies when the principal is returned to the creditor, as well as whether there's an annual coupon payment (interest). These are fixed in the bond's covenants, and the ratio of coupon to principal is referred to as the 'yield'. 
Treasuries are bonds issued by the US Federal government, typically considered "risk free" due to the government's history of repayment and perceived credit-worthiness. The benchmark "risk free" Treasury, used for cross-asset comparison, is the 10 year-maturity. 
The Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) is the central bank, which in old-times was responsible for the money supply. The FRB has two mandates:
1) Stable inflation (usually targeted at 2% per year)
2) "Full Employment" (academically conceived at 5%)
"Money printing" is the misconception that the FRB responded to the 2008 crisis by expanding the money supply, which would reduce the real value of anything denominated in dollars (the currency in your bank account, outstanding debts, investments, etc). 
The FRB offers interest on overnight deposits (this what is meant by "the FRB is raising/lowering interest rates), so banks put excess cash there in the short-term. This offers competition for shorter-maturity bonds, hence interest rates *usually* view FRB deposit rates as a floor, with "curves" rising  off of them - increased risk on the bond (due to the issuer's creditworthiness) or longer maturity (more time for things to change) tend to pay more interest... Bond holders need extra compensation to hold them, instead of safer and more immediate / liquid money equivalents.
All this gives the FRB too much credit. Nowadays, a dollar is a denomination, not a currency centrally managed by the FRB. The money supply is created or destroyed by interbank liability lending - the value of your 'dollar' (really a 'eurodollar') is determined by the balance sheet capacity and risk-tolerance of global money-center banks... 
The reality - interest rates are set by the market, and are manipulated in the short-term by central banks. CBs have more influence at the short-end of the curve, since they can raise or lower their deposit rates. At the long-end (10+ years), markets forces are less easily coerced. Hence, they're a decent reflection of real monetary conditions and growth expectations.
A flat US Treasury yield at 3% (current conditions) suggests low growth expectations, deflation (bad for bitcoin, gold, or other 'hard assets'), and is the equivalent of the market "calling BS" on the FRB. Eurodollar futures have an inverted curve, suggesting more and more pain / deflation throughout the money system.
@_date: 2018-08-23 11:33:18
Pure clickbait manipulation, too... Same article (exactly) replicated across a couple of crypto outlets. The body text's content doesn't even substantiate the headline
@_date: 2018-08-22 19:36:06
You're giving them too much credit, though, and misunderstanding the mechanics of eurodollar money supply / economics (again, small "e").
Yes - the FRB bought bonds from banks. But those bonds are the collateral that underlies wholesale money dealing! This has the effect of further constricting the money supply. Great for bank PnL, but entirely counter to the idea that they're "printing money".
The FRB paying market value for a bond is far less than the total supply created by leverage and rehypothication of the same security. Especially if the bank is not then re-lending the proceeds (they aren't).
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:48:26
The entire global remittance flow is $500bn annually. Even if bitcoin totally takes over that market - which it'll have to compete for - there's still a hard limit on how much it can appreciate.
Disruption is not open ended. And remittance flows are down for the last two years.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:31:26
It sounds like your view of the world is a little monochromatic, and you're letting your ideology interpret facts for you...
First - it doesn't make any sense to say chartalism has failed every time it has been tried. It's obviously untrue and easily proveable. Show me the commodity value of wampum, or any number of other exchange tokens that have no commodity value. 
Chartilism has always persisted in various pockets of the world, even when industrial economies experimented with metallism. 
On the contrary, metallism has had a very poor track record wherever it's been tried. Again, empirically, we tried it and got rid of it because it didn't work. It was the same government with a monopoly over money that turned us onto metallism, and got us off of it. That argument doesn't hold any water.
As for where bitcoin fits in - it's a hardline view of chartalism that the *government* needs to be directing economic activity, therefore created currency. 
Personally, I believe in self-emerging, complex, adaptive systems. Anyone who believes in Darwinism already believes this in a biological context. Money is created by economies as needed, often without design or deliberation - and sometimes the state plays a heavy handed role in that. But there's plenty of instances of chartalist money systems where states are either weak, failed, or never existed.
Is bitcoin the right monetary recipe? No, I don't think so. But it's amazing proof of concept and has a strong first-mover advantage in a new space. I don't need to believe that it's perfect to own some or speculate in it.
As Andreas has pointed out - there will be other cryptos. Their mining curves will take different shapes, some may be more responsive and adaptive. Some may usurp all existing cryptos and fiats. Let's try to be open minded?
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:46:09
It's amusing how you think any contrary opinion is FUD, especially those backed by quantitative research.
The research OP posted is new, but it's message is old to anyone who's actually worked in financial markets. 
You're free to emotionally respond to posts like this, but you'll only hurt yourself by ignoring them.
@_date: 2017-11-26 21:29:40
I sold out half yesterday, half on today's rally.
Prices don't go straight up, nor do all prices hold. I'm thinking there was a lot of dumb money coming in the last two days, and I'm happy to trade against them. They're setting up a pretty epic sell-off.
I'm also cautious about the futures launching. I would not be surprised if the futures slow the rate of BTC's advance, which will lead to a lot of impatient, inexperienced people to sell out. Nonetheless, a lot of money on the sidelines looking to go short.
I'll be looking to buy back in on a sell-off, but I view bitcoin as a trading vehicle. I think there's real risk on blindly HODLing, assuming that bitcoin will be worth $100k in a few years based on some undefined valuation method. I'm comfortable holding a little long-term as a gamble, but nothing about bitcoin meets 'investment' definition.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:13:33
No one is consuming bitcoin - it's [supposed to be] a currency, not a consumable good. You're misusing those terms. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:18:35
We're all entitled to our opinions. I'm not offended by anyone who disagrees, I've found the debates lively and helpful to solidify my own opinions and thoughts.
I'm offering my views as someone who's had skin in the game and an inside understanding of how the banking and securities businesses work, and the technologies that support them. I hate closing positions and don't do so lightly - hence I wrote down my thoughts as catharsis. 
If people are offended by them, or think they aren't trustworthy - that's their decision. I could be wrong, and everyone is free to disregard my thoughts for any reason they want.
In my experience, it's never a good idea to reject an opposing opinion because it doesn't conform to your views. But that's just my opinion. Take it or leave it.
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:55:20
By definition, bitcoin is speculative. You're betting on price appreciation, not on the asset producing tangible cash-flow.
Investments require an expected, calculable return. Very few buyers are purchasing bitcoin based on actual investment models.
Which is fine - speculation is the grease that helps financial markets move and discover 'natural' prices. 
The argument shouldn't be that bitcoin isn't speculative, but that some speculation (within limits) is okay.
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:07:06
I think it's important to separate out the spot price from the actual adoption and use. And since the blockchain is public, we can do this pretty easily.
Transaction volumes, for reference:
By comparing price to transaction volume, it's clear that a lot of people are buying bitcoin - but not transacting in it. 2017 is almost the same as 2016, despite many new wallets being created. That makes me doubt that we're in an S-curve with adoption. 
I think it's more likely that most of the blockchain transactions we've seen over the last 18 months are people receiving bitcoin for fiat as they join the party - not 'endogenous' bitcoin payments (actual use of bitcoin as a currency between buyer and seller).
I've seen the same price action in illiquid stocks - it goes exponential instead of linear. Bitcoin is pretty illiquid, so I'm inclined to think that's what is happening here. Especially when there isn't similar exponential growth in transactions.
I'd love to see other data to suggest real adoption is taking off. But I just don't see it in the public ledger.
@_date: 2017-11-29 04:16:14
All cruelty springs from weakness. Your lack of civility and maturity isn't surprising.
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:55:31
Did you know, mammals survived that extinction even too?
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:23:56
The best strategy is just not to be greedy or regretful, no matter what happens.
Sir Isaac Newton made a solid profit on the South Sea bubble, then got greedy. Bought back in at the top, then lost his shirt selling out on the downside.
People forget that trading and investing is a game about survival, first and foremost. If you're eating well, just be conservative and  don't get greedy.
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:46:24
I hear you, and you're right about holding in general. Frequently transacting is typically less profitable than holding most assets, unless you run HFT algos.
My point is simple: expected returns decrease as asset prices rise. A rise from $1,000 to $10,000 is huge and unlikely. From $10,000 to $100,000 is orders of magnitude less likely. 
At some point you have to start banking profits. I've seen price action like this in other assets and it's never ended pretty.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:43:47
See, I get this argument, and I appreciate that you're acknowledging that it's speculative. I agree that it has the potential to take away a big chunk the fiat value held by gold.
That said, I hate gold and think it's grossly overvalued. I can see bitcoin advancing on a 'greater fool' trade against gold, but that's not investing. It's just trading against fools.
ADDED: As for how quickly this could occur, let's not fool ourselves about how entrenched gold is. There's a big generational gap, and many incentives to hold gold thanks to lobbying securities regulators. For example, most banking and securities law treat gold closer to a cash equivalent (compared to other alternative assets) for the purposes of calculating regulatory capital. And thanks to securitization (eg. the GLD exchange traded fund), gold is more portable than bitcoin for institutions.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:07:46
No arguments there, gold should float somewhere between $200-350/oz. 
It's in that same vein I have a hard time seeing upside in $10,000/BTC. Neither are intrinsically valuable - neither produce any yield or grant the owner to productivity in the real economy.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:23:29
That is correct. But market makers have mandates to keep flat books - meaning no less that a few weeks inventory, and minimal directional exposure to the market. 
If they sell the contract, the only way to stay market-flat is to own BTC (until they can offload the short-end risk to another market participant).
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:27:43
NP! 
Post script: Your in-laws are absolutely right - max out that Roth IRA! It's the best investment vehicle available to working Americans, and you'll eventually phase out of it if you earn too much. And always contribute enough to the 401k to maximize your employer match, it's [sort of] free money.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:47:14
I think you missed the point. I'm comparing the two most valuable points in gold's last 100 years, and it still lost purchasing power. Take 1980 vs any other date, and it lost purchasing power on par with fixed income.
It's not asset protection, even looking at the most optimistic and bubbly points of its trading history.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:04:19
It sounds like you understand the risk and your tolerances, so kudos.
I agree on the liberating potential of the bitcoin protocol. I don't think it can get to that dream in its current form, but thankfully there are really talented people working improvements and iterations.
@_date: 2017-11-26 14:57:51
Gold's industrial value is around $200 an ounce. I'm 100% agreed that gold's price is the result of speculation rather than investing.
It captures a risk premium from investors looking to diversify from stocks and bonds, but it actively destroys value. Rather than producing cash, it costs cash to stockpile and protect it. Anyone buying it is betting against volatility in other assets causing the price to remain stable or appreciate, not because gold is a productive part of the economy.
In this regard, bitcoin is better than gold. But neither are actual 'investments'.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:40:49
Thank you for the kind words!
I 100% agree - $10k may be way to early to liquidate. But, personally, I don't need to be on the rollercoaster when it gets that high.
Expected future returns on all assets decrease as their prices go up. $1,000 to $10,000 was rare an unlikely. $10,000 to $100,000 is orders of magnitude less likely. It could go much higher - there's no anchor for a real price. But I don't need to have any risk on for it.
@_date: 2017-11-26 15:39:22
Show me a valuation model for those things that supports $9,000/btc.
The entire global remittance flow is ~$500bn annually. The amount clipped by transfer agents is a fraction of that. It's an existing market we can use to value bitcoin, which would put the price sub-$1,000. 
And that's assuming that bitcoin holders retain the same economic exposure as stockholders in a money transfer business. In reality, only the miners have the same rights (to collect fees). 
EDIT / loose math follows: World Bank data suggests an average 7.4% fee for remittances. This suggests $37bn captured annually by all transfer agents, which would equate to $2,224 BTC - if - bitcoin became the entire money transfer market overnight (and put every existing player out of business immediately). And that's still under the assumption that ownership of BTC == ownership of the fees, which isn't how the technology works.
In reality, you can hold or sell as much BTC as you want. The value from money transfers are captured by miners, not BTC holders.
I'm still long some BTC, but the current prices are crazy even for the technology's legitimate use cases.
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:24:34
If you're young and don't need the money soon, I'd just recommend buying equity ETFs and sitting on them. There will be rare periods of drawdown (up to ~50%), but over the long-run they'll outperform every other asset - and without the stress of active management or frequently watching prices.
Tickers: SPY (US large stocks), VT (all-world large stocks), and IWM (US small stocks). 
All of them invest in companies - which generate cash. Some of this cash will be paid out in dividends that you can re-invest, and some will be retained and reflected in rising prices. But you'll have ownership in real, productive parts of the economy - not speculating or hoping someone will pay you more for a token.
@_date: 2017-11-27 13:35:12
Well, we'll see. I'm happy to make a few multiples. There's a lot of money to be made on a bubble, so long as you sell before it pops.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:52:19
I don't think it's an unreasonable comparison - the supply of bitcoin was explicitly modeled after gold's extraction curve. They're both forms of 'hard money.'
It's more portable than gold, but that doesn't radically change the supply and demand for it. Securitized gold (eg. GLD) offers similar portability, in a regulated environment.
@_date: 2017-11-29 00:04:51
Looking at the list here:
I only see the following public companies accepting BTC directly:
 - INTU
 - DISH
 - ZNGA
 - EXPE
 - MSFT
The rest either don't accept it directly, or aren't public. 
If I get really bored one day, I might run this through one of my research apps. But with only 5 stocks and a few weeks of in-sample data, we wouldn't be able to draw valid conclusions.
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:40:30
Coinbase is for retail traders, though. I'm not sure I follow your point. 
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:30:34
Just looking at the 1-hour chart on GDAX... The price is having a harder time holding above the moving averages, and the averages are converging.
Looks like it'll roll over, but you never know. Technical analysis isn't rigorous or accurate.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:28:06
Because he's both a value investor and a consumer rights advocate.
He takes it very seriously when people are misled and taken advantage of. He created the first index fund to stop Wall Street from fleecing small time investors.
I'm honestly surprised he didn't use stronger language.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:19:37
Long-term trend, there's no comparison. Stocks crush gold by many multiples as inflation protection. Nowadays TIPS obviate whatever role gold may have had, anyway. 
My point was simple - anyone expecting inflation hedges to act as performed will be disappointed. Especially when, in the real world, they're buying the hedge when inflation expectations are high (and the hedge/gold is likely near a peak).
The best hedge against inflation has always been to have money in productive parts of the economy that generate yield (in excess of inflation). Neither gold or bitcoin qualify, as they're non-yielding, non-productive assets. It is *always* a greater fool trade.
This is why I love shorting gold whenever gold bugs get too enthusiastic.
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:49:46
Apologies if my last comment implied things I didn't make explicit:
 
Given the opportunity cost, why would any allocator put money in gold vs stocks...?
You can say that you pay for yield with risk, but gold also exposes you to market risk and doesn't yield anything. Most of the time it only provides marginal dampening against inflation, so what am I missing?
Gold is even less competitive in today's low volatility environment when puts are cheap. If I want a real hedge against both inflation and my market risk, how would gold out-compete a mix of stocks delta hedged with puts?
@_date: 2017-11-26 16:36:03
But those aren't calculable or predictable, and operate more as stock spin-offs / splits than dividends.
You have a non-yielding asset dividing into two non-yielding assets. Doesn't change any of the underlying cash-flow modeling.
@_date: 2017-11-26 18:55:37
I'm definitely not underestimating it, I'm just not sold that bitcoin is the answer. 
That's the same line of reasoning that pushed gold around $2,000/oz after the financial crisis, which I happily shorted.
The solution to over-extending credit is deleveraging, not switching to a deflationary currency. Deflationary currencies are bad for growth. A government would never intentionally adopt one, and any market system that adopts one will be out-competed by  those using a mildly inflationary currency.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:18:34
"Let me try another bad analogy because they are free." 
I LOL'ed at this. And again, thank you for an insightful post. 
You make a lot of good points, from assets deriving value from their utility and the inherent human capital in certain projects / investments that make them more competitive than others. 
And I don't disagree that bitcoin (as a protocol) can support an ecosystem that will be many times more valuable than bitcoin itself. 
My hang-up is this: I think you can have the ecosystem on that same protocol without the scarcity imposed by bitcoin. In fact, you can divorce the bitcoin protocol (as a set of rules that computers obey) from the bitcoin token, and end up with more flexible and useful product. The scarcity (what's driving value today) could end up being it's downfall, as it imposes a high cost on using or building any higher-level ecosystem. 
The protocol just needs to provide a high-enough certainty of transaction legitimacy. And the protocol can already do that without hard-limited scarcity of tokens, and at a fraction of the hashrate currently committed. These strike me as conspicuous inefficiencies. It has some scaling issues, but that's an engineering issue that will be solved in time.
Why do I need to intermediate through a bitcoin, when I can use the same blockchain and protocol to directly swap the assets? The underlying mathematical proof and confidence isn't any different, but it should cost less. 
The technology behind Ripple could do this today, but it's a closed blockchain. There's nothing stopping an open blockchain from doing this.
I think there's an apt comparison here to railroads in the 18th century and airlines in the 19th. They were transformative technologies that provided obvious value to society. But that didn't make them good investments. To the contrary, they both destroyed most the capital put into them for a century. With radical transformation comes radical competition.
And those were managed as private, for-profit enterprises in a less competitive economy. Blockchains are global with much lower barriers to entry. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 15:15:10
By definition, most buyers of bitcoin right now are speculators. Everyone is expecting the price to go higher, without any discussion of what the calculable return is / should be. Or any kind of cash-flow, etc. Which is okay - some speculation is a good thing for financial markets, and there is some real value in bitcoin.
But ask any HODLer for a valuation model, and they'll come up empty or start spouting a narrative about how bitcoin will transform the world. The market is moving more like TSLA stock, based on a story, than anything grounded in the real world.
I don't doubt bitcoin's power to disrupt, but there's no cohesive valuation model for it that would meet 'investment grade' criteria. 
Disclosure: I am long BTC but sold half my holding yesterday.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:49:10
Good talk, thanks for stopping by
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:57:30
I do agree, I could be made to look like a fool if it tops out at $50k, or higher. But I'm comfortable with that, knowing how it's nearly impossible to call a top in anything and I've made good money. I'm also not opposed to re-establishing a speculative position on a massive sell-off, depending how the space develops.
At a $150bn market cap, bitcoin is being valued like a top-40 US equity. I think that's harder to digest for a lot of people than when it was valued like an unheard of microcap stock. 
Is bitcoin generating as much real economic value as Boeing? Absolutely not. At least at a lower valuation, the 'story' gives it more room to run because expectations are lower.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:15:58
I've worked in compliance functions and stay on-top of regulatory enforcement actions. It's crazy what people (bankers, traders, managers) get caught for - and even crazier for what they don't. 
I've also developed a very low confidence in regulators - they operate to keep their jobs, not to keep the system safe. This means prosecuting small offenders when cases are easy, not going after the big, systemic issues. 
I'm glad you found my comments helpful, and hopefully everything works out well!
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:45:09
Good observation on  though I think for global remittances it's still superior to most money transfer agents today. 
I'm not sure how / when AML gets integrated into a BTC payment system. I think that's a good problem to have, if BTC gets there. 
If it gets there, I would assume its solved some of the scaling issues that would make it cost-competitive with traditional institutions? 
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:41:38
Interesting observation, although I don't think it's limited to fiats... There have been plenty of societies throughout the ages that haven't placed exchange value on gold either.
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:12:20
Happy to help! The fear of missing out can bite hard - but it's harder to lose money when you have doubts in the first place.
I know from experience :)
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:57:57
Thanks for the encouragement! Good money management requires seeking disconfirming evidence.
I'd be lying if I said I did this completely altruistically... I'd love someone to refute a point - if I'm wrong I'd like to know better!
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:31:13
I answer the CME question a few times in the comments to a post I made yesterday; 
Might be worth looking at the whole chain, Crtl + F'ing "CME" and reading the other comments, too.
As for a mixed portfolio... I still hold some Monero because I like the encryption. But bitcoin has a huge first-mover advantage on the alt-coins. 
You could take a venture capital approach, and buy a small amount of every alt-coin as soon as they come to market. The few that rise 1000% will hopefully make up for the total losses (scams). But I'm thinking the only people who make any real money in alt-coins are the ones that start them...
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:02:54
I LOL'ed pretty hard at this
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:19:46
Reading a lot of the comments here insulting Jack Bogle - do a quick Google on him. 
He's probably the most effective consumer advocate of the last century, and has done more to disrupt Wall Street than any single person (including Satoshi).
Ethically, he's a lot closer to the bitcoin community than people here realize. Don't hate him just because he's not saying the things you want to hear.
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:05:43
The great thing is that there's a million things to trade, and if I want another 10x return I can wait for a great opportunity in the options market.
Greed gets you slaughtered and embarassed.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:10:11
I would argue no - neither are yielding assets. You're just subdividing one speculation into three.
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:19:38
It's right at the bottom, price-to-transaction fees.
I'll give them credit for trying, but it's still apples-to-oranges. It'd be fair to compare the price of running a mining farm to the fees, but the coins are totally non-yielding...
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:52:33
I don't think it's an unreasonable comparison - the supply of bitcoin was explicitly modeled after gold's extraction curve. They're both forms of 'hard money.'
It's more portable than gold, but that doesn't radically change the supply and demand for it. Securitized gold (eg. GLD) offers similar portability, in a regulated environment.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:10:31
Thank you for the serious reply. Are you looking at a stop loss to protect the holding?
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:38:40
The CME thing has me a bit stumped, and my instinct is caution. The market will need market-makers, who try to keep a flat position while buying and selling to anyone who wants to get into the market.
In order to do this in a safe way, they would have had to been accumulating BTC over the last few months (probably prior to the CME annoucement). This would explain a lot of the price gain recently, but also would cap future gains.
For example, if I sell a contract to a speculator, I need to hold BTC to match my risk exposure (if BTC goes up, I lose money, so I hedge it by owning BTC). This also means that if BTC goes up, I need to sell my BTC when the contract expires, to have the cash for settlement. 
Net-on-net, I see volatility decreasing. 
Now - I also wouldn't rule out any shenanigans. There's a lot of pent-up interest in BTC, and I would not be surprised if there's manipulation in BTC's price in order to sway the futures. If I sell three month futures at a 20% premium, I have a strong incentive to see bitcoin stay flat or go down in that timeframe. And if it goes down, I can accumulate more inventory on discount.
Because bitcoin isn't well regulated, we could see some ugly stuff. I don't need to be in the market for any of it...
As for the technology, it helps to know how things are done today. Are you familiar with databases, and settlement/clearing? The impressive part of bitcoin isn't so much the cryptography, but the parts of transactions it will make obsolete (which are long, expensive, and error prone).  
A decent primer is here: 
As for other solutions - there are other cryptos, obviously, that offer differing levels of security and anonymity. I'm forgetting the name and can't find it on Google, but there's a digital payment system in Kenya built on top of prepaid phone minutes. There's the Grameen bank and other microfinance. Cryptos are just one part of a broader trend toward decentralization.
A century ago, a cabal of 6 banks did all the financing in the US. Nowadays, you can go to kickstarter. It's getting really interesting, fast.
Long-term... Who knows? That's part of why I'm out now. Bitcoin may not have any value in the long-run, and may just be a protocol. Like TCP/IP - it's something of value, but that doesn't mean it will be monetized.
A lot of digital technology has been adopted and made available without anyone paying for it (at least not near the value it brings society). My point is exactly this - just because bitcoin has been rallying this year and it is certainly valuable, that doesn't mean the price will be higher in the future.
Or it could be like railroads in the 18th century - obviously valuable, but a massive source of wealth destruction for those who financed them. Maybe the run-up in price now is misguided, but gets the attention needed for bitcoin to operate as a transfer protocol?
No one can know..!
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:19:22
Well, that's the definition of a market price, isn't it? Suggesting that just because people are willing to pay it is the 'greater fool' argument - if there's a greater fool willing to pay more, the price stands. 
But what about when there aren't any more fools with cash to spend?
Real estate actually fits neatly into a cashflow valuation, so you could justify that it's 'worth it' by looking at the cash saved instead of renting (or generated by renting it out). Because it has some yield, you can put a boundary on what's foolish.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:17:20
Anyone here remember when the S&amp;P was approaching 2000 for the first time?
It was a big psychological barrier. It traded up to 1999.95, churned there, only to collapse ten points.
There's plenty of smart money in bitcoin, and it knows the dumb money can't wait to break $10,000. They won't make it easy - they'll lure as many people in near the nice round number, just to pull the rug out before you get there. 
Everyone who buys in at $9,995 and sells out at $9,850 gives them a pretty nice profit for a few hours of work. Especially in bitcoin, where you can run algos to spoof the bid and ask to guide the price without putting up any risk.
Caveat emptor, always.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:15:16
Playing devil's advocate: then why hasn't that already happened with gold? Gold trades into every currency, and has deeper liquidity than BTC. Hell - the BTC mining curve was modeled after gold.
These arguments are identical to what people were saying about gold 2008 - 2009, and gold doesn't have the novelty / technical complexity hurdle to clear.
 
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:09:48
There's no legal recourse unless they were intentionally sabotaging their own systems to prevent market access.
Reputable security brokerages still have technology outages that prevent clients from trading. It's bad for business, but a client's claim about 'what they would've done' never entitles them to civil recourse.
If there was bad engineering or noncompliance with certain regulations, there might be a fine. That's it. 
But seeing as Coinbase is only regulated by the NYS DFS instead of FINRA, I don't think there are any binding guidances on technology management.
Source: I've held managerial positions in the technology departments of FRB and FINRA-regulated broker/dealers.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:24:57
Elaborating would be helpful
@_date: 2017-11-30 00:50:22
I've heard of Tether, but haven't done much honest research. I've seen a lot of accusations of fraud, which means I probably should get to the bottom of it.
As for price stability - I don't think we get there unless bitcoin is relegated to a crypto backwater. Without a supply response, there aren't any automatic mechanisms to stabilize the price. Demand would need to be static, or at least change in a linear way without much volatility.It's much easier to think of the shape of the graph than what that reality looks like.
I'd be curious to read your note, it's a good question. A good answer would need to make some assumptions around bitcoin adoption. When a crisis happens, are we at the point where it's actually being used as an exchange vehicle? A store of value? Or what? What penetration does it have in any of those niches? All could lead to very different answers.
And I think you're absolutely right about that trap. It's a big world and a flight to safety could take any number of unseen forms. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 23:12:50
I'm worried about this - at a minimum, it'll be a big volatility event. 
My guess is that a lot of the buying from the $5,000 level has been firms looking to make a market in the futures. They're accumulating so they can short the futures. 
That said, they'll have a strong incentive to slow / cap price gains, and even induce a sell-off. And yeah - if they have a lot of inventory, they'll have the firepower to exert price control.
I'm biased to the downside, so I've sold my BTC for now.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:50:59
Happy to help, and answer any questions. I'm still forming my own thoughts, so the feedback is useful!
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:40:38
My point is that hard money arguments were disproved by gold since 2008. A 30% rise is weak compared to other assets, and it's still ~50% off its highs from 2011. 
Go figure, you can't inflate during deleveraging. 
PS. All assets always trade at market value - by definition that's the price we see. Show me a valuation model that validates the current price - saying it could capture a share of the money chasing gold isn't a real valuation. Nor does it say anything about what the price of gold should be.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:32:43
I've heard this argument before, and think it has some merit. As you pointed out, the team behind bitcoin would provide a lot of confidence as the reserve currency for an ecosystem.  And because it's the first mover, it's likely the reserve by default.
However, two glaring impediments stand out to me:
 * If the reserve currency is deflationary, the whole ecosystem will struggle to sustain real activity
 * Bitcoin hasn't been tested by a real crisis yet, and it's supply curve is designed to be unresponsive
A diverse ecosystem will need a common reserve, and bitcoin is the obvious answer for now. But bitcoin is too young, and the ecosystem is more theoretical than real at this point. It's a credible idea, but I wouldn't let it drive any investment theses right now.
@_date: 2017-11-27 15:10:20
Number of accounts doesn't mean anything, though. It's about money flows.
Who would win? 100,000 new bitcoiners, or 10 well capitalized brokerage-bois?
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:10:31
Is anyone here familiar with the Wall Street term "talking your book"??
The price can go anywhere, there's no anchor in real economic activity and value. If you have money flowing in, price will go up. 
But Novo is now a sizeable portion of the bitcoin and ether market, all on his own. Of course he's going to say it could 'easily go to $40,000' - it's what he wants. What do you think happens once he starts taking profit?
I respect the guy, but you never take anything anyone on Wall Street says at face-value.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:22:09
I do think there's been massive accumulation since a few weeks prior to the CME's announcement, which explains a lot of the rally from $3,500. 
That said, I don't think it's to short the futures and crash the market. It's just how the business works. Most of the firms signed up to trade the futures day-one surveyed their clients to anticipate demand, and have been buying enough coins to cover their risks when they sell them the futures.
(the market maker will be short the future and their clients will be long)
Now, a few interesting things can happen as a result of this. I don't think a nefarious short-and-FUD crash is the most likely option, but there could certainly be bad actors who know they can act with limited repercussions. 
More likely, once a market-maker matches the short side of the trade (find a client who wants to be short bitcoin), they'll sell their exposure. Then they're holding BTC they don't need - they'll look to rinse and repeat, but eventually the market will hit a saturation point and equilibrium (shorts and longs as balanced as they can get, no new participants).
Once that happens, they'll probably dump whatever BTC is in inventory, in order to reduce their market risk. No idea how long that will take, though. Probably a few weeks at a minimum. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:54:29
That's awesome - years ahead of the US. If we even get there. Much respect.
The tax treatment alone makes it impractical to pay anyone in crypto here, in the unlikely event they'll even accept it. Each transaction triggers a capital gain/loss event, which you're liable for reporting. 
This is not how innovation is fostered...
@_date: 2017-11-26 23:49:18
We might be experiencing that right now. 
Any market maker looking to start trading the futures isn't going to start accumulating in December, they would have already started.
I'm sure the CME approached a few firms with their plans, and anyone who agreed to make markets have been accumulating for weeks.
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:59:06
Read the paper, and the news. Dalio is still in favor of keeping rates at 0.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:54:22
I don't like making predictions, but it seems like a lot of folks on reddit are going to feel very abused once professionals start entering this market en masse.
If anyone thinks this is FUD... Just wait
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:58:20
Well that's why I originally held some. But I know markets well enough to know that upside is not unlimited, and gets less likely the higher you go. 
Smart money sells into rallies and buys into selloffs. The sorts of gains we had this year are extremely uncommon, I wouldn't expect similar upside in the future. As prices move up, expected future returns decrease.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:52:11
It's hard to see the top, it's best not to try calling them. Good call on keeping your allocations cool and within your objectives!
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:53:48
Well, it makes no sense because they're comparing the fees yielded by the network to the price of the token.
But the token doesn't yield fees, the miners do. The tokens don't yield anything at all. IMO this is the biggest argument against bitcoin 'going to the moon'.
The metric (when applied correctly) makes total sense - but it's usually used to evaluate stock prices. Lower PE ratios are typically good, because there's a greater margin of safety. 
If I'm only putting up $19 to get $1 of earnings (eg. Apple), I have a lot less risk than if I put up $300 (eg. Amazon).
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:30:34
Re: Property - What made you certain it would keep going up? 
Re: Gold - Cross border payments are one of the areas I think bitcoin really excels. . But that doesn't mean that the token is actually worth anything. I would agree that bitcoin is more valuable than gold, but neither have value as 'investments' under a strict definition.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:05:09
Happy to add any perspective where I can. Do you have any questions that would be helpful to answer?
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:46:13
I like being overweight cash, so I'll probably keep most of it in USD for now... use it to settle my bills over the holidays, and figure out what to do with the rest going into 2018.
As for the bubble cycle... I don't rightly know. The futures market should blunt some of the volatility, but bubbles will persist so long as there's willing participants. With Wall Street still mostly out of the crypto market, I would guess there are still some booms and busts ahead. And probably a few caused by Wall Street whenever we get there.
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:47:43
Thank you for your concern.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:39:14
I see where the analogy comes from, but I think the mechanics are quite different.
Dividends are usually funded from operating profits. It's the cashflow (yield) under the hood of the stock certificate that's being returned to the investor, rather than sitting on the company's balance sheet as retained earnings. It's actual cash release, some share of whatever value that company produced. 
Even if the company retained the earnings, the stock would be more intrinsically valuable, because as a shareholder you own that money (whether it sits in the company's balance sheet or your brokerage account).
BCH and BTG are still not yielding assets. There's no cashflow to be released. It's just BTC subdividing into other trading vehicles, which the market is also valuing at some non-0 amount. None of them generate any yield or cash to be released. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:04:02
I'm confused why this website has so many gifs and so little to say.
Obviously traders disobey their trading mandates and even risk managers have bad ideas, but you don't look smart by posting fake news.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:43:08
Absolutely agreed. They charge a lot now because they can, not because it costs *them* that much to move the money. And existing players won't go down without fighting and adapting.
I do see competition from cryptos as a big driver to lower costs. Even if bitcoin doesn't own that market, its efficiencies will drive gains for everyone in it.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:23:59
Investopedia takes a lighter touch than a serious money manager would. I'm assuming it's written that way as a simplification. 
For example, I can have a stock that never pays dividends, splits, or does a buyback - but has consistent retained earnings from it's operations. The market will bid up the stock in tandem with the money retained in the company (after all, a dollar is a dollar even if it's encased inside a stock), and I'll only realize a profit when I sell the equity.
In a mechanical sense, I'm investing in the price appreciation. But I owned the whole company outright, I'm getting return from operating activities.
Bitcoin does not generate return. Bitcoin miners, however, at least yield new BTC.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:09:16
Bitcoin, as designed and promoted by it's supporters, isn't a good... Currencies aren't goods. 
I'll call it a bubble, with a pretty firm grasp of monetary economics and distributed databases.
Bitcoin (the technology) is revolutionary - for sure. But that doesn't defend an unlimited price for the tokens.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:02:41
I don't think I've ever had a real dollar value in mind as to what bitcoin is worth - more a general sense of: "this is huge and disruptive".
Honestly, I initially bought in just so I'd have a stronger incentive to understand the technology and watch the space.
My inability to create a firm valuation is partially why I'm out now. I can't anchor my expectations or actions in a bounded model, so any price is just as rational (or irrational) as another.
Trading is as much about math as it is knowing how to game your counterparties. I saw bitcoin dominated by non-professionals, but gathering the attention of professionals. Between the price action this weekend and the impending futures contract, I don't see a good niche in the market anymore.
@_date: 2017-11-28 14:06:01
Comparison to US assets is purely for familiarity. Financial markets are highly distributed and interdependent - about 50% of the earnings in the S&amp;P 500 come from outside the US... So I'm not sure that bitcoin offers something truly unique in it's distribution.
Diamonds actually make a pretty good analogy, because the supply is artificially constrained to make them valuable. Just like the electrons powering bitcoin, there's ample supply in the world to meet all demand. But there's a cartel in charge of mining and distribution to limit supply, just like bitcoin's mining curve. 
Alternative coins may take a different approach - maybe some of them will succeed in time.
I think the tragedy is that bitcoin would be a great solution today for all the people living in places with unstable, untrustworthy governments and banking systems. But can they afford the transactions right now? No - because (relatively) rich people in a handful of places are gambling on the price, and enticing spammers to clog the network.
I think there's an important distinction to make - bitcoin (or other blockchains) can succeed without the tokens being in a bubble. I actually view this as the most likely outcome.
The first few stocks traded in France and the UK were massive bubbles (see: Mississippian and South Sea bubbles) - but global equity markets now run into the hundreds of trillions of dollars. But those original stocks are now dead and worth zero. Food for thought.
@_date: 2017-11-28 13:00:39
Fees are high, but they'll come down once the network scales up. And scaling is just an engineering problem, with a lot of really smart people working on it.
Bitcoin is a great story - and that's where the wind is coming from. An as a psuedo-libertarian technology junkie, I love what it does. Great stories move markets further and faster than sound financials (see also: TSLA stock, Uber's private valuation).
I think the issue comes down to - which is the bigger story? The technical advantages of an open and distributed ledger over centralized databases, OR "here's an asset that has climbed 1200% over the year and you can buy a few hundred dollars worth on your credit card TODAY!"
There's a special place in hell for the folks who lure the masses into financial schemes they don't understand. It seems like most people buying in don't understand the technology or the asset, they're just chasing a price. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 17:48:39
Thanks! Where do you disagree?
@_date: 2017-11-27 12:43:41
Right, but no risk manager will let their traders go short the contract without a hedge to the underlying. Ergo, anyone selling the futures day-one well need to own enough BTC to keep their trading book flat.
Added for clarity: Any broker making a market in the futures is, fundamentally, in the business of selling the futures. The only 'natural' side for this trade are the miners. A firm wouldn't stake it's liquidity on cash settlement of the contract. They'd need to have long exposure to the underlying, and a substantial position on the other side of the futures from making markets for those who are 'naturally' long (eg. buy contracts from miners and sell to speculators in a 1:1 ratio, and remain market-flat).
@_date: 2017-11-28 21:15:55
Coinbase is regulated by the New York State Department of Financials Services - more or less the only regulator in the US with actual guidance on cryptos and performing oversight. 
It should be some comfort - it's not totally the wild west, although the controls are certainly weaker than they would be for a securities broker.
@_date: 2017-11-29 14:06:28
I gave you an upvote, because I agree, and it didn't lift the post off 0.
No one likes being told they're wrong or their enthusiasm isn't justified - unless they've learned the value in seeking dis-confirming information. Since this community is not full of experienced (nonetheless professional) investors, very few people here realize that it's vital to understand the other side of any trade you take.
But it's not all a lost cause. There are actually a lot of smart people here lurking - and they're smart enough not to get caught in the hype and post about it. I made a very long post urging caution day, the comments were pretty interesting:
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:14:28
Is it FUD, or do you not want to hear a contradicting opinion?
@_date: 2017-11-27 23:20:45
Do you mind if I ask where you live? I'd love to hear more about how this actually works day-to-day.
Added questions: are you spending on a card / fiat currency and settling your bills each month in BTC, or are you paying merchants directly in BTC? Are you paid in BTC, or converting fiat through in exchange? Are you keeping fiat reserves in case BTC declines in value?
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:51:26
You're free to think whatever you want, maybe look into this if you're interested in a deeper understanding.
@_date: 2017-11-27 21:45:48
I don't get it - are you saying that bitcoin is the least bubbly of all assets, so it should get your capital?
If you're actually worried about a stock market bubble and want to make a serious investment, there's always the bond market.
@_date: 2017-11-29 05:25:02
Thanks for the well thought post. It was refreshing compared to most of the comments here! I'll try to respond to your ideas in order.
It's a good observation that many post-bubble markets are trading higher than where they were at the bubble peaks, but that's looking at the entire market and includes survivorship biases. There are plenty of technology stocks that don't exist anymore and defaulted MBS. It's a keen comparison when describing the overall crypto market, and we'll have to see if bitcoin survives to maturity.
It's a good observation that as more people become exposed to bitcoin, this is a form of information filtering through the market. However, I think it's important to consider the accuracy and completeness of that information, and it's impact on price. What information are they getting? Do they actually understand what they're buying? Or is the information reduced to - "computer money gains 1,000%!" or "complete liberation from the banksters"? 
 
I'd argue this is another hallmark of bubbles, and why they persistently form around financial innovation. As the market brings in new participants, most do not have the information needed for rational decisions - or even the framework to contextualize the information. 
You're spot on that the price may advance, based on money flows, as more people hear about bitcoin and are interested. But what happens when they learn enough about it to worry about it's technical deficiencies or its value proposition as an investment? 
(As an aside, I'm a bit of a behavioralist. Assumptions around complete information and rational behavior are axiomatic for some math, but don't reflect reality very well).
I still disagree that speculating on non-yielding assets can be legitimized if others are 'adding value'. It's important to separate out whether the market is voting in the short-term, or weighing in the long-term (Ben Graham has a more elegant quote about this). It can be legitimized as a trade, but it's important to acknowledge that you're gaming a counterparty rather than making a serious assessment of an asset's value.
As for the TCP/IP comparison - I think you're spot on, and I make a similar comparison in other replies to this post. This is certainly THE big paradigm shift and where bitcoin is disruptive (more on this below). But like TCP/IP, this doesn't necessarily mean it will or can be monetized. After all, I'd be hardpressed to think of a way to monetize TCP/IP without extreme centralization, surveillance, and metering of telecommunications. The protocol itself is designed to avoid this.
I understand the analogy of gold-as-a-base-layer, but I'll throw a wrench into the whole thing:
Consider securities settlement and clearing today. Clearing houses already use tokens to verify both sides can make good on their ends of a trade, and essentially pass tokens to digitally swap assets. This is pretty similar to bitcoin, it is just confined to the inner workings of one corporate network. Tokenization to swap value is not new.
Bitcoin's real innovation is using distribution and cryptography to extend and secure the tokenized ledger across public networks. This means that the tokens themselves don't need to have significant value - they just need to exist and pass certain logic checks to authenticate whatever value you're actually transacting.
What does this mean for bitcoin? Do we even view it as an asset, then?
Bitcoin was designed to use the tokens as the store of value, but Ethereum already takes the approach of token-as-proxy. Which is a more competitive idea?
@_date: 2017-11-27 20:00:46
I agree with the Austrian school to the extent that credit shouldn't be over-extended, but - personal opinion - they're kind of foolish about everything else. 
At the end of the day, you're a metallist or a chartalist. Metallism has been outcompeted. You're free to cry foul, say it's because powerful people say otherwise, and post articles to whatever think-tank you'd like.
But for a long time the powerful people in charge were metallists, and they were replaced. Because it's an inferior idea.
Post Script: I've read Hayek, Mises, Schumpeter, etc. Some of them have decent ideas, but they've generally lost out in the marketplace for ideas, for good reasons. 
It's like reading Marx - an alternative take prompts some interesting questions, but that doesn't mean you should take their suggestions too seriously.
@_date: 2017-11-29 15:08:14
This is why I'm curious whether people are only putting 1-5% of their wealth, or enough to really hurt on a collapse. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 19:28:02
Yeah - we're only $300 higher (30%) from when quantitative easing started. It's appreciated as much as long-term treasuries, who's coupons give it a better total return.
Gold's price chart proves my point, not yours.
@_date: 2017-11-28 23:46:14
It's amusing how you think any contrary opinion is FUD, especially those backed by quantitative research.
The research OP posted is new, but its message is old to anyone who's actually worked in financial markets. 
You're free to emotionally respond to posts like this, but you'll only hurt yourself by ignoring them.
@_date: 2017-11-27 19:25:17
There's about $500bn in global remittance flow annually, at an average 7.4% fee. Not a huge amount, but it would be good juice for any business / asset looking to disrupt the market.
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:03:48
Selling != leaving.
I'm still a believer in the technology, and this community is a fascinating case study.
@_date: 2017-11-27 22:24:51
Is this assuming that bitcoin is the only way to do it? Because right now you just pay a $50 fee to your bank.
If bitcoin is the only way to do it, why are you sending dollars anyway?
@_date: 2017-11-28 16:54:47
Regarding quantum computing - it'll make a lot of lower end encryption and security protocols used today irrelevant, but it still has limitations on trying to brute-force higher bit encryption. 
With a 256 bit encryption, bitcoin should be safe from early quantum computers. But security is always a cat-and-mouse game favoring bad actors, so I wouldn't rule out later quantum computers from being able to brute-force it.
As for that Seeking Alpha article, I think the author makes some good observations, draws some incorrect conclusions, but ultimately arrives closer to the right answer. I sold my bitcoin two days ago, because this rally has been manic. 
I don't think there's a ton of short interest that's going to come in and crush the futures or bitcoin markets day-one. But with how quickly the price has climbed in the last half of this year, I would almost certainly expect a big shakeout sometime soon. 
Not just a few-day collapse from $6,000 back to $3,500... I mean a drop deep and prolonged enough to make HODLers doubt themselves and get out. That's how Wall Street plays - as brutal as possible.
@_date: 2017-11-28 00:14:00
Honestly, our best shot here is if Amazon makes their own crypto and lobbies the government.
Otherwise, I fully expect Washington to tread water until our big banks collaborate on their own crypto... Which, of course, will have none of the openess or decentralization that makes bitcoin such a big step forward.
@_date: 2017-11-29 21:48:23
I'll add a little bit more, because this exchange is enjoyable and prompting a lot of interesting thoughts.
I can't speak for Satoshi, but I see two main drivers in modeling bitcoin's mining curve after the extraction of gold:
 * It appeals to hard-money folks, who were likely to be more receptive to the idea of a cryptocurrency
* The scarcity provided immediate incentives through seigniorage in the early days of the network, when transaction volumes were too small to warrant fees as an incentive to run a node
I see some path dependency here. The things that I don't like about bitcoin, and I think are inherent weaknesses, are extremely helpful to spreading the idea and establishing a proof-of-concept.
The scarcity and illiquidity of the tokens is certainly helping the idea get mass-market exposure that it never would otherwise.
But if you were designing a whole mechanism of exchange and could force it on people, would you make the same design decisions?
@_date: 2017-09-08 17:28:06
There are branches of quantitative trading that exploit behavioral heuristics of crowds, relying on technical signals as as signals / triggers. 
'Trading' bitcoin isn't very different from intermediating in any other volatile market. 
As for fundamental analysis, it's not a cash-yielding asset so you can't mark it like a security. But, you can use relative comparisons. 
The market capitalization of all cryptos has been bouncing between $100-200bn this year. Where will it be in 10 years? There's huge growth still ahead for a diversified crypto portfolio if cryptos can take even 1% of global foreign exchange volume
@_date: 2018-04-05 12:41:47
For anyone who hasn't seen it. I hadn't until yesterday, and only came across it by researching Spitznagel. Doubt many crypto enthusiasts have seen it.