@_author: the_real_mongoose
@_date: 2017-04-19 10:41:48
Thanks, I appreciate this. The youtube recommendation is great. I tried a few searches, but was mostly inundated with obviously scammy get rich schemes or else people that seemed like they had good intention but just had terrible presentation skills to the point of being unwatchable. I learn better by watching/listening than by reading, so quality educational youtubers are a great resource.
Yea, I'm definitely not looking to mess around with altcoins and day trading, at least right now. At first I just want to have an easier tool for making online purchases and transferring funds, but I am interested after some time it putting some savings into bitcoin and holding as you say. As technology and the internet continue to grow, I certainly don't see demand for a currency like this going away. I know anything could always happen, but it feels as safe an investment as any sort of stock does. I'm not going to go putting all of my retirement funds in their entirety or anything, but I don't think squirreling something away in bitcoin is the dumbest move I could make either.
@_date: 2017-04-19 05:22:58


Well I also now know this from having asked :)
This is good info, I appreciate it. Thanks again for your time.
@_date: 2017-04-19 04:51:09
What's "large" in this context? I'm not a business owner or anything, but it's not unusual for me to transfer $1000 at a time. Is that large or small?
Does coinbase offer real time exchange rate data or you just use a different app for that? Are the bad things I've heard about blockchain legitimate concerns that are also less of an issue with coinbase? What makes you prefer it? Can I access coinbase from a phone?
What about the transaction fees? How important is that stuff, and can you help me understand the nuances a bit better?
@_date: 2017-04-19 04:56:58
Thanks for taking the time to offer your advice. There's some issues with it and my situation though: 1) I don't have any computer with 100GB of space, and most of the computers I use are provided by the institutions I work with, so I have no control over that. 2) I don't want a hardware wallet. I know they are secure, but they also exist in the physical world, and I'm a bit of a scatterbrain and am libel to flush it down the toilet right when I need it most. 3) It's hard for me to take advice seriously that admonishes me for seeking advice. Obviously I will figure some more things out when I start doing things. But at the moment, there's a few extra bits I want to understand before I even start. One of those, as I mentioned in my post, is in regards to transfer fees and what the wiki calls "melting". Can you help me understand that better?
@_date: 2017-04-19 06:45:22
Thanks for the different perspective. I might consider starting out with a hot wallet at first since for convenience and for getting the hang of things, and then switch to a hardware wallet down the line if I decide to start investing larger amounts more long term. I appreciate you taking the time to answer :)
@_date: 2017-04-19 06:17:16
Awesome info. Thanks so much for this detailed reply. It's really helpful.
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:09:13
I live out of the country but need to buy in US. I have a US credit card, US bank account, and US passport. But I don't have a US phone number. Can't figure this out for the life of me. Any suggestions?