@_author: the_bitcoin_auditor
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:07:35
Hi Jesse,
Big 4 IT auditor, advisory consultant, and Bitcoin aficionado here. We've been talking to our banking and financial services clients about Bitcoin, and while they're very excited about it, their number one concern is that the exchanges aren't audited by a professional firm. 
As an investor myself, it appears any Bitcoin firm that manages to obtain a public audit report would see its business grow exponentially. 
How are you guys going about getting your exchange audited (who, what criteria, what standards, when)? Have you guys considered using a Big 4 firm to do the work? 
Thanks for being one of the good exchanges out there and being proactive about giving assurance to your customers, and I look forward to your response!
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:38:21
Nobody guarantees a 100% foolproof system. What I can say is that an institution with the above and other controls operating effectively in a system with appropriate processes will be much less likely to lose customer funds in the first place, and, in the case where funds do get stolen, customers have a very high chance of being reimbursed via the insurance held by the organization. 
The main point is that hacking is not the end of a bitcoin business provided there are other controls in place to mitigate the impact of security incidents. Auditors can and do provide reasonable assurance that these controls are operating effectively, thereby providing investors with the comfort they are demanding right now. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:14:20
Investors typically look for the safest way to hold an asset. Many investors would rather give full responsibility to the exchange than take on the risk of losing the important keys and then never being able to use the bitcoins again. As long as the exchange has proper controls in place, there's no reason for the investor to hold on to they keys themselves. 
@_date: 2014-03-02 06:23:25
Big 4 auditor here. Couldn't agree more. Lack of trust is the biggest thing holding back everyday people, companies, hedge funds, and financial institutions from helping bitcoin explode.  
These exchanges need to be proactive in seeking third party audits before either more people get hurt or the government steps in and forces innovation crippling regulation down Bitcoin's throat.
@_date: 2014-03-13 15:56:31
Like all controls at an organization, there's the possibility of the process not addressing all the risks or being too stringent and keeping out good apples. This is why management puts in place other controls, like background checks, to help reduce the risk that the person being hired will act in a way that harms the owner or will not be as good a bet as hiring another candidate.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:14:20
Big 4 Auditor here. This is exactly what we're trying to do, albeit on a yearly or 6 month basis. I'm in charge of leading our firm's Bitcoin initiatives, and so far we haven't seen interest from any exchanges for professional grade audit services. 
Your post is great to see. Please write to your exchanges and let them know this is something you and the rest of Bitcoin investors could really use, and encourage them to reach out to me on here for more details!
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:52:41
I think the point on drug testing needs to be clarified here to avoid confusion. 
The question isn't "Should citizens be legally allowed to put substances in their bodies?" but rather "Does employing drug-users pose a risk to investors and stakeholders above and beyond the risks associated with employing a non-drug user?"
The answer to the first question depends on your political motivations and beliefs about personal liberties. 
The answer to the second question is a statistics based answer. Here's the logic: 
1. Drugs have addictive qualities
2. There is a greater than 0% chance of drug users being or becoming drug addicts
3. Drug addicts have been known to steal from businesses, family, and strangers to support their habits.
4. There is a greater than 0% chance of drug addicts stealing from their employer to support their cravings. 
Therefore, upon employing a drug user, there is an additional nonzero risk to the business of theft. Considering that financial services employees are the custodians of millions of dollars, if this risk can be mitigated, rational management is going to do so, and rational investors are going to require management to do so.
Nothing personal, just business.
@_date: 2014-02-28 05:57:09
Thanks for your comments. My team is more than happy to help out the Bitcoin community. If we can save just one investor in the future from the events that have happened at Mt. Gox by our work, I'll consider our efforts to be a resounding success.
If you know of anyone who might be able to help us work with Bitcoin related businesses, or if you have any ideas on avenues we could pursue, please pass on the message.
Have a great day!
@_date: 2014-03-03 19:20:02
Thanks for the comment! The exchanges could get by with the smaller firms. However, I can say from firsthand personal experience that the big 4 has current clients that have expressed the intention to make investments in the millions of dollars. Our firm could both provide the service to the exchange and refer hedge fund, banking, and financial services clients (who come to us for advice) to the exchange when asked about options for making the investment
@_date: 2014-03-03 16:25:16
Sorry, that's not true. Physical security controls can and do prevent hacking from happening. If I have a wallet with 95% of my coins stored in multiple offline systems in several secure data centers secured by multiple layers of physical and logical security, it makes hacking awfully difficult for those coins. If I mix those controls with controls around reconciliations and alerts in the case of any access to the system, data center, and coins it provides an additional layer of security. Add on some controls regarding insurance for the coins, change management protocols, and two person multifactor authentication and you have yourself a pretty dang secure environment. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 01:46:27
Industries that police themselves via a solid governing body, voluntarily set standards for themselves, and take part in regular audits reduce the speed and degree of government intervention. This can be seen in the accounting industry where the FASB, a private institution, sets rules for the accounting US companies use to report their results to investors. Since accounting as a profession does a great job of policing themselves and setting clear guidelines for businesses, government stays out of it. 
With Bitcoin, audits would be the single most beneficial actions bitcoin firms could take in the present day. If the modus operandi in the bitcoin industry is self regulated, audited businesses providing services, government will have less pressure from constituents to Institute regulations. There will still be government regulation for bitcoin, but the more self policing we do now, the less regulation will take place and the less severe it will be. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:50:41
Big 4 auditor here. You CAN stop it from happening. I test controls all day that are designed to prevent hacking and have a Draft audit plan ready for any exchange seeking help with their security. 
@_date: 2014-03-03 17:59:32
The name and the service are part of the whole package. The two are intertwined, just as people that buy Apple products aren't just buying a name, and they're not just buying the quality of the product/service. They're buying the whole package. 
I'd completely agree that accredited auditors are as competent and valid. Where we disagree is in the value for the money. If the objective is just to complete an audit, then yes, a smaller firm might be better. That's the objective smaller firms see, and the services they provide are designed to meet those objectives.
Big 4 firms add value in a completely different way. The audit isn't the end all be all. It's a part of the whole offering. The brand is used to provide investors immediate confidence in the company being audited. The quality of service provides top notch assurance to those asking questions about the operations of the business. The knowledge obtained from working with the biggest companies in the world on a global scale allows the Big 4 firm to provide insights that are difficult to match by a smaller firm. The connections obtained via the same means allow Big 4 firms to connect their clients with other people who may be experienceing the same challenges in other parts of the country. And finally, the Big 4 entities all provide a comprehensive suite of services above and beyond audit via their advisory arm (which I fall into). For almost any challenge a client has, the Big 4 firm has some contact, some service, or some way to meet that need. 
This is why companies seeking voluntary assurance services pay for top notch audit firms. They're not hiring someone to check the boxes and complete an audit. They're building a relationship with a highly experienced global partner that can help grow their business in almost every way imaginable. 
Edit: Would like to point out "hundreds of thousands of pounds" as the cost of a simple assurance engagement, like a SOC report for a Bitcoin exchange, is wildly inaccurate. The costs are more in the $20-90k (USD) range, depending on the details of the company being audited. In the case of Bitcoin, exchange owners would have to ask themselves if the cost of the audit would be outweighed by the additional revenue brought in by Bitcoin traders. Assuming a $50,000 engagement and 1% trading fees at the exchange, the question is whether the audit would bring in $5M of additional business. Considering today's volume of Bitstamp transactions was in the $32M range, I'd be willing to bet that the audit would be immensely profitable for Bitcoin exchanges.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:25:21
Hi trilli0nn,
The above assessment of the auditing industry would have been accurate circa 2000, around the time of the Enron accounting scandal. However, in the past 14 years a lot has changed to make the above description inaccurate. 
 
Economic incentives are no longer stacked against truthful independent audits, and here's why.
 
First, the Sarbanes Oxley act of 2002 prevents financial auditors from also providing advisory services to the same client, reducing the conflict of interest that was present prior to the regulation. 
 
Second, the creation of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) as an oversight organization over auditors has had the effect of greatly reducing the incentive of auditors to cut corners. Why? Because the PCAOB reviews the audits performed by auditors in detail and has the power to revoke the ability of an audit firm to issue financial audit reports. Failing a PCAOB review is one of the few ways that Big 4 partners can be removed from the partnership. Since partners work for 12-25 years to get to where they are, they have every incentive to perform audits that are at the level of detail necessary to pass PCAOB review. And, as someone who has been through a PCAOB review, I can say firsthand that they are no joke.
 
Third, audit reports undergo peer review, whereby the reports of one firm is reviewed by another partner within the firm, who must also put his or her reputation on the line to approve the report. 
 
Through these three mechanisms (and a few smaller ones) the economic incentives have been fairy balanced to the point where auditors must be truthful and maintain independence or risk losing the privilege of being a trusted third party.
 
Moving on to the point about the publicly verifiable controls replacing the audit - 
 
Publicly verifiable controls would be great to use in conjunction with an audit, but the use of publicly verifiable controls alone would lead to a sense of false security for investors. Controls are the lowest level of detail of an audit, and anyone who relies on just the publicly verifiable controls is missing the big picture.
 
Auditors don't add value through testing controls. Auditors add value because they are highly skilled at identifying the key risks of the business and then identifying key processes and procedures management should have in place to mitigate those risks. Publicly verifiable controls wouldn't change the need for skilled professionals to evaluate the risks to the business and perform appropriate procedures to help ensure those risks are mitigated.  
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:06:24
Thanks for the reply. It seems there is some confusion between the role of the regulator, the role of the auditor, and what I'm suggesting. I'm not saying the government come in and perform an audit of the exchanges and make sure everything is open for the government's access, not even close. What I am saying is that independent Auditors can provide a lot of comfort to reasonable investors in the marketplace. And if the issues like Mt. Gox keep happening, the reality is that the government is likely to step in and force exchanges to be audited by third parties, like it or not. 
 
And for good measure, I'd like to rebut each of the points mentioned in the post:
 
1. Government will not be one of those mandated individuals and this is just ridiculous. I've seen the operations of over 50 companies inside and out and governments do not have nor want access to the servers hosted by the exchanges. 
 
2. Ultimately it's up to the management of the company who they want working in their environment. I'm not saying people with records or drugs in their systems can't get jobs, that's a strawman. The reality is that the audit is happening to protect investors and stakeholders. Investors don't want the risk that a person with a history of stealing or an addiction to an expensive drug (cocaine, heroin) that might provide the motivation to steal is handling their money. It's simple. Management can choose to employ those people, but shouldn't be surprised when the auditor won't sign off on the report and investors stay away from the exchange. Personally, I believe the exchange should be allowed to operate, but shouldn't be offended when they can't become certified and nobody wants to use them.
 
3. Nobody's saying the government is better coders. Change testing and approval are extremely basic concepts and are in place to protect investors from systematic errors or security holes left by bad code. There are alternatives to this control, but this is the most common. If the organization doesn't want to put proper change management in place, that's fine, the place should be allowed to operate. But don't expect Auditors to sign the report, regulators to provide whatever sign off they want to provide, or investors to trust the exchange. 
 
4. The Auditors will know where the location is. There's no reason for the government or anyone else to know the details other than that the Auditors inspected the location rigorously and the coins are in a secure location.
 
5. Again, up to management the controls that are in place, not the regulators or the Auditors. Just don't expect to receive any certifications, licenses, trust, or funds from outside the organization, and then don't be surprised when you wake up, all the funds are gone, and people are suing management for negligence.
 
6. This argument came out of left field. In no way did I discuss the hypocrisy of the government or HSBC. All I said was that an audit would be expected to cover things such as AML and KYC in order to be accepted by a government regulator. Whether those regulations are appropriate are an entirely different conversation. 
 
7. Again, I think you're missing the point here. The government is not the one performing the audit. They almost never perform audits themselves. I'm not suggesting the government perform the audit. Auditors perform the audit. Management is responsible for putting adequate safeguards in place to protect investors. One way they can do that is by restricting access to funds unless two or more parties agree to access the vault.
 
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:50:23
I think the point on drug testing needs to be clarified here to avoid confusion. 
 
The question isn't "Should citizens be legally allowed to put substances in their bodies?" but rather "Does employing drug-users pose a risk to investors and stakeholders above and beyond the risks associated with employing a non-drug user?"
 
The answer to the first question depends on your political motivations and beliefs about personal liberties. 
 
The answer to the second question is a statistics based answer. Here's the logic: 
 
1. Drugs have addictive qualities
2. There is a greater than 0% chance of drug users being or becoming drug addicts
3. Drug addicts have been known to steal from businesses, family, and strangers to support their habits.
4. There is a greater than 0% chance of drug addicts stealing from their employer to support their cravings. 
Therefore, upon employing a drug user, there is an additional nonzero risk to the business of theft. Considering that financial services employees are the custodians of millions of dollars, if this risk can be mitigated, rational management is going to do so, and rational investors are going to require management to do so.
 
Nothing personal, just business.
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:06:21
Great question. That would be a way to help reduce the risks, although I'd still expect the controls to be in place at the exchanges. Could you elaborate on the details on how that 2/3 system might work in practice?
 
 The other items to consider is that if the exchange allows trading in derivative contracts, alternate cryptocurrencies, and fiat that we'd need to have controls around all of those areas, too.
Edit: Another thing to consider. Does an average investor have the technical know how or desire to use the 2/3 system, and if so, why?
@_date: 2014-03-10 19:04:42
The reason insurance mandates it is under the same rationale. They are the stakeholders in the situation and are looking to reduce the risk of them having to pay out a claim.
 
And nobody's saying that you in particular are going to steal funds because you smoke. The assessment is performed at an aggregate level. If we were to take the population of non-drug users versus the population of marijuana users, all other things held constant, which group would have a greater incentive for theft? The perception is that marijuana users would have the greater incentive due to the addictive properties of the drug, and therefore be associated with a greater risk. Until a conclusive study comes out showing otherwise, that perception will remain regardless of how trustworthy you are as an individual.
@_date: 2014-03-09 17:52:49
Hey guys, experienced auditor here. I see a lot of posts about cryptographic proof of solvency being a replacement for old fashioned regulation. This probably sounds great on the surface, but as someone who is actively involved in protecting investors across the globe, I have to say that it's not enough, and here's why.
Proof of solvency is just one small piece of what would provide investors and regulators peace of mind. From an audit perspective, stakeholders need confidence in multiple other areas. For example:
 
(1) Access to IT systems holding critical data is restricted to authorized individuals. This is important because while the coins might be there today, we want to help ensure that some random entry level employee doesn't have root access to the server and steals or accidentally deletes all the bitcoins!
  
(2) New hires must undergo background checks, including criminal and drug testing. This is to help prevent people from getting goxxed.
 
(3) Changes must be documented, tested and approved prior to being migrated to production. This helps reduce the risk that a major bug is implemented straight into production causing loss or theft of customer funds. 
 
(4) Coins are stored in a safe physical location (e.g. data center) on an offline server, and are encrypted and backed up on a regular basis. This helps prevent the theft from a hot wallet and the loss of coins via a single system crashing. 
 
(5) Job processing and application errors trigger alerts which are monitored and resolved in a reasonable timeframe. This would be tested to help ensure problems with the system are identified and taken care of instead of ignored. 
 
(6) There are AML/KYC controls in place to help ensure the entity is in line with government regulatory requirements.
 
These are just six small examples of key items that the exchanges need to have in place for the safety and comfort of investors and regulators.  There's about 20 smaller controls that I'd want my exchanges to have in place in addition to those. 
What does r/bitcoin think of this? Agree, disagree, why?
 
Edit: Thought of one more necessary control. (7) In order to remove coins from the cold wallet, the system requires two people to authenticate on to the system and approve the transaction. This helps reduce the risk of one guy stealing 750,000 bitcoins.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:46:43
Big 4 auditor here. There's a lot of misconceptions between what Auditors are responsible for and what they are not responsible for. In the Andersen/Enron case, Auditors were responsible for providing *reasonable* assurance that Enron ' financial statements were complete, accurate, and presented fairly. Andersen found things that should have been called out immediately, and instead opted to help Enron find a way to fix the issues in later statements so as to avoid a huge disaster and to prevent the loss of Enron's advisory services business opportunities. 
After issues came to light, the accounting industry got their act together via banning audit and advisory services for the same clients, revising the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) and creating the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB). In the modern day (read: over a decade after Enron), the accounting industry has cleaned up it's act. 
Bitcoin exchanges would benefit in a huge way from an audit by a Big 4. I personally know a hedge fund manager holding back millions of dollars simply because the exchanges aren't audited. 
What alternatives do you suggest to provide investors with the confidence and assurance they need to make the jump to Bitcoin, especially in light of Mt. Gox?
@_date: 2014-03-02 06:11:08
Auditor here. Have to politely suggest that there is a very serious need for third party auditing, especially in light of the Mt. Gox fiasco. Think of the bigger picture here. Why are institutional investors and every day (read: non-technical) people afraid of placing money in Bitcoin? What's preventing the widespread adoption of the currency? Two things - 1. A lack of understanding of the technology, and 2. A lack of trust in the exchanges and in the protocol itself based on a lack of understanding of the technology. 
Sure, techie people could just check the blockchain and tie addresses to exchanges, but most people would prefer and have more faith in a major Audit firm signing it's name on a report stating the exchange is solvent and conforms to legal regulations, sound business practices, and strong IT security protocols. 
Trust is the key issue here, and until we have the exchanges embracing third party audits voluntarily, Bitcoin is going to be held back from the potential we all want it to reach. If the exchanges don't start embracing the audits voluntarily, we're going to see government stepping in and forcing it to happen. 
Source: Experienced Big 4 auditor who has had recent conversations with hedge fund managers, financial services CEOs and everyday people about Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-02-28 06:55:09
I was quite surprised myself! It started off as a conversation with one of the partners in my service line, and quite surprisingly, he was able to find a group within the firm that was tiptoeing in the area of Bitcoin. 
We've since formed a task team and discovered the topic is on the forefront of the minds of our banking clients. We're creating several public facing thought leadership pieces, to be released in March, and are actively seeking out ways to get involved in the community.
Thank you for your comment, and please let us know if you have ideas on how we can help!
@_date: 2014-03-10 20:04:27
What does the fact that non-drug users have stolen via the banking system have to do with the claim that hiring drug users increases the chance of theft? They're completely separate topics.
 
And what motivation would a busines owner/manager have to go through the additional steps/cost of trust testing and take on the additional risk when he/she could avoid the risk entirely by not hiring the people in the first place?
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:19:35
As a Big 4 auditor here, I have to politely disagree with your assertion of a "shitty useless audit."
The biggest thing holding Bitcoin back right now is a lack of trust and transparency between everyday people/investors and the bitcoin businesses. Our audit programs are custom tailored to meet the needs of these people, and the first exchange to have their audit performed by a public accounting firm will see their business shoot through the roof.
This is not speculation or conjecture. I personally have been in talks with our banking and hedge fund clients. One popular exchange missed out on a $100M purchase by a hedge fund simply because it wasn't audited. Big money wants to come to the we exchanges, and it will only happen once these businesses see the Big 4 accounting firm's name plastered on the audit report on the website.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:27:27
Big 4 auditor here. If you had $10M and wanted to get into Bitcoin, what exchange would you trust your money to?
If you said none, you'd be right in line with our hedge fund and banking clients, who want to get into bitcoin but won't since these exchanges are not audited by a reputable auditor.  In my years of experience as an auditor, the audit doesn't matter nearly as much as the name behind it.
The name of a Big 4 along with a public facing audit report covering things like logical access to cryptographic keys, physical security, monthly reconciliations, backups of key pairs, solvency, and other relevant assertions would do wonders for any exchange currently in the marketplace.
@_date: 2014-03-10 02:03:03
Thanks for your reply. As an auditor who understands business operations and risk as well as how bitcoin works and the mindset of both the average and the institutional investor, I have to disagree strongly with the statement that audits do not make companies or stakeholders any safer. Audits don't just look at paperwork and go, and they're not just there to appease regulators.  Audits consider the business processes and the key risks stakeholders care about and then identify key control points to test to see if those risks are adequately reduced via the operation of the control. Controls operate on a periodic basis (daily, weekly, quarterly, etc), which provides comfort across the timeframe of the audit, rather than just when the auditor is there. 
 
The possibility exists for management to publicly and verifiably perform some controls as the ones you mentioned above. (4 eyes, time locking, etc) These could be some solid controls for bitcoin businesses. However, the role of and the need for an audit to test those controls and provide an opinion remains the same. Investors don't want to take 80 hours to look at the blockchain and verify all this information, and even if they did, many of them would still not feel comfortable that all the risks of the exchange have been adequately addressed.  Investors want a simple report from a reliable third party that does all the hard work and research for them to provide instant faith in the exchange. 
 
To wrap it up, your post starts off negating the role of the auditor and then pointing out controls that would still need to be tested by someone to provide assurance, whether it be the investor himself or an experienced auditor. By definition, you just said the exchanges need to have controls in place and need to be audited.
 
Edit: Would like to point out, ironically, that the blockchain is the "paperwork" you were talking about at the beginning of your post.
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:30:27
Big 4 auditor here. Surprisingly, the industries and businesses that police themselves via a governing body and voluntary audits reduce the need and demand for government intervention and regulations. Think about it - if you're a government official and everyone is demanding regulation,  what do you do? You add regulations. If no one is demanding regulation because the businesses in that industry already adequately address their risks in a proactive fashion, then what do you do?
If you really want less regulation for Bitcoin, you'll be all in favor of these exchanges performing annual audits. 
@_date: 2014-03-09 18:21:50
Thanks for your thoughts on my post about the controls at the exchanges. I find your proof of solvency protocol rather interesting. Two questions:
1) What's been the attitude of the exchange operators towards using or implementing your solution or a solution like it? 
 
2) Do the operators seem to be aware of the magnitude of the risk and responsibility they have, and are they actively seeking to find ways to reduce those risks?
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:21:23
Thanks for having a solid head on your shoulders. My Big 4 firm is trying to make a difference in this space. 
If you hear of any opportunities to help these exchanges out, please let me know!
Thanks, 
@_date: 2014-03-02 17:03:27
Thanks for the response. My firm is considering placing a foot in the space of bitcoin audit services to fulfill the need for trust in the industry. The way I and my firm see it, if there's going to be exchanges acting as a custodian over someone else's assets, they will need to be audited voluntarily or will be forced to be audited by the government. This isn't a personal opinion, as I am a libertarian by nature. This is the reality of the situation. I'm completely open to a third option, but reality doesn't appear to be heading anywhere else. Investors don't want to inspect the blockchain and dig for answers, they want a letter stating everything's golden signed by a firm with a golden reputation to back it up. And investors are going to get this one way or another, especially once we see wall street in the mix with millions of dollars.
You mention other ways to have security and transparency other than audits. I'm assuming you mean via the blockchain and using keys to sign over bitcoins as proof of ownership. This will not be enough for investors, governments, and every day people. Three questions: 
1. If you mean something other than verification through the blockchain, what are these other ways to provide trust, security and transparency other than audits of the exchanges and other BTC businesses?
2. Would these other methods be more reliable to the average person than viewing a signed document by a reputable accounting firm stating what was tested, the results, and the overall opinion of the accounting firm? If so, why?
3. How would your suggested trust, security, and transparency methods as described in question 1 take the place of audit factors currently necessary for evaluating trust, like key storage, backup, and recovery, physical security of data center or other computer assets, reconciliations of customer balances to Blockchain assets, logical access to IT systems storing keys to bitcoins, evaluation of the regulatory environment and it's risks, and other pieces currently necessary for a comprehensive audit?
@_date: 2014-03-02 15:10:58
it's gone
@_date: 2014-03-03 14:56:04
The types of audits that we'd do on a Bitcoin exchange would be similar to the ones we perform for broker dealers. These audits are rigorous, comprehensive, and would provide anyone who reads the report a strong degree of confidence in the exchange. 
And no sane company does a monthly audit. Based on the way we test controls, you'd gain better assurance from an annual audit, and while it would cost tens of thousands of dollars, it would be more than made up by the huge influx of trading volume from institutional investors looking to make the Bitcoin leap.