@_author: the_prole
@_date: 2014-04-19 15:10:23
I like that phrase. ***Witless fanboysim*** describes this whole subreddit. 
@_date: 2014-04-23 21:24:54
Is this bullshit real? I can't open a bank with a corporate bank because my social is associated with another individuals. Despite having sent in proof of my social, no credit lines, no loans, no history of bankruptcy, no social security contributions on part of another individual, I still can't open an account at BOA, Fargo, or JP. Class action law suit anyone? Doubt it. Thank you credit unions.
@_date: 2014-04-08 00:30:25
Andolfatto doesn't know what he's talking about. Bitcoin isn't anything like gold. You can't exchange curreny for a fixed amount of bitcoin. Bitcoin's value just like any other curreny depends on it's demand. The fact that there is a fixed number of bitcoin is irrelevant, and does not make it the equivalent of gold. If Krugman said that as well, I am really surprised he would say something so blatantly ignorant. Morever bitcoin will never replace the dollar as a domestic currency because A physical currency is usefull, and B the government decides if what currency we pay our taxes. And if you think monetary policy is worse than the free market, well you are wrong. Human error is a small price to pay for keeping the economy from overheating or jump-starting it back when it's in a recession. Honestly, all bitcoin is, is a "free" albeit volatile unit of account that would take me literally days to use to make a "free" wire transfer. The only thing it's good for are anonymous donations and illegal transactions. Maybe this will change and it will becomes instantaneous and reliable in which case it *might* be awesome...
@_date: 2013-12-04 20:03:03
This is probably the wrong subreddit to come point this out. 
@_date: 2013-11-29 20:30:57
There is no indication the value is being driven by economic transactions. The transactions volume has remained fairly stable  indicating that people are bidding up the price just to buy and hold. I'm no bubble head but that's just what I see. I need a rational argument to invest my life savings not some hyped up adrenaline infusion. 