@_author: the_blake_abides
@_date: 2017-12-10 15:38:33
Not a mistake at all. Trying to time the market -- that would be a mistake. The beauty of HODL with an undervalued asset class is that timing the buy isn't part of the equation. Just buy and hold. Next week should be interesting, yes. And I'm more interested in where BTC will be this time next year.
@_date: 2013-11-27 17:13:33
1) The blockchain only records the number of bitcoins transacted. The transaction buyers and sellers would see the variance in the price if the number of (bitcoins purchased) * (the price/coin) + (the spread) &lt;&gt; (the dollar amount spent/purchased). In other words, you can verify your half of the transaction.
2) If the exchanges are all in "on the game", then the market could be manipulated to the degree you're talking about. Wouldn't surprise me in the least either. It's probably not what's happening, however. Even without the exchanges all in on the game, the market could be easily manipulated. It's only a 10 billion dollar market. 
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:57:38
Every market currently is heavily manipulated. Why do you think the stock market is going up in the face of QE infinity? Why has the housing market been going up in the face of high unemployment? 
With regards to bitcoin, well, it's anyone's guess. We don't know much about its origins and who owns the bulk of them. So it is highly speculative and volatile.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:46:38
What you would be doing is providing an artificial "price discovery" mechanism. It would not be detectable because the buying and selling prices are disclosed, and these prices would be reflected in the blockchain. If you took a profit based on the spread, or the difference between the buying and selling asking prices, then that would be normal business practice. 
Artificially increasing the spread based on your bogus trades could be done. This would be fraud according to the SEC, so I would not recommend this, bitcoin or no.
Increasing the spread also makes you less competitive with other sites, so a lot depends on how much you adjust the spread. 
Trying to adjust the buying/selling prices by large amounts would not work since anyone comparing the prices with other sites would quickly learn your prices are bogus. That isn't to say that prices across all sites are the same. They aren't. And that's do to the relative ease or difficulty (and cost) in getting money in or out of that exchange and back to your bank as determined by each sites' locations/nations restrictions on bitcoin and general banking fees (wire transfers, etc.). 
Edit: removed text at bottom used for thinking.