@_author: the_bitcoin_delusion
@_date: 2015-03-02 19:48:58
Let me see..
If we each bet 1 BTC that the price goes to $1 by a certain date, then if I win I get $1, but if you win then you get significantly more.
Not a fair bet, is it?
I've never been much of a betting type anyway. I know that Bitcoiners are typically gamblers (it figures), but I'm just more sensible with my money.
It's enough for me that my assertions and theories are proven right. I feel secure enough in them not to try and justify them by demonstrating sincerity; what I say stands on its own merits, for as I say, 'truth is objective and whether you choose to acknowledge the existence of a certain truth or not, your world will nonetheless function according to the truth'.
Proof of point: I said on the 6th of December 2013 that the price would go to $200 or less before every reaching $1242. Insults were hurled; [bets were demanded]( but who has won out in the end? The price is now $260, and hit a fresh low of ~$150 just a few weeks ago. Now those people who squealed to the contrary not only look silly, but many if not most or all of them have lost a great deal of money, and deservedly so in my opinion. This is a great sweetness to my taste; more than any 'bet' could win me.
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:23:10
The exchanges and other third-parties related to Bitcoin are under the enforceable jurisdiction of national governments. I.e. 'Know your customer' laws and requirements. I think even people selling on LocalBitcoin have been arrested in sting operations. So it is very easy to be locked out of it.
And if you don't believe me, just look at what China did a year or so ago when they started clamping down on Bitcoin trading. I remember looking on Taobao and seeing exchanges resorting to selling Bitcoin as 'gift cards'; such a sad state of affairs.
If people could mine Bitcoin, that would be different. But they can't. Not unless you can afford a warehouse of ASICs and have the knowledge and patience to run and maintain it.
There are other ways they've got you by the balls though. One of my favorite examples is taxation. A lot of Bitcoiners think they can hide their wealth in Bitcoins and thus get away with the crime of tax avoidance; not true at all: The tax office will simply send you a polite letter asking you to explain how despite having declared you work a $500/job and having $1000 in your bank account for the past few months, you now have a shiny new Lamborghini parked in your driveway and a receipt for it issued in your name.
@_date: 2015-03-02 18:41:43
The main difference between Bitcoin and gold is that gold is actually useful and has a value beyond currency.
In a way, you could say gold (and silver) has become a bit of a pump n dump pyramid scheme recently, with the whole 'Crash JP Morgan!' thing promoted by Max Keiser, and Zerohedge churning out articles exclaiming 'GREECE'S FINAL STRAW - EUROZONE DOOMED; US DOLLAR APOCALYPSE IMMINENT; CHINA HOARDING GOLD'.
That's why the price of silver is down about 70% since the 2011 high, and gold had a bit of a bubble too. Well, no doubt other factors like the recent economic actions against Russia have had an impact, but the 'get rich quick' element certainly played a role in the bubble (i.e. look at bullion coin sales stats 2010 onwards).
With Bitcoin, the 'get rich quick' mentality doesn't just make up 20% or 30% of the buyers; practically every holder of Bitcoin is looking to get rich quick. Sure, some will say they have it to use it as a currency, but does anybody really believe that? It costs more money and time to buy and use Bitcoin than to just use fiat, and who would dump thousands of dollars into a currency because they want to really want to buy gift cards with it? Those who genuinely did buy Bitcoin to use (i.e. Silk road users), did not hold on to it.
Another thing to note is that, whether intentional or not, Bitcoin is set up to benefit most those at the top of the pyramid - the 'early adopters'. All they had to do to become a millionaire was run their CPU at 70 degrees for a couple of hours. 
Reading Satoshi's posts, I tend to think he intentionally designed Bitcoin as a pyramid scheme to transfer wealth from latecomers to early adopters. I don't know why he wanted that, but he must have realized it (he strikes me as being quite shrewd). Perhaps he believed in a kind of libertarian/technocratic aristocracy - I kind of get that sense about Theymos too (read his posts in other subreddits about his intentions regarding his control over the Bitcoin community here and elsewhere). They both seem to think people of their thinking deserve to be in charge.
@_date: 2015-03-02 18:46:39
I'm just telling it like it is
If you can't handle it, then learn to, because by deciding to make your thoughts known you've demonstrated a determination to come to grips with reality
@_date: 2015-03-02 12:20:35
Show me one that actually 'decentralizes' fiat.
Don't link something like Bit Reserve, which does not actually decentralize fiat.
Decentralized exchanges are logically impossible. If you think you can even explain briefly how it would it work, take your best shot.
@_date: 2015-03-02 13:14:00
Bitpay probably only charges less in fees because they know they can't get away with charging more. No doubt they're also betting on being able to generate more revenue from fees in the future - remember that story recently about how Bitpay laid off 9 of their staff?
Arguing about the level of fees, rather than the very fact they exist, I also think is missing the point. Bitcoin was supposed to be used as an alternative to this kind of thing. You weren't meant to trust or pay some third-party such as a bank or company. When you use Bitpay or Coinbase or Bitcoin 'ATMs' you're also subjecting yourself to inevitable regulation and identity checks, when the point of the Bitcoin system was to keep you basically anonymous and outside the government's 'control' (reading Satoshi's posts, this seems to have been his own ideology).
Suppose Bitcoin did become as big as Paypal, or Visa. Do you really think Bitpay and other Bitcoin third-parties wouldn't increase their fees? You'd end with up with what you've got now with third-party payment processors, except with all the downsides and flaws that comes with Bitcoin. I have not even mentioned the technical problems with Bitcoin that it faces, such as the transaction fees vs. block size dilemma, or unincentivized nodes, or sea pipeline bandwidth limitations when it comes to scaling up to sizes such as that of Visa - and the steps being taken by the developers are insufficient to address these issues.
Addressing two specific points you make here:
1. *Bitcoin's advantage in not having 'exclusive' systems*. How long do you think this will last? Take a look at the 'Trezor' wallet for instance. They stupidly made and released that, not realizing others would just copy what they did. They then tried in vain to stop others from copying them, and then almost immediately gave up realizing it was futile. Soon this amateur business is going to stop, and when that happens you can bet you're going to having branded and patented systems which allow you to say avoid the volatility of the Bitcoin price for a small fee. Or give you and your customers convenience for a small fee. And one last point on this: What's stopping fiat from adapting and offering this in order to compete with whatever Bitcoin brings to the table?
2. *The gateways are flawed, but once you get in, it works fine*. Let's say you cast aside the technical problems. It would be true that if everyone was *within* the Bitcoin system, there wouldn't be all these problems. But because centralized exchanges are a *necessity* (how else can you get into Bitcoin, now that mining is beyond the common man?), then those in the Bitcoin system will suffer from the consequences centralized exchanges bring. For instance centralized exchanges have tied Bitcoin to fiat and have brought extreme volatility to Bitcoin's value. An item is not worth 1 BTC any day of the year; it might be worth 1 BTC one day and 200 BTC the next, because the price is tied to fiat. This destroys for instance the idea of 'controlled inflation' of Bitcoin. For Bitcoin to be worth switching to, fiat must be seperated from it entirely, and that is why I use the LETS example as a possible solution, because in LETS there is no use of cash - you cannot even use cash to trade for services. How do you enforce this? Who knows, but it is what must be done for cryptocurrency to be a viable alternative to fiat.


Which has the long-term advantage, an almost endless number of possible altcoins each competing and adapting to become the best, or Bitcoin - a first attempt at cryptocurrency with a rag-tag team of fallible developers who are too afraid to make major changes?
I mentioned that I see the development of altcoins as being akin to the process of 'natural selection', not only because that is indeed what strikes me about it, but because it implies that altcoins are employing the most efficient method to survival and success.


It is too early to say what such an altcoin would have to look like, but it isn't that difficult to think of some potential qualities.
For instance one I've thought of before, and I think has actually been attempted in the form of one or two altcoins by now is a kind of 'beneficial' mining - like rosetta if you're familiar with that.
Two more perhaps less interesting, but I think important, developments which have already occurred are scrypt mining and proof-of-stake. The former for instance gives greater weighting to the average Joe who wants to earn his way fairly into the system (by preventing ASIC mining).
Anyway, I think I'll leave our dialogue with that. I'll read your reply (if you reply), but I won't be responding since I've already written at length here.
@_date: 2015-03-02 11:18:29
What has happened in Bitcoin is almost exactly what happened to silver in 2011. It even had some of the same people pumping it! (i.e. Max Keiser, Bill 'Shill' Still). Having closely watched the silver bubble and its subsequent unraveling, it was obvious to me what was about to happen.
But aside from that intuition, I had several reasons for believing Bitcoin is irrevocably flawed. My biggest concern about Bitcoin is the centralized exchanges, which I believe act as bottlenecks to the system, and ultimately doom Bitcoin to failure. As I put it:




Initially I came here to ask the Bitcoin community about these concerns. I have witnessed Bitcoin since late 2010, and even though I found it interesting and understood the concept, I had doubted it for these reasons I had in my mind - but now that the price had risen into the triple digits, I began to question whether I was perhaps mistaken. The response I received from this community however was underwhelming. Few addressed my arguments in their responses, and of those who did, nothing refuted my arguments. In fact, I saw the same fallacious reasoning I had seen before, and I think even worse than before (in 2010/2011, getting rich quick was less of an expectation I think).
I wrote in detail those arguments against Bitcoin's long-term viability, but since the account was deleted for making such posts as those already linked, I can't easily find them to link to.
The Willy Report, which came out a few months later, cleared up the last remaining doubt I had, which was 'If bitcoin is inherently flawed, why does the price continue to rise?', or perhaps more accurately, just simply 'Why are there continuing bubbles, and should I get on this bandwagon in the short-term even if its doomed long-term?'. We now know the the bubbles were caused by internal manipulation at MtGox by Mark Karpeles, a man convicted in absentia of fraud in France *before* he fled to Japan and bought MtGox off Jeb Celeb in 2011 - coincidentally just 1 month or so before the first big bubble.
@_date: 2015-03-02 19:30:00
There is objective value in the world.
The reason why we place a negative value on murder is rooted in objective fact. Why does murder have a negative value? Because if we had not assigned a negative value to murder, we probably wouldn't be around to speak about it!
This is one example from a set of objective values we call 'morality'.
When I speak about 'value' in relation to Bitcoin, I am talking about value in much the same way: Value as rooted in objective facts.
For comparison, take gold. Does gold have value? Yes, because gold has unique elemental properties that make it the best choice for many applications, such as the contacts on the chipsets in the computer you are reading this on.
Now consider Bitcoin. What do people do with Bitcoin? They store it in 'wallets'. A minority of them use it to buy drugs online or overpriced gift cards. That's pretty much it.
People don't actually value Bitcoin, they only value the money that they mistakenly think they can make from it.
You can't actually use Bitcoin to transfer a valuable asset instantly.
For instance, say I want to buy my good friend Danny Brewster a new Lamborghini, and I'm going to use Bitcoins to do it.
First, I have to send an exchange $150,000. *Uh-oh.* Have to wait a week or more for identity checks and delays because of the suspiciously large size of the deposit.
Once I get the $150,000 is deposited in the exchange I buy shitcoins with it. *Oh damn!* I've just lost 3% on fees and spread. 
I now have 560 shitcoins (~$145,500 @ $260/BTC). *Oh for fuck's sake!* The price just dropped to $230/BTC. Now I have $128,800.
I quickly transfer the Bitcoins to Danny Brewster's bitcoin address, attached with a small transaction fee.
Danny Brewster receives the funds. His eyes light up. He doesn't even bother waiting for confirmations, he sends it as quick as he can to the exchange. 
15 minutes later, the Bitcoins appear in his exchange account. He smashes the 'SELL' button. *Drat!* - 'Sorry, you must wait for at least 6 confirmations of your Bitcoin deposit before attempting to sell on our exchange'.
Brewster walks up and down his hallway for an hour until his deposit finally registers 6 confirmations. Now he can finally sell! .. *What the F***?* - The price has now slid down to $170 and another 3% chunk is taken out of the remaining value.
560 BTC x $170 = $95,200. $95,200 - 3% fee = $92,344.
So after a week or two, I finally manage to transfer my $150,000 to Danny Brewster for him to buy a new Lamborghini and he receives just $92,344. Brilliant!
@_date: 2015-03-02 13:42:54


Does anyone else have a clue what this means?
Please explain your solution in clear terms. Say I have $260 and I want to buy 1 BTC. How do I send $260 to the person I'm buying the 1 BTC from, or otherwise 'convert' the $260 to 1 BTC avoiding all the problems associated with centralized exchanges?
What exactly is 'the infrastructure'?
Chinese warehouses filled with ASICs due to be thrown out in a years time? A 'Magic: The Gathering' trading website? A few thousand nodes? Lavish Neo&amp;Bee buildings? [Bitcoin 'ATMs'](
Sites like Bitpay and Coinbase could easily adapt to an altcoin. Hell, even most hardware could use a simple software update to do whatever it needs to do with an altcoin.
When I think of 'infrastructure' I think of bridges, roads, international sea cables, railways, power lines - physical structures that usually can't easily be re-purposed. If that's not the sense in which you're using the word, then why say it would be such a task to repurpose this 'infrastructure' for an altcoin?
@_date: 2015-03-02 17:48:17
The same is said of atheists when they criticize religion.
Anyone who is an atheist will understand my point, but since I suspect you'll need it spelt out to you at least, truth matters more than tactfulness.
And not just to me, but to you and everyone else too, because truth is objective and whether you choose to acknowledge the existence of a certain truth or not, your world will nonetheless function according to the truth - and we all know where delusion; that is, ignorance or denial of truth, can lead.
You might say, 'Well, why not use both truth and tactfulness together?' - in which case my reply would be that tactfulness often requires the limitation of truth. I mean, just look at your own reply, in which you seem to imply that I should not 'speak in absolutes' because (you believe) it is not tactful to do so.
And you might also say, 'Who are you to speak of what is 'true''? - well if not me, then who? It is not useful to hold in one's mind a constant dilemma; solipsism will get you nowhere. One must always be willing to change one's mind, and to consider the arguments of others, but to say that one shouldn't dare hold an opinion lest it be wrong is not only overly cautious, it is foolish, because as Mill points out to us, even utterly *false* opinions are of great value to us, because their expression forces us to re-examine what we hold to be true. For instance, if I say to you 'The Earth is flat', then that is obviously false, but do you or most other people know how to prove the Earth is round? Have you ever tried to prove the Earth is round before? If I were to not to pose this question, you might never have occasion to examine the truth you merely took for granted.
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:11:36
If you had asked me this question in 2010/2011, I would have said the anonymity (technically pseudonymity), the low fees within the network, and the ability for the common man to fairly earn his way into the system.
But Bitcoin can no longer be used anonymously, unless you already have it from before (i.e. mined rather than bought from exchange). The fees will inevitably go up (transaction fee vs. block size dilemma), and now we're seeing third party parasites whom Bitcoin users must pay fees to in order to avoid volatility. And no longer can you mine Bitcoin with your CPU or GPU; you have to have a warehouse of ASICs in the right country, and even then you'll probably lose money.
I think your question is posed with a wrong premise; that there are aspects of Bitcoin that will make it successful if somehow brought to the fore. Bitcoin will never return to being anonymous, or virtually feeless, or if i may put describe it this way, egalitarian.
I assert that these days the only reason to be interested in Bitcoin, and the last thing it's clinging on to, is the prospect of getting rich quick. But Bitcoin doesn't create wealth, nor by mining or using it, so if you're making money out of Bitcoin, you're only taking it from someone else - and to me, that is the exact opposite of the egalitarian ideal I was initially attracted to in Bitcoin.
I guess more generally what I thought I saw in Bitcoin, or at least thought might have been there, was efficiency, egalitarianism and fairness guaranteed by mathematics. What I see in Bitcoin now is corruption, greed, swindlers, and their victims.
@_date: 2015-03-02 11:59:41


Without all the supposed advantages of Bitcoin, such as low/zero fees, pseudonymity, invulnerability to fraud, etc. what is the point of using Bitcoin over fiat?
As I've put it in the past, Bitcoin has essentially become Paypal 2.0. Especially now we have companies like 'Bitpay'.
This was another one of my arguments against Bitcoin at the time btw, which was when 'BitLicences' were first being talked about, and I went through each touted advantage and demonstrated why all of them no longer exist or never existed.
One counter-argument posited to me regarding centralized exchanges though was 'decentralized exchanges'. But decentralized exchanges are of course logically impossible, because you can't 'decentralize' fiat, and of the so-called 'decentralized exchanges' I've since seen, none of them actually decentralize fiat but really refer to something else and don't actually solve the problem.


This is actually a really good analogy, because to me 'Bitcoin' the currency is to cryptocurrency, as what internet companies were to the internet.
I don't believe cryptocurrency in general is beyond redemption. I think it may have a future of some kind, though I struggle to see how it will overcome the problem of centralized exchanges if it is to be a viable currency that can stand on it's own. In the thread I linked to in the previous post, I suggest system similar to LETS as a possible solution (though that is only to demonstrate a point of course).
One thing is for sure in my view: If there is going to a long-term successful cryptocurrency, it won't be Bitcoin. Observing altcoins, a kind of natural selection has and is taking place. No doubt, an altcoin will emerge with all the optimal qualities and give Bitcoin a run for its money or take its place. I view Bitcoin as a first prototype of cryptocurrency.
This concept of cryptocurrency succeeding while Bitcoin fails ('Invest in the technology, not the currency') is something which I think Bitcoiners don't properly comprehend. Their first thought often seems to be 'If Bitcoin is successful, then how can I not get rich?? If other people buy it to use it, then demand is higher, so the price is higher' - they don't realize that Bitcoin is not the only possible cryptocurrency, and it is fairly foolish to believe that Bitcoin will remain the exclusive cryptocurrency, even looking beyond the concerns with Bitcoin  such as centralized exchanges.
@_date: 2015-03-02 14:33:54
Bitcoin is neither a good currency nor a good investment.
I have explained at length why I think it is not fit to be a currency. You say you look at it as an investment, or at least that other people do.
I can explain very simply why it is not a good investment (neither financially nor *morally*): When you mine or use Bitcoins you do not produce anything of value. A miner actually *takes away* value, because electricity is used to create Bitcoins. All that is created is Bitcoins.
Now, if no value is created, then investors only get out what they put in. Remember those stories about people cashing out for Lamborghinis and Mansions in 2013? Well that money didn't fall out of the sky. It came from other investors. And for every such great winner, there's a thousand losers.
If you think about it, what this really is, is a pump n dump pyramid scheme. That may sound brazen, but it's factually true!