@_author: the_real_salmax
@_date: 2019-05-25 06:56:37
I'll give you my honest opinion. I'll tell you up front, I have no bitcoin and have no plans to use it any time soon. I would like to get into it, but  sending all my personal info and scanning my legal ID's plus bank account numbers into the computer and sending it to Mr. TrustMe at DerpCoinWallet.coin , is just a bit outside my comfort zone.
That said, I do keep up on how it works and how it doesn't. The way I see it , There are 2 types of bitcoin users. 1. Miners. and 2. Hoarders. A currency at it's base is a unit of exchange, I supply something tangeable for an agreed amount that benefits (ideally) Both myself and my client or customer. I then must take my earnings and divide it up and pay all of my obligations. If my earnings and obligations remain fairly constant, I can plan ahead how much I can earn and how much I will spend.  If either of these change, I can make adjustments to stay afloat. A small shift in value or costs can be dealt with without a lot of pain. Now imagine my client says , hey starting today I'm going to pay you in bitcoin.  This will become a big hassle for me because not everyone accepts bitcoin as payment, so I need to convert it to the already accepted currency in order to pay my bills and buy things I need for my daily life. That conversion makes no sense because I was already being paid in the accepted currency and I knew how much i would be paid and what I could pay with it. 
The unstable nature of bitcoin would mean that I may be paid x and before I can convert or spend it , I would have y. If x!=y then how can I buy any major Item such as a Car or a Home. How do I pay a contractor to reapair or remodel said car or home. These are real concerns. I borrow from Hank of Bamerica to pay for my house and car. How do I pay Hank if my bitcoin goes from $4000 to $3000 in the time it's in my wallet?  It's not like I can wait until it returns to $4000, So I must make up that difference or loose what I have incrementally paid for.  You get the idea.  People are not going to use some volatile string of numbers to replace what already works for them. It comes  down to this -- we already have this thing, it's called Money. Everybody in the world accepts it and everyone in the world has it and uses it for currency.  Trying to turn that what is already accepted world wide into something else is just not going to happen any time soon. Crypto looks great on the surface , but It assumes that everyone is honest. This current environment of ICO fund raising on  bullshit promises of huge returns and get rich quick mentality is nothing new , it's the same old con that's been around since time began.  There is no get rich quick scheme, only and endless line of fools to think that they can do it when all others have failed. In order for something so essential to change, just because a few people say crypto is better is not enough, to change it , it has to be orders of magnitude better and much more simple. You have to ask yourself, If bitcoin is really as amazing as everyone says, then why are they telling everyone? One would be best served to keep it quiet right? Well unless the greatness is dependant on all those  people  who still don't get what potential bitcoin has that is.