@_author: the_last_ninjaburger
@_date: 2015-04-17 08:19:39
Bitcoin is a public ledger - a list of who owns what. You own a coin if the ledger says you own a coin, and everyone knows the coin is yours because they can check the ledger. If you want to give your coin to someone else, you update the ledger to say the coin is hers now, and thus she now owns the coin because the ledger says the coin belongs to her. Easy.
The complexity underpinning the system is simply what is needed to add security and privacy - it prevents people from falsely claiming to have more coins than they do.
Optional extra detail:
Privacy is achieved because the ledger doesn't know the name of who has a coin, it just knows which wallet has a coin in it, and that wallet is just like a wallet of cash - if the wallet is in your hand, you can spend the cash, but if you drop it in the street and someone else picks it up, they can spend the cash. (Except you hold onto it with a passcode instead of your fingers) This is why there is a lot of theft with bitcoin - it's just like cash, not cheques. If you lose your wallet, the person who finds it (or who stole it) can spend it (i.e. if they know the pass code)
When you want to give someone a coin, you are telling the ledger that the coin from your wallet had been moved into her wallet. (Instead of her name, you use the number of her wallet to tell the ledger where the coin had moved to)
@_date: 2015-03-04 02:22:55
For anyone not already aware, his new Mega has been embargoed by Visa, PayPal and MasterCard (leaving bitcoin for payment), with the reason admitted to be not related to lawfulness but because it uses ironclad end-to-end encryption. So Kim Dotcom has apparently built the best cloud service in the market today, but also lost his money to the US govt, so I'd say it's time to reward him with lots of new monies by using Mega as the super-secure cloud storage of choice. Thus:
You get to use some of that bitcoin
...to obtain cloud storage so secure that money can't buy it
...while simultaneously giving the finger to the NSA, the FBI, other assorted corrupt bureaucrats, the MPAA, etc. 
Sounds like nothing but win. :)