@_author: the_great_ganonderp
@_date: 2014-01-04 08:16:14


Who's not going to use roads? How are you going to survive if you can't move around freely? The fact is that unless you live a completely self-sufficient life, you will be forced to use the "public" infrastructure, and you will therefore be forced to pay for it. The only people for whom this would be an improvement are the extreme minority who are currently harassed by law enforcement due to their choices to live outside of mainstream society.
The difference for the other 99.999whatever% will simply be that no regulatory structure exists to prevent these powerful owners of infrastructure from abusing their position. Judging by currently available data, then, they will abuse the *shit* out of it.


What is preventing these toll road entities from colluding with each other to artificially inflate prices even as they fail to provide reliable services, as we see such entities in the real world doing every day? Once the roads are in place, no new ones can be built without a conflict with the powerful, wealthy entities that control the existing ones. How would such a conflict be resolved for the good of the public?
Market competition exists now, in America, in a stark absence of effective regulation, and we've seen just how ineffective it is at driving down the prices of services like health care, communications infrastructure, etc., as well as how *effective* it is at allowing a minority of wealthy parasites to feed off the hard work of everyone else, yes, under the threat of violence and incarceration.
What you're talking about is a fairy tale, predicated on the assumption that having access to *the internet* will cause the morbidly obese masses to throw off their chains and scoot their rascals out into the street to take back what's rightfully theirs. You make this assumption even in the face of the stone cold fact that the literally *absurd* levels of inequality, injustice, and constant surveillance present in our country are documented right here on the internet for everyone to see, and *nobody fucking cares* besides the guys on cable news looking for the next big thing to yell about for two weeks.
@_date: 2014-01-04 07:29:29
This is idiotic. Saying something doesn't make it true.
Take the example of a road: they are expensive. Even if I were in a situation where I had the need *and the right* to build one, I do not have the means to build anything close to a modern paved road capable of supporting a moderate volume of traffic.
So we need a road; what do we do? Either a) we form a collective under which resources are pooled and applied to the common good (which is functionally equivalent to taxation) or b) a wealthy and powerful individual provides the means to build the road, but demands something in return (it is naive to think the average such individual would not, based on currently available data).
(Most) people are not fundamentally evil, but even in the absence of any violently aggressive individuals, our species does not currently have the foresight or cooperative spirit to be capable of maintaining a decentralized anarchist society like you describe. And you seem obsessed with this idea that "Darwinism" will prevail and support this society, but how do you explain how human society has "evolved" into its current form? How do you intend to prevent the same sort of power structures forming, if for no reason other than to fill the vacuum in the fear that others may do so first? (see also: prisoner's dilemma)
@_date: 2014-03-18 00:38:47
PSA: Some mobile phone providers (verizon for example) allow you to read texts sent to your mobile number on their site. This means that anyone who manages to compromise your cell provider account (and let's be honest, how secure do you really think those accounts are?) can also compromise any SMS-based 2FA you use. Also, I have not looked into it in detail but there is a possibility that they may be able to compromise your gmail account via the "recovery telephone" option via SMS or some kind of online voicemail access even if your primary gmail 2FA is authenticator-based rather than SMS-based. Given that gmail is the keys to the castle for a lot of us, I think it's a possibility worth taking seriously.
Edit: just to prove the point... I recently used Verizon's online text service to get into my BOA acct, which uses SMS-based 2FA, when I dropped my phone in the toilet and was waiting on a new one.
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:02:06
Isn't the NAP simply a moral stance? Just because I think it is immoral or otherwise illegitimate for others to act in a certain way towards me does not mean they can't, or that I will have the means to defend myself from said acts.
Even if I have access to relatively powerful weapons (not a given in a situation where such access is presumably controlled by large, powerful entities with the ability to manufacture and distribute such weapons), it seems unlikely that I will be able to defend myself from organized paramilitary forces with access to the same weapons, or even that my neighbors and I could mount a successful defense together.
@_date: 2014-04-26 17:10:56
@_date: 2014-01-04 09:21:25
I simply do not understand why you think a true free-market economy could function effectively in a society where the only limit on the power of an individual or corporation is how much they can practically acquire, by any and all means. I do not understand how you don't think such entities would form de facto governments, except without any of the protections for the common interest that citizens of modern western countries enjoy (despite the real problems that we are dealing with today).
This isn't even a question of the viability of a free market (which I realize is a contentious issue); it's a question of whether the obviously brutal nature of humanity in general will assert itself to ruinous effect in response to a total power vacuum. To me, that's a foregone conclusion, because we've seen it before and doubtless we'll see it again.
@_date: 2013-12-26 12:51:04
In general, I wouldn't recommend "rolling your own" Linux-based bitcoin storage unless you have a pretty good understanding of the environment on the machine, the software you're using, and the security implications of both. The average Linux environment is pretty simple, but you get very little help from the software itself (as opposed to the level of automation that's present in Windows or Mac OS X).
This makes it pretty easy to shoot yourself in the foot. If I were an inexperienced Linux user, there's no way I'd trust myself to run a system stable and secure enough for bitcoin storage. Actually, I barely trust myself *now*, with quite a few years of experience under my belt.