@_author: the_glacier
@_date: 2019-07-25 14:32:35
Love the small fan fiction for a commercial ^^
@_date: 2019-07-23 12:44:54
It's like talking to a Social Justice Warrior, all you do is repeat the talking points, probably from some weird YouTube Video or articles told you to repeat, without engaging in the discussion.


I was talking about Puerto Rico and not Venezuela, if all your assents are in Bitcoin but you can't access them because your country doesn't have power, this gonna be a big problem. 


I know you ignored my argument because, you can't justify having Bitcoin in regions where the necessary infrastructure isn't available all the time, and if some lokal event happens that cuts you off completely for a long time (Hurricane Maria), you are fucked, until you gain Access again.


First of all, Venezuela isn't a 3rd world country, to make you little bit more educated. (If it even helps)
Second, Access is limited and  in the less developed countries, so your Argument is invalid.


Saying something like that tells me you have no Idea how central banking works, you probably read an some article about factual reserve and now you think you know everything about the banking system. Derp.


 
Did you even read what I wrote? Because I did read your stuff and I kinda regret it now.


I didn't say money, again with the lazy answers. 
Money is a trade commodity but a trade commodity is not money. 
Since English isn't your first language it is excused, but if you don't understand words google them before you write something you don't have any Idea about.


So you mean it's a world wide banking conspiracy?


Yes it does, I'll explain it to you very easy.
First you wrote:  


Second you wrote:


Third you wrote:


If I add them all up together, you are basically saying that it doesn't matter how you determine the value of bitcoin, but since we don't know how to do it better, we use the dollar,euro, etc.. to back-up the value of it, but then finishing the sentence by saying the Dollar is basically worthless.
Apparently you didn't really think about the content when copy pasted this text.


Didn't answer the question and this shows me you don't have any idea about Bitcoin at all, you just some guy who jumped on the train because it got popular, and now you think you are a finical wizard.
So basically you don't have any idea about what's going on, and straight up just talk out of your ass.










Is this your way of ending all  discussions you are loosing? Not correctly reading everything I wrote and then tell me to read?  No need to be hypocrite.
@_date: 2019-07-24 00:44:29
I knew I was expecting too much from you...
@_date: 2019-07-25 13:59:03
"Throws away Dollar"
"Values his Bitcoin in Dollar"
@_date: 2019-07-23 15:08:11




You just post a a Wikipedia article without knowing what's inside, and then you call me an Idiot?
This links to the Cold War era definition, in modern times the definition changed to a somewhat more GDP related term. I don't think you can Call Austria and the Swiss a third world country today?


 The country's chief elected official appoints the director of a Central Bank.
In Russia it's probably just a guy enforcing Putins orders.
But pls explain, how Russia manged to get an inflation of 3%? 
Sounds like you know it better then all economic experts?


Forgot to correct myself, most Universal and Stable commodity, only having been highly inflated one time in recorded history, and that was wenn Mansa Musa (riches man ever alive) spend to much Gold in Egypt.


If you think it's coincident then you have no Idea why Bitcoin became even popular, I think you know what made bitcoin what it is today, but like many others in the community you don't like talk about that because it takes away almost all legitimacy. 


That's some grade A Bullshit over here, the consumer decides what happens with the Market  (in an free market economy), the market just follows, the trend. I don't understand why I need to explain that to you.


I see you are a master in words, using your high skills in  rhetoric. That's how I also won all my arguments in Kindergarten.


Then I wonder how I manged to get my MPA, must be luck.
But pleas, enlighten me how does it all work, because apparently I'm talking to Warren Buffet.
In the end I'm just highly advising to not buy abstract numbers on a network, with no one really be able to guaranteeing me that it will still be there tomorrow.
@_date: 2019-07-22 12:19:44
You also forgot you need a reliable world wide network, a working electronic device for access, power for those devices,  etc. (I can name some more if you want) 
Also the other transaction partner needs access to those things. Basically forcing people to have access to many different things in order to make a transaction is very   
inconvenient, with Gold you can argue you just need a scale and storage space.
Those are the bigger points you completely forgot in your propaganda, and that's why everybody and their dog is buying gold right now.
Highest level of scarcity on earth? How the fuck can you justify this if it's just virtual and build on trust?
Bitcoin is completely reliant on Fiat currencies to determent it's value (tbf also Gold), and that's the most funny part to me, most people on this sub won't admit it but probably 95% are doing this to be rich in the Fiat money they so absolutely "despise", or how else would they know how much money they have?
@_date: 2019-07-24 14:33:26
It can only be a waste of time if you don't have anything useful to say, and it looks like, this is the case since your first comment. 
Instead of disproving me with facts, you just call me profanities, this is usually the last escape for a sore looser. Very Pathetic. 
As to your last two "Statements":


That is one part of a possible solution, in a Free Market, but Russia is not a Free Market, you should know that. 


If you say stuff like that it's very hard for me and other people to take you seriously. 
It's not even a clever line, it's just an childish statement, offending the education system of a whole country, just because you can't handle the facts and truth of one random Person on the internet. 
I hope you don't take yourself to seriously, or I have some very bad news for you.
I usually don't interact with arrogant "in-the-way" People, you can feel honoured.
Probably you are the best at washing the dishes at work, but just knowing some wild stuff about Bitcoin doesn't qualify you to talk about world economics, but at least you have to confidence of a snake oil salesmen.  
Unless the quality of your texts show a upward tendency, I would agree, and recommend you to not waste your time anymore, and go be productive. There are probably some dirty dishes that need your expert cleaning.
@_date: 2019-07-09 13:31:51
You guys still want to live under money in the future?
@_date: 2019-07-09 22:21:51
We definitely won't achieve it with that attitude ;)
@_date: 2019-07-22 21:29:48


I doesn't even need to be an Apokalypse, it can also be a war or a natural disaster, cutting your access off, making everything worthless until you get accesses again, good luck in a case like (Hurricane Maria - Puerto Rico for almost a year without power)
In stead of buying your dumb Lamborghinis, you should rather invest in development work in the 3rd world so they also have access to it. But no, just sit on you coins and hope you will be rich.
So we can agree on that if you want to play it a 100 safe, you'll better off buying gold


So this is a false statement and is very uniformed about world economics, from this I can guess you are a Citizen of the United States.
To enlighten you, when the sanctions in 2014 hit, Russia had started to see a rise in inflation, peaking in 2015 (15%)
Putin reacted in ditching most of the assets Russia had in dollar followed by reinvesting them into gold to back-up the rubel on the world market. From that on Inflation got to an impressive 3%. The Dollar being the standard is most of the Problem, but if you don't believe me ask Gaddafi or Saddam Hussein, they would probably agree.
Gold is the oldest form of trade commodity, starting in ancient Egypt (maybe older) and still goes on until today. It mostly had very reliable standard over the time, but I can only say the about Europe, it was probably different in Australia before the Red Coats came. Banks buy Gold now because they expect the dollar to collapse completely, it's feel super unnatural to me saying Banks investing in something because of there Agenda, that would be very stupid and not in the interest of profit hungry investors










Applying your own logic:
Bitcoin=Fiat=Thin Air


Also yes because the Dollar at that time was backed-up by the Gold Standard.
I'm also Interessent if you can tell me what the primary use was for Bitcoin and the reason it isn't anymore?
Very bias chart, wich can be pulled in all directions because the attributes  are way too unspecific, but I hope I don't need to explain that to you.
@_date: 2019-07-22 14:59:14
Can you say why, or is this your way of telling me to STFU because you have shit ton of fiat money invested in this stuff? 
Can't get bitcoins with out real world money.
@_date: 2018-06-14 09:30:11
I see, you keep your virginity well protected.
@_date: 2017-11-03 07:29:52
For me personally, a working "Time Machine" would be very helpful...
If you get that running, I'll get you the best "Thank you"  handshake of your Life. 
PM me
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:54:59
Actually it is/was somehow  linked to the black markets. 
Examples are the yearly Cannabis harvest and more recent the Alpha/Hansa bust....
@_date: 2017-09-15 15:54:59
Actually it is/was somehow  linked to the black markets. 
Examples are the yearly Cannabis harvest and more recent the Alpha/Hansa bust....