@_author: the_bolshevik
@_date: 2017-12-20 16:50:50
This whole "us vs them" attitude is so counter productive. I liquidated both my BTC and BCH earlier this year in favor of a project that doesnt have a massive governance problem.
That the promise of decentralization and freedom that initially sprung life into Bitcoin and the crypto community could come to this saddens me very much, but such is the current state of affairs.
I fear this whole BTC/BCH thing is far from over. I also see both sides of the argument, and as evil and manipulative as Ver and his clique might be, there is a valid point in the idea that some short term scaling solution is needed. Lightning is cool and all, and im sure it will be successful, but it doesnt change the fact that small users are being priced out of using their coins right now.
@_date: 2014-01-25 06:18:03
It seems to me like you attribute far too many of the world's problems to "government". Other than that, I can more or less agree with your argument. But that part really bugged me. You need to factor in more things than the terrible threat of government to make a ~~convincing~~ serious political argument.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:45:18
I think you meant to say "capitalist scumbag".
It makes no sense at all to call this man a socialist. And whether or not he pretends otherwise does not change the reality that he is a *capitalist investor*. Scapegoating stuff as socialist unfortunately does not strengthen the argument.
@_date: 2014-01-15 16:36:58
In the case of an exploit, I think it would be likely to see bitcoin's name recognition threatened by a rising altcoin that is seen as more secure. I can see this leading to two potential outcomes : a hardfork and subsequent recovery of bitcoin to fix the vulnerability, or the doom of bitcoin and success of some other better coin. Or maybe something in between, with both coins coming out relatively even.
@_date: 2017-08-25 22:03:59
It certainly uploads a lot... Does that not help the network?
@_date: 2016-12-29 13:31:51
All this kicking and screaming is to be expected. I suspect behind all this money revolution talk lies the cold hard fact that most people are also in it for a profit.
@_date: 2017-08-14 05:32:57
So assuming this isn't bullshit, you have some balls of steel to toss so much money into obscure alts. And you're probably addicted to gambling too. On the upside, you have *so many* shitcoins now that some of them are bound to get pumped again in the future. Certainly not all of them, but you'll probably be able to get back what you lost on a few of those. Not that I could tell you which ones - I don't even know what half of them are.
Remember Cryptsy. If you're going to hold for any length of time, get those coins off the exchanges. It's gonna be a bit of a pain in the ass to set up wallets for all that crap but... do it.
My own little bit of advice, from having made a similar mistake (albeit on a vastly smaller scale) in 2013, is to not try to hold fringe alts for very long : they can crash to near-zero.
@_date: 2017-11-03 12:03:15
There certainly is *some* space for BCH to grow, but this flippening "theory" implies a massive collusion by a large number of market movers. It would nuke public confidence back to Mt.Gox levels and expose the whole crypto space as crooked and manipulated markets in the public eye while destroying a massive amount of value. Everyone who has bought BTC after the august fork would end up completely fucked.
It's probably not even true that it's in "the miners and the whale's best interest" to do this. It could be, but it's going to cost them a lot of money to pull off an extremely risky move. "Best interest" is taken with a twist here as the highest-risk, highest-reward move they could possibly make. That is hardly how a sane person would define "best interest". It's immensely both safer and easier for whales and miners to be content with either segwit2x or segwit1x so that BTC's meteoric rise continues sooner rather than later after an uneventful fork. Presenting the flippening as the most likely because miners and whales would benefit the most from it is no more than petty sophistry.
edit : engrish
@_date: 2017-10-17 01:05:38
Something to think about for people who will be trying this : you might want to limit the upload rate of your full node. Mine is a dedicated server in a VM, and if I just let it loose it eventually makes 100+ connections and hogs the entire upload bandwidth. I have an unlimited monthly traffic limit, but this congestion still slows down everything else on my network.
The solution is to limit it to some percentage of the link's total upload potential. You can do that locally with QoS on the bitcoin server (wondershaper is what I used for a while) or on the router/firewall if your OS comes with that capability.
So anyone with monthly limits to upload is strongly encouraged to check how much bandwidth the node is consuming before you leave it on for several days/weeks.
@_date: 2017-10-09 14:35:04
Maybe I'm paranoid but I insisted on first moving my entire BTC stash to a new wallet, waited a few confirmations to make sure everything was fine, then loaded the old wallet.dat in the shitty bitcoinABC client I had painstakingly synchronized in a virtual machine. It had kept crashing randomly and literally took a week to synchronize but eventually worked. So from there I sent all the BCH to an exchange and claimed my free dividends.
It's probably easier to use Electrum Cash and avoid synchronizing like I did.
@_date: 2017-10-20 11:54:09
I haven't seen any "Satoshi:1.1" or "(2x*" nodes connect to mine.
But I'm seeing a metric ton of these :
    "subver": "/bitcore:1.1.0/",
Anyone know if they are they also 2X nodes or something else? I don't recall seeing this particular subversion before.
@_date: 2017-10-14 14:51:55
Depends how much you worry about counterparty risk.
Coins on Coinbase (or any exchange) are technically not yours, because you do not know the private keys. You trust in the exchange operator to to allow you to withdraw your balance when the time comes, and they usually do.
But in a contentious hard fork with no replay protection like this the exchange operator is vulnerable to replay attacks that could make him insolvent. So he will freeze withdrawals until the dust settles and your coins will be locked up for some time.
In the event that the two chains survive you also may or may not get access to your balance on the minority chain depending on the exchange (in the case of Coinbase, I think they've said they would support both tokens - but I'm not 100% sure).
So it basically comes down to how much trust you are willing to put in a third party to honor their word and make you whole after the fork. If the answer is not that you fully trust them, better to withdraw.
@_date: 2017-10-09 15:13:39
Are there any reports of people having their private keys exposed / BTC stolen from using it?
@_date: 2017-10-22 02:32:46
There is no catch.
You can expect to do great, until one day you don't. As someone who tried to dabble into trading in 2014, I will tell you it's not worth the effort. You might very well do great at first though.
Eventually you will get cocky, and make mistake. At the end of a day you will see -39% in dark red numbers over portfolio. You will become stressed. You will be checking prices all the time. And it won't be nearly as easy or simple as you thought it would be. And unless you are tremendously dedicated, you will eventually retire your modest earnings into cold storage to stop trading and hodl in peace.
@_date: 2017-05-16 22:07:17
Well, it's certainly not easier. I happen to run a full node on windows and I'm actually in the process of getting a build environment set up in a VM. It's not even for these specific binaries, I just wanted to experiment with the whole process of creating my own altcoin testnet and figure out how the code works. I study computer science and work in the IT field, but have little experience with C/C++ so I thought it would be a worthwhile little project.
Right now I'm stuck at compiling Qt, and there isn't a whole lot of information on how to fix the compile errors I'm getting. I'm sure I'll get it right eventually, but this is nowhere as easy or straightforward as picking up the .exe and straight up installing the thing.
@_date: 2017-05-25 11:20:45
You can run a pruned node. To enable block pruning set prune=&lt;N&gt; on the command line or in bitcoin.conf, where N is the number of MiB to allot for raw block &amp; undo data.
A value of 0 disables pruning. The minimal value above 0 is 550.
Keep in mind that a full node will also upload a lot too, so if datacaps are the issue, make sure you disable listening (listen=0) or you'll end up with a nasty surprise at the end of the month.
It can easily upload 1TB per month on my 10mbps uplink. Yes, I have unlimited data.
@_date: 2017-05-16 12:08:01
Can anyone explain why there arent binaries available yet?  If its something this big that requires wide spread support and two months before the big day there still isnt a way to upgrade your node, theres perhaps a problem?
Expecting node operators to build it from source isnt gonna net awesome results.
@_date: 2013-12-26 19:46:24
Not a good idea. At current difficulty you will need 1,467.60  days to generate 1 BTC (from this [calculator]( So if you're interested in this for profit, you can pretty much forget seeing any return on this investment. You would be far better off buying 160$ worth of bitcoins today.
Alternatively, look into scrypt mining. If you have a computer with a graphics card you can get started today mining Litecoins or Dogecoins. Or any other *coin.