@_author: the_real_buckrogers
@_date: 2014-11-07 09:37:56
You my friend are an idiot.
All of your facts are incorrect, and you obviously know nothing about GAW and where they came from and what they have done to contribute to this community.
You showed a pic of them flying in a private jet, so what? any CEO worth a dime in a multi-million dollar major company flies in a private jet. Hell I have nothing, and I have flown in one.  But thats not the point here.
You see GAW did not materialize out of thin air, and create a ponzi scheme as you call it.
They have been a well established company which owned other companies for years before getting into this venture. Which means They have a long track record of making things work, which comes from years of experience.
They are not some GOX mystery murderers and robbers, they are honest business men, who brought their experience from their other businesses to the table now and are "changing the game" as they say.
I can say that I have been mining for quite some time now, meaning not a newbie, but a few years of experience while dealing with all sorts of vendors and manufacturers, and have seen the slime that was out there for so many years, and there was nothing you could do about it.
From mining on CPU's to GPU's an onwards I have seen it all. So when GAW came on to the scene not but 6 months ago or so, I immediately saw something different here and realized on the spot that this brand spanking new company called GAW Miners was something different, and something other vendors would have to contend with.
I have been a customer of theirs from day 1, as I had faith from what I saw them doing and proposing back then, and along the way whenever there was an issue of any kind, they would send compensation, or give free hashing power or whatever to make the customer happy unlike any other company I have ever seen and dealt with. 
So I would actually call that Excellent customer service in my book.
If you want to talk Ponzi then lets talk about KNC, BFL and too many others to mention.
I was actually was one of the first people to order the "Neptune" which had a price tag on it of over $13,000 or so if I remember correctly, and I waited month after month for something , anything to come , some news...nothing. 
Luckily I was in the first group of people who ordered that was entitled to a full money back guarantee before shipment. Soon afterwards they removed that option from their site, and we all know what happened after that.
Then you take a company like GAW, who started to sell gridseed orbs, then blades, etc. and if you had an issue after receiving it within a few days, they would offer you compensation in many forms to choose from, some being , let us send you out new miners, and in the meantime we will compensate you for your downtime, etc... 
You see where i'm headed with this?
They ARE the game changers in this industry and do and have done what no other company has ever done before.
Imagine trying to get a refund from some guy you bought a miner from out of his basement in china! You would be lucky if you even got a response let alone some sort of compensation or a new miner. ha!
So fast forward to now with all of the positive things GAW has done since they opened up shop. You mentioned the hashlet which IS a digital miner, it is not hardware, but it is backed by hardware. They have datacenters filed to the roof with miners chugging away, and have to keep opening new ones to keep up with the demand from their customers who have become so loyal, they DO give them a lot of money and one of the reason is that they DO see results and nice payouts. 
Of course with any new system there are glitches and issues, but the GAW team are dedicated to moving fast to resolve anything that comes up or brought to their attention.
I can attest that most everything you said is incorrect, and that I myself have invested my time and money in GAW and have seen nothing but positive returns all the way in both customer service and payouts. Plus you have to remember this is coming from someone who has invested in pretty much everything at one time or another and has hardware miners, cloud hashing, etc, etc.
And when you talk about the new coin which is called the hashcoin at the moment, how is that a bad thing?
They are changing things for the better, making crypto more available to the general population and getting the word out about it, which only strengthens the entire system. If there are no miners, there are no coins BTC or otherwise.
I really could go on and on and write a small book about all the positive experiences I have had with GAW and others in the community as well, but I really don't have to, the proof is in the pudding as they say.
You claim Ponzi, I claim stupidity, fair?
I have made coin, and continue to make coin, I can leave whenever I want and cash out in the marketplace at anytime. There is no "lockdown" and limitations here. 
When the hashcoin comes into play it will bring more adoption to the market for bitcoin and other crypto coins as well , as major retailers will begin accepting it as another form of payment similar to the way some of them do now with BTC.
I dont know man, it seems like you are simply trolling here or have something against GAW personally or maybe you are the competition, It has all happened and we have seen it before, and any new emerging company that is doing great will be questioned, and probed, but myself and many thousands of users have faith , and more thousands each day!
Can you say that about any other company?
I dont think so.
So instead of bad mouthing something good that will help everything crypto, why don't you sit back and enjoy the ride, or better yet, buy some hashlets so you can be a part of something great.
