@_author: the_dude_lebowski2
@_date: 2018-12-29 00:07:13
[Contrapoints on Peterson](
This video is good and informative. Peterson uses far too much jargon and devolves into word-salad whenever he is struggling to make a point(watch his debate on religion and ethics with Dillahunty where he barely manages to articulate anything substantive in over an hour of dialogue). 
Dave Rubin is legitimately a stupid person; I’m not sure why you’d recommend him to anyone(most notably, listen to him try to discuss the post office with Joe Rogan or watch basically any of his “interviews” where his laid-back Larry King style is really just a mask for not being able to make an intellectual contribution). 
I don’t want “totalitarian rule over the marketplace of ideas”. People like Peterson and Rubin often have bad, harmful ideas that I’d prefer people not espouse. If I’ve said anything you think is egregiously wrong, feel free to correct me.
@_date: 2018-12-29 00:59:28
“Since you didn’t give any examples for me to even analyze, this is just ad hom”


It’s not ad hom. I called him stupid because his arguments in said discussion are stupid, not the other way around.
Not sure how much more specific I can be. [Here’s a link of him discussing building codes with Rogan.]( If you can’t see how moronic this is, then I can’t help you. Rubin’s libertarian fantasies are harmful to society. There’s really no way around it. Advocating against things like building codes and environmental regulations in the spirit of “small government” has and would lead to very negative consequences.
I also pointed you to the Dillahunty debate and Contra’s video for Peterson. I don’t have a problem with Peterson using elevated language. I had to slog through Kant and Foucault in college so it’s not foreign to me. 
Also, saying “ad hom” in a fucking reddit thread makes you look like a complete dork, dude. And yes, this is ad hom.
@_date: 2018-12-29 03:07:59
Sure, Rubin’s great for “the ess jay dubyas are ruining free speech, the regressive left is no longer liberal, and college campuses are breeding grounds for postmodern neo-Marxism” and he can say it in less words then Peterson. 
@_date: 2018-12-29 01:47:09
It’s not a singular gaff about building codes. Dave Rubin’s entire schtick is laissez-faire capitalism and deregulation, so you’d expect the example he uses to be something he’d be able to defend. So if I don’t like an example, I’m ad homming, and when I do, I’m nitpicking, so I’m not sure what recourse I really have. 
Fwiw, I respect Peterson in many ways as an academic psychologist, and don’t think he’s a stupid person. Rubin, on the other hand, isn’t really respected by anyone and it’s pretty obvious why. Have a nice one, dude, I doubt we’re gonna find common ground here.