@_author: the_arcadian00
@_date: 2019-07-31 22:31:05
Ha. That is not how fractional reserve banking works, not at all. The “fractional” aspect is with respect to a banks’s liabilities — I.e., customer deposits at the bank. A bank only needs to hold a reserve equal to some fraction of such deposits. The loans issued by a bank are recorded as assets on the bank’s balance sheet, not liabilities, so they are irrelevant in this discussion of fractional reserves. A bank does not get to invent money it does not have when issuing a loan — it must get its hands on those dollars, in one way or another. 
Your discussion of homeownership works in a fantasy world where people don’t grow old. In the real world, people get older, have families, and need somewhere to put them, and they don’t have time to wait 20 years to save up for a home while unnecessarily burning their cash on rental costs.
@_date: 2019-07-31 14:48:51
Explain how banks are in the business of “loaning money they don’t have.” Banks can’t print money — maybe they can syndicate your loan, but they can’t go to the mint and ask for more cash to be generated. So how is that any different from your theoretical BTC bank? 
And the idea that costs are “inflated” due to the availability of finance is ludicrous. Where exactly do you see costs falling in the absence of consumer debt? You mention that “production costs are inflated due to the sales price” — what?? Do you know how many separate venders contribute to a final vehicle — do you think they have any idea what the final margin on the car is? It’s just preposterous to think that changing one variable in the car industry will lead to major cost reductions
Lastly, under your logic, it never makes sense to purchase a house. But what youre not considering is that people need housing, and their options are to lease a home or buy one. If it is more cost effective to buy a home (vs. lease it) them the financing costs / mortgage make good economic sense. Without debt, very few people could buy homes.