@_author: theagent_man
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:19:13
This post makes no sense. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:32:08
So many dumb people in here. In the super-bullish market in nov/dec there was a post pinned on this sub about that you should NOT invest what you can't afford to lose. 
That is just commons sense and applies to everything. 
I honestly feel so sad for the people that didn't listen. The few "i got a lambo/i paid off all my loanes" does not apply to everyone. If YOU would have made a profit then others would have to lose. 
@_date: 2018-02-04 18:17:45
I bought bitcoin in 2012 and sold at the end of 2013. I didn't hit the big upswing (1k+) but i made a profit. I sold my bitcoins since i didn't think the currency would be used on an everyday basis. So i just waited for the hype and tried to get out in time. Turns out, i got out way too early. 
However, i just don't get how people time and time again posts on reddit/boards with phrases like "buy now since there are only 21mil!", "in a few years everyone will use bitcoin so if you buy early you make profits". 
Bitcoin is probably the biggest bubble we will ever have. 
I don't think it will be adopted by the masses and even IF that starts too happen, i think the governments will step in. Big time. 
And honestly, why would it be adopted by the masses? The ones who got in first, and big, are the ones that benefit from it. Why would the majority of the people in the world buy something just to make transactions? That's absurd. 
The technology has a future while Bitcoin, sadly, does not. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:22:21
The whole idea that the "rest of the world/late buyers" would start to buy Bitcoin 10 years from now just too make transactions.... THAT'S ABSURD. Do people honestly think that by the time every Bitcoin is mined the masses are going to buy the coin just to make transactions? 
And regardless. Why would governments let a few % of people (the early adopters) control a "worldwide" currency? 
Biggest and the most stupid bubble i have ever seen. 
The thing that really grinds my gears is the fact that people without knowledge bought into it. They bought in december and now they are getting destroyed. Homes, families and peoples lives will crash and burn. 
"BUY BITCOIN AND GET RICH, EVERYONE WILL GET RICH!" Honestly, fuck off. 