@_author: theasstlas
@_date: 2012-05-28 06:02:19
TheAtlas - while your enthusiasm for bitcoin is genuinely appreciated, can you please stop posting these rather tenuous links? Over the last week or so it has become very easy to identify your posts based purely on the titles alone (content notwithstanding).
Would be very grateful if you could aim to post something a bit more relevant, thanks.
@_date: 2012-08-31 08:17:52
You seem like the kind of person who knows a worthy investment when he sees one! Speaking of which, you wouldn't be interested in my new BTC investment scheme by any chance? Good rates of return on your coin...
Sorry that was mean.
@_date: 2012-08-25 05:51:48
If something is too good to be true, it probably is.
What we don't understand is not always a scam.
The former is served to us through time, origins not so unlike our own in length. The latter I believe, you wrote yourself. 
I believe you made such a bet for the goodness in humanity. It shows us you are fundamentally a good person who wants to believe in others to do the right thing, that we can act in unity, brothers and sisters both.
Truly, I too wish such a state could upon us lie without ceremony. Or taint.
I don't wish the truth to be so cutting either. Over these few days past, I have not felt the chill of doubt in that which you surely must; time as the twilight, turning dew to frost, just as the humanity trusted reveals its nature. Stark.
Those among us though. Who might ingrain themselves onto others, closer still until they seem a reflection, even. So close that we might not separate. Perhaps will not. They stand, not far, on the shore beyond the streams surrounding us and yet. A part forever opaque. Inside there, we cannot see. The soul, perhaps. The intent, no less! 
We try our bridge, created yet untested. And lo, its strength is nothing. Reeds lain across the cold waters between us. No path. Stranded.
Yet, such people have existed for as long as we have. They build, hoping we never test until, the time most necessary, then... gone.
Pirate has in his possession an inordinate amount of wealth now. There is no legal consequence for a default. No jail time or prisons as there are no laws or regulations. Only a cost to humanity, and his sacrifice; a couple of years of life, showing good faith to people.
From my heart I wish you the best. 