@_author: theamishgangster
@_date: 2016-08-31 05:49:59
Circle offers instant buys using a debit or credit card.  Don't remember what was required for verification when I signed up,  but it was less rigorous then Coinbase or other exchanges, and my account was activated in under 24hrs. $300 initial weekly limit, increases automatically to $3,000 after establishing a few weeks of purchase history.  Not sure about fees for selling btc, withdrawing fiat, or using a cc, but buying with debit or checking account is supposedly free.
@_date: 2016-08-20 19:58:10
Lol this post could easily be titled "An idea FROM the Bitfinex hacker," hehe
@_date: 2016-08-20 20:55:57
According to the CEO of one blockchain analysis company, near impossible:
"Gronager believes the theft was a grave mistake, and he details the minute the coins are used they will be detected. The Chainalysis executive says the stolen bitcoins are in a similar to criminals 'sitting on a pile of marked banknotes."
@_date: 2016-08-20 12:29:16
While shady and fucked up on Microsoft's part, I don't think this reflects on BTC as a choice for online purchases.  You can surely buy as much Microsoft Currency as you'd like using BTC with ease, from what I understand.  Whatever that might be worth to you, lol.
I'm with the OP on the general sentiment of this post, but the guy was right when he said:
"As consumers, we must be responsible for knowing what we are buying before making a purchase."
@_date: 2016-10-30 22:18:03
I think you're confused; setting up a wallet doesn't necessarily have anything to do with the actual purchase/sale of BTC, it is simply a place to store BTC that you may receive and a means to send BTC elsewhere if you so choose. Mycelium, Electrum, Breadwallet, Bitcoin wallet, I'm sure the list goes on; all these take a few minutes max to set up and the most difficult aspect of utilizing their functions may be copying and pasting BTC addresses into or out of the apps... 
Coinbase is an exchange that offers a mobile app with which you can manage your "wallet." What Coinbase actually gives you is an account on their exchange that comes along with some of the functionality of a personal wallet. Similar to a bank account in that their are stringent identity verification requirements (it's the law,) rigid protocols that need to be followed bc your a customer of a for-profit business organization, and you only have access to your money when and how the exchange allows you access (once you successfully find a manageable means of obtaining bitcoin, please learn about the differences between an exchange "wallet" and a true personal wallet, basically analogous to keeping money in the bank vs cash in your pocket.) 
I don't remember ever reading or being told that bitcoin would be easy to obtain and/or accumulate, but once you have them, I guarantee you'll find that storing/moving them is easier than any other method of transacting "currency" than you've previously experienced. 
Try Circle, for a relatively painless experience with buying BTC for the first time.  Or localbitcoins, or your closest  BTC ATM, depending on your willingness to pay for the increased convenience these services offer as opposed to a larger exchange.