@_author: theauggieboy
@_date: 2019-07-31 05:36:03
 Never heard anyone say bitcoin is boring when it’s trading lower. I guess people will post saying anything to get their point across.
@_date: 2019-07-30 00:49:09
You can’t compare a precious metal that is naturally found on earth that we humans can’t make to bitcoin something man made. It’s very different.
@_date: 2019-11-29 10:09:54
What is going to drive the increase this time? You can’t look in the past for future results. Finance 101.
@_date: 2019-11-25 05:13:01
We’re not talking about $8-10 no more. It’s a lot of money. I hope you’re doing your homework. Otherwise you’re just a speculator or someone who has no plan, hoping it goes up cuz you believe in it or profit.
@_date: 2019-08-05 18:36:53
You point out one of the worst examples to prove a point, doesn’t mean much.
@_date: 2019-10-26 21:39:35
They’ll seize your life screw a bitcoin. Dumb post
@_date: 2019-02-17 20:41:04
You’ll be waiting a very long time. People just assume USD is evil and some new currency Bitcoin is going to solve everything for society. How is bitcoin going to fund infrastructure? How is it going to support budgeted national programs? How is it going to do anything that requires billions or trillions of a currency if it’s finite?
@_date: 2019-04-10 21:15:45
It’s a money hole yup. Everyone should stop investing.
@_date: 2018-07-15 00:41:06
You really think that’s the only way? I’m sure governments can just sign into law a bill that gives access for companies to do this with or without the participants permission for the sake of improvement or whatever other reason they’ll provide. If the people won’t allow it, then companies and ISP’s will have incentive to build another solution, and you can believe that they will work together to find one. Both companies and governments have billions and trillions of dollars to protect.
You’re right, bitcoin doesn’t have to replace the government. Most of all these discussions on bitcoin are about uncontrollable growth or it taking over as the standard currency which is simply not going to happen. People investing in bitcoin itself are on two sides, one wants it to replace all other currencies, while the others want it to be an alternative.
Governments will allow it to a certain extent, but let’s be honest institutional investments, money that people depend on for their livelihood and retirement is going to be very difficult to attract. Not to mention with all this fraud and pump and dumps. The fraud will only get more sophisticated from here, and if the government doesn’t fully back this “currency” and treat it as such then people will just lose their “investment” aka currency to fraud, pump and dumps, theft, 51% attacks, price collusion, etc. 
I doubt that many people have the need for a global permissionless alternative, especially one that fluctuates so much in value at any given minute. People say it will be worth tens of thousands for one coin. How do you expect people to afford that? Fractions of a coin? How long until bitcoin violates the finite limit rule and creates essentially more coin? You might think it’s impossible, but it’s just code. It’s digital currency. Anything is possible. Maybe someone finds a way, or does it better. Just by moving over the decimal they can essentially create more fractions of a coin just like printing money. It’s not that much different from quantitative easing. Demand will exceed supply the way these speculators and articles are predicting.
Like I said, it’s a great idea, and it’s value is forged on that. You bring up some good points. Maybe years down the line, the world as a whole agrees that it needs something more sustainable and universal.
@_date: 2019-09-17 17:36:17
That same image could be said for bitcoin. It’s also manmade and has weaknesses and shortcomings. Nothing different.
@_date: 2018-07-14 11:55:23
In my opinion. Block chain is the real underlying value in all of these digital cryptocurrencies. Once companies implement and adapt this technology into their infrastructures, the value of these currencies as well as their relevancy will start losing value. For the time being people will make money trading on speculation, adaptation, word of mouth, etc. Too volatile, even with futures contracts for this to be truly considered a currency. In US, we have GAAP for accounting, the rest of the world has IFRS. its been years and years that these two reporting agencies have been fighting to make a universal standard. They can’t even agree on simple definitions let alone anything else. What makes people believe that governments all around the world will just phase out their nations currency for crypto? Trillions with a T in various currencies are floating around. Bitcoin sounds promising, but I don’t expect it to take off for at least 15-20 years. It’s a promising idea, and that creates quite a lot of its value for now.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:00:16
This is suppose to be the future right?? I didn’t even read it, didn’t have to. I just skimmed through the flow charts, graphs, etc. How is bitcoin suppose to get past this? The levels of attack will only get more sophisticated as it grows. Sorry dude I feel for ya. Good luck in the future.
@_date: 2019-05-22 20:29:19
Unless you get sim hacked. Then all your bananas are gone and can’t be reversed.
@_date: 2018-12-10 22:02:59
Most credible piece of speculation, must withdraw all funds into bitcoin now.
@_date: 2018-12-21 00:12:42
I don’t invest in bitcoin, I’m merely a speculator. You’re right, TRADERS love volatility, but that’s not bitcoins purpose. It needs to be a stable form of currency that holds its’ value over time.
@_date: 2018-12-02 04:09:11
There is a lot more that goes into daily price action movements in the markets than just the words of a few very wealthy men. Yes, it can negatively affect it in the short term. There is a lot more to the valuation of an asset than just speculation and coincidences. I doubt all those drops in bitcoins value were due to the words of a few people. Much more had to have been taking place in the markets those same days that could have contributed to the drop in % just as much if not more than what JP Morgan and everyone else said. It’s a publicly held and traded digital currency. It can drop in chunks like that if a few group of people who owned a sizeable amount of bitcoin had decided to sell all at the same time. Not enough information to derive meaning from what ifs and coincidences. Who knows whose holding it and for what reason. Of course making money is a different matter altogether. JP Morgan could hate the idea of bitcoin and say it publicly, but if it’s around and is a hot digital currency to make money on currently, any smart business person would pursue it. 1% or 2% of these guys’ overall net worths personally as well as their hedge funds is money their comfortable investing in pursuing new leads for ROI. For them it’s the cost of doing business, whether you hate or love the idea anyone would do anything to make quick return.
@_date: 2018-12-21 00:32:42
You expect to trust your livelihood and your future financial stability in a currency that is run by the people? Humanity for the most part aren’t even decent with each other, and you want to complicate that by adding money into the equation? 
“Instead of providing stability and a viable currency.” That sure sounds like what the US government are doing right now. It may not be a perfect system, but it’s tried and tested. There definitely needs to be major changes, but I don’t think scrapping the whole system for bitcoin is smart. Entering a bitcoin era can create a lot more new issues that no one might anticipate. It’s like you said, biggest players make profit instead of stability, right? Whose to guarantee that’ll never stop in the future? It’s the people’s currency so the biggest players can keep buying and selling to manipulate the price for everyone else. One day this whale is on top the next someone else. It’s not secure, what’ll happen if someone robs you at gunpoint to transfer all your bitcoin to them? Who will you go to for help? It’s an encrypted digital currency. Once it’s gone it’s gone.
It has a finite amount that can be mined as you stated. This’ll never satisfy the demands of the world. The way I see it, printing money is the same thing as moving over the decimal places in bitcoin to “create” more if ever needed. You can’t have a future system, and before ever adopting it state well this is all we have and that’s it. No confidence.
People just expect trillions of dollars to disappear and have a new system take its place, when they haven’t even worked out all the minute details of each and every circumstance the world has going on. Just a speculators point of view.
@_date: 2019-05-03 18:52:24
Of course a chairman of the NYSE will say good things. I can’t see something that has no tangible existence to be worth more than something like gold. At this point, bitcoins becoming more like a cult for any reason other than for the good of humanity. All I see is a bunch of posts on appreciating/depreciating value or how many people should invest in bitcoin. It’s just a greed trip that’s gained some mainstream media.
@_date: 2018-12-21 00:16:02
It needs to focus on a single aspect of its identity if it will ever gain traction into becoming the people’s currency. Otherwise I’m afraid to say it’s a bubble. Might be a long played out bubble, but nonetheless a bubble.
@_date: 2018-12-10 22:14:30
Democracies are tried and tested for decades, even through collapses. Bitcoin has not been through its paces in the good, bad, and ugly times in the economy.
@_date: 2019-05-06 19:01:36
What’s your point about bitcoin?
@_date: 2018-12-10 22:26:41
EVERYTHING in the stock market is a game of “accumulation” with the exception of a few things. One being currency. That’s very misleading and not helpful. Bitcoin is very volatile, especially in cases like now where the market is in a downtrend. Currency of any sort whether it be virtual or paperback should not do that. Futures contracts barely even helped stabilize the fluctuations in bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-05-03 19:01:05
Everyone is saying most alt coins are useless and shitcoins this and shitcoins that. Bitcoin is just another crypto currency like the those shitcoins. Only difference is it’s a polished turd held by people who want it to appreciate for their own gains or some other selfish reason. All you ever see about bitcoin posts is money, numbers, fraud, pump and dumps, values, etc. This is the currrency people want other people to stake their livelihoods on. And whenever you mention this anyone whose holding bitcoin will say oh it’s a currency for the people not in the hands of big banks. Yeah? Really? The people sure are doing a great job.