@_author: thearchitecttt
@_date: 2018-02-27 13:33:24
EU roaming:
In europe the company “3” has had free flat rate world roaming for years, and this has been the case for US companies as well. All this, years before finally the legislation in EU was made last year.  The only thing the law does is to force the price over on other customers. This is not voluntary, but a bad effect of the law. In the free market product that already existed, the price was voluntary and it was actually a much better deal. 
Credit cards: 
if there is a 10x price difference this is news to me. But even if this is true, the european customers will just pay the price in another way. Not to forget taxation. This is a fundamental way the market works. If there is an actual 10x upside on credit cards, there will emerge a competing way to pay, this is 100% sure. 
Government infrastructure;
Mobile data networks are not owned by government. There might be still some parts of the data infrastructure  remaining on government hands, but there is no reason a data network can’t be 100% private. 
I simply don’t see any way the market can create involuntary transactions as you mention? i actually don’t understand your argument.
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:05:59
You would only buy back btc with fiat in these years before btc has reached its “final” valuation in usd....after this point is reached, the value will only grow with world GDP every year, and you might just use your btc salary to pay the next thing you buy...
So since the original poster’s scenario is meant to be a future scenario, your point would be moot.
OR you could say you are right, and it is a fundamental condition of btc, that because it has no inflation, it is very likely to never become a widespread payment currency...So you will need cryptos with some form of inflation for that. In that case you have a good point.
@_date: 2018-02-11 20:24:33
Agree in many of your points...didn’t think of the “early adopter award” as a conscious strategy from Satoshi before. Interesting.
But in my view, crypto’s path to growth is actually not by being a smarter payment system.....You are right, why would anyone bother to switch to crypto in the western world where everyone has a bank, VISA / mastercard payments are ubiquitous and super easy to use.
The reason crypto will grow are primarily two things:
1. In the developing world we have 3-4 bio people who don’t have a bank, and therefore do not have access to  any form of online transactions. But they do have smart phones. I think it’s simply more likely that they will use crypto, than all those people getting a bank, let alone stable banks and national banks existing at all in these places. Crypto will bank the unbanked and unleash the economic growth of the rest of the world.
2. Crypto based decentralized services will have a HUGE edge over centralized ones, because there will be no middleman. Just imagine an Uber service that is 20% cheaper than Uber, but does exactly the same. There is no reason this will not happen, and theoretically there is no possibility for a centralized fiat based service to ever being able to compete on price. This will unleash the next wave of internet based services.
@_date: 2018-02-11 19:49:47
great point...In my view bitcoin is destined to remain relevant, but as an investment asset, similar to gold today. It will reach a final value (possibly around 1 mio dol) and then simply grow with world GDP from there...So it is an alternative to holding gold.
So which other crypto has this “smart” inflation that you mention built in to the technology? Or are we rather looking at a token economy of hundreds of different currencies that are able to individually adjust their value to remain competitive..
I tend to believe the latter...Each new service/firm has its own coin, and there would be several services that are currency agnostic for practical day to day payments. 
@_date: 2018-04-06 19:26:21
I’m not sure this is true. 
I am interested in understanding this thoroughly. 
According to the chapter in this wiki “money creation by bank lending” you do in fact create more money in circulation with fractional reserve banking.  
But if, as you say, you have already factored the multiplier created by the fraction ratio into the total money supply (which would make sense) then the system merely places unused money in the hands of people with a use for them. In this case we should regard the total money in the society being already 1000 dollars from the beginning (rather than 100) and no one printed additional money. Then i understand your point.
I think the reason why people say the banks print money is that they typically make the lends *before* trying to cover their fractional reserve ratios. So they have a *carte blanche* to simply keep adding to the money supply without control, typically making lends for consumption, that doesn’t increase productivity of the country and thereby creating inflation and making everyone’s money worth less. It’s entirely in their control. Additionally the state can take these loans, simply to cover additional spending, again adding no productivity to the society and thereby creating inflation. Finally the tax payers will bail the banks out when things go out of hand. Leaving everyone paying not only for saving the banks, but also with more worthless money because of the additional inflation of the uncovered loans.
I get your point actually. But wouldn’t you say the above analysis is more or less correct?
@_date: 2018-04-06 21:29:42
well strictly speaking money lent for consumption doesn’t improve productivity. The money has to be paid back later, so all other things equal, the lend will simply move the same consumption from later till now. So it results in “productivity in advance”. If there is no growth, then the consumption and productivity will suffer the exact same amount later when the loan has to be paid back, equaling out this “stimulation of the economy”.
Let me hear your opinion on Friedman’s point about inflation  being a tax that is not democratically controlled?
(bear with me, i am far from being an economist of education, but i am big advocate for libertarian thinking and would love some intelligent counter arguments)
@_date: 2018-04-06 03:45:16
quote “ *When people say banks print money out of nothing, what they really mean is that they are spending other peoples savings - the law of physics means you can't print cars or houses out of thin air, but banks can spend other peoples money (savings) to pay for them instead.*”
This is simply not correct.
What fractional reserve banking means, is that banks have the license to *create* money out of the blue, up to ten times more than the reserves they have.
When banks make a 100 mio dollar loan for a new construction site, or some investment, they simply print some new money for the purpose. Not physical cash, but account money. The money never existed before the loan existed. Yet they are transferred to the guy who spends them on real things. And suddenly you have more money in the society, and thereby inflation.
The banks then earn profits on the interests and gradually “destroy” the money again as the loan is paid back. So everything adds up, but still, in the period the loan lasts, the bank has increased the amount of money and created inflation,
When things go wrong and the loan is not paid back, the inflation will remain, and the tax payers will bail out the bank.
It’s pretty extreme that this is actually allowed, and it’s something that is not really taught in schools or common knowledge. Switzerland has made fractional banking illegal several years ago.
@_date: 2018-04-06 17:30:33
There is no conspiracy here, but banks DO create money at will. 
If someone deposits 100 dollar in the bank, the net result of loaning out 90% of it will be an additional 1000 dollar in the society. Happens like this: 
Someone deposits 100 dollars in the bank. The bank loans out 90 dollars to someone else who spends it on services/goods.  The new guy who just earned the money deposits his 90 dollars in the same bank, and the bank then keeps 9 dollars and loans out 81 dollars to a third person which is spent on goods/ services. If you continue like this the bank in the end will have created loans for 1000 dollars that are all spent on real things. So they created 900 dollars out of thin air, which are added to the total money supply. When the loans are gradually paid back, the money will be removed again from money supply. IF they pay back. 
This risk is taken by everyone else in society who’s money is less worth as this inflation goes on.
