@_author: thebenbernaked
@_date: 2015-06-17 03:01:11
Awesome post!!!
Love the idea. Localbitcoins needs some competition and i have always thought there was real room to take the whole concept way past the shady backwaters of bitcoinland. If every college kid can hustle btc and make 2 extra grand a month... Bitcoin would go mainstream in short order and it would be grass roots. If u guys are really listening to the market then you're the ones that might pull it off.
How do you intend to keep scammers out?
Any special treats for market makers? I'll galdy move all my buyers to you.
Also can small guys invest ?
@_date: 2014-10-26 00:14:29
Bout time
Bitcoin needs a facelift!
Love the voice on that black lady!!!!!
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:54:38
Bitcoin has a chance but only if some major problems are solved.
1. There needs to be. A way to mobilze the btc community to rally and support a merchant who begins accepting btc. Otherwise they just stop as we have seen on coinmap etc..
Only folks trying to fix this i see so far is easybitz with their live transaction map. They need to get tons of users tho which prob means they need a wallet too.
2. We need to give more folks a reason to buy bitcoin and an easier way to get it, on the street. 
We solve these issues and we as a collective community can whoop apple. We need to think far. See the closing the circle post on easybitz, story arc makes sense.
@_date: 2014-10-26 17:05:16
I've been saying this for a while but the way this dude put it is just awesome!! Thanks , can feel the energy.
I will talk to the guys at easybitz. They have such a discount system for their retail pos built in but they don' do online. I have a pretty popular site that sells art and i also do comic cons and galleries. I use them for the in person stuff and coinbase for the net. 
Will ask them if they can whip up something aimple for online too. Just like a simple js embed ifrane with callback or a button works for me cuz my system is manual. They also have a live directory which makes sense to me. We need a way for the community to see us.
U guys shouls bug em too maybe they will offer an online mod.