@_author: thebeastrevived
@_date: 2018-01-16 21:00:06
wow a full year has gone by already - I guess you should make a complaint to the BBB about Coinbase.
@_date: 2018-01-17 21:17:08
The reason why anyone from a regular asset would consider this a bubble is because of an incorrect comparison. They are comparing apples with oranges when calling it a bubble by comparing it to either the S&amp;P 500 or blue chip stocks. Both of these don't have the volatility that bitcoin has - so calling it a bubble without taking the volatility of the underlying asset into question - is completely misguided.  
  
The volatility of the asset which in 2017 to today is between $810 and around $19100 or approximately 20x. Thus a correction to $10000 or 10x would still be considered a "fantastic year" by any blue chip standards. However, in the world of penny stocks this sort of thing can happen relatively unnoticed - with no one calling it a bubble or a correction - because it is a penny stock.  
  
Now if you take a longer look - say 5 years. and a stock grew from $25 to $10000 per share. You would consider it to be one of the greatest picks of all time. It was better return than apple, netflix, or priceline. (with the share splits btw). Do you consider apple or amazon in a bubble? The only reason you consider bitcoin a bubble is because you don't understand the innovation of it. Just as people didn't understand at first how Netflix changed the game for cable companies. People that call it a bubble are usually in the old game, so it is hard to demonstrate why it is great to them. However, the accountability and open-ness of blockchain in a financial asset - along with the community that bitcoin has created is very powerful and will demonstrate over the next five years considerable erosion of the financial sector that doesn't welcome it.
@_date: 2018-01-19 20:44:38
Imagine you are trading money to another currency - are you taxed on it?   
  
Not really. So the taxing of cryptocurrencies as assets makes no sense - and is seen by most as a money grab.  
  
However, if you are being paid in cryptocurrencies - you should just disclose the dates paid those cryptocurrencies and pay the tax on the conversion of those cryptocurrencies to your local money.   
  
Crypto-to-fait, crypto-to-crypto should not be taxed as you should be perceived as already having paid tax on that money that you are using. Crypto-to-goods/services should have the sales tax/service tax appropriated to it and individuals should report the equivalent income at the end of the year if they are over minimum to report. Maybe an additional box stating the dollar amount in cryptocurrencies in income.  
  
@_date: 2018-01-10 19:48:30


  
So this sentence obviously is the first misunderstanding. Since gold has value in electronics and as a store of value. Beanie Babies as collectors items are like most novelties and have retained value where common and increased in value with rarity as well as condition. Also, google and amazon were two of those "dot com" websites.  
  
However, I was cherrypicking my data, and I agree most dot coms were losers. But, the problem is you can't blindly say something is a winner or a loser when a paradigm shift is happening. The key is recognizing it is happening. This is just a person that doesn't think blockchain technology is a paradigm shift. There are many people in both sides of the camp of is/isn't.  
  
There is value in seeing a paradigm shift or being a first mover in a paradigm shift. Although, not always successful - some first movers maintain their position (Apple) and others do not (Netscape).  
  
Now, the biggest thought I see that seems he has been mislead - is that there is no value in bitcoin because it has no "product". Unfortunately, that is wrong. There is a product - it is more of a social project like a social network than anything else. The community or group of people that believe in it make it strong. Think of Myspace now versus Facebook. As Bitcoin is a first mover - it got to its "customer base" without much competition from altcoins. Every other coin had to compare itself to bitcoin. The other thing this community allowed it to have was the developer access it needs to address problems. Every other coin has to deal with an ever dwindling pool of customers and developers. Of course there could be some all star developer that helps make a project or two great - but eventually there will be ten or so cryptocurrencies that are the big names. My guess is that bitcoin will be in that ten just from its first mover advantage.
@_date: 2018-01-23 15:30:02
I think the price, is the price. No one knows - hence if you know what you bought, and think its cheap you buy more. If you don't know what it is or think its overvalued, you sell.
@_date: 2019-07-17 16:37:23
China has tried to 'ban' bitcoin over 10 times now. If China cannot do it in their own country, what makes your girlfriend think anyone else is capable of regulating it?
@_date: 2017-12-07 17:37:34
Diamonds have not increased in purchasing power in the passed ten years - in fact it is similar to gold. However, the relational purchasing power of a bitcoin which is arguably worth nothing in 2007 and is worth more than 10x an oz of gold today in US fiat - has increased. To argue that the relational value of increase has not happened - is both silly and false.   
  
Now if you could only exchange it for US fiat - it would not decrease the purchasing power, just because two trades need to be done for anything, rather than one - it still has an increased purchasing power.   
  
Now if you are trying to say an oz of gold bought you a good suit 50 years ago - similar to buying you a good suit today - thus has no increased purchasing power - despite the difference in US fiat from then to now, that would make more sense - if I were talking about gold. However, I am not talking about gold, I was talking about bitcoin. Someone once bought a single pizza for 10,000 btc. Today that would be a very foolish trade.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:39:40
free energy?
@_date: 2017-12-07 15:11:00
while the world revolves in fiat - bitcoin price going up in relation to it shows a direct increase in purchasing power - which most assests no matter how long you hold them for the past 10 years or so - have not increased your purchasing power.
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:04:23
They are trying to tax it - which requires a users honestly. Since they can't legally prove whom owns a bitcoin. Thus, it will be extremely difficult to regulate if you cannot prove ownership.
@_date: 2017-12-13 03:58:38
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:35:51
I am not a price predictor, a market analysis expert, or even a crypto expert. Litecoin makes more sense to me than Bitcoin Cash does. I feel there are more competent people working on Litecoin.  
  
As far as a wallet that exchanges currencies, I think Exodus does that since they are partnered with Shapeshift. As always, you should be doing your own research. There are plenty of talks between Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash people out on youtube. I made my own conclusion after watching some of them and other research.
@_date: 2017-12-01 14:00:56
Again there is actual code behind all this, thus everything can change as the code can. Difficulty adjustment already self adjusts in bitcoin depending on mining capability. If you don't understand anything about coding - this would be a massive undertaking. It is a pretty difficult project for even people who actually do know something about coding. (if you are the only one involved.) Also, there are many reasons for why the code the way it currently is, which a blind non-coder going in and changing is likely to not consider.
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:35:35
Mainly because of the proponents of bcash tend to be at odds with a large portion of the bitcoin community, over some things that are probably trivial in the long run.  
  
In turn, they forked off bcash and gave all current bitcoin holders a stake in bcash instead of just starting from the genesis block again. So people who didn't believe in the project had an unwanted stake in it. A few of these sold, a few never claimed their coins (probably a lot actually), and a few thought the project might work. However, the people that tend to advertise bcash tend to have to be the same people that have kept forking off of bitcoin before - thus they are looked at as kind of people not to be associated with or a scamcoin by the bitcoin community.  
  
Litecoin will be a part of the bitcoin community because of the atomic swap feature being implemented into both coins to swap for the other coin. It is likely neither Bitcoin nor Litecoin will do that with bcash.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:56:24
The thing is about these things is no one knows. The reason why bitcoin is raising in value over the dollar - is because more people are starting to believe in bitcoin.  
  
If everyone thinks it is stupid/not useful then the price goes down - if people think it is more useful than the dollar, or more people believe it has some use - it will go up.
@_date: 2017-12-01 13:27:53
There is actual code behind all these things - can you change it if you fork - sure. Should you? That is a different question. The biggest thing is if you fork your coin - will anyone use it? If only you use it - it has 0 value beyond yourself.
@_date: 2017-12-05 20:41:50
so are you saying you are a 13yr old who knows nothing, and I shouldn't take your advice. Got it!
@_date: 2018-05-29 16:41:03
Dogecoin helped fund the Jamaican bobsled team in the 2014 Olympics.
@_date: 2018-05-07 20:08:02
It depends on what crashes, the reason, and a lot of other things. One big problem right now is there is a large amount of debt. Debt is basically extra liquidity now for less growth/more pain later. If the debt were to be called by everywhere at once - probably everything would be subject to a fall in respective dollars (or other fiat currency, because debt collection would be deflationary in nature.)  
  
Now if there are particular areas that pop and not everything, bitcoin could be an 'uncorrelated asset' that has a lot of money trying to escape asset bubbles. Commodities/Staples would probably see a similar rise as it is usually a 'safe-haven' during those turmoil events.  
  
However, if the crash is caused by something relatively catastrophic (metor/solar flare/pole shift/yellowstone event) I doubt digital currencies would be as valued as something like medicine/food/toliet paper would be in such a scenario. Although, many "currencies" today would not be functional in such a scenario.
@_date: 2018-05-24 20:49:24
I thought you were going to say her good days are the best days you ever had, the bad days make you want to blow your brains out - but realistically you are hodling her because you can see a fantastic future with her.
@_date: 2018-05-02 19:00:56
If you go to the 30 day of the pool - looks like someone has been doing their batching midweek for the past few weeks. Hope that helps
@_date: 2018-05-07 19:29:44
I mainly bought as a non-correlated asset to anything else. I also saw the value of having money not in a bank after "bail-ins" became a thing. It started as a hedge, now it is so far the best investment i've made.
@_date: 2018-05-07 18:37:39
No this is a show - Silicon Valley. The character is an anarchist/satanist which is in charge of security/IT at a fictional company called Pied Piper. This company is going to create the internet 2.0 in theory.  
  
Cryptocurrencies in general probably go very well with this character's world view. 
@_date: 2018-05-01 18:24:36
It also depends if the gains are "realized" or not. For people who may have just never sold just bought, they have not "realized" any capital gains yet.
@_date: 2018-05-07 19:26:01
exodus.io still does not have it
@_date: 2018-05-02 17:03:30
You have to understand who you are talking about. This person - his whole life dollars were applicable. Fiat currencies were applicable; that may not be many of our lifetimes.   
  
When he was young, the internet was not around. How can he really understand anything created basically "on the internet"?  
  
To put it another way, my grandmother saw the first TV come out. How could she understand that streaming (Netflix) was going to slowly kill television?  
@_date: 2019-03-28 16:46:49
Not your keys = Not your coins.
@_date: 2019-03-15 18:12:33
You are also missing part of the equation - rise in GDP/production of a country/region.  
  
Imagine if the entire Euro-zone raised their productive output or GDP in this case by about 3% from last year. Say your measurement is accurate and you see a price inflation of your basket of goods of about 2%. Yet somewhere you are missing your 0.5% you expected from your increase in monetary inflation/expansion.  
  
Well, just remember that 0.5% could materialize or could not. It depends on how the monetary inflation was executed (because it was not just a money drop to society as a whole). Some people (read: corporations/banks/government entities) got more of that expanded supply and some didn't get any (homeless/average joe). If that monetary expansion is traded or spent by those that received it, or has any velocity is also important. (Because if you double your monetary supply, it does not matter if the extra money is never used in the market you inject it into.) Also, at the time of measurement, (yearly) if the complete effect of a monetary expansion (or subtraction) is felt in price inflation (or deflation).  
  
I hope all of that makes sense.
@_date: 2019-11-19 19:37:43
just curious which one of you is johnnyboi and which one of you is realtione?
@_date: 2017-08-15 13:24:40
There will always be "speculators" in free market trading of anything. There are people that say the S&amp;P500 cannot be stopped. There are people that will pimp out their latest penny stock. Also there are precious metals speculators that know nothing of precious metals.  
  
IMO, more exposure is better. However, most people do not understand bitcoin. I can't call up any financial adviser and ask them questions about bitcoin. To me that would be a necessary first indicator that we are finally having mass exposure. The time I think we are in a bubble, is when any of my older relatives talk about investing or moving some investment into bitcoin. I don't even think the average tech savvy person is exposed to bitcoin yet - although we are getting closer to that.  
  
So to answer your question - it doesn't matter at all to me or most people probably in this sub about speculators. Just as it wouldn't in a reddit sub about any other investment type. If you believe in the investment - it is a sound investment - idiots that don't understand what they are investing in, are just background noise.
@_date: 2017-08-11 16:37:32
In a way the IRS for the US has already submitted a way to treat virtual currencies - and that is as property. The document can be located [here.](  
  
Now, if you are talking about additional regulation - such as the current weird border laws that are popping up - where the US Congress is talking about seizing property - the answer is simple - don't have an app linked to any cryptos on your phone.   
  
From the adoption - you have to understand that many people using cryptocurrencies are using them as a way to fight regulation/centralization and make currency manipulation not something a centralized authority can use. Now, in the short term - it will scare away people that don't understand what they are investing in - but others might view that as a dip to buy.  
  
On the long term, I view the blockchain as a slow rolling storm - coming to give transparency to all money. The free market will determine if it is a cryptocurrency or something else built instead. A lot of individuals who are pretty smart - think bitcoin may become a universal currency. It doesn't need to be universal - it just needs adoption by one or two countries to reach astronomical prices in terms of today.
@_date: 2018-10-08 18:09:25
1) Hearing things, does not make them true. But you could probably find out this information relatively easily by stepping through the blockchain and following the public transactions. The information is pretty much literally all right there in the blockchain. Amazing how transparent that is.  
  
2) Now if that is true, we take some huge wallets (think of any exchange) and of course they have a huge holding in comparison to some others. However, that is just some people choosing on giving up their decentralized ability to a central authority for convenience (of moving their bitcoin).   
  
Now, how is it 'truly' decentralized? Well the fact that it will keep going if these big players get shut down is a pretty "decentralized" thing. Decentralization does not mean price discovery. In fact, it has nothing to do with price. It has to do with the resiliance of the thing. If a bank loses its server with all its accounting records, the bank declares bankruptcy and everyone loses their money. In bitcoin, if coinbase lost their ability to control their main wallet for some reason - the coins are still in that wallet and you, me, and a few million other people have a copy of who has what; including how many coins are in that coinbase wallet. No one person/wallet being shut down affects the ability of the rest.  
    
Understand the technology, young padawan, for it has the ability to set you free.  
  
PS .1% of people control over 50% of wealth today - even if what you said was true, it is still a better curve.
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:57:47
I put in a little at 4200, but my previous investments were 1000 (the first time) 1200, 2200, and 3200
@_date: 2017-08-31 16:55:24
so this keepkey is 20 PB? So it is bigger than any hard drive in existence.. got it.
@_date: 2017-08-18 13:29:26
The main reason - is that no fiat currency system has ever lasted. In fact, all of fiat systems go to 0 eventually. In history this has mostly because of currency debasing (aka inflation).   
  
This is why things that have a consistent or near finite value seem to be better forms of "money". It is because they are harder to debase. Inflationary currencies tend to only work when the population itself is increasing at a greater rate. Once it stops doing that, the "savers" tend to be losing money if they are saving. The "spenders" tend to start putting their money in other stores of value such as materials or assets - as they don't debase as often as the fiat currency itself.
@_date: 2017-08-15 19:52:44
post-scarcity so that all money is valueless
@_date: 2017-08-17 14:56:56
when you start hearing people claim their networth in bits
@_date: 2018-06-28 20:34:48
When I invested?   It was probably something between 1%-2% of my net worth (I am pretty poor).  
  
Now? It is probably around 10%. It is definitely my best rate of return so far.
@_date: 2019-02-25 17:36:38
Your own article states bitcoin creates monetary inflation in the first sentence. Just because it is predictable, does not mean there is none.
@_date: 2019-06-24 17:54:18


I have personally never used something like this, because I am afraid of them getting hacked and someone having my password to everything. How do you account for something like that, or how do they account for it?
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:33:58
Just fyi humanity is supposed to level off around 10 billion growth=death.
@_date: 2017-11-20 18:58:34
Depends on what your goals are:  
  
If your goal is life quality over all - go with the fun job. Sure you won't have many bits - but you will be fine with what little you have, because having a fun job is like having no job at all.  
  
If your goal is financial freedom - you make all sorts of sacrifices to try and get there - often being more money for crappier jobs. You also probably leave friends because you move, and maybe even a family. I have made many sacrifices for financial freedom - and I can tell you, sometimes I do long for my funner crappier jobs I used to have.   
  
Note: I am still not financially free, but the pay off will be I plan to be about 10-20 years earlier than current retirement age.
@_date: 2019-06-20 16:24:58
This was from February, which a few people were calling for lower lows not just Tyler. He does not recommend it, your clip he says. "I would say, I would rather have 3 times more bitcoin at 1k. ... You are not in that position." Also he says, 'don't do anything you aren't sure of'. He does not recommend anything. He states what he would do. If he did it, I am not sure, because he said lots of clients of his had gotten out at other values. He might have also gotten out earlier. If you thought he said he recommended anything (besides his webinar) he did not.
@_date: 2019-06-10 20:29:15
Actually we do see banks paying, in the form of lawsuits and guarantee of funds. Something which bitcoin does not have as it relies on the end user to be aware of the security implications.  
  
One advantage of giving it to a party to store is that they are responsible for your assets you store with them. Bitcoin has higher volatility but it also has higher risk associated with it. Banks are a pretty 'safe' bet even though some of them have gotten robbed before.   
  
Btw Bitcoin suffers from the same security breaches you are discussing about central access, because most cryptocurrency tokens go through exchanges at one point of life or another. Mt Gox is perfect example.   
  
Also do you really think places like Wells Fargo and JPMorgan, don't have their own security teams focused on the security and reliability of their data? Do you think they are not paid well? Or something else? I am a little confused as to what you are attempting to convey with your last point.
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:18:19
A newer technology makes bitcoin/blockchain obsolete with either speed/privacy/reliability/ease of use. If it has all of those, bitcoin will be like owning a tape real in an age of usb/SSD storage.
@_date: 2019-06-19 16:14:16
Make Libra the on-ramp to crypto for the average user.
@_date: 2017-11-01 17:28:15
I think the moon is farther. Lets say the moon is about 384,000 km from earth. The earth has a radius of about 4,000 km. So 380,000 km to go.  
  
The average person is about 1.5 m or .0015 km tall. To get set person to the moon - you need to send them 250 million times the original length (of a person). so if the first bitcoin was worth $0.01 - the moon would be $2.5 million per bitcoin. That is if we are using a human as the point of reference. To give you a reference of where we are today in relation of the moon - we are about 950 km from where we launched. In retrospect, this would be low earth orbit still. The international space station operates in low earth orbit.
Edit: changed 850 km to 950 because of a typo.
@_date: 2019-06-10 17:23:41
having centralization is a security advantage in certain cases such as possible points of attack. With a decentralized ledger potentially every version of that information could come up with a point of attack.   
  
Think of it this way. It is really hard to storm one well defended fortress that protects itself from anyone it does not know. It is not that hard to go to into any town that does not protect itself because it views itself as 'safe'.
@_date: 2019-06-11 13:22:05
All of that matters, how do you think that Bitcoin got decentralized? If something comes along that is faster, safer, and easier to use, Bitcoin will go the way of the typewritter as being a useful technology of its time but not of the future.
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:51:09
or they ignore you, watch as B2X has only you and whomever you get to believe you (probably a relatively low number of people) to either mine it or use it. Without people using it - people still use the old bitcoin and look at your project as a novelty and proof of bitcoin's resilience.  
  
They then wait until the difficulty readjusts after you do your fork, sure some panic sell, and sure the price drops. But there isn't mass adoption of your coin - and bitcoin goes along without you to new highs with more adoption than your coin.
@_date: 2019-06-11 13:18:14
if you think the only 'smart' or 'good' developers are working on crypto, you are probably pretty naive. Decentralization like anything has its pros and cons, which any 'good' developer or engineer would tell you. It is not some golden ticket that everyone believe is great. In fact a lot of people disagreed with segwit as opposed to block size.   
  
While I think there are some good developers in bitcoin, they are definitely not all good. Even I could contribute code if I wanted to, hence being open source. Also, if you don't think 'good' coders are coding for extreme amounts of money elsewhere in the world, again you are probably pretty naive. Top talent is probably in security, AI, and quantum computing would be my guess. With open source things, you get passionate people, but passion does not tend to correlate with skill. There are a few skilled crypto programmers, but the majority of them are not. Again, even I could be a crypto programmer, you as well.   
  
As far as creating money today, you would probably get something closer to a digital IMF 'stablecoin' than Bitcoin. Bitcoin was a thought-child of those disenfranchised through recession, where as today there is more exuberance for the current system. Again blockchain is the technology, and it is not only a financial technology. Bitcoin is just an application of blockchain in a financial setting. It could easily be used for resource management and logistics as well.
@_date: 2017-11-02 18:28:23
When I invested - it was probably 1% or so each time. Currently, bitcoin makes up probably about 10% of my wealth.
@_date: 2017-11-16 18:09:18
if Bitcoin holders win - they probably wont sell their bitcoin - thus anyone hoping to get in at a lower value would lose. Also, anyone whom is staying in another currency - if bitcoin price went up would "lose" purchasing power in comparison to being in bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:26:57
Rule number 1 of investing: Don't invest more than you can afford to lose.  
  
So this is likely a bug in the software of GDAX/Coinbase - as when you put in 9500, is says "short" below this number. It just happened to come online and find out that number was a lot lower than that number, or some other weird bug in the software from being down.  
  
However, bitcoin is unregulated. In the real stock world - you have companies/US regulations that would say what you experienced is unfair - and did something not what you intended. They would probably only give back the money before the trade occurred or something similar, whatever costs them the least amount of money.  
  
The regulated trading platforms do not have to reimburse you for the opportunity loss on the trade. Neither does GDAX/Coinbase. Be glad you only "lost" a relatively small amount. Also, if there is black and white writing anywhere on their website - on exactly what would happen (in software terms) if you "shorted" you would not be entitled to anything either.
@_date: 2019-04-17 16:24:35
1) What makes it not a scam like many other coins?  
2) What does it think it does better than bitcoin/etherium?  
3) What is KuCoin attempting to solve that is different?  
4) How is being blockchain/decentralization an advantage in solving that?
@_date: 2019-04-02 19:57:29
People might just think of it as a savings account. I would go to 40 years at least.
@_date: 2017-11-30 20:59:55
the OP cannot bring a class - by agreeing the to user agreement. as can anyone whom uses coinbase. They signed only arbitration on an individual basis through GDAX.
  
[User Agreement](  
  
The problem is the OP admitted it was a sell and a GTC. The OP probably meant to do a stop loss, IOC, or something different (or expected the GTC order to be filled and GDAX to not go down, come up, then execute his trade wherever it happened to be at the time.)
@_date: 2019-04-09 15:04:39
It depends on the size of wallets.dat files. 15 years is a long time for data reliability. Most big companies use HDDs for any data over a 10 year lifetime over SSDs and USBs. Length of time as well as data reliability are critical here. Most SSDs and USBs do not have a lifetime guarantee much longer than 5 years. Writing your keys to a physical media such as a steel slate/CD/Blueray is much better in the long term. Your biggest problem is usually reading that in 15 years. If you wanted to keep the data on a server or something - I would probably back it up with a RAID array. At the size you are talking about, it is probably pretty much nothing expense wise.  
  
To me, just put your private keys somewhere on something durable - plastic/metal and put in your keys on a new wallet in 15 years. If you are REALLY worried about losing them, you can backup wallet.dat on an external HDD. Just make sure its on a pretty widely used format. Nothing would we worse than not being able to read it in 15 years if you needed it.
@_date: 2019-04-08 20:20:16
Please specify what you mean as 'better', and I will address it as best I can.
@_date: 2018-11-30 18:28:04
There are probably three things stopping wallets from supporting lightning:  
  
1) Politics: The old idea that moving too fast doesn't make you agile, it makes you stupid. "Look before you leap."  
  
2) Development time: To make any significant code change (that all developers believe is good and in best interest of the company) usually costs about twelve months. Figure that into the first point and usually development time is two years from release.  
  
3) Scheduling: While some things are important, wallets aren't just supporting bitcoin. They are also doing wallet features, and some might do other assets. Arguably, anyone that does segwit/lightning should also support litecoin as an asset because of the atomic interchangeability. That might require further support/evaluation/scheduling in their release schedule.  
  
4) Expertise: Blockchain development is a hot item right now, many companies looking for developers. There could be some problems with just having the right people to do the development.  
   
My guess most wallets will have a feature around 1.5 - 3 years after the feature is released. This might become more competitive with wallets that charge some fee, but free wallets probably have a development disadvantage.
@_date: 2018-11-30 18:11:25
@_date: 2018-03-20 18:29:25
It is a quick video, but not that surprising to me. If you take the time to look the idea of people that supported Bitcoin Unlimited you will find a lot of similarities to other communities that have forked off Bitcoin. If you look at those whom supported it fully, you will get a few names come up that seem to come up with other more recent forks of Bitcoin. While this content may be useful to those whom have no idea to the history, there are other avenues that one could figure out the narrative.  
  
I am not trying to dissuade you from pursuing this type of information, I just am letting you know it is not discovery of information for some us (even though it might have been for you). Something that may be similarly as valuable is following supportive entities of each bitcoin fork for 3 months after the fork, and compiling a list of all forks and primary proponents.
@_date: 2019-01-28 19:12:22
You need to ask for a 25% premium just for your risk probably.
@_date: 2019-01-28 20:27:54
I am guessing anything grey is 'no data' as is with most of these types of maps.
@_date: 2019-01-29 17:41:28
buying - local bitcoin atm;  
  
selling - probably local bitcoins (depends if you life in a place with lots of people)
@_date: 2017-09-27 15:15:53
You always have some people who own a "large amount" of the money supply. The difference is, they didn't lie/cheat/scam/steal/murder to get there. They just recognized a new technology or invested some time/energy in it before everyone else. They are basically the reason everyone else became interested in it. This could be creators or those whom just stumbled into the project early.   
  
This is not a "problem" but a redistribution of wealth to those whom took a risk on an unproven technology. It is a good thing - not a bad one.
@_date: 2017-09-01 13:00:24
mainly because we used debt and printing money to recover from the last one. Thus, we need to go into about double the amount of debt/print double the amount of money to "try" and get out of the next one. Unfortunately, last time they printed about x8 amount of the money. At some point, kicking the can down the road by using this method, does not work. About 1/4 of economic people think the next crash will be worse than 1929.
@_date: 2017-09-06 14:39:04


  
Bitcoin's hash power before the fork was a little under 8 Exahashes per second 7.7-7.8 depending on who you ask. if you average the low and high times of the past 24 hours it was a little above 8, around 8.10-8.25 depending on again who you ask. Thus, I argue that the BCC/BCH fork has little to no affect on bitcoin. Again your argument could have been the same for Bitcoin Unlimited "because it didn't die." However, the throughput is nearly the same of bitcoin (actually some increase because people see the resiliency of it). Also, it is 21 million coins, please stop combining the BCC/BCH and Bitcoin fork. They are two separate coins each chasing approximately the 5 million coins left in their respective chains. However, they are not the same.  
  


  
This is very irrational and silly. In many ways, bitcoin is as strong as it has ever been. It survived a fork that gave a stake to all current holders of the crypto - in the new crypto. Almost doubled in value since the fork, and has increased its throughput. I don't see BCH/BCC as anything but another attempt at Bitcoin Unlimited. Again you have no explained your "strict monetary policy" which makes me think you do not even know what it is.  
  
So for the terms of education - bitcoin is still only chasing the same 21 million coins it has always been. BCC/BCH is now chasing its own 21 million. Where the hashpower is coming from is pure speculation - it could be coming from Bitcoin Unlimited, Eth, Dash, who knows, so we cannot just blindly say it came from Bitcoin - although I'm sure there are a few whom may have switched. This fork was a result of a difference of opinion in the bitcoin community.  
  
However, in crypto - any coin can hard fork or any part of a community can hard fork into a new alt coin pretty much at any time they want. If you don't like that, I agree - stay out of crypto. They could make it exactly the same, or they could make changes like BCC/BCH did. Since it has only been a little over a month, you probably should give it more time before saying it is "successful" or not. If they last a year, we can call it "successful". Keep in mind Bitcoin Unlimited is still around - so they were "successful" as a fork. However, Bitcoin is still the most valued crypto and Bitcoin Unlimited isn't even in the top 10.  
  


  
Just a couple points to add here - you don't need to kill something for it to be irrelevant. Also, Eth has had a fork - which is why you have Eth and Eth Classic. In that case, the Eth was the fork from Eth Classic and Eth is more accepted today than Eth Classic. Both allow smart contracts (Bitcoin plans to as well btw), so the value proposition isn't as unique as you make it out to be. Also, if you are looking at cryptos as purely a "value" play - you might be better off in the precious metals market. It isn't strictly about value, but the idea of transparency, the first really decentralized way of taking back currency powers from people whom try to make slaves of others through monetary instruments. This is more than a currency, it is an idea created and fostered by minds that want to make it better for the future. It is in many cryptos, but bare in mind, this community was the original match to start the fire.
@_date: 2017-09-05 19:28:39
1) Your "sell" was probably a mistake, since you could have had at least both coins after August 1st to "sell."  
  
2) If you believe in a free market - the price is always right, it is just getting more adoption. If you are looking for price stability, you are looking at a relatively new technology and space. Thus, stability is probably not something here.  
  
3) If you like big blocks you can still buy BCH/BCC, but many people have doubts that this fork is going to be any different than Bitcoin Unlimited. That is because most of the hashpower and price seems to be sticking with bitcoin. Feel free to read up all the differences and make your own choice.  
  
4) When you say "strict monetary policy" you do not elaborate on what you mean. Are you talking about BCH/BCC fork doing something - because there have been many forks before. Are you talking about Segwit? It seems like you do not know what you have invested in - or the purpose of it. From a monetary policy position, bitcoin has not changed. There will still be only 21 million coins until around 2140, unless a code change goes in.
@_date: 2018-03-19 18:03:06
So the thing about money is, the only reason it has value is because people believe it does. If people stopped believing bitcoin had value for any reason, yes it could crash to $100. Or, if the US government decided to restore the value of its currency by destroying large quantities of it (thus decreasing the supply) you could see $100 bitcoin. While both of these events may be unlikely, neither is an impossibility. Also, if you try to guess the price ever, you are usually wrong on the price or the timing, and usually both.  
  
The problem is that a lot of technical people right now don't see the value in bitcoin, and a very small fraction of people in comparison understand it well enough to say this looks to be something valuable. Also a lot of the people saying Bitcoin will crash might also have a stake in it crashing. (If you own only fiat currency/credit it may be beneficial to not have alternative currency)  
  
Saying all that, the run up in Nov-Dec 2017 was pretty massive. If you look at it on a year to year, it was like over 20x on highs (which is pretty crazy). To me anywhere 3k/4k and above is within reason and still an upward slope over a year ago. Where as $100 seems like dreaming because of the 2015 consolidation period was around $250. 
@_date: 2017-09-22 17:35:22
Most api's will show you how to buy.  
  
1) Buy once through api.  
2) Create delay for every interval between buys (24 hours maybe)  
3) Lower buy to acceptable amount (or dynamically alter how much you want to buy on next loop)  
4) Put loop around everything that runs while true.  
5) Enjoy your infinite buying machine.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:15:40
Also the fact that you have bluetooth tethering enabled - makes you significantly easier to hack if anyone wanted to. They could just use the tether protocol - emulate anything you tether to, and have free roam of your phone.
@_date: 2017-10-18 13:45:27
1) I use an [air-gap malware]( to install a keylogger on your device.  
  
2) After attaining data for a significantly long period of time (in this case probably a month is sufficient) I again use an air-gap malware to remove the application from your phone.  
  
3) I have the malware send me updates through sms as to when the application is reinstalled and look through the keylogger for 12 seemingly random words with either space, tab, or enter between them.  
  
The only issue would be finding out who you are, but with an IP site and your reddit user name - it probably wouldn't be difficult.
@_date: 2017-10-25 17:22:25
The Black Swan event will just see a redistribution of the wealth, anyone planning on it is already in "cash". Take for instance Warren Buffet - I think he is 15-20% in cash. The Black Swan event will lead to a crash and deals - that's why people want to be in cash before it occurs. People trying to retain their wealth on the way down will invest in things like commodities (gold/silver/oil/toliet paper). Milennials and younger just treat Bitcoin as another commodity. However, from a market standpoint, gold/silver/crypto should be the top three percentages for diversification, unless you get out in cash and are waiting for the floor of an asset to buy back in.
@_date: 2017-10-18 20:32:20
Mycelium is just data that needs decryption like any other service. However, by having it on your phone, I don't need to know anything about it. You log into it for me - unwittingly, and I have everything I need to send the coins to a different account. Your technical background seems inadaqate for what you are discussing.  
  
Also, not caring who you "piss off" is idiotic by any criteria. There is always someone better/more motivated/smarter that will take your coins. The best Mycelium could do is have signatures for its own firmware - but it won't monitor the Android OS - which is where the point of entry I was discussing is. Mycelium "deep cold storage" should scare you, just as Google's inbuilt cloud backup. That means anyone with access to where their cloud storage is stored, and knows your key through that keylogger - can access your account.  
  
Again, you seem out of your element, which is why most people have stopped of their own course speaking to you. The only reason I still am, is because you have made yourself a target - and I am proposing, off the top of my head, of what I would do if you had any amount that I considered worth the effort.
@_date: 2017-10-20 18:02:32
Well since 8 months ago you asked if Mycelium is a good wallet for your brand new andriod phone - I won't take much stock into your technical expertise on going to your favorite "dark market site." However, if you did somehow get to someone like that, they would probably not deal with you, as you don't even have the qualification for most entry level job in current society. However, it is good to know you at least have some coding knowledge, although limited.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:12:23
That technology works for anything with a microphone - which you need in your phone to be able to talk. Nice try thinking you have beat the system. The malware is uploaded by an inaudible frequency through speakers of one device to the microphone to another device. It could even work with a webcam that has a built in microphone. The only issue is usually proximity. However, that usually isn't a problem if you know your target. Could probably be done in a coffee shop even.
@_date: 2017-10-18 19:48:59
It isn't a tin foil hat - it is called experience with you know.. technology. It is obvious you do not work in technology, because all you are doing is denying everything I say with basically, "I don't want to believe that, because if that was true I should have known about it already."   
  
I gave you a link that talks about air-gap malware and how it is used. If you think your phone is exempt because you know - it doesn't use a microphone or speakers - then feel free to believe that. It does not mean it is exempt though. Truly, if someone cared enough to hack your phone - it be easy enough to for someone with the know-how.   
  
Btw you are welcome for the free education that you are not special. The best way to not become a target - is to not advertise yourself like this, it is to blend into the crowd and hope you haven't pissed the wrong person off. A phone (any phone) is pretty much one of the worst places from a security point of view to hold anything of importance. 
@_date: 2018-02-08 17:01:54
if someone told.. lets say China.. that there is another currency that their people hold that they cannot control. They can't just print more of, they can't seize it like gold or a bank account. Wouldn't that make a country that doesn't believe in personal freedom, nervous?
@_date: 2017-10-12 14:47:35


@_date: 2017-10-20 15:06:26
Lets take your "deep cold storage" scenario - which you negate by having it on an application on a phone - since it has LTE/3G access - it has access to the internet (or hardware able to) once it touches the internet - in any case, it is no longer "deep cold".  
  
Now lets take your "cold storage" scenario - which basically just means you are entering your private keys at some point on your phone/computer/device. Thus, you are vulnerable to attack at the point when you enter them.  
  
So this is going be pretty long - because I actually took a day to think about a few options I would have, if your information was valuable to me.  
  
The easiest and probably most remote way would be to simply bribe your service provider to network into your phone when you are connecting to do whatever transaction you want to do. Depending upon the worth of the information, pretty sure the operator at one end would look the other way for even a 2k-5k payday for an hour or two.  
  
The second way would be to target you personally and use the air-gap malware attack to get your private keys/ or just reroute the destination to my personal account for any send command.  
  
The third would be to steal your phone during a transaction. This is kind of brute force and lacks any tact - but could be done, especially with a few swaps between people to lose any potential followers. This would need to be combined with a notification system for when you were logging in.  
  
The fourth would be a swap - after you have ever logged in. This would has the potential to not pay off, if you move your coins as soon as you log in, but significantly less risk then option 3. You would use air gap malware in this just to remember the 12 words or something similar. (only record when app is opened). After the swap of the phones, just gather the 12 words and access to the coins.  
  
The fifth would be to bribe a Mycelium developer for a targeted attack on you specifically. Basically the developer knows where those words are stored or used in the their app software - so bring one on board with the heist. Combine with any other options for ease.  
  
Option six is to just kidnap you and torture you until reveal the right combination. This is not the cleanest, but if you have vast resources - and or 4 bitcoins is worth more than 50k at any time, I wouldn't be surprised.  
  
Option seven I just thought about while writing the last paragraph. Any internet website logged into from your phone - could be used as a reverse tunneling mechanism for some malware.
Again, you revealed yourself as a target - I am sure there is some software that can reveal the IP of your username. They can get a city/town location from that. Maybe even an address if they find out the ISP. Unfortunately, thats how IPs work, unless you use Tor or a VPN - and have every time you have logged into reddit. But with a title like this, you are probably not. If you decided to use your phone to look at the internet - you would be giving almost exact GPS coordinates while you were logged on. Again, my apologies for the length.
@_date: 2018-07-24 13:54:27
Its never too late, it might just be less of an opportunity.
@_date: 2018-07-24 13:52:51
I mean we are attempting to mars in what 4 years or so? So there is that to look forward to.  
  
We have actual rockets that are being reused now.. and land themselves.. that is pretty cool.  
  
Cryptocurrencies is cool for a different reason, and the reason is it has a sense of freedom from manipulation and control through debt associated with the current fiat system.
@_date: 2017-10-18 16:59:54
Unfortunately for you, the world doesn't work just how you believe it does. Embedded systems(such as your phone) have something called an operating system. An operating system is the basic thing required for all computers and is responsible for when all hardware devices are connected or not connected through what is called a driver.  
  
Now most smart operating systems recognize when things are attached and give you a prompt (like windows does when you are installing a new graphics card). However, embedded systems are different, in that they have every piece of hardware "installed" that they expect to have installed throughout its lifetime. Except of course when connecting it to another computer. So for your microphone being connected and disabled hardware wise whenever you aren't using it - yeah.. not so much. Because that would take extra things like power to do, a device that is trying to extend its battery wherever it can - will not do that. Unless you have a custom OS that does that - which I think only an embedded systems specialist with knowledge of VHDL/Verilog and C/C++ would be able to do.   
  
So now that you know your microphone driver is connected all the time - how do you know when an app is using it verses not using it. There are some apps that tell you permissions and things like that which do help from the software side - but the embedded OS ultimately controls when it is enabled - which is pretty much always if you have a phone that is under say $100. If you are using the basic Android phone or iOS it is on all the time period. The processor basically ignores those signals until one of the apps/approved services wants to use it. However, it be really easy to just hijack one of those "approved services" during their time and create my own service that runs every so often. I could probably even do it through the air-gap malaware.   
  
In case you didn't read the article - they successfully did it up to 65 feet - which I am assuming is in laboratory settings - but still impressive.
@_date: 2018-07-03 16:53:26
Sorry I was unable to find your argument; maybe you forgot to include links unlike the person above you.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:10:53
This article does not say they can control crypto - it says that the Fed believes that crypto has a place in the money supply - and that banks should have some in stores. It basically endorses crypto as a form of money that alleviates some pain involved with other forms of currency. It does believe crypto has some maturing to do, but basically thinks that it has a role in the bucket of reserve currencies - maybe even as a part of the SDR (speaking specifically to Bitcoin in this case - for now).
@_date: 2018-04-10 13:35:03
In reality Roger Ver has done a lot of good for bitcoin too. He advertised using his own money for bitcoin. He was just as "deluded" at one point totally for bitcoin.  
 
  
However the fork of the people who believed in the bigger block ideology was something he very much believed in. Unfortunately, they were in the minority which is why bitcoin cash is being removed from exchanges for low liquidity. It is really sad for Roger Ver because he is losing a lot of wealth if he had moved the majority of his position to bitcoin cash. Although I'm sure he still has some bitcoin as a hedge.
@_date: 2018-04-12 16:25:34
This is new technology - give them a year or so of beta and then re-show it. At least it fails gracefully - aka I still know I have my money.
@_date: 2018-04-06 13:47:25
Increase your input volume.
@_date: 2017-07-10 15:39:43
Social media integration of sending coins. Imagine if I could click a button and send a little bitcoin to my mother if she needs some through facebook, or any other little app without her having to do anything. Imagine if also if she doesnt have a bitcoin wallet it is just deposited into fiat on her paypal account. That.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:02:38


  
I would never disclose how much you have to anyone. Imagine someone who uses reddit in 2020 when John McAfee imagines it being worth $1 mil. If it is worth that, you just basically became a target here. We are just trying to look after people's safety when we say stuff like that. I would remove this post if it gets much more than 50k, never know with strangers. :)
@_date: 2019-05-21 18:41:01
No one wants to disclose the amount of bitcoin they have - I would lose the first question.
@_date: 2019-05-28 16:36:39
If you are really concerned about fees - just use lightning
@_date: 2019-05-15 21:19:15
Lets talk about a block - in the digital word this means a set of bytes. So basically a block is just a container of information represented by numbers that computers understand.  So think of a box where you put your important files - like a important file box. That is the block.  
  
The chain is kind of how we sort our boxes. So imagine we have a lot of these important file boxes. Each one contains one file or paper that says which box is the next box in the chain and the previous box in the chain. Each box also contains a file that says what files have changes since the last box. Remember box = block. With these two important files. I could start anywhere in the chain of boxes (read: blocks) and then figure out the next box and the previous box. I would also know what changed since the last box.   
  
That way the blockchain/boxchain cumulatively is a history of everything that happened.
@_date: 2019-05-13 17:11:32
by realizing you only bought as much as you could afford to lose
@_date: 2019-05-10 12:55:12
But in the case of a fork the 51% would retain the name of "Bitcoin" because their chain would be further along and thus would have successfully implemented their version of Bitcoin to the primary chain. The 49% would need to rename to something else. Thus the change would be implemented.  
  
In my previous example, I assume that the 49% realize they have lost the argument and continue on the same chain. I apologize if that was not clear.
@_date: 2019-05-20 18:35:51
I would not. I would spend probably 1/8 on bitcoin based on current allocation.
@_date: 2019-05-15 14:08:48
Unfortunately the likelihood of them knowing the 24 words without the order is nearly 0. However, it would just be 24! combinations. The average decent processor today can do about 10 billion operations a second using an intel i7 9700. The average decent GPU is about 2x-3x that amount. Those numbers double around every year. So the question isn't right now a question of how long, but when it is likely someone does. My estimation is it feasible in about 15 years and likely in 25 years along current path of development baring any major breakthrough in computational power. Shorter if there is a major breakthrough that becomes mainstream before 25 years.
@_date: 2017-06-15 13:58:21
Yesterday the FED raised interest rates for the USD. Since bitcoins do not make interest - they lose value against the dollar whenever there is an interest rate hike. Also, if there are mainly computer algorithms they sell after a certain percentage loss. If there are people that are in the bitcoin market that shouldn't be - they will also probably sell.
@_date: 2019-05-09 14:22:30
A vote to make more than 21 million - which 51% or more have to agree to. An agreed to inflation of the currency. However, the majority of stake-holders today are in crypto because it is naturally deflationary. So very unlikely.