@_author: thebtcdelusion
@_date: 2014-04-09 06:40:57
As a small time merchant I was actually looking into accepting Bitcoin, so long as I could convert it immediately to fiat.
Unfortunately, for the country I am in, Bitpay is far too great a risk for the amount of money that is held before it is sent to me.
But even if I was in the US, I would still have to pay fees. Now, these fees might work out to be smaller than PayPal right now, but what about in the future if Bitpay gets big? Do you think they're not going to take advantage of that?
I was also much more recently looking at accepting Bitcoin itself, since I know people who regularly trade it and it would be a win-win situation since we would both avoid exchange fees and such.
However what I found is that escrow is often required, and that itself costs ~1-2%, plus the BTC transaction fee.
I dismissed that idea when I realized that the price is so volatile that I can't sell it fast enough BTW. That's how bad the volatility is - I can't even hold on to BTC for a day or two, since the price can swing 10-20% in that time.
Edit: I didn't downvote you btw
@_date: 2014-04-09 07:14:31
I was actually thinking about this a day or two ago..
I think that this most recent bubble is actually quite different from the one in 2011, and I think this one is just a prolonged extension of the one in early 2013 rather than seperate.
In this most recent bubble, I think the market for potential buyers has been saturated. If Bitcoin were somehow actually able to provide pseudononymous, unregulated and feeless services, then obviously that potential market would grow to be bigger.
As it stands however, Bitcoin 'infrastructure' is actually falling apart (I.e. Mtgox, Neo&amp;Bee, Bit coin Foundation). I personally believe it is falling apart because of fundamental problems with Bitcoin itself from the start - reasons why I have not invested in Bitcoin since discovering it in late 2010.
The 2011 bubble however was not in my view a saturation of the potential market. Mtgox was the only major exchange at the time, and seeing it getting hacked was the nail in the coffin for an already distrusted idea at that time.
You see, you have to keep in mind that at that time Bitcoin wasn't so much a get rich quick scheme as so much a genuine enterprize. Making money just followed on from believing in Bitcoin itself. Everything rested on the credibility of Bitcoin itself, and not on the price as it is today. In the 2011 case, credibility was regained - but it a further took two years or so - quite a different case from market saturation stemming from a speculative rush.
@_date: 2014-04-09 06:58:05
What do you mean by 'programmable transactions' exactly?
Bitcoin is obviously useful when it comes to online gambling, however the exchanges stand in the way of this. Its not only difficult to get money in or out of Bitcoin, but BTC is also highly volatile which means youre making gamble within a gamble when you bet with BTC.
Im very cynical of the idea that porn companies accepting payment in Bitcoin is a big development. I mean, who actually pays for it? Most Bitcoin users are tech-savvy, I don't see many Bitcoin users paying for pornography.