@_author: thebostik
@_date: 2014-10-12 15:09:15
Was BSing Bitcoin ideas with friends the other day and we thought about this almost to the detail. OpenWRT compatible routers are extremely cheap in bulk on Alibaba, and the modification would be simple. Totally bootstrappable. The final hurdle would be to figure out a way to do a handshake and pass over to WPA2 security, and/or Tor; I don't think many people who can confidently use Bitcoin would pay for a hotspot that isn't secured.
@_date: 2014-06-26 19:36:57
Exactly what I was thinking, getting more frustrated as I had to scroll further to find this. $1
@_date: 2017-10-01 20:17:03
I think this is a pretty well reasoned response and appreciate the time you spent. Still to me, it seems like you're putting a lot of weight of your rebuttal  into there being two user bases. 


But who wants to use bch, which is very clearly a separate altcoin with only fringe support? The arguments made about this being a 3 1/2+ year social issue are still as true as ever, as evidenced by the dozens of reactionary posts hitting the front page. And it was not even a surprise this fight would continue when 2x as proposed didn't couple the upgrades and immediately posts here came out in favor of taking only segwit. 
I am just a normal btc user who welcomes finishing the 2x agreement and seeing another doubling on the main chain while we can. We should all assume either way that the next one will take another 4 years and suck just as much.
And as a moderate in the debate (like in the real world) I just don't really feel passionate enough to talk about my middle of the road opinions here all the time. And in fact I find all the users complaining to be incredibly distracting (i.e., front page sucks). It would make this way easier if there were a way for users to vote in transactions instead of leaving it only up to miners. Letting businesses act on our behalf is only marginally better than letting the Fed do it. At least we can support businesses which agree with us.
I think Bitcoin's system of checks and balances is still being developed. Bit 4 was very useful despite people making fun of it. The ability to float an idea and receive feedback quickly tightens the feedback loop and speeds iteration.
Hopefully eventually there will be better ways that proposed ideas in the system can receive feedback from other actors. Think bit 4 signaling for users. It seems developers and miners are currently pretty well represented (roadmaps/signaling), but users resorting to reddit posting isn't sustainable.
@_date: 2017-06-25 22:11:14
What are your concerns with the proposal in particular? Why does it seem from the comments left by Coinbase and EFF that they don't seem to be fundamentally opposed to this proposal? Is knee-jerk fear of bitlicense valid 3 years later now that crypto currencies maintain over 100 billion total market cap?
And no comments at all here but piles of upvotes? What are others actually thinking about this?
@_date: 2017-06-29 06:57:16
seems fair but if we're talking about 3k you forgot 300, a value btc was hovering around for an extended period of time and would make this seem more legit. why leave it out?
for the ones, see also 