@_author: thebrentadamson
@_date: 2013-12-25 19:40:34
Maybe you're right. I believe in the idea but you made me realize that more time needs to be invested in the website and gaining credibility in the bitcoin community. I'm simply too busy with my other project to take bitcoin4good where I'd like to see it. We got good traffic yesterday but didn't see any donations or suggestions for new causes besides the one donation from myself (I've since closed that cause and donated everything to Sean's Outpost...I have a link to the blockchain on my website). b4g was done on a weekend whim at the spur of the moment and I realize I need to spend my time on my other project.
Maybe the best solution is for me to donate the project to someone in the bitcoin community that is trusted (and not anonymous so people outside of the bitcoin community can trust them), committed to doing good things w/ bitcoin, and has some technical skills to develop the website further (I can help get them up and running...what I have is super-simple code that a beginner could easily handle). I will also give them control of the  twitter handle. (I'd also have to stipulate that 100% of the donations be used for the causes).
Stuff like Sean's Outpost are good but I would like to see bitcoin do many, many more good things than just helping the homeless. Causes could be added to the website very quickly and could go to kidnapping victims, victims of domestic abuse, etc. Whether it be the bitcoin4good domain the idea in general should not die!
@_date: 2013-12-24 18:27:46
Having a pretty website isn't the point. Craiglist doesn't look ready for prime time either.
EDIT: I spent a total of like 2 hours getting everything up and running (I had some free time over the weekend. It will get better with time).
@_date: 2013-12-26 00:16:13
I believe that already exists: 
I think there needs to be something that doesn't fit the traditional charity model. I like the idea of being able to quickly submit a cause and then put a bounty on it. Most charities will also take  a cut of the donations.
@_date: 2013-12-24 19:15:50
Understood. I'm also not doing this anonymously for that reason. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-12-24 14:16:42
There is a lot of stigma for would-be-mainstream users. Whenever I talk to people that have heard of Bitcoin but haven't jumped in they always ask me about Assassination Market and/or Silk Road. In their minds, BTC=Drugs=Murder. This has to stop in order for Bitcoin to become mainstream, so I launched  I guess it's like Assassination Market, but in reverse. 