@_author: thebocaj
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:24:22
@_date: 2018-01-15 00:38:21
That's really not what he said:


Source: 
@_date: 2018-01-25 22:25:53
There will come a time for beta testing on the main net and putting real money at issue, but we're not near that.
What convinced me is trying to alpha test on testnet last night. I could not get a connection for some time. Later, despite having three open channels, I could not send a payment to Star Blocks.
They also have basic UI faults in LND, like clicking the "open channel" button doesn't provide any visual feedback, and if you click it a second time, it opens a second channel. These things need to be fixed, and the whole point of testing on testnet is to pinpoint these issues before you're on Mainnet.
@_date: 2018-01-20 03:38:50
Every time I've bought miners, both from Bitmain and individuals, I've used BCH. Aside from trading, I haven't used BTC.
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:02:41
When creating the second transaction, how long do you typically find you have to wait before nodes will start accepting the double-spent coins?
@_date: 2015-06-18 22:47:13
So just so I understand, I have to make my transaction then stand at the ATM for 10 minutes on average to get cash?
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:01:19
How do these ATMs avoid a double spend attack when I "sell"?
@_date: 2017-12-21 21:14:27
With Bitcoin Core wallet, all of the input is spent, with a share going to the change address. Does that mean this is not a viable solution for me?
@_date: 2018-02-10 21:34:24
I'm mildly enthused, but as written, I have no idea what this means:


Has anyone else ever heard of Bitcoin referred to as "a payment gateway"? Also, the current amendment takes out the provision that payment should be made in 24 hours, so get ready to enjoy some slippage!
@_date: 2013-05-10 19:18:39
Also, an honest law student will run away saying " IM NOT A LAWYER AND I CANT PRACTICE LAW"
That being said, its an interesting issue. You might get some law students interested in coauthoring an article with you.
@_date: 2013-04-30 05:16:18
@_date: 2013-04-29 07:52:05
What are you talking about?
The TRIPs (Trade Related Intellectual Properties) Agreement is an agreement between WTO member states - nations like the US, Canada, France, etc.
Undisclosed information, in this context, is trade secrets - it's a broad category of information, including (at least in the US, I'll admit I haven't looked up any of the interpretations of Article 39) things like customer lists, confidential business records, the recipe for Coca-Cola, etc. Anything that derives its value from being secret.
Article 39 basically says:
1. We're clarifying the 1967 Paris Treaty
2. You (nations) need to let your citizens protect trade secrets, provided they are a. actually secret, b. worth something, and c. the people made some effort to keep them secret (though apparently that effort failed).
3. If you require that people make disclosures to the government of chemical formulas and alike before they can sell their pharma drugs or pesticides, you've got to keep that information secret unless there's a public health issue or you provide them economic protection.
I really don't see what this has to do with bitcoin. Bitcoin is not a trade secret. So far as bitcoin is embodied by the blockchain, it's not a secret - anyone can go download that.
I'm sorry, I really don't understand your question.
@_date: 2013-04-05 07:39:17
I wonder how many coins are lost like this. Maybe if the protocol were being redesigned in some future, coins would have a half life, say twenty years, with lost value falling back into the ecosystem.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:13:43
Intrinsic value is very real; it's the value that something has even if it can't be used as a medium of exchange. Potatoes have intrinsic value as something I can eat. Oil has intrinsic value as a lubricant and something that can be refined to make my car go. Gold has intrinsic value as a very malleable, non tarnishing, highly conductive metals metal useful in jewelry and electronics.
These are all in contrast to fiat currencies that are not tied to a fixed amount of useful commodities, like US dollars and bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-24 16:59:31
I read the documentation on but didn't see "internets" listed as a valid denomination. Does any phrase after plus amount work?
Let's try:
+1 forlulz verify
@_date: 2013-05-09 14:36:45
I don't think any banks will make me a loan denominated in bitcoins. Taking a loan in dollars and converting to bitcoins leaves me open to exchange rate risks, and I can't reliably get an option contract to cover that risk. Even if I could, it would significantly increase the cost of a contract.
Anyways, I would just suggest that you offer traditional banking services, and also offer interest bearing deposits in exchange for the right to run the money under a fractional reserve system.
@_date: 2013-05-09 06:04:29
Will you offer interest on my deposits?


While I can understand the appeal to the bitcoin community, most banks make most of their money from interest on loans. How do you plan to make enough money to keep doors open and lights on?
Also, credit is a really important thing to an economy. Again, people here like to demonize the fractional reserve system, but the truth is loans (and hence, a fractional reserve system) is needed to open businesses, buy houses, arrange credit for international transactions and do pretty much everything that makes the world work the way it does. I would not think less of your bank if you helped support these important functions. In fact, I would give you props if you found a way to make prudent lending choices denominated in bitcoin. Perhaps start out lending to miners; not for the whole purchase, but for a quarter of it?
@_date: 2013-04-10 06:53:11
This might get downvoted, but people should know that this is just wrong. Gold is a capital asset. Any realized appreciation, I.e., buying then selling at a higher price, is subject to capital gains tax:
@_date: 2013-04-23 09:00:57
Ignorance is not a defense, but willful infringement subjects you to enhanced damages. That being said, saying "don't ever look at patents" may be overkill. If you think you've got a great new idea, it's not a terrible thing to look through patents to see if someone is already doing (or really, has already patented) what you're thinking of.
That being said, don't email them is probably sage advice if your interest in the subject matter is more than passing.
@_date: 2013-05-03 02:26:32
I checked BloombergLaw (free account for law students; it pulls filings from PACER). I can confirm that this filing is genuine.
Another bonus - exhibit 1 was the contract between Mt. Gox and Coinlab - here it is: 
Edit: Grammar.
@_date: 2013-04-30 09:36:23
Sure, sounds like fun.
I haven't done a ureddit course before, so I'll have to take a little time to figure out what the expectations are. If I'm working on part of a syllabus, hopefully I can give an overview on some of the regulatory and legal issues with a US focus. Also, overall, I'm a fan of bitcoin but my comments can run a little skeptical/cynical, so I might be a good counter-point for a hard core bitcoin evangelist.
@_date: 2013-04-30 17:22:31
Hard fork means breaks compatibility for older clients?
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:21:20
I don't understand how they're going to avoid a double spend attack and also not require me to wait 10 minutes to get money from my transaction.
@_date: 2013-05-02 20:35:31
While you have quoted the FinCEN regulations accurately, you are dramatically misreading them.
 &gt; Bitcoin miner = money transmitter
False. As FinCEN wrote, being a money transmitter has two elements:
1. Creates unites of convertible virtual currency, *and*
2. sells those units to another person for real currency or its equivalents...
Miners who hoard, buy cupcakes with bitcoins, get weed on silk road, or do anything with their bitcoins other than convert them to "real" (or "fiat" to use the vernacular popular here) is not a money transmitter. In fact, the sentence immediately before the one you quote makes this clear:


Your other points basically boil down to:
Bitcoin exchange = money transmitter = $25m bond and onerous regulations
I guess I take issue with the word "onerous" here. What's so wrong with requiring a company that wants to be like Mt. Gox, holding millions, perhaps later, billions, in deposited coins and transacting tens of millions a day, be regulated and bonded? My plumber has to be bonded before he can snake a drain. Things like this are just how society works.
You conclude:


You can still exchange bitcoin for goods and services - the regulations are explicit in saying they do nothing to stop that.
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:48:02
Folks, any scenario you post here will NOT be made into a TBBT episode, since using your ideas would open the studio up to a copyright suit.
@_date: 2013-09-17 06:46:21
I'm going to tackle the "how could it possibly [be] enforced?" side of the question.
Ways I can think of to crush bitcoin as a large government:
* Gov't could spend a couple 10's of millions of dollars buying ASIC hardware, then launch a 51% attack on the network.
* Gov't could order banks to not accept or send wire transfers to mtgox or related services.
* Transaction service providers (VISA, Novus, AmEx, etc.; with or without pressure from gov't) could prohibit business customers from accepting bitcoin transactions as a condition of accessing their financial network.
* With the help of major ISPs, the government could ban users who make bitcoin transactions. You suggested using proxies, but proxies can be a dangerous vector for man-in-the-middle attacks. Similarly, TOR does not provide perfect anonymity (see here:  Indeed, bitcoin itself is really only anonymous for the miners, or people who purchase coins in person. Most of the services online follow the KYC (Know Your Customer) banking rules. Even granting it is possible to make transactions online anonymously, it certainly doesn't pass the convenience test for widespread adoption.
And don't forget, merely declaring bitcoin to be illegal and those transacting them subject to fine and imprisonment would have a powerful, deleterious effect on the Bitcoin economy. If you're a small business owner, right now you might be interested in accepting bitcoins because with a service like bitpay, you immediately get cashed out in USD (or whatever), there's no real exchange rate cost for you. Even if no one tries to pay with bitcoins, you've basically lost nothing. If transacting bitcoins becomes illegal however, there's a strong incentive never to sign up.
I don't think Bitcoin could ever completely be crushed - someone, somewhere would keep a copy of the blockchain. But it could be hampered enough that it does not get the widespread adoption necessary to surpass other major currencies in market capital.
@_date: 2013-04-28 06:04:31
Do keep in mind that using TOR in combination with IP Transactions really opens you up to Man-in-the-middle attacks.
@_date: 2013-04-26 10:20:32
Expect a question along the lines of "what do regulators say about this?"
I don't know where your company is located, so you'll have to sort out a local answer. For the US, you'll want to start with:
* FinCEN's recent clarification on the applicability of Money Service Business rules to virtual currencies -  . Basically, if your business engages in "the acceptance of currency, funds, or other value that substitutes for currency [including bitcoin] from one person and the transmission of currency, funds, or other value that substitutes for currency to another location or person by any means," it's subject to the FinCEN regulations on money transmitters.
* FinCEN's regulations for Money Transmitters - it's [here]( PDF Warning.
Also, shoot an email to corporate counsel and ask if you can grab a coffee and pick their brain on this. Obviously, I don't know who your in house counsel is, but I would guess that they would be more than happy to look at some of this stuff with you. Normally their job is to review contracts they've seen dozens of times before. This is the novel legal research they wanted to be doing when they went to law school!
Best of luck - hope to hear an announcement soon.
@_date: 2013-04-28 06:12:45
Do also keep in mind that your computer is susceptible to hardware crashes, buildings burning down, etc. It might be a good idea to mirror an encrypted wallet file to a cloud backup.
Also, with paper wallets, remember that after every transaction, *you need to print a new paper wallet.* All the money in your wallet is spent every time you sign a transaction, it's just that most of it is spent to your change wallet.
@_date: 2013-04-12 03:12:43
User files a claim that they never received the goods. Paypal claws the money back.
@_date: 2013-04-26 19:05:08
I think this is a little bit of a semantic issue - the reason we care about identity theft is because it enables theft of other things. "Identity" is really the mechanism of the theft, not the object of the theft.
Also, someone compromising your private key means that they can sign messages that look like they came from you.
@_date: 2013-04-26 10:03:23
The rise of bitcoin will/would do nothing to change this. The thesis of the article is in the first paragraph:


(emphasis added).
Bitcoin won't make banks go away. Lets imagine bitcoin becomes the primary unit of account and medium of exchange for the world. When that happens, I'm not going to store my entire net worth on a personal computer; I'm not going to risk forever losing my material wealth to a forgotten password, a harddisk crash, or hackers in my online backup. I might keep a few coins in a local wallet for emergencies or anonymous transactions, but most of my wealth I'm going to store with some type of financial institution with deep wallets, a proven track record of security, and account records so I can get at my money.
How will I pick my financial institution? Certainly security matters to me, but after the market matures, I suspect that the primary way bitcoin banks will compete for my business will be by offering interest on my deposits. To pay me that interest, the bank will have to offer loans, and so again, interest rates become central to bitcoin, and private actors will be tempted to manipulate those interest rates.
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:08:53
You're confusing cause and effect here. As value of BTC goes up, more people will engage in mining because its profitable despite cost of electricity. However, when a new technology appears that increases the efficiency of mining, the network hash rate will go up, but it will not necessarily do anything to market prices. It may even drive the price lower as the new miners sell off to quickly recoup the cost of hardware.
@_date: 2013-04-26 11:22:46
I understand the technical workings of the bitcoin network. The key point I'm making is that a user's ability to reliably "spend" (transmit transactions to the network that are recorded in the blockchain) bitcoins depends on two things:
1. *exclusive* possession of the private key for a corresponding public key, and
2. Reliable access to that private/public key pair.
These two values are in conflict. Storing a single copy of my wallet (i.e., encrypted list of public/private key pairs) on a well updated linux box with strong passwords and encryption serves the first requirement well. Unfortunately, it fails the second requirement, reliable access. My HDD could crash, I could forget my password (either for the drive encryption, or for the wallet encryption), etc. I could try to lessen these problems by storing a backup copy of my wallet on dropbox, but now I'm violating the first principle of exclusivity.
As you point out, I could print out a public/private key pair and delete all other copies so I'm not at risk of being hacked. This makes my account frustratingly illiquid, but it also still strains the second value of reliability. I could lose the piece of paper, or it could burn in a fire.
But lets say I go this route. Since this is a *really* important piece of paper, probably with the same spending power of a few hundred thousand USD today, I'll do the same thing I do with other important pieces of paper (wills, deeds, loan docs, etc.) and put it in my safe deposit box. This is really annoying and illiquid - any time I want to spend money, I have to drive to the bank, retrieve the key, import it, spend/withdraw to a separate address what I need and print out the public/private key pair for my change wallet. I will also need to find someone to certify the value of that piece of paper in case the bank burns down and I have to file a claim for my deposit box. I'll also have to pay a monthly fee for the box.
I could do this. No doubt some people will do this. Most, however, will likely find it more convenient to go to a financial institution. 
Again, if bitcoin truly becomes the primary instrument of exchange for the world, many wealthy people and institutions will say "hey, its really expensive to reliably and exclusively store important public and private keys on your own. Let us do it instead. Transfer your balance to our accounts, in exchange, we'll record the value of that transfer in our own private ledger, and transfer the coins back to you when you ask. We also have enough assets spread throughout the world that even if your local branch burns down, and some of our private/public key pairs are lost, we will still be able to honor your 'deposits.'" Initially, I predict that some of these institutions will charge a fee to store deposits securely, but others will actually offer interest in exchange for the right to make loans. Since people like making money rather than losing money, many, if not most, will choose this option. Indeed, this cycle of virtual currencies from wholly individual ownership to banking to fraud has already happened in EVE Online -  The decentralized nature of bitcoin does not do anything unique to disentangle it from this cycle. If anything, the need for greater economies of scale to effectuate secure and reliable storage of public/private key pairs pushes BTC towards banking more than centralized virtual currencies such as ISK.
**TL;DR** I know how the network works, that doesn't mean there isn't a demand for banking services.
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:00:15
This title is very misleading. Saying 9flats.com is a "German housing agency" is like saying my landlady is a California housing authority.
@_date: 2013-04-27 18:41:18
Negentropy is a process, not a thing. Gold is not negentropy. If anything, refining oil, like I mentioned, is the best example here of negentropy.
That being said, what's your point? Of course all these things have different properties. All different things have different properties. Importantly, however, they are all examples of things that have intrinsic value, that is, a value apart from their socially agreed worth as a store of value.
@_date: 2013-04-23 07:09:55
Let's be clear. These are only applications, not issued patents. Many of them will almost certainly be denied. [This one]( for instance, is almost literally "gambling with bitcoin". There's an interesting idea of tying the gambling machine to bitcoin mining, but there are some enablement issues.
@_date: 2013-04-26 18:47:19
Yes, I am talking about fractional reserve banking. Yes, it does leave my account open to loss from a run on the bank. Despite that, I think many people will choose this system. My strongest argument for this belief is that its what happened empirically - hundreds of years ago, people looking to secure their gold had a choice between paying someone to guard their gold and not spend it, or be paid to let someone guard their gold but also spend it. They chose the latter option. Pretty much every society faced with this choice has chosen the latter option.
@_date: 2013-05-10 19:11:34
If you're truly planning on long term storage, print a paper wallet, put it in a safe deposit box at a bank, and thoroughly delete your wallet.dat file.
@_date: 2013-05-02 23:31:59
Others may disagree, but I think this was very foolish. A 401K is all about creating a stream of retirement savings for yourself that is divorced from your day to day financial interests. Sort of a "slow and steady wins the race" view to retirement savings. Bitcoin, although I will still call it an investment, is all about very high risk, very high rewards. Using the former to fund the latter is, to me, irresponsible.
On top of that, you're going to owe a lot of taxes this year - whatever your highest marginal tax rate is on the $31K plus another 10% in penalties.
Finally, this particular bitcoin investment is risky. BFL still has yet to ship consumer products! Their announcement yesterday was that they're ready to start shipping but need some last bit of information and then they'll assemble your order. Given their track record of delays, I don't think that's a good sign. Meanwhile Avalon and ASICMiner have been pumping out mining equipment and the difficulty curve has been climbing exponentially. Who knows what it's going to be when you get your order, and what it will go up to as everyone else gets there's. Finally, how do you know the guy you bought from will truly ship to you promptly, instead of getting the hardware, mining with it for a couple weeks while he feeds you some line about "payment issues" and finally shipping it to you when the difficulty is 30million higher. Or whether he will ship to you at all. Sure, you could sue him, but he likely is judgement proof and even if you get back the $31K you sent, that won't cover the taxes and penalties on the 401K withdraw.
If there's any way for you to reverse this, I think you should.
@_date: 2013-04-26 10:39:31
I would caution against overselling this. Specifically:


There were several stories yesterday about how an unscrupulous user can lose their private key. Since your private key is the ONLY thing that identifies you (violating the general rule of "something you have and something you know") I would argue the risk of ID theft is actually higher; certainly not zero. Sources:
For points four through six, again, I think again you're overselling - double spend attacks are real. You can see a list of thousands of double spends (whether intentional or innocent) [here]( There's a list of many more weaknesses [here](
Instead, I think you should compare and contrast this to the risk of fraud built into your present payment systems. Check fraud - who knows if the account has enough money to cover the check, or even if you call the bank to find out, whether there's another, unprocessed check floating around out there. Here, you can simply wait 10 minutes for a verification and be fine. Similarly, chargeback fraud is a serious problem for merchants, and not only results in no payment on a sale, but fines from your payment network. Bitcoin's risks are insignificant *compared to the risk of present systems.*
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:34:01
I agree, though legitimate users trying to use the service is rarely defined as a DDoS.
@_date: 2013-04-10 20:41:41
I really don't think FinCEN would see it that way.
I'll admit, here, I couldn't find a case on point, but all of FinCENs regulations relating to reporting requirements talk about "gold coins worth" not gold coins with "value" or "face value" of. For instance:


Transfer and Reorganization of Bank Secrecy Act Regulations, 75 FR 65806-01
The one journal article discussing this issue also is bleak about the prospect of bringing in gold coins and avoiding reporting requirements:






WHAT IS A $10 GOLD COIN WORTH? BASIS, FMV, AND REALIZATION ISSUES ABOUND, 118 JTAX 86, 93
(Edit: added source for journal article)
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:28:51
Sure, but then it's not really a bitcoin ATM so much as a Mt. Gox Payment Processor.
@_date: 2013-04-30 09:53:34
Easy! Put them in a bitcoin tip account then reply to this comment with "+tip ThebocaJ ALL" ;-)
In all seriousness, don't feel like you've got to spend it. You've got the equivalent of $15,000 USD at todays exchange rate. That's a great emergency fund starting out. Knowing that the money is there for you will improve your overall quality of life.
If you want to make the money work for you, and, as you say, you're a firm believer in bitcoin's future, I would invest in some mining hardware. Avalon has hinted that they'll be putting batch 4 on sale sometime soonish. Go sign up on their mailing list:  They sell out fast, so you might consider trying to get into one of the auctions ASICMiner has been having (follow this guy's posts -  although those have been selling for a lot, particularly relative to Avalon's prices.
Finally, I feel you on the vacation issue. Nothing wrong with a roadtrip? You could hit up a bunch of national parks and maybe wind up in San Jose on the 17th for the Bitcoin Conference?
Best of luck.
@_date: 2013-04-10 18:25:26
I don't think this is really a denial of service attack, it's investors genuinely wanting to pull their money out.
@_date: 2013-04-28 21:38:06
I don't exactly disagree with you, but I think there's already a group of people in the proverbial "smoke-filled room" who do this already. They're the members of the bitcoin foundation and members of large mining pools. So when a software update created a fork in the blockchain, these people got together and decided "this blockchain is the official one" -  If you accepted transactions from the unofficial blockchain, well, sucks to be you.
There's no technical reason they couldn't do this again if there was a big heist, saying, "oh, that blockchain that the heist happened on? It's now unofficial. Here's the official one."
All that being said, I'm not against how the March fork was handled, but it raises a disturbing precedent.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:09:59
What is a licensed integrator? Licensed by whom?
@_date: 2013-04-10 21:08:32
When? If you're really that bullish, I'll gladly agree to sell you two bit coins at $500 each in three months.
@_date: 2013-04-23 16:30:30
Two things:
First, the whole reason we have a patent system is to encourage not only innovation, but public disclosure of innovation. Ideally, we want practitioners reading patents so people aren't trying to reinvent the wheel. The rise of NPEs does seem like its put a crimp in that ideal, but I would like to believe that our patent system is not *so* broken that the risk of browsing patents will always outweigh the gains. &lt;/idealism&gt;
Second, if you're in the mindset that patents can only hurt you, then I wouldn't try to walk the line by searching for patents anonymously. Obviously, your concern is your browser history comes up in discovery and raises unpleasant questions at your deposition. Fine. Much more unpleasant questions will be (after opposition lawyers looked at an image of your HDD) "Do you use Tor at work?" "Do you look at patents while connected to the Tor Network?" "Why don't you use a normal browser and network connection when you're looking at patents?". If a judge finds out your hiding information, bad things start to happen. *See Qualcomm.*
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:51:03
I know nothing about the applicable UK law. You're wrong on the US law though.
Relevant Case:  Las Vegas developer ran payroll services with gold and silver coins, arguing that he only had to pay taxes on the face value. The IRS accused him of tax evasion. The people involved in the scheme were subject to judgment of millions in fines/back taxes and jail time.
Here's what his trial court said about the legal assertion you're making:


United States v. Kahre, 2:05CR121DAE(RJJ), 2009 WL 1067288 (D. Nev. Apr. 20, 2009)
You can get more background by googling Kahre gold IRS.
@_date: 2013-04-29 06:14:26
Didn't know all the transactions were processed. What about transactions from coins mined from the deprecated fork?