@_author: thebrewery33
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:56:05
If Congress has summoned the luminaries to a hearing, there is definitely interest in the regulatory community as to how to characterize Bitcoin within the US Code.  
While you may have a point with regard to the fence on a sidewalk analogy, I wouldn't be so bold to say that Bitcoin has no legal concerns.
Thanks for joining the conversation though. 
@_date: 2014-12-29 22:29:02
Thank you for the thoughtful response. Who controls the protocol?
@_date: 2014-06-02 21:47:15
I agree.  However, with success of a proven platform, comes regulation.  You are right, Congress favors corporations, but only because they play by the rules of the system and contribute in the form of lobby and campaign donations to creation of the rules.  I want to express the same concerns you have, with hands off type of treatment from Congress, however, I must honestly interpret how this "new" system will fit into the current economic landscape.  While it is admirable that the community wants to police itself, it has made deals with capitalists (See Winkelvii), so regulation is not that far behind.  
I agree with you that government does not create innovation, however, it also has the power to either stifle or allow growth.  This is where the Bitcoin community can benefit from working with the regulatory community at the outset, rather than compelling investment that is doomed to be valueless outside the community.  
@_date: 2014-09-03 19:28:27
He pointed out a problem that he has no answer for at the end of the video. How will the network scale as more transactions enter the ecosystem? Anyone have any links to information on the sustainability of the future of bitcoin?
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:43:43
This is a contracts issue, between the merchant and MC/VISA.  It may be a Sarbanex/Oxley anti-trust concern if MC/VISA were to attempt to contract to be the sole electronic payment processor.  I wouldn't be afraid of the CC companies.  I am more concerned with how the regulatory community is going to treat the platform.  Thanks for starting the conversation though. :)
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:33:05
I think this is where my question emanates from. How does one implement a consensus change? Is there somewhere that you can point me to that will answer this for me? Maybe a technical document, or an informative article detailing how the protocol is implemented?
Thank you!
@_date: 2014-06-02 18:45:32
Good luck with that.  Securities law is super complex and the bankers are shielded by a complex body of rules mitigating liability for the volatility of the market.  This is an entire encyclopedia of content.  I am just trying to write a 100 page paper.  Thanks for participating though.  What else do  you have?
@_date: 2014-12-29 23:17:50
Again, thank you! I am just confused as to how everyone and no one controls the protocol. Is this what is meant that if one grabs 51% of the hashing rate, he can control the rules by which the blocks are verified?
I need to sit and think about this for a while to get my brain around it. 
I appreciate the time and effort you spent thus far. :)
@_date: 2014-06-02 19:35:09
I take your point seriously, however, it is not in Congress' best interest to regulate and move on.  The surge in venture capitalist funds that have brought the otherwise unknown community of Bitcoin into the radar of Congress is not something that should be treated with rote tax/regulate mentality.  I hope to treat the subject with an overtly objective viewpoint of how Bitcoin fits into our current economic system.  I think it would be a travesty to discourage growth of the technology in the United States, compelling advocates of the platform to seek out unregulated foreign Bitcoin exchanges (see Mt. Gox).  
I want to give the thinktank that is currently wrestling with this issue something to bite into that advocates the possibilities of the platform, rather than the repetitive bland treatment that tech usually gets in the legal community.  
@_date: 2014-12-29 18:23:37
Who controls the core bitcoin source code? In other words, who decides if a fork is integrated to increase/decrease block size?
@_date: 2014-12-29 19:31:52
I am curious if in fact the centralized system of global banking policy has been bestowed upon the core developers and we are all just OK with whatever policy decisions are to be made by the core group. 
Essentially, I am wary that far too much power has been given a small group of individuals. How do policy decisions for Bitcoin get made? What recourse do the miners and nodes have for decisions that might favor one group over another?
The question of who controls Bitcoin is easily a red herring, as we all know the network validates transactions. But a layer below that superficial question, is just how much power do the core developers have and the 5 programmers that are charged with maintenance of the code have?
@_date: 2014-06-02 22:44:27
I think it is bigger than a currency.  I see more of lateral applications taking advantage of the transparent blockchain experiment.  This is where my concerns for the IP come in.  I guess it would fall into open source IP territory, but I am not sure.  
I think characterizing Bitcoin as merely a currency, is short sighted.  There is really no incentive to the average consumer to burden themselves with a new form of currency.  I think that the Gyft approach to Bitcoin is smart, but again, not a long range solution.  
I appreciate your candor and willingness to engage in a respectful and intelligent conversation of such an elusive concept to the average joe.  I look forward to engaging in this community in the coming future. 
@_date: 2014-10-23 21:38:06
I am in Sacto and Stockton.  I am game to meet in Stockton. 
 when are the Sacto meetups?
I am a writing a legal analysis of Bitcoin regulation and going to make recommendations for uniform regulatory approach to give the community assurance and confidence to invest and grow Bitcoin. 
I am not a Kool Aid drinker, and am very much a skeptic, but I see great potential in the technology put forward in the blockchain. The currency application has issues, but nothing that the Internet in 1992 wasn't able to overcome. 
Thanks for the comments. :)