@_author: thebananapuncher
@_date: 2015-02-18 05:28:36
There are several that have about 20-30k in the top streams at the top everyday. And depending it can easily reach 50k+ when one does either a 24/7 stream or event and almost every tournament gets 100k-120k in League, CS:GO, and DotA 2. Then people are rotating all day, with 20k you can realisticly assume that about 1-2k of them are dropping in and being replaced by another 1-2k per hour. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 05:10:24
Well, this whole debacle just got presented to several hundred thousand people all over Twitch. So prepare for further discussion on this type of thing in the future I suppose. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 05:08:58
But the entire thing has to appeal to newcomers to the scene and have limited potential to be labeled as something that is only used for felonious reasons. If these types of stories actively keep popping up in the near future, just as Bitcoin services are becoming more prevalent then it would be a very bad sign to any potential investors. Smart people are few and far between, because most aren't actively learning about new forms of currency and will mostly listen to news reporters run by companies that don't want it to push their businesses to the grave. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 06:07:48
He uses a stolen credit card and gives all the money to that person which attaches a damning lead to them to take blame for the theft because the money was deposited directly to their accounts. Then he expects these people to give him the money back by purchasing Bitcoin, a somewhat anonymous currency that and transfering them to his account so that there are no leads to him with the money. He makes a couple hundred to a thousand dollars worth of bitcoin while all the evidence will lead to his little helper. He gives them a sizable cut to keep them doing the same thing so that he doesn't have to constantly get a new horse to hold his loads. Scammer loses nothing has only very fragile lines leading to him through anonymous channels and his little helper gets investigated by the FBI, resulting in a lifetime blackmark on their shit that will make them rejected for every job opportunity and any loans or credit lines. 
@_date: 2015-02-18 05:50:13
With that type of information, all it tells me is that Bitcoin will never fully launch as a legitimate form of exchange. Not too many established laws in the book to really tackle these type of scams and it's harder to really pinpoint and track in relation to paper form. I can only imagine if a business the size of Comcast or Monsanto got a hold of this currency, and put all their profits into it to hide from the government and just resell at current market value for either a net gain or small loss. It would completely fuck the entire stability of the system to have money being pulled in and out in large sums.