@_author: thebesandsound
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:43:26
That is a mining pool that was hacked, in the same way as the Equifax personal data gets hacked, or that unreleased episodes of game of thrones get hacked. The hackers gained access to the private keys of which to access the bitcoin, keys need to exists for you to access your bitcoin. If an organisation cant look after their keys then it is not bitcoin's fault. In the same way as if you left a pile of cash in the street and it gets stolen, that it is not the moneys fault, but yours for leaving it there.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:33:27
This is like saying cash is bad because you can get robbed for it, or that credit cards are bad because they can be stolen and used, or ATMs are bad because you can get pushed out of the way after you have entered your pin. You are being pretty pedantic knowing that the whole point of the blockchain is to stop forgeries and provide a ledger history we can trust, and that the cryptography through Pub/Priv key pairs prevents anyone moving your Bitcoin without having them. If your moot point was the best you had against the write up you were replying to, then that is pretty disappointing because bitcoin needs to improve and needs decent critisism other than "its a ponzi".
@_date: 2017-12-14 23:15:46
A hundred scenarios? Interesting, you may do well as a bug tester for wallet security. You could help individuals and organisations protect their keys better.
I am pretty sure I can’t convince you now that I have seen you reply to a single half sentence you picked from my original reply, and then couldn't even back up your argument against it.
You can say it is a ponzi scheme, thats fair to say looking at how much 1BTC is beng bought and sold for these days. But I say crypto and bitcoin is a brilliant disruptive force that is changing the financial world, and that before long you will see how serious this technology is.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:58:03
You can download open source apps for your phone right now, put 100BTC on them, it doesn't get hacked because the app's code has been scrutinised, you checked the PGP signature of the app you downloaded, the OS you are running is reasonably safe after being bug tested by Apple or Google. There are ways to be secure with your Bitcoin and those ways are constantly innovating. Sure if you are running a dodgy mining operation, have bad code and didnt take the right security precautions, then you can get hacked. If it is impossible to look after a short string of letters and numbers, then you are right and bitcoin is forever flawed, but no you are pretty wrong because people are not being hacked everywhere and that will reduce more and more as people wise up to the current ways to protect their keys, or new ways are invented to make it easier and safer than is possible now.
@_date: 2017-12-14 22:17:50
Bitcoin does "do things" and will do more, there was a time before all the recent hype and increased valuation that it was obvious that everyone was here for the fundamentals: A currency not controlled by goverments or organisations, a unit of value that can't be faked or forged, is not based on debt and manipulated through inflation, is the digital future of money. You look at the graph and you see a ponzi, but bitcoin always had to go through this phase on the way to adoption. You may or may not be happy with 3-5 days SEPA transactions, taxpayers bailing out failed banks, billions of unbanked people across the world. But this is what *we* believe bitcoin can fix, these are the fundamentals that brought the original community together. These are the *things* that bitcoin will do. Do you really believe in your shares or a futures contracts you may hold in the same way? What were you going to do with them apart from sell them, what can you do with them?
@_date: 2019-10-24 08:54:47
Segwit was a nice-to-have, quantum resistance in the quantum age is a need-to-have, we will unify around a solution once quantum starts breaking things.
@_date: 2016-02-12 00:19:24
the great divider
@_date: 2018-02-18 21:39:49


It is an issue of the cheapest route, not the least hops. Competition is the reason we can predict LN fees will be very cheap.


PoS cannot be applied to coins with max supply like bitcoin, there are further problems with PoS, especially when considering centralisation, described well here: 
Maybe a better proof mechanism will come, Nano and IOTA are very interesting, but they are both at a very early stage.


Solar and wind are an investment to make a renewable electric resource. After they are set up it is practically free electricity with minimal maintenance. Many miners in China have set up their farms at hydro-electric dams built during "The Great Leap Forward" but where no industry sprang up to use all the power so it is practically free for them to use. There are similar projects of mining on renewable energy in Iceland, Canada and the US. Setting up a few solar panels on your house if your area gets good sun isn't a bad idea in general.
@_date: 2018-02-18 03:19:56
If bitcoin becomes much more adopted as a currency, and people speculate less, the price would stabilise like with any regular currency.
@_date: 2018-02-18 13:28:11
Search 'lightning network'. Instant transactions with very low fees will be provided by additional layers to the protocol. Mining will be always centralized to who is able and willing to mine, *you* can mine bitcoin, no one is stopping you.
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:34:41
Contrary to what you may have heard, there is nothing about the LN that serves to centralise it. Anyone will be able to run a hub, anyone can allow outside transactions to run through their channels. There are places with free/cheap electricity that you can mine in, cheap electricity affects the mining of all PoW coins, no one is stopping you setting up shop where it is cheap, or you could even get a few solar panels yourself. 