@_author: thebitnote
@_date: 2018-09-01 22:26:29
Thanks for the suggestion, certainly something we'll be tackling first before anything else!
@_date: 2018-09-01 16:46:32
Haha, appreciate the comment and suggestion - would bring a new definition to getting f\*\*ked by Bitcoin for the degenerate gamblers out there.
We certainly would love to be able to offer a more diverse set of products initially and will be working toward expanding what we have to offer in the coming months, but currently need to keep a narrow focus.  For similar reasons we're unable to process/ship most orders within a reasonable time frame.  In some cases, however, orders will be shipped within a few business days - the \~1 month time frame is more of a maximal period, such that customers that have specific time requirement are well aware of the potential delay.
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:02:04
I agree that the release of that new market will be a big fundamental shift.  However, the only reason that may have a big impact on the overall crypto market would be if/when *new* fiat is brought into the market (e.g., institutional firms that are managing assets for interested investors).  However, that may take some time and be dependent on the regulatory environment surrounding its release.
@_date: 2017-11-09 12:02:42
I'll edit the legend to indicate the axes better.  However, there are two y-axis, one for price and one for Google Trends.  Your candid opinion is appreciated, thanks!
@_date: 2017-11-01 23:18:24
Some of my strategy discussed in the following article.  Some of it already playing out, but who knows what will actually happen at the fork.
I personally don't even plan on holding Bitcoin through the fork - there are significantly better opportunities out there unless you're holding a large amount of Bitcoin, in which case diversifying it is probably prudent.
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:45:48
I think the point is that Bitcoin isn't a currency.  It's more of an asset right now - whether that changes down the road is unknown.  I discussed the ideas of currency vs. asset in the following article you might find interesting:
@_date: 2017-11-02 00:37:22
Depends how B2X is received, but I think the following levels are in play: 
@_date: 2017-11-07 05:08:21
OK, for the fork - first, Bitcoin is a blockchain protocol that's a growing ledger of transactions that is nearly impossible to alter due to the cryptographic algorithm securing it and validation process; the "miners" (networks of computational power) actively validate new transactions, which are added to the ledger.  They get paid through transaction fees and discovery of new "blocks" of the ledger, which also yield Bitcoins (this is the reason they're referred to as miners, mining Bitcoin in a sense).  Why do the miners do this?  They are incentivized through the payments above and with the riqht setup/cheap power they turn a profit.
The Bitcoin protocol is just that, a software protocol that miners decide to execute because of the reward and other participants decide to use because it provides a method to transact quickly, securely (not privately), and, typically, cheaper than other methods (i.e., bank wires).  
So, what happens if a group of people want to upgrade/change the network in some way?  They copy it, change the code a bit, and a new network is born.  Since the Segwit2x fork is based on Bitcoin, every single transaction must necessarily be copied, which means anyone that held 1 BTC on the original network now also holds 1 fork coin on the new network.  The term "fork" makes sense because it implies a common ancestor, so to speak; the two coins shared a past, but they are different (code) subsequent to the fork.
How do you value the new coin?  This new network requires support by miners to function (necessary for transaction validation, etc.).  One of the reasons they may support it is due to profitability.  Where does profitabilty come from?  Partly from intrinsic value of the coin which is determined by market supply/demand, and how much end-users prefer to use it as a medium of transaction compared to, say, Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, etc. (reading about the differences of forked Bitcoins is helpful to determine why you may prefer one over the other - things like transaction time, cost, etc., are different).
I wrote a short post on beginning an investment in Bitcoin that you may also find interesting here:  It discusses some basic aspects, wallets, etc., though there are better focused guides out there for wallets.
Sorry for the long-winded post, hope it's basic enough and it helps you!
@_date: 2017-11-01 19:37:26
I think it *may* catalyze a correction - the nature of which, who knows.  May be subtle, may be significant.  I'll have buy orders between 5000 and 6000 just in case we see a significant, short, correction.
Further thoughts here:
@_date: 2017-11-08 22:23:03
If by spike you mean the past few weeks run up to today, I agree.  But, for the spike today to nearly $8000, one can only  speculate.  I'd say there's a significant correction in the works... One that may cause some people to lose interest in the short term, which is actually good for people that have long term outlooks.
@_date: 2017-11-05 16:44:45
No pumping.  If you read the post you'll realize they're well defined trade plans for increasing relative amount of BTC under BTC corrections - so overall long basis on BTC with neutral outlook on any coin mentioned.  Regardless of your personal opinion, if you find it more appropriate that I post them in subreddits for the coins listed, no problem - just say so.  However, the implications of the trade ideas benefit Bitcoin holders more than those with long-term views of these other currencies.
@_date: 2017-11-05 16:40:15
What exactly is wrong?  Just want to be clear in moving forward.  Appreciate it.