@_author: thebigpygmy
@_date: 2017-12-01 05:41:46
Thank you! 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:55:45
Just commented and applied! 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:55:16
Just commented and applied! 
@_date: 2017-12-14 06:34:01
PineappleFund, 
I just signed onto Reddit for the first time today at 11:30 pm and my inbox has blown up with private messages and tags asking me to tell you my story, and about the initiative I founded. Once I started reading this post I got SO STOKED!!! I literally had chills... I was given 5.2 bitcoin by my buddy Joe Rogan and some of his generous podcast community several years back as a sort of science experiment. I think what spurred it all was that Joe had just had Andreas Antonopoulos on the podcast and I was on talking about the cause a few days or weeks later before I left to the eastern Congo rainforest to live for a year... For bitcoin to go from a few thousand dollars to almost six figures is SO INCREDIBLE! The purpose of the BTC donation was to help my foundation make a real &amp; practical impact with the hunter-gatherer Mbuti Pygmy tribe in the rainforest of DRC Congo, my second family. Hearing about BTC exploding last week while I was on the JRE podcast with Joe BLEW MY MIND! I'm blown away by your generosity and how you are living your life to make a difference! AND CREATING THE PINEAPPLE FUND!! 
Here is a quick cliff notes version of who I am and what life I'm so grateful to be living. Someone from reddit made this info meme... 
Also, this community, Reddit, was one of the key components of me starting up Fight for the Forgotten! I'm very thankful for the people who make up this place! A video of me was posted and it became the top post on reddit's homepage for a day. The video was of some of the kids in Congo seeing a dude with white skin for the first time. Jimmy Kimmel showed it that night saying, "here is Justin Wren, UFC fighter, in Africa being pet like a golden retriever (lol)" The next day it was on The Today Show, then I was on TMZ for a live interview right after Lindsay Lohan and right before Honey Boo-boo, ha! So I know the power of both Reddit and BTC. (And most of all, COMMUNITY!)  
My name is Justin Wren, I'm a professional MMA fighter, an author, speaker, and founder of the non-profit initiative  that is now under the nonprofit Water4. I founded FFTF after having a rude awakening to the worlds water crisis and modern-day slavery at the same time. I held a 1 &amp; 1/2 year old boy in my hands as his past away, his name was Andibo, and he died of dirty water. As I was digging his grave with blisters on my hands I found out his mother, a slave, was rejected hospital treatment because the hospital wouldn't "waste their medicine on a Pygmy animal." The pills were $1 to save his life. It was $3 for the one-shot cure. The entire village tried to give them more than enough but because they were Pygmies they were denied and rejected hospital treatment. It was around $35 for the casket and shovel we buried him with. 
This event changed my life drastically. I've now set out on a mission to defend the weak, love the unloved, and empower the voiceless with a vision of overcoming oppression with overwhelming OPPORTUNITY. The Pygmies told me everyone else calls them the forest people, but they call themselves the forgotten people. That's what I'm now trying to do with my life, Fight for the Forgotten. To live to LOVE, and fight FOR people. The story is better told in person or thru video, but here are some of the things we have accomplished. We have 32 staff in Congo. 20 full time, 12 part-time. They themselves have acquired back 3,000 acres of land for the Mbuti Pygmies, legally. They have drilled over 70 water wells now and started 3 amazing farms. We have replanted over 4,000 trees, and we have seen over 1,500 people literally transition out of modern-day slavery and into sustainable freedom with their own land, water, and food initiatives. We are now currently acquiring more land to start up our own soap production facility and essential oil press so that we can create more jobs, and provide the locals with a safe alternative that is locally sourced instead of the only thing they currently have available, if anything at all, car-washing soap PACKED with toxic chemicals from India or China.  
The nonprofit I partnered with is an amazing non-profit Water4. Last year alone they empowered 44 well drilling businesses in 16 African nations that employed 396 of their fellow countrymen! They are the HEROES of this story! They came together and drilled 690 water wells, JUST LAST YEAR serving over 172,000 of their fellow countrymen. 
Our collective belief is that opportunity is greater than charity. That charity can be great, in specific circumstances, but opportunity is just always better. It's the difference between a one-time handout and a true hand-up. I think the traditional charity model should be reserved and implemented in times of natrual disasters, war, faminine, or people with disabilities, etc... But people facing poverty and problems with a solution need an empowering way out, not a disempowering model that can cripple the community. (check out When Helping Hurts and the documentary Poverty Inc. for quick resources) I learned this by living with the people, listening to them, and learning from them the best way to love them. Help partner with them to create an opportunity. That creates hope, gives energy, and provides a real solution. A Swahili proverb my Mbuti Pygmy family taught me and lived out in front of me is, "If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." Our methodology is all about empowerment! Empowering people with an education, or the knowledge, and equipping them with the tools to solve their own problems locally, and empowering them to carry it out and become SELF-sustaining (not only "sustainable" in the western terms) to where they don't become dependent on us, but know they can knockout the water crisis for themselves. 
Here are some quick links of the story that is unfolding. But before I post them, I just want to say thank you for letting me share my story! Also, and more than that, thank you for sharing the incredible OPPORTUNITY you have to empower people to empower people! 
Here is my TEDx Talk in London. Funny enough, I say I had the flu during this talk. I actually had Malaria for the third time I found out a few hours off stage with a 103 degree fever. 
Here is the video Reddit made to go viral! I love this place. It's just a cute video, but we used it to parlay that into something tangible and a real impact. It's got about 2 million views because of this place. 
24 minutes and 10 seconds into this video was my last appearance on Joe Rogan's podcast last week and he SHOCKS me about telling me how much the bitcoin is worth now! 
Here is an incredible story of transformation from my good friend Chief Liome talking about the change that has taken place in his village. 
Here is a short film that is now turning into a documentary trailer for a feature length film that has been filmed over the last 4 years to give the Pygmies a voice. 
