@_author: thebluebear
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:45:00
Its not the community what you're pointing, bunch of suckers like you who are bought by the same VC's &amp; investors like coinbase.
Last time I checked, 90% of full nodes, as well as miners, developers who'd been on board since earliest days, and majority of non-VC backed / non-US businesses were backing core.
But ya, according to you, a bunch of anonymous suckers who post on reddit is the community, the rest is... who are they anyways?
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:30:35
Its not a different version of bitcoin. Its a hostile attempt to takeover bitcoin, showing a blatant disregard to bitcoin community &amp; ecosystem, as well as long established open source traditions.
@_date: 2015-12-28 06:25:10
Coinbase claims to be a wallet / secure coin storage (as well as an exchange/broker). Rather, they act as a bank, which comes with all the reporting requirements of course. You no longer have control of your keys when you deposit either. 
On top of everything, as an illustration, this bank decides to deal with an hostile, unknown central bank and give you this 'unsupported' alternative / counterfeit currency, which could become valueless any day.
Why would you deal with them? If you want a wallet, there are plenty of alternatives where you will be secure and as well keep control of your keys. If you want an exchange, there are still plenty of alternatives with much higher liquidity etc.
@_date: 2015-12-28 06:47:29


XT has shown a blatant disregard to the bitcoin community / ecosystem and the long established open source traditions. They're willing to bend the rules and interpret majority based on their terms to achieve their hostile hardfork. 
Wasnt it Mike Hearn, the dev who first founded and then quit xt for bitcoin competitor blockchain startup -funded by big banks-, who said that [he will use checkpoints and ignoring the longest chain to force through the XT hardfork irregardless of what miners say]( 
So yeah, that 75% threshold, is actually a very subjective (and potentially open to short-term manipulation) metric and we can at some point see 2 competing chains appearing, even though a significant portion of 'active players' in the ecosystem have not 'voted' accordingly.
If and when that happens, you as a coinbase customer will end up with XT coins, NOT bitcoins... Which is fine, as long as you're aware of your choice and potential consequences.
I am placing my bet not on XT coin, but bitcoin, hence keeping my business away from coinbase. 
@_date: 2015-12-28 05:26:26
It depends on your location, purpose / how many coins you need cash out. Kraken (particularly for European customers), Bitfinex (especially for large amounts &amp; liquidity), Localbitcoins (for anonymity) are some of many options that I can think of...
@_date: 2015-12-27 18:39:38
Wasnt it Mike Hearn who [said that he will use checkpoints and ignoring the longest chain to force through the XT hardfork irregardless of what miners say]( If that's not hostile and an icon of showing blatant disregard to the ecosystem... I don't know what else is. 
@_date: 2016-01-14 18:11:01
Don't buy much of the arguments there, and definitely not the conclusion personally.
@_date: 2016-01-14 23:59:09
+1. 
I mean c'mon. This is neither new nor unexpected stuff... Guy has already left XT quite some time ago, for a bitcoin competitor. He surely may ridicule bitcoin and try to shake it a bunch, so his private chains will be more attractive for his institutional customers... What would you expect him to say? 
But yeah... Smells like we may see moar negative PR from his camp down the road... 
@_date: 2016-01-14 23:54:44
he actually did push some blacklisting stuff into XT. XT doesn't really like TOR...
@_date: 2016-01-20 14:50:50
how about 413? 
@_date: 2016-01-15 04:37:31
unlikely but for the sake of argument, 1 year from now, let's say it costs 4usd to transfer 2.5M usd (100x fee from today)... then what? would that make this uncool? inconvenient? i think not.
@_date: 2016-01-21 12:12:43
Great article. After today's announcement that Chinese miners are withdrawing support, it's clear bitcoin classic has very small chances of succeeding a hardfork anyways. 
Long live bitcoin! 
@_date: 2016-06-18 06:54:12
They already are a toast my friend,
@_date: 2016-06-18 06:05:02
Brian, just like Gavin, is a pathetic loser. We all know that though, no?
@_date: 2016-06-17 23:55:40
This chat log reveals that game is over for ether. Worst crisis management ever, by a clueless, unprofessional team... 
These children at the core of billion dollar game? Cmon, be responsible with your money. Don't buy shitcoins like that...
Let see when it goes below 1usd...
@_date: 2016-06-18 11:29:44
Right. The point is, a precedent is being set here... Who defines what is fraud, what is not? If its up to ethereum foundation or the community to arbitrate, who can trust smart contracts again? Oh well, very smart isnt it!
@_date: 2016-06-18 11:50:37
So now miners are arbitrators for smart contracts and they have right to not to include blocks that may do some economic harm to them?
This whole drama makes me think that  we're far far away from the point where smart contracts to become viable for public to use, especially when theres big money at stake.
Good luck with realizing your dreams...
@_date: 2016-06-18 10:53:39
This is getting more priceless by the minute. The guy is right. The terms of the contract was there for everyone to interpret. He only played by the rules. Since when that is a crime ;)
@_date: 2016-02-13 00:38:33
exactly... i bet fincen would love to impose certain legal stuff into the protocol. a hardfork would give them the opportunity. no one should want bitcoin to run into such legal hurdles and other fork related chaos right now...
@_date: 2018-11-19 22:19:36
That was quite likely the interim bottom folks... We're way oversold right now, 3d RSI, weekly Stoch... i expect to range between here and 6k for some weeks...
For me the real buy zone is somewhere between 3200 - 3500 though... I'm curious how long will it take us to get there...
edit: for those who're calling it's the end for crypto and bitcoin... please head over to: [
@_date: 2018-11-18 17:37:04
it's always a good time to buy bitcoin, e.g. invest $100 every month if you can (e.g. buy and hodl)
any yes, we're slowly heading into the accumulation zone. I'd say safest time to invest {bigger sums} would be when the weekly RSI gets into the oversold territory... We're not there yet...
@_date: 2015-09-03 14:58:43
Wow. Hardcoding IP blacklists is the only way to stop attacks, right? This should be something like  8GB blocks to securely scale the bitcoin...
@_date: 2015-09-05 07:54:00


And that's you responding after deliberations with most miners out there and knowing exact dynamics of a technology which we don't know all the details yet? This is a very similar attitude to those [who deemed bitcoin 72 times dead]( You guys have killed side-chains and lightning network dozens of times already even before they were born. There are solid people working on these technologies, some of who brought bitcoin to its $3BN+ market cap today. Why such a pessimist attitude? But I understand, you're here to preach XT and ridicule Core, so why should anyone expect more from you?
@_date: 2015-09-05 08:45:14
Yeah, the results obtained by these joke-coins, who at best functioned to serve pump and dump schemes, should definitely be *the* reference point us here. Agreed.
@_date: 2015-09-04 23:54:33
Perhaps thats me being optimistic, because I believe bitcoin community is way smarter than the trolls spreading the FUD here. We have tons of great discussions going on at bitcointalk than the trolls here who preach the same idiotic rhetorics over and over again.
But then again, neither bitcoin nor this sub reddit never was and never will be a democracy. In this case, miners decide for the fork and theymos makes the rules in the sub... So now you can go f. yourself with that popular sentiment (or try to build the next big cryptocurrency with it so that we all see how far it goes)
@_date: 2015-09-01 11:08:15
Noone should be surprised by this. It's very clear to me that what lies beneath XT is a mostly a matter of taking over Bitcoin's governance and making the protocol easier to contain/control. The 'circles' who orchestrate XT campaign wants us, the community, to perceive it as a mostly technical debate, and to not really focus on its certain other consequences, such as the fork would mean giving disproptional amount of control to a duo of developers with highly questionable motives and pasts.
I believe that XT camp is very well funded and strategically driven. This camp probably involves some of the companies / investors who would benefit from node centralization in the long run.  But I would be very surprised if the list ended there (and not include some form of government bodies / agencies). 
They probably have hired PR and social media management professionals so that the perceptions of the community will be influenced and confused with well thought and practiced arguments. Moreover, they are probably doing a lot to influence / pressure some incumbent ecosystem companies via investors and board members etc so that they will also signup to Bip101 / XT.
Thus far, bitcoin belonged to noone but people, howeved the struggle against this hostile XT takeover is far from being over, because of the resources and power that is at the discretion of the united XT camp. Unfortunately, even those who can see what XT is really about have disagreements with regards to how to respond.
We have some though months ahead of us guys. Its likely that the dirty tactics we've witnessed thus far is only the beginning...
@_date: 2015-09-04 12:36:47
I take the XT camp very seriously.. Probably they have some shady action plan on the miners front as well. Just 1 conspiracy theory I can come up with: 'stress test' achieves to clog the network, btc price goes to a dive, pushing prices well below miners profitability levels, forcing many of them slowly out of the game. They are already working with their financiers to set up new pools etc (with a 'holly goal' to save mining from the chinese monopoly). All they need is 750 out of 1000 latest blocks if I understood correctly. They dont have to sustain this level for long, once this mark is hit, the fork is successfully initiated and we have a big chaos afterwards. Actually they probably dont even need 750; once they pass 50% mark; expect a PR storm of unprecedented levels to persuade others that, unless they get on board, they will be doomed etc. They may have already made a behind the curtains deal with 1-2 of the pools, you never know.
This may sound extreme, but its probably a good idea to brainstorm, play devils advocate... We can also expect some moves in the legislative front, e.g some new laws, which would practically force some miners out of the game, or that would force BIP101 somehow (no idea how, just saying).
@_date: 2015-09-05 06:50:00
Exactly. The puppets are also preaching same shallow arguments over and over again like parrots. We should perhaps create a wiki of these stupid rhetoric, and answer them one by one with data and logic driven points? Its really hard to overcome these in a vote-driven, easy to manipulate environment like reddit.
I mean come on, it always ends up coming down to the blockstream conspiracies, that $200 6TB hard drive, that we're somehow promoting centralization (most senseless of all, really), that we're against the entire community and we're like chinese dictators, so on and so forth. These are mostly arguments to laugh at, but when you're facing a FUD spreading, well coordinated mob with large numbers, essential points and facts always end up getting watered down and you end up with chaotic, pointless posts that has 200+ comments (just like how this one will end up being in a few hours). I really think there should be another platform to make our points against these silly rhetoric. 
@_date: 2015-09-03 14:53:15
Im not really against bigger blocks and not definitely against the community whatsoever.
But I'm for a balanced solution and definitely against a rushed implementation that would lead to too high block sizes,  without demonstrating that there really is a need for that much (e.g do I need my morning cup of coffee on the blockchain?) or ensuring that the extent of the increase wont have adverse effects in the ecosystem. 
Blocksize probably should be increased. However, I'm really not sure what is the 'magic' algorithm or number because it's a complex problem with many different aspects.   
One of these aspects, based on my standpoint is that, there has to be a balance between this increase and the centralization it would lead on the full nodes front, as well as other risks it would pose on the network. 
Bitfury published a paper this week that analyzes Blocksize issue based on a data and fact driven analysis. What they found is that a sudden jump to 8mb is clearly a bad idea and we really shouldn't act as if we have a crystal ball, commiting to a long term solution without actually knowing its consequences. 
I already hear, 'miners are subjective'. Actually, bitfury is not just a miner but a long-term ecosystem player. Therefore their analysis requires some attention.  Furthermore,  miners are in this game for a clear economic gain which would only be derived by the success of bitcoin. Perhaps,  letting miners decide is not the best solution.  But its definitely a better solution than XT. Why? Because BIP100
- Doesn't really risk loosing most of the devs who brought bitcoin where it is today, and hand it to a unproven duo.
- Doesn't anally force a solution without consensus, potentially causing a major panic in bitcoin markets and further ruining public image of bitcoin
- Doesn't include shady code that blocks IP's and tor clients 
And most importantly it doesn't pretend to have a definite answer because we dont.
@_date: 2015-09-04 09:07:05
This is how I exactly feel as well... 
'The stress test' attack has confirmed my suspicions that these lunatic scums are ready to go very far, including destroying bitcoin in its entirety, to succeed in their hostile takeover. So I sold half of my BTC holdings (which I've bought early 2012) yesterday until this settles a bit (doesn't seem likely anytime soon). 
What happened here yesterday has also confirmed that, at least some of the XT commenters in this /r/ are hired professionals or something... Many posts or comments, which had even small bits of data or logic driven arguments against XT got down voted to hell so that they won't be read by many, whereas shallow, superficial subjective statements with no essence are on the top... [Just take a look at this post] ( 
I think theymos should not let this happen, because this is *NOT* organic my friends. But this is why I have also decided not to just sit and watch, and be very vocal here on reddit and elsewhere, because bitcoin deserves much better than Gavin and Mike, and I feel like everyone needs to contribute in this struggle...
@_date: 2015-09-03 15:32:54
Please read my thoughts about miners /XT on my previous comment. But how does BIP101 gives somebody more control? It makes running full nodes a more resourceful task, naturally leading to less full nodes.
The biggest resource hog for higher blocksize is bandwidth (along with storage space to some extent). BIP101 would eventually mean you can only run a full node in a data center with super fast connections and immense storage capacities. Yes, technology gets better and cheaper but bandwidth has always been an expensive resource.
Mining could be more easily regulated but running full nodes could not be so easily regulated in current design (just like running bittorent clients still cant be regulated/contained against all the corporate and governmental efforts over decades).
Once again, 'if XT succeeds, running a full node may become impossible for average people or even resourceful bodies in the long run. Full nodes have a major influence on bitcoin's governance by design (more than miners, for example). If there are only a handful full nodes out there, Bitcoin will become much easier to manipulate /control.'
XT is a fork that would take bitcoin protocol away from its original P2P vision and make it yet another centrally controlled network.
@_date: 2015-09-04 21:17:37
It has been calculated that, even 20mb blocks would make the bandwidth requirements to run a full node quite immense, putting the ability to run full nodes out of reach for many users around the world (let alone 32mb or 8gb!!). "The bandwidth bound for just downloading blocks is ~4GB per month now, it will be ~52GB per month (20mb bblocks case) Behind Tor and other anonimity networks, nodes will reveal themselves by the sheer volume of data transferred even to only download the block chain. This may already be the case, but will become worse. It may even become harmful to Tor itself." 
Furthermore, harddrives etc do get significantly cheaper day by day, but this has never been the case for bandwidth. Decrease in the cost of unmetered, fast connections never rivaled that of storage or cpu's.
Regarding the point regarding running full nodes in data centers.. "It was well understood while the creator of the system was around that putting every consensus decision into the world into one system would not scale; and also understood that the users of Bitcoin would wish to protect its decenteralization by limiting the size of the chain to keep it verifyable on small devices. Don't think you can claim otherwise, because doing so is flat out wrong. Many errors were made early on in Bitcoin. Satoshi explicitly envisioned a future where only miners ran nodes, however, that the delegation of consensus to third parties was unforseen. Presumably Bitcoin core making mining inaccessable to users in software was also unforseen."
You're saying that small block sizes mean forcing people to use blockstream etc. But blockstream is only 1 company out there offering some additional capabilities. We will probably see tons of low-cost or even free to use solutions, side chains etc. who will make blockchains benefits accessible for everyone.
On the other hand, increasing blocksize to humongus numbers would definitely mean people cant run full nodes / wallets and be forced to use circle, coinbase etc. as well as bitcoins governance will be centralized making the network much easier to contain / control / manipulate / regulate for governments and corporations. Less full nodes mean making bitcoin vulnerable to externalities. And if you ask me, which one is better, keeping bitcoins true P2P nature, keeping it truly independent VS keeping any and everything on block chain itself, the answer is very straightforward. 
@_date: 2015-09-03 10:17:43
What is there to take over? The only sophisticated and effective P2P money remittance / store of wealth technology that is currently very hard to control or influence by any corporate or governmental structure. 
If bitcoin vision succeeds with its current design (which may happen eventually in a 5-10 year timeframe), it could be a nightmare for many big financial institutions and governments who are not only making huge financial gains out of inefficiencies from the monetary system but are also able to exert immense power on global economies. 
Just like bittorrent, which is also hated by most corporations and governments, bitcoin is almost impossible to contain/stop with its current design. 
If XT succeeds, running a full node may become impossible for average people or even resourceful bodies in the long run. Full nodes have a major influence on bitcoin's governance by design. If there are only a handful full nodes out there, Bitcoin will become much easier to manipulate. 
In my opinion, the world really doesnt need another centrally controlled network such as VISA. If we're patient enough, we can both scale bitcoin via sidechains etc and also keep its decentralized nature. 
Some people claim, if XT fork succeeds and then gets out of control/shady in the future, community may always opt for anoter fork in the future. I'm really not so sure about this. As the community gets larger, it will be harder and harder to initiate another fork. Also, I personally think XT is a very well funded and orchestrated campaign. Libertarians may not be able to unify their visions and gather resources to the extent that I think are aligned behind the XT initiative today. It could as well be, now or never...
@_date: 2015-09-04 00:11:18
XT is turning into a bad joke, really. Backers think, having deep pockets and calling this shady activity a 'stress test' entitles them to disrupt a well-functioning network.
These arrogant mindless scums can even go beyond unthinkable and somehow accuse miners that filter out these spam transactions... Bravo!! You guys are really something, aren't you?
@_date: 2015-09-04 12:45:13
Satoshi vision is a true P2P network, which is how it is today as well. If the mob's blocksize plan works, it will no longer be P2P because most internet users wont be able to afford to run full nodes / wallets and would be forced to use coinbase, circle, whatever. OK, now you can start throwing your senseless rhetoric trying to disprove this fact.
@_date: 2015-09-03 08:02:05
This is not surprising at all, based on what else we know about XT:
- Most XT supporting companies are backed by same VC's and investors (including Goldman Sachs)
- XT is led by only two devs, and decisions are ultimatly made by Mike Hearn, who advises Circle (conflict of interest)
- Gavin Andresen, who is the other dev for XT, advised and had been paid for by CIA at least in one instance (which doesn't necessarily mean that this still is the case today; but clearly shows that the relationship is there, and that government agencies, just like big financial institutions have been taking bitcoin seriously since its early days. For the record,  these bodies are neither known to have a sit and watch attitude regarding issues that they feel threatened by nor a fair-play approach regarding such issues.)
- XT includes some highly questionable code that automatically downloads a list of blacklisted IP's (which can be abused to maintain central control over nodes and exclude TOR users)
 
So on and so forth... XT is simply a hostile takeover effort to get control of bitcoin governance and turn bitcoin protocol into a centralized, easier to control technology. The circles behind this are utilizing all sorts of shady tactics, which are aimed at manipulating community perceptions (such as the one mentioned in this post) and influencing/pressuring ecosystem players. Whoever thinks this is only about a technical disagreement is either too naive or not well-informed about the issue.
@_date: 2015-09-04 01:19:43
XT is turning into a bad joke, really. Backers think, having deep pockets and calling this shady activity a 'stress test' entitles them to disrupt a well-functioning network. These arrogant mindless scums can even go beyond unthinkable and somehow accuse miners that filter out these spam transactions... Bravo!! You guys are really something, aren't you?