@_author: thechort
@_date: 2013-04-22 18:16:25
Such a strategy is based on the idea that your probability of winning the next roll has some relationship to whether or not you won the roll before.
Unless a complete idiot programmed this site, that is not the case.
Therefore, you got lucky.  Walk away with your winnings.  If you keep playing, you will eventually lose it all.
No, most people do not win that much.  It is the equivalent of hitting the jackpot on a slot machine.  Many many people played and lost before you happened to get lucky, and many will do so afterwards. If you keep playing long enough, you will be one of them.  
The odds are against you, that is how the game is designed.  If you play long enough, the odds will win out.  Your betting strategy has no effect on this fact.
EDIT: Actually, it's a little bit more nuanced than that, because your method doesn't seem to be based on the odds being affected, but instead upon the fact that however much you've lost you're betting enough the next time to make it back.  
Of course, the problem is that if you play long enough one of two things will happen. Either you will hit the bet limit, which means that a single lucky roll can no longer make up for previous losses, or you will go bankrupt due to a long loosing streak.
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:04:33
You know bitcoin is not American, right?  And that Americans aren't the only people who use currency?
@_date: 2013-05-03 15:08:11
The stock market is pretty huge and insider trading is still a big deal...
@_date: 2013-08-04 00:03:07
Except that the candidate cashing them out to a form he could actually use for ad buys and such would cause some major red flags.
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:12:21
Although, I feel like Bitcoin exposure went through the roof recently.  No news is bad news.  Well, at least in terms of garnering public opinion, I guarantee you more people now know about BTC, and are thinking about entering the market.  Sudden spikes in demand come with sudden spikes in price for a strictly limited commodity like BTC.  Tipping point phenomena happen, and BTC might be close.  It's probably still a little early, but when you're talking years until $1000 for BTC I think you're right.  I think BTC will either have basically completely shown itself to be worthless/get shut down somehow, or  go well over $1000 within ten years.
Of course, I don't really know shit but it seems to me given the relatively tiny current adoptership, the ever increasing exposure and awareness of Bitcoins, and the potential market being huge should it gain full acceptance, BTC are either going through the roof fast or getting shut down/ pushed underground by the authorities.
@_date: 2013-12-06 00:03:58
Gold used as currency or commodity in a modern sense doesn't mean physcal pieces of gold, it means certificates backed by gold.  Or even digital assurance that you own gold stored in some wherehouse somewhere.
These things can be subdivided with no practical limits and quite easily.
@_date: 2013-06-24 16:26:54
You wouldn't have gotten nearly as many downvotes if you hadn't pointed out the obvious sarcasm, implicitly assuming your readers to be idiots.
@_date: 2013-05-04 20:03:56
Then by what economics does this make sense?  The economics of buyer stupidity, where people buy things that are supposed to make them money without doing any research?
Or perhaps the economics of buyer dreamland, where even though the difficulty increases hugely as all these ASICS hit the market, one assumes that the exchange rate appreciates the profits faster than the increased difficulty decreases them?
Sure there's the whole supply vs. demand thing, and they think they've got a read on that.  The point is that if the buyers understand simple economics, they won't buy the damn thing, because of the ROI issues.
If the price is at a reasonable place in terms of ROI for the creators, then it should never have been created, because they can't offer value to their customers at this price.
@_date: 2013-04-23 00:32:16
From what I understand there are psychological barriers in all kinds of markets.   Commonly cited is the idea that people tend to think in round numbers.  So slightly over or under a round number can make a disproportionate difference in willingness to buy or sell.
We see this daily with prices at $xx.99  If it didn't work, people wouldn't do it.  That penny more than makes up for itself in gained sales. Now that's a little bit different, but commentors commonly speak about similar psychological watermarks in the stock market, say some indicator going above or below $1000 means that lots of action of a certain type will happen.  
Is this because the $1000 mark is really all that important in a rational sense? No, it's because that's the number that makes sense to people.  It's concrete, it feels important.
Although, I do have to say that If I had to guess, I would say that many or most of the people who think that it is too expensive right now aren't saying that based on the fact that they don't realize they can buy fractional amounts. They're saying it because they think it is currently trading above its actual value, and fear buying in at $100 just to see it collapse back to $10 or less or even be shut down, driven underground, etc.
I'm not saying they're right, but you have to admit that it's a volatile market, and that the current price may still be a bubble. It was only a month ago that BTC was trading around $60. A month before that it was at $40.  And the whole year before that was $20.
It looks kinda like a nice exponential curve, and it may well be that it's time prices prices to go through the roof, that that exponential will just keep growing as more and more people are aware of, own, accept, and trade in bitcoin.  But there's no guarantee it's not just a bubble, which is what I think people are worried about when they say the price is currently too high.
@_date: 2013-05-04 19:58:06
Also you've got to remember that everyone's calculating based off of the 2BTC price, which is the wholesale.  It's even worse when you figure that the intention is that retailers make a profit by buying 300+ and selling them individually at a mark up.