@_author: thecookiez
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:02:19
Good sir, I am going to make your day.
As per the laws in Ontario.
What is an “alternative to personal service”?
If you are unable to serve a document by means of personal service, you may choose an “alternative to personal service.” This means that you are choosing another method of service (e.g. at place of residence) permitted by the Rules. See Rule 8.03 below.
    Excerpt from the Rules
    Alternatives to personal service
    8.03 (1) If a document is to be served by an alternative to personal service, service shall be made in accordance with subrule (2), (3) or (5); in the case of a plaintiff’s claim or defendant’s claim served on an individual, service may also be made in accordance with subrule (7).
    At Place of Residence
    (2) If an attempt is made to effect personal service at an individual’s place of residence and for any reason personal service cannot be effected, the document may be served by,
        leaving a copy in a sealed envelope addressed to the individual at the place of residence with anyone who appears to be an adult member of the same household; and
        on the same day or the following day, mailing or sending by courier another copy of the document to the individual at the place of residence.
What does this mean to you?
Here is what your going to do.. Print a second copy. put your first copy into a white envelope with "resident of &lt;address&gt;" Attempt one more time, Go to the security and say you have a letter to be hand delivered to the resident or owner of the unit.
If they refuse, leave the envelope with the security guard. walk out, and go STRAIT to your local Fedex / UPS / Purolator / hell Canada Post is also great ( just MAKE SURE you get a tracking number ) 
Send put it in one of them fancy prepaid tracking envelopes and POOF.  make sure to keep receipt this will get tacked onto the value of your claim.
Second option.. pay a company like this
a arm and a leg for some snot nosed kid to do the exact same thing.
Also, record everything, times, dates, tracking numbers, recipts, etc etc etc.
:D if you feel so inclined PM me and il get you a btc address that i will take donations, ONLY AFTER your claim goes though.
I am here to serve.
@_date: 2018-01-19 03:48:51
mind if I ask what province / state your from? I can find out for you.
@_date: 2018-01-19 03:48:28
you have to check with your local small claims..
in BC, I have three options,
1) registered mail.. ( aka tracking number ) once its marked as delivered.. ( doesn't need a signature ) your golden
2) in person, if they refuse to come to the door, or say "i'm not that person" or "that company doesn't work here" and refuses to take it.. you can drop it at there feet or infront of the door.. and its considered served ( its a federal offense to lie about this though, 10k fine + year in jail? at least in bc.. )
3) pay a company specialized in serving.. Not worth it IMO.
@_date: 2018-01-21 02:05:33
was it &lt;5k or &gt;5k.. big diffrence at least in BC..


&lt;5,000: small claims.. lot more costs and you have to actually show up :ugh:
@_date: 2018-01-16 16:51:04
Just so there is a record here.. I have got the official documents of this company available for a $8 fee on service Ontario... 
Business Name:
ROZENDER, MORGAN
SOLE PROPRIETOR
10 NAVY WHARF COURT
No. 3507
CANADA, M5V 3V2
BUSINESS IDENTIFICATION NUMBER
This is more than enough to take him to court. I highly recommend the following methods
BC: 
Ontario: 
Alberta: 
I am more than willing to help for a small fee, And I can also help serve the papers :D
I'm done with this smoe... Also just for reference in case anyone doesn't know. In Canada a sole proprietorship is just a business number attached to an individual. Hence if you sue his company you will be going after him personally. If you are successful, and you get a collections order, it will be against his personal assets including property, vehicles etc. BUT there are limits ( if a car is seized and sold at public auction, the debter can withhold up to 5k.. a property is 14k, you can not force seizure of clothing etc )
@_date: 2018-01-12 02:45:47
I have not heard anything yet, Going to send off a small claims case. Should get a response fairly quickly.