@_author: thecryptogandalf
@_date: 2019-08-07 09:44:30
I think there are people joining the market because of the FOMO. High volatility may seem as a bad thing, but for people who are looking for big profits within a short time scale, its a perfect choice. In addition to that I read some stuffs about people who are started to investing BTC  in order to avoid from hyper inflation such as Venezuela. Other thing is, there are people who don\`t see a bright future about the things happening around the world such as Chine-USA trade wars etc so they want to hedge themselves against these kinds of threads. There are variety of projects about Crypto and its future so I think it is also why it attracts new investors\` attention.
@_date: 2019-08-06 14:30:45
\`You cant do this to me Ben!\` Laughed so hard that one. Hunter got hunted in the hunting.  Satisfaction was at its best after reading this.
@_date: 2019-08-05 14:10:25
I think, usefulness of TA can be easily misunderstood. I believe, TA is useful but the thing is generally people always greedy. They use TA and gaining profit they aimed but most of them still waiting to gain more and the result is generally ended with a huge losses. After having losses people mostly putting the blame on other stuffs rather than themselves when  it actually happens because of their greediness. And only depending on TA is highly likely to lead people to losses because depending only the TA is not enough, people also need to understand whats happening around market and what people are talking, what are the news which basically means understanding the market well as whole. But still I think it will never be enough because we know that market is unpredictable especially crypto market. Understanding the market, being rational rather than emotional (that is where algorithmic trading can actually help), having enough experience and using TA  are good at reducing uncertainty. One thing is certain in markets, uncertainty will be always exist.
@_date: 2019-09-17 15:43:59
After the story I must say I am really sorry for the loss you had. Losing hard-earned money must be really tough. What is done is done. So I really wish you great hope and motivation to move on. From now on try to use cold storage it is a better way to protect yourself from hacks.
@_date: 2019-09-16 15:47:19
Absolutely! I don\`t get it.  I really got sick of this dire talk and it causes the business confidence down even conditions are not pointing a recession. I think that is the point where behavioural economy should be known by most of the people.