@_author: the-capitan
@_date: 2017-03-14 01:56:03
it's not one woman.  it's called AWALT for a reason.
every guy comes to redpill or mgtow because he's been treated like shit not by one woman, but by a series of women, to the point that he's looking for answers on how he's been so fucking wrong.  guys wouldn't stick around through all the hatred and bullshit we get for sitting in this camp, if it wasn't so blatantly true.
and i won't be a total shitbag... when orgs in the biz run stats (because this shit is actually collected for marketing, and i work in marketing), roughly 40% of women were not AWALT 30-40 years ago, and now &lt;10% of women are not AWALT now.  this is why the generational cohort marriage rate is in freefall.  men are catching on.  men are not fucking stupid.  90%+ of women are damaged beyond repair.  i don't mean they're not good enough for me.  i mean both sides of my family and my parents were married their entire lives, and these women nowadays are not good enough for marriage period.  
@_date: 2017-03-14 04:07:21


facts are facts man.  this shit is readily available in healthcare circles, and it's relied upon extensively in marketing circles (because it's actually profitable to do so).  you can ignore it all you want.  it's fact.
you can whine about misogyny all you want.  it's just facts.  and i make a shitload of money because of it because i work in marketing.  facts don't care whether you're offended, and neither does my profit.
@_date: 2017-03-14 02:42:06
the single largest predictor/delineation is her sexual partner count.  yeah, all women are shitbags if they run up their sexual partner count, but girls who don't run up their sexual partner count tend not to be shitbags.  with female sexual liberation, over 90% of women are shitbags.
and this isn't some redpill platitude.  the CDC has been doing studies on women's health for decades.  the  factor for divorce is the female's sexual partner count.  it's the lowest at 0, rapidly rises after that to 50% at 5, and practically guaranteed at 16+.  this is not PIV.  this is literally any sexual contact.  oh, and chronic depression and anxiety skyrockets with female sexual partner count too.  25% of women are on emotional disorder drugs... when you exclude people who have been in catastrophic accidents and war injuries, modern women are still using emotional disorder drugs over 10x the rate of men.
some feminists at UVA set out to disprove this, or at least prove that men are subject to the same circumstances (because the CDC budget never got coverage for investigating mens' health).   nope.  not only did their data confirm the CDC data on divorce and emotional disorders, they proved there's no statistical correlation between male sexual partner count and divorce or emotional disorders.
short version: men can fuck all the hoes and still settle down fine, but when it comes to women, you can't turn a hoe into a housewife... and almost all women nowadays meet the medical definition of a whore.  think i'm joking?  [marriage is dead](
@_date: 2017-08-04 01:44:13
the narrative is basically that he stopped wannacry because it was competing with malware that he allegedly runs.
@_date: 2017-08-30 23:59:05
depends on your age.  if you're &lt;40 with no kids and a good career, keep 1 year of expenses in a safe place, and then you can be aggressive as fuck with the rest.  the likelihood of becoming a millionaire from crypto growth *more* than outweighs the risk.  crypto will change the world.
@_date: 2017-09-12 10:24:59
businesses do not do this.  at the P&amp;L level, burn rates are calculated in days or weeks, not years.  most companies nowadays actually run very cash light, and in many industries floating as much as possible between payment terms.  here, you're talking about getting the employer to escrow 100k... the CFO would laugh at you if you suggested this.
@_date: 2017-06-11 20:30:33
you can also stop scraping with the cardboard roll.