@_author: thecursedspiral
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:20:13
Bitcoin is the object of financial speculation. Even media reporting can affect its value.
1 BTC always = 1 BTC, no central entity manipulates it, that's correct, but we care a lot about the exchange rates relative to USD or whatever our national currency is. That's where manipulators come in.
@_date: 2018-07-01 08:33:34
See, perhaps I'll be downvoted for this sort of thing, but this is the sort of news that gets me thinking that Bitcoin hasn't delivered, and I doubt ever will deliver, on the dream of "beating the system". It might change it somewhat, it might have to adjust, but I don't buy into the anarchocapitalistic utopic dreams of some.
Let's call it the "house", as in the saying "the house always wins". The "house" being international banking, oil companies, IMF, WTO, Davos Forum, US government, the CIA, corrupt politicians, whatever. The guys with money, and their henchmen. Some people dream Bitcoin can beat the system - beat "the house".
What I see here is it might help beat the Venezuelan government, and the wreck the Bolivar by contributing to the hyperinflation as people perceive the Bolivar as more and more worthless and try to park whatever money they can on USD black market, crypto, whatever. Crypto has the special property of its transactions being hard to track and you can't easily find out who is in possession of BTC and how much. It's like USD black market, but "superior" in some aspects.
Well, one thing I can say for sure is the Venezuelan govt. and the Bolivar are not the system, the system is actually their enemy and BTC here can only collaborate with it.
On the other hand before BTC would ever "save" people from the Dollar, and the international banking/financial system, or even the Chinese regime we would see any manner of drastic measures to protect the real powerful and these stronger institutions. Best case scenario for BTC "beating" the house, is the house just joining it and buying into cryptocurrency world for greater gains, corruption and fraud than we have ever seen.
It doesn't matter how much BTC you are HODLing, the house has taken note of cryptocurrency and we have shady characters manipulating it and profiting many times more. The world of cryptos is like a wild west, we have stuff like USDT in exchanges that is like, a dollar, but not a real dollar that can be redeemed with actual dollars and yet it has likely manipulated those markets massively. I am convinced crypto markets today are on par, or perhaps more shady and underregulated than the regular financial market, 95&amp; of things traded have no value (shitcoins), it's more casino than Wall Street.
So however smart we may think we are by buying / HODLing some BTC / investing small time in crypto, they will outsmart you and own it, as they always do.
But Venezuela? Heh, maybe it can "save" Venezuelans from Maduro by breaking their currency and making Venezuela a failed state. Way to go for the e-currency revolution.
As a disclaimer, this is not to detract from the tech itself which gets ever more impressive in my opinion. It always impresses me that bitcoin **works**, today, as actual money. The system works, and it was never hacked. It just feels so futuristic. But I just don't think blockchain tech alone will defeat the powerful.
I am personally more of a fan of next generation blockchain projects like ETH and their cousins though. If NEO in China promises to bring innovative computing to make the system more efficient and clean, and delivers on the promise, I think it's a win. I'm okay with it not being a "rebel" coin. I don't believe in "rebel" coin tearing down the status quo. It's more convenient than fiat sometimes personally but that's it for me.
So far I have seen no sign that crypto money is bringing the financial elites to their knees, ever. What I do see in news concerning Venezuela is it potentially collaborating with them to breaking a rebellious regime and putting the country back in line. When it breaks, they come in and profit, nothing new. New "democratic" regime comes in, takes massive loans from IMF, massive austerity measures to "fix" everything, privatize PDVSA and its oil for Exxon-Mobil / Shell / whoever, so on and so forth. Lots of profit to be had, and let's be honest, mostly in Dollars.
Banks will be fucking Venezuelans like never seen before in those lands.
@_date: 2018-07-02 00:24:58
Yeah, but even people who buy it to spend on stuff can't help but to be wary of exchange rate variations at this point.
The only way you could free yourself from that worry would be to aquire only just enough to spend short term.
People who spent much on bitcoin in late 2017 are probably very sad today, even if they bought it thinking of it as normal money instead of some super investment.