@_author: thecodebear
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:20:14
Bitcoin network is secure. Congestion of the bitcoin network is something else. Blockchains have serious scalability limits. Coinbase is the biggest bitcoin company in the world. They handle a large percentage of bitcoin transactions. So no nothing is wrong with the protocol, the natural bottleneck of blockchain is just showing its head. Coinbase can take steps to lessen their footprint on the network by a lot by batching transactions together and implementing segwit. They have said implementing segwit is a major goal starting this year so hopefully it'll happen in the next couple of months. No idea if they are going to implement batching, but they should.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:14:15
Segwit transactions are all on the bitcoin blockchain. You're confusing segwit with Lightning Network. From my understanding, segwit essentially has a different format for transactions which allows it to trick the blockchain in to allowing roughly twice as many transactions into a block by moving the segregated witness out of what is counted in the transaction size. Some details might be wrong (just trying to remember what I've previously read about segwit), but that is the essence of it. All the data is still there on the bitcoin blockchain, data is just moved around to make more transactions fit into each block.
Lightning Network is the thing you are describing, which is something that is made possible by segwit but is not segwit. Lightning Network is still in development and might be released by the end of this year.
@_date: 2018-01-12 19:25:16
Coinbase alone isn't causing network congestion. But since they are probably the largest entity making transactions they are adding more to network congestion than anyone else. So it is even more important for them to add segwit and transaction batching than anyone else. This alone won't solve the congestion problem, but with Bitcoin core releasing segwit integration this spring, and blockchain.info also working on segwit integration now, segwit adoption should skyrocket in the next half year and if online services like coinbase also implement batching of transactions we could start seeing room to spare in blocks by this summer (and therefore normal transaction times and fees go back under $1) - at least in the short term.
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:45:07
Yeah after trading BTC/altcoins back in 2013/2014 and failing miserably and then getting back into crypto this year and this Fall trading with altcoins again and at first making profit but then losing a ton of Bitcoin when altcoin market crashed in october I'm now just gonna take my coins off exchange whenever the rest of my trades sell (if they all ever do).
I'm switching over to BTC/USD trades just to make more USD. If you're trading BTC and just trying to make more USD there is literally zero risk since Bitcoin will always be going up so you know it's gonna sell at some point. Instead of having to minimize losses you can try to maximize gains. Just been doing if for a few days now but it's soooo much easier and less stressful that trading altcoins. I'm just doing 1% trades each time on GDAX limit orders so zero fee. If you just average 3% a day you can 100x your money in about 5 months. So that's what I'm working towards now (made about 13% so far in 5 days).
So I'm holding all my coins and just trading for more USD with just a tiny $300 I just put in. Once I 100x ($300 -&gt; $30k) hopefully by sometime next summer or fall I can just live off the daily USD profits at that point.
If you want to get into alts you should do lots of research and pick 5 to 10 you really believe in and just invest in them long term. Few people actually make money trading them as they can literally crash at any point.
@_date: 2017-12-11 22:05:53
haha love it!
@_date: 2017-12-04 16:54:14
hahaha loved it!
@_date: 2017-12-12 01:13:11
Not sure why you think you're aren't making money starting with $100. Sure it'll take a little while to start making good money, but if you start at $100 by the time you get to $1000 and are actually making a small but decent amount each day you should be pretty skilled. By the time you get to $10k you'll be very confident and making good money.
I myself just started trading on GDAX with $100 (finally decided to quit trading altcoins as I always ended up just losing a lot of Bitcoin doing that). Trading BTC/USD on GDAX using limit orders for no fees is guaranteed money. It's straight up easy. I know that Bitcoin is always going to be more in the future because its still early days for Bitcoin, so it is zero risk. Sure I've only made like $13 in 5 days, but I'm just practicing for a few weeks and then I'm going to start trading with $300. Within a few months I might be making $100 a day. Compounding interest! You make on average just a few percent a day and in half a year or so you can 100x your money. So OP, that means you take your $100 and make it $10,000.
That said you may as well at least start with a few hundred dollars. Maybe practice with a $100 for a couple weeks like I am. Get your timing down and learn when to buy and not to buy. Then maybe up your initial allotment to $500 and start making money! At first it'll be small but in a few months you should be making maybe $100 a day no problem.
@_date: 2017-12-11 13:04:15
I totally agree that Bitcoin should adopt a block size increase immediately so as to provide immediate relief to the scaling solution, so that fees and transactions times are still quick until LN gets implemented. It's absurd that Core hasn't done at least a 2x upgrade. And with LN getting tested on the mainnet for the first time a few days ago it's now possible that LN could come out in 2018 which I definitely didn't think would be the case before a few days ago...though like Segwit is taking a long time to get fully integrated into clients it may well be the LN comes out in 2018 but isn't used much until 2019. And of course this all relies on LN being successful, and while I do have some reservations about it I am pretty hopeful.
BCH 8 MB blocks are fine and all, but BCH itself was clearly just a straight up attempt to attack Bitcoin and take it over by replacing it. That is plainly obvious from what the lead figures of BCH as well as their followers constantly say. Nothing wrong with BCH itself, but it's intentions are clearly sinister in that the people in charge simply just want to control the dominant crypto by attacking Bitcoin in the hopes of their fork taking over and they therefore attaining mass power and wealth to control the dominant crypto.
BCH is a short term scaling solution. The fork happened because they didn't want Segwit and therefore don't want second layer solutions. I'm not sure why you say BCH would implement some form of second layer solution when the entire idea behind the fork was to not do that, if they did do that they'd be entirely giving up on the whole idea of BCH, and it still wouldn't make it compete with Bitcoin because Bitcoin is THE blockchain and if BCH is just the same thing but much less popular why would anyone use it?! On-chain is likely to either never scale to mass demand or the technology (network infrastructure being able to handle 1+ GB blocks) that would allow it is probably decades away, by which time the dominant coin(s) will have long since taken their places. This is why BCH has no future.
As soon as Bitcoin implements an effective second layer solution (and if LN is it this could happen in the next year) the entire purpose and statement of value for BCH gets ground down to dust. It's purely a short term strategy with no end game, no long term solution, its great for trying to trade with to make more BTC, but investing in it long term is a horrible idea compared to investing in cryptos that have actual long term prospects. Anyone who has bought into BCH and sells in the near term at a much higher price to make a lot more Bitcoin I give huge respect to, they made a very smart move. Anyone who invests in BCH long term and doesn't plan on getting out of BCH, especially instead of investing in BTC, I would say that is a horrible investment. You may still make money overall as perhaps BCH will still be used for trading years from now and so still have some market value, but compared to investing in a coin with a future you'll have lost a lot of money you could have made simply to support a coin that has only short term prospects.
While I don't agree at all with Core's decision to not do short term very needed on-chain scaling while waiting for the long term solution, they are clearly in the game for the long term and they know Bitcoin is the coin that needs to scale to mass use and that's what they are after (even though they're hurting bitcoin in the short term by refusing to address immediate problems).
Also your segwit analogy doesn't make sense. There's nothing about segwit that only some people can use it when its fully adopted. When its fully adopted in clients it will be what everyone uses, there's no barrier to use. The only problem is that it isn't fully implemented yet because apparently wallets are slow to upgrade.
Also the fad is not passing because Bitcoin is not a fad. And most people buy Bitcoin now as an investment, which can be seen even more now that Wall St has entered the game. There's nothing wrong with that, as a capped supply currency will naturally grow in value proportionally with its adoption. Even when scaling has been implemented, most people won't spend it very much until the market has matured which will take a few years likely. But people do spend it now and will continue to do more so, they just buy large ticket items now. When scaling is implemented use will go up some. Once the market matures and exponentially growth is over it'll start acting more like a currency rather than an investment. This will be a gradual thing, and it might take many years to reach Visa-like levels, but its not gonna take many years to outstrip what on-chain can effectively handle.
@_date: 2017-12-04 17:06:01
haha good point. While the hundreds upon hundreds of altcoins could very well end up like the dotcom bubble, where 99% of them vanish, Bitcoin will obviously stay around, and likely that money instead of leaving the market will just flow into Bitcoin, as it did in October when Bitcoin went from ~45% market share up to ~60%. I don't even think the altcoin market will pop in general, as there will be a handful of useful ones that provide something different from Bitcoin that take a lot of that market share along with Bitcoin from the hundreds of alts (including the Bitcoin forks) that no one cares about.
@_date: 2017-12-04 20:19:41
I actually agree with the big blocker here! Amazing to see a BCH supporter who isn't obsessed with attacking Bitcoin and spreading lies and trying to trick people. A rare good one you are SirEdCaLot!
Anyway I completely agree with you. Though you didn't mention that Segwit is like saying in your analogy "hey we just made the bus a double decker!".
The problem is that we don't need a double decker or another bus or even BCH's fleet of 8 buses in this analogy, we need 1000 - 10,000 buses. It is only possible to accomplish this, given humanity's near-term technology, with 2nd layer solutions. If Bitcoin (or some more advanced dominant public blockchain) is still around in 50 years who knows maybe by then we'll have computers/network-rates that can pass around multi-GB blocks along the network no problem, but with current tech on-chain simply can't scale. Schnorr will be a nice small optimization, but second layer solution is the only thing that will turn Bitcoin, or any blockchain, into a platform of mass use.
All that said, I do think it's ridiculous that Core hasn't increased the block size yet. I get that splitting the network is dangerous, but if they had gotten behind the 2x part of segwit2x I have no doubt we would have had a consensus on it and already have had 2x on Bitcoin now which would solve the immediate problem, with segwit adoption slowly increasing which will buy even more time.
The goal of bitcoin upgrades right now should be buying time until second layer solutions are ready. Easiest way is to turn that 1,000,000 into a 2,000,000 or maybe even 4,000,000 in the code. Let's be honest, if this were say a company where people's jobs were on the line, segwit and 2x would have both been implemented a while back. Bitcoin should never have to deal with long periods where fees are measured in dollars, but without any apparent intention of increasing block size by the Core team we're apparently gonna have high fees for at least the next year or so.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:47:26
There are literally no experts. Saying an expert said makes a specific prediction on Bitcoin's price is no different than saying a random person on the street made a prediction. It's a pure guessing game when it comes to specific predictions. Saying Bitcoin will be far more valuable in the next year or two is obvious given the fundamentals and history and advancements being made. But giving a specific price point and a specific time...there is nothing expert about that, its purely a guess.
Also it is very unlikely this will be true. Seeing as how Bitcoin failed to break $10k and is back in the $7000s as we approach mid-year it is much more likely that this recovery will take most of if not more than all of 2018. I'm not gonna make a specific prediction like these so called experts, but given what has been occurring with the price we'll probably see a slow gain the second half of the year, with lots of corrections. I wouldn't expect another bull run until at least sometime next year. 2019-2020 is the likely timeframe for the next bull run, which will obviously go a lot higher than $30k.
@_date: 2018-05-17 15:43:16
yeah I know about  and bitcoin.com because the scammer Ver owns those. Just seemed really weird that a reddit called btc was taken over by people who do nothing but attack btc and try to scam people into buying their altcoin instead of btc.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:19:27
you definitely are not understanding what he was saying.
He spent the past half year learning about things he wouldn't have otherwise. Buying Bitcoin was the catalyst for this learning. He wouldn't have learned about all this new stuff if he hadn't gotten into it. Period.
He never said you have to invest tons of money in it. He is saying if you buy bitcoin you might get really interested in it which might lead you to learning about a whole range of adjacent topics. Really don't understand why you're arguing his very simple and obvious point. 
@_date: 2018-05-17 23:01:39
At that point perhaps not. But that point is a long ways off. And I think by then people would probably just think of crypto like a savings account, but instead of getting 0.1% or whatever a year you get an actual decent amount of profit.
@_date: 2018-05-20 23:37:36
Litecoin has the same block size as Bitcoin, but has 2.5 minute blocks, so it can handle 4x the transactions that Bitcoin can handle. Those aren't crazy numbers. Bitcoin is very conservative in its transaction throughput in order to stay highly secure and decentralized. Litecoin is a legit decentralized coin, just has a bit more throughput than Bitcoin because of the shorter blocks.
In my above comment I'm talking about centralized coins, the ones that offer hundreds or thousands of transactions per second. The reason they can handle that much is because they are much more centralized. Litecoin is not centralized, so it can only do 4x what Bitcoin can do, so it is a legit decentralized coin.
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:05:29
I don't think Bitcoin is a left or a right thing. Like other people said, its a technology. I can see why libertarians like it obviously. But speaking from American politics, the left generally is for helping people in the most common socio-economic classes (poor, working class, middle class), while the right is for helping corporations and the wealthy over of everyone else and they are absolutely fervent in this preference.
Obviously Bitcoin's ideals of freeing people from the money systems goes against the right's ideals of keeping the average person trapped under the power of the rich and corporations. And the american right is against government spending money to help non-rich people, but they aren't for less government power, just against government used to help people.
All politicians are for more government power, afterall it is where they get their power. Both sides of the political spectrum are just as fearful of the power of fiat money being taken away from government/central banks. The right even especially likes to support the power of central banks over people as it falls in line with their ideology of corporations over people. But both sides I can see being against it because it weakens the power of the government and in general represents a major shift in power which can cause chaos in society until the shift is complete and things settle down.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:39:24
obvious fud article with clickbait title
@_date: 2018-05-29 19:20:37
not much of a worry.
Bitcoin barely scratched the surface of the mainstream at $20k.
Barely scratched the surface of institutional investors as well.
Hasn't even begun to scratch the surface with merchant adoption.
Barely scratched the surface with providing easy ways for people to buy Bitcoin (basically only Coinbase existed during the last run).
Barely scratched the surface of people even understanding what Bitcoin is and why it is revolutionary, most headlines just talk about it being a bubble so most people who have heard about it don't actually know anything about it and view it negatively (as a bubble).
The tech hadn't even started to become viable for its purpose when Bitcoin was near $20k. Lightning Network and other updates will be the first real foray for Bitcoin into actually being useful as a currency.
$20k was like planting the flag on medium sized mountain. It'll be a few years until Bitcoin can even think about going to the moon.
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:12:58
I agree with the last sentence, as he is totally calling out BCH there since their only reason for existing is to try to destroy bitcoin.
But at the same time the crypto community needs to stand up against scammers, BCH people are all scammers in their rhetoric. To be taken seriously as a community we need to rid the community of scammers like the BCH community. If BCH died and all their supporters fell silent that would be a huge win for crypto. They make everyone involved look bad.
But yes I do agree also at the same time BCH is like a bratty little kid and while you do need to put him in his place it's also good just to ignore him. But since they try to scam and trick new people entering crypto who don't know any better we do need to fight against that.
@_date: 2018-05-29 18:48:51
We bottomed out in early Feb and again in late-March/early-April. We just hit the bottom of the support trend line formed by those previous to bottoms (&lt;$6000, mid-$6000s, now $7000). We'll see if the $400 jump in price this morning is the bounce off of the bottom headed back to 8000s or if there is still bearish pressure to take another run at the ~$7000 support levels.
Personally I think the bears have now failed to break the rising support line and the price will shortly be back into the 8000s.
Right now I think the price trend is neutral. The support line since the beginning of the year has been rising but the resistance line for the same period has been falling. Probably in the next month we'll see either a push back to $10k to break the falling resistance line and signal a bullish outbreak (i think this is more likely) or we'll see another drop that crashes through the $7000 support and we could see another test of $6000.
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:31:49
Very strange sentiment. Since when did anything need to make something else to be valuable? OP is not saying it is the same thing as stock in companies, he's just saying it will attain the same level of expected long term growth one day once the market has fully matured. Assuming crypto and supply-capped coins are here for the long term then he is absolutely right.
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:02:33
He wasn't saying buying bitcoin made him knowledgeable about that stuff. Not sure why you think he said that. He was saying buying bitcoin got him interested in that stuff and so he learned about it and wouldn't have otherwise. Exact same thing with me. Pretty easy to understand what he was saying.
@_date: 2018-05-25 17:43:13
yeah absolutely.
i finally got my brother to buy Bitcoin in August a few hours before Bitcoin hit $4000 for the first time. After a while he got it and understood the potential. Was even telling other people about the potential. Then earlier this year during the crash he cashed out most of his BTC and ETH because he said it was too stressful during the crash, and he seemingly has no plan to get back in. I tried to explain to him the reward to risk ratio was hugely in his favor, where even if Bitcoin were to disappear (highly unlikely) he'd just lose a few thousand dollars (and he has a high paying job so in the long run a few thousand dollars is nothing to him), but if Bitcoin succeeds he could make 6 figures by just holding for a few years and forgetting about it. But in the end he turned out to be weak hands and sold due to emotions during a crash.
I even told him how I did the same thing the last crash (bought a bunch of bitcoin in late 2013 and 2014, but eventually sold it all in 2015 for a big loss cuz I figured Bitcoin wasn't gonna ever succeed), and then come spring and summer of last year I'm kicking myself for not just holding as I try to frantically buy as much crypto as possible last year.
@_date: 2018-05-29 22:32:54
Your defense of the reasons in the article fail as much as the reasons themselves.
Your Reason 1: He directly states that more cryptocurrencies will drive down the price of Bitcoin. As we have all seen that is completely false. Last year many hundreds of altcoins were created as Bitcoin boomed. It isn't a closed market. There's not a fixed amount of dollars. Bitcoin losing market share is an expected effect of the market expanding far beyond Bitcoin's purpose of payment. Altcoins are spreading into all sorts of other niches and bringing in new money. Bitcoin can expand as its share of the crypto marketcap shrinks since the entire space is simply expanding more rapidly, not competing for the same dollars, but competing for lots of new dollars, as we saw all of last year. The whole market expanded together.
Your Reason 2: what does that have to do with Bitcoin being a far better investment vehicle than making a couple percent from interest rates? Absolutely nothing is the answer.
Your Reason 3: I never said that if ICOs collapsed that money would flow into Bitcoin, though certainly some of it would. All I said is that that would crash the Ethereum market, not Bitcoin's market. If anything an ICO collapse might actually add to Bitcoin's market because some of that money would certainly flow into Bitcoin (as well as other altcoins), just as people are always shifting their money between Bitcoin and altcoins in order to make more money.
You Reason 5: Obviously people who go to the bitcoin reddit board are going to be bulls haha. Why would people who think it is going to fail be on its reddit forum (outside of trolls with nothing better to do)? So this proves absolutely nothing. Just like how he is judging bulls vs bears by going to a crypto conference where obviously most people are going to be bulls otherwise they wouldn't be attending. Again, reason 5 is completely without merit.
As I in my first comment, there is nothing in that article that suggests $20k was the top. I would imagine the author started paying attention to Bitcoin last year and has no historical perspective on bitcoin's booms and busts.
@_date: 2018-05-30 21:21:57
Because that isn't what he said. I already explained what he said. You're apparently just refusing to read it. And yet you're getting angry just so you can call him stupid. Hence, you = angry person.
Goodbye angry person.
@_date: 2018-05-31 01:09:27
Well it was a bubble half a year ago. It's not a bubble right now. Right now its at its bottom support levels, the exact opposite of a bubble.
@_date: 2018-05-17 22:58:47
He isn't forecasting anything. Do you even know how Bitcoin's supply works?
@_date: 2018-05-30 20:50:03
Okay, well you seem to just be an angry person. What he said makes perfect sense and you are twisting what he said in order to call him stupid. No point in arguing his points when you clearly don't understand what he is saying.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:41:59
Futures are entirely irrelevant. It's just betting on Bitcoin's price instead of actually investing. You know how Warren Buffett is a fan of saying investing in Bitcoin is not actual investing its just gambling. Well that is wrong, but that is a correct description of futures - betting on the price of something without actually investing in the thing itself. It does nothing to support Bitcoin or the price of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-18 12:47:33
except not what you said so whats your point
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:28:28
It will increase because of supply and demand. It's not like when the market has matured suddenly no one else will buy bitcoin. As the population expands demand will go up slowly, supply will stay the same. Add to that I'm sure occasionally people will die unexpectedly with nobody knowing their private keys and those coins will be lost, thus reducing supply. The very nature of Bitcoin's supply structure absolutely makes it an investment vehicle. As long as it's adoption increases or stays the same, and the population increases, the price will be going up.
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:11:52
Last time it took a uniquely long time because Mt Gox, which basically controlled the bitcoin market, collapsed. The only equivalent thing now would be like if Coinbase collapsed from a massive hack.
From all accounts institutional investors are planning on dipping their toes into Bitcoin this year. I could see it taking a year and a half to get back to $20k and start another boom (so about a year from now), but it's not gonna be three years like last time. Bitcoin is too well known now, institutional investors are getting interested, the technology for payments (LN) is finally here and a year from now will probably be usable by regular people. Merchant adoption will slowly increase with the LN. That $20k peak will absolutely look like the $1000 peak does now eventually. That will probably happen in the one to two year timeframe. Could very well hit $100k by the halving two years from now.
@_date: 2018-05-18 20:46:03
Yeah I think the brief dip into the 7900s is probably the lowest it'll ever get unless there is another dip in the next few days. No way it'll get to 6000s again. It already did twice at the height of the crash. We are well past that time now.
@_date: 2018-05-20 13:47:16
So to send segwit transactions your address needs to be a segwit address is that right? If so then maybe that person in that thread had those coins in there since before Coinbase switched to segwit. Coinbase did fully implement Segwit way back in the beginning of March, but probably only new address generated by them are segwit.
@_date: 2018-05-20 14:20:03
I wouldn't say everything else is a joke. But yea any coins that offer wayyyy more tx processing throughput than Bitcoin are centralized which means they are crap. Some legit coins offer a few times more throughput, like Litecoin. But if we're talking mass adoption every single decentralized crypto would fail spectacularly once it even hit a tiny tiny bit of global usage as a currency. That's why 2nd layer solutions are the only way to make crypto something more than a store of value. Which is why segwit is important. Segwit's small scaling factor is nice and all but what makes it 1000x more important is that is allows secure 2nd layer tech to be built.
@_date: 2018-05-17 18:37:17
Yeah banking doesn't actually work this way. They make their services free mostly. But the flip side is they loan out 90% of the money we give them. Meaning when things go wrong you can have a run on the banks and they literally don't have your money.
@_date: 2018-05-30 13:36:46
You really don't understand the economics of it do you. And I already addressed demand in my last comment.
Not sure why you are still trying to defend an article that made zero good points.
Anyway I won't bother responding to you again since you seem to not be very informed about the basics of the economics surrounding Bitcoin and you keep arguing bad points.
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:03:07
i don't know how long it'll take to pass $20k, I'm guessing it might take a year from now. But yeah mocking someone who bought in at the top but stands to make tons of money in the years to come is a bit silly.
@_date: 2018-05-30 03:13:54
You realize that due to a capped supply adoption leads directly to price increase right? Bitcoin's usage on a global scale is essentially non-existent right now. That is why the price will increase. Bitcoin has barely even begun to achieve its purpose. $50k, $100k, those are stepping stones on the way to mass adoption. The current price isn't that much different than $200 from three years ago when compared to what the price will be if bitcoin actually succeeds. So no Bitcoin is not already a huge success (at least in terms of its purpose of being a global borderless payment system), it's still in its early stages. The reason people think $50k, $100k, and much higher are inevitable is because if Bitcoin actually succeeds then $50k is nothing. Success means adoption, adoption on a global scale means Bitcoin goes into the hundred of thousands of dollars. It ain't wishful thinking, it's just basic logic.
Now sure if Bitcoin doesn't ever catch on as a payment method and people stop thinking its the future of money then it may never hit those high prices, but as of now it is still very much on its journey (and still in the opening stages of that journey) and adoption continues to build exponentially over the long term so as of right now there is no reason to look at $20k any different than $1000 was or $200 was.
@_date: 2018-05-29 19:12:22
I don't see anything in that article that suggests $20k was the forever top.
The article's Reason 1 makes the time honored mistake of equating crypto coin supply with Bitcoin supply. The former has nothing to do with the later.
Reason 2: interest rates are nothing compared to crypto profits. The difference between low interest rates and high interest rates is 100% negligible compared to Bitcoin profits.
Reason 3: If the ICO market implodes that will crash Ethereum, not Bitcoin. In fact a big reason why Bitcoin's share of the whole crypto market has gone down is because of the rise of the ICO. If ICO's were to go away Bitcoin's market share would rise dramatically back to well over 50%.
Reason 4: Doesn't really make any sense at all as we've seen the bears in charge for most of this year so far. His argument is that at a crypto conference there are too many bullls....duhhh, why would bears show up to a conference on a topic they don't believe in?! Also he mentions is skepticism about blockchain taking over a lot of stuff, but the article is about bitcoin specifically so this has nothing to do with the article.
Reason 5: The price chart is bearish....right because that has never happened before after a bitcoin bubble...
Basically this guy gave zero reasons why Bitcoin may never see $20k again.
@_date: 2018-05-31 23:44:40
umm, it's market cap is the exact same thing as any companies, simply people putting their money into it. It's neither more nor less real that any company's market cap. Methinks you don't know what market cap means.
Though comparing Bitcoin's market cap to a company's is absurd because bitcoin is an asset class / currency. It will far outstrip the market cap of any company on the planet in the years to come. The market cap of gold is what Bitcoin should be compared to. These are early days for the BTC.
@_date: 2018-05-20 23:53:28
No. Last year Consensus happened to take place during a 6 week Bitcoin pump. Bitcoin didn't go up 70% because of Consensus, it went up 70% because it was already pumping.
And Bitcoin Futures has absolutely nothing to do with the price going down during Consensus this year. Bitcoin was in the middle of correcting from $10k resistance down to $8k support and Consensus happened to occur during that.
I don't think there is any real reason that a Bitcoin conference would suddenly launch the price unless some groundbreaking news was revealed during it like really positive regulations or technical advancements of institutional investors saying they are gonna start buying Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-05-31 23:36:36
I think LN will bring about the actual spending of Bitcoin. But remember hardly anyone accepts Bitcoin still. In a couple years LN might grow enough so that you can by basic things with Bitcoin if you make an effort.
Also the price of Bitcoin is down now. So unless you receive your salary in Bitcoin or use Bitcoin for the most part as your bank account this really is not a good time to spend it. When bitcoin is booming is when you want to spend it, not when it is worth less.
When Bitcoin hits $100k and LN has a decent network (2-3 years maybe) then I could see myself actually using Bitcoin as a currency through the LN. Though I hardly ever by things online. So it would really depend on if brick and mortar merchants have LN payment option available. At the very least any place that takes Square payments will have it so by then you should definitely be able to spend Bitcoin at a decent number of brick and mortar stores.
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:51:21
wow i'd heard about him quitting an interview over it being called Bcash but I had never actually seen the interview. That video confirms everything I think of Ver haha. What a freakin' loser!
@_date: 2018-05-20 21:59:31
Well, I'd say 2017 the focus was Bitcoin and ICOs. Sure private companies are focused on the "blockchain, not bitcoin" because they are building their own centralized blockchains. They have no interest in the public bitcoin new money paradigm. They're just using blockchain to remove costs and add efficiencies to their companies, but they have nothing to do with decentralized public blockchains.
The 2018 focus will continue to be on Bitcoin and ICOs and also institutional investors and regulations, with the main narrative of 2018 being about rebounding from the crash.
Looking further ahead, 2019 will probably be on the applicability of LN and Bitcoin's role as a payment platform rather than just a speculation investment platform. And of course there's a good chance we'll see another boom in 2019 so it will once again be about Bitcoin's price surge.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:33:11
Coinbase hasn't implemented batching yet. They are working on it though. I thought they had as well, a couple months ago, but apparently they haven't yet. So when they do that'll free up a good amount more space in the blocks.
@_date: 2018-05-25 13:38:28
Well yea obviously long term is extremely bullish. People who think Bitcoin is gonna disappear every time it's in a bear market have zero long term outlook, they literally can't see past what is happening right at the given moment. Two years from now the current adoption is gonna look like nothing.
@_date: 2018-05-29 22:34:41
It didn't follow the markets, Bitcoin had already been crashing for a month and a half by the time the traditional markets happened to start crashing. To say they were in any way related is a laaarge stretch.
@_date: 2018-05-30 19:49:15
Do you really think most investors (retail investors) know anything meaningful about economics and markets?? They don't. People just want to grow their money and they listen to the advice of people who do know about that stuff.
@_date: 2018-05-21 16:38:18
It is a little bit that segwit adoption increased from ~10% to ~30%. It is a bit from some popular Bitcoin services implementing batching (though even Coinbase hasn't done this yet). But it is mostly from a lot less usage of the bitcoin network since the crash occurred.
Yes when prices start ramping back up transactions will ramp up as well and the mempool will eventually fill up more. But Segwit and batching will allow a much higher level of user interaction with Bitcoin without making the mempool go crazy compared to 2017. Also by that time LN will probably be accounting for a small amount of BTC txs so that will help out too.
@_date: 2018-05-29 13:47:43
yeah 7000 is pretty much right at the rising support trend line that has been forming since 4 months ago. So it's not surprising if Bitcoin doesn't go below 7000. After attempting low 7000s twice now and failing to go lower I think we've seen a double bottom and could see 8000 by the weekend. Just my guess.
@_date: 2018-05-17 15:47:14
Yeah agreed that people save for retirement by assuming something around 7% growth. When Bitcoin matures and has much less volatility I'm sure it will be the same. Eventually when Bitcoin gets well into the trillions it'll probably also have a similar growth rate as well.
@_date: 2018-05-20 22:16:47
First saw it at around $800 in November 2013 when a coworker told me about it. Lowest was whatever the low during 2015 was...$200? Too bad I sold during that time as I thought the gig was up, instead I should have HODLed and been buying during those down years :(
@_date: 2018-05-30 19:46:34
So your first argument in the previous comment was that people are retarded if they didn't perfect predict the future, and didn't know exactly when different investments would go up and ride each one, switching between them perfectly to make the most money.
Now you're saying it's impossible to tell the future and for some reason you are comparing Bitcoin to some random company. I have no idea what you're going for. But needless to say, as with any investment, people should invest in Bitcoin if they believe in the technology's ability to succeed, because if it succeeds $20k is absolutely nothing in the long run.
Your comments seem to suggest that you actually think people buying at the top knew they were buying at the top (they can perfectly predict the future) but did so anyway instead of waiting for it to drop (they're retarded), and then afterwards they lose their ability to see the future so now they should be left in an emotional mess comparing their current investment to random other investments from 20 years ago since they suddenly lost their ability to see the future.
Yea I don't think I need to respond to you again consider that is the gist of your comments.
@_date: 2018-05-23 14:21:35
Said another way: Democrats want to help people.
And forcibly reallocating capital...that's called taxes, and without them governments don't exist. No Democrats, no republicans, no military, no laws, no democracy, no rights, no a lot of things you take for granted without as you say "forcibly reallocating capital".
The article is referencing how Republicans, as i said in my previous comment, have immediately forgotten the very hard learned lessons that collapsed the economy in order to push their agenda of simple minded, short-sighted greed. No reason to talk about democrats in your comment, other than to try to ignore the truth and blame someone else (granted republican excel at this so your comment isn't surprising).
@_date: 2018-05-30 16:01:54
yeah if only everyone has a crystal ball into the future and could know exactly when a bitcoin top is in and know which stocks will have great growth for the next few years and know exactly when to get out of them and back into bitcoin just before a boom. yes if only instead of hindsight people could predict the future, then yes what you said would be valid.
@_date: 2018-05-29 13:54:56
I think this definitely needs to be added before LN is out of beta. I had been wondering what happens if the machine you are running your node on dies..I guess now I know, you lose your tx history for that node and I guess are at risk of losing all your funds. I don't think I would use LN without this upgrade so hopefully it gets included relatively soon.
@_date: 2018-05-19 17:11:48
Why would anyone use a specific coin like amazon coin. Do you think people are gonna have a different coin for each business they frequent haha. That's absurd. Bitcoin is the only coin that exists right now that has any chance of mainstream adoption. And sorry to tell you, but no other coin scales on chain either. Second layer solutions are the only solution for mainstream use outside of a revolutionary advancement in the technology that somehow makes on chain transactions scalable. Having a few more txs per second than Bitcoin doesn't make a difference. And any current coin that claims to do hundreds of txs per second is centralized and that is why they are able to do that, thus defeating the entire purpose of crypto.
So yes there is a good chance we'll be paying with some form of crypto in 10 years time, and it will most likely be BTC, meanwhile 99% of the other coins that exist today won't still exist.
@_date: 2018-05-21 01:49:09
Well first of all Consensus is in May, not March. Not sure why you keep saying March. Maybe you weren't around a year ago, but Bitcoin 's 2017 exponential rise started basically May 1st, with the first big pump going from beginning of May until about June 10th. Obviously that has nothing to do with a conference that occurred for three days, three weeks after the pump started. And I think most people would agree it was the result of Japan recognizing Bitcoin as legal tender the previous month.
Not sure what the who was pumping bitcoin question is all about. Obviously a lot of new money was coming in as a result of Bitcoin gaining legal tender status in a major developed nation and therefore bringing a lot of attention to it.
What I said was not conjecture nor mindless. It's just the facts. Perhaps you are very new to Bitcoin and don't have any idea what was going on a year ago, but that is no reason to act like an angry child in your reply.
@_date: 2018-05-26 11:11:45
they all will be. everybody loves making money without doing anything.
@_date: 2018-05-23 06:00:14
yup, took less than a decade for an entire political party to forget the lessons of the recession. Republicans will burn the economy to the ground if it means giving corporations more power.
@_date: 2019-03-23 02:55:32
So I read an article that explained a few bits about how they decided what was fake and what was real volume...and its clear they went into this with a goal of showing that pretty much only regulated exchanges have real volume in order to tell the SEC that bitcoin is highly regulated, and what do you know those are the exact results they created!
For example they decided that people don't trade large amounts so large trades are likely fake. They also decided that people only trade even amounts of bitcoin, not amounts with a bunch of decimal places so those are likely fake. Basically they decided that bot trading is fake as well as most manual human trading, so yeah when you do that its easy to say 95% of the volume is fake. 
It seems clear that some more obscure exchanges fake a bunch of volume in order to appear more important, but the vast majority of volume is real.
Put this report in the same folder as the one that said the 2013 boom was the result of one person or just a few people, and the report that said the 2017 boom was again the result of a small number of people...FAKE.
Basically its a lot more likely 95% of this report is fake than it is that 95% of volume is fake.
@_date: 2017-08-10 17:22:14
anywhere from $30k to $100k in 2021. I'd guess around $50k
@_date: 2018-06-02 13:27:51
For Bitcoin I don't know if I'd say mainstream. If the LN is ready for mainstream usage by early next year then maybe we could say 2019 is the year when Bitcoin starts actually being used as a currency (at least a little bit).
Altcoins no. 99%+ of altcoins will always be simply for speculation. Really the best altcoins will probably be for specific applications like Kin and Steem that are able to exist in their own self controlled niche, along with a few that introduce new paradigms like Storj for example (not saying specifically Storj but just saying coins that offer the same service as existing tech but in a decentralized manner). And then of course the dapp platforms alts might try to compete with Ethereum.
Basically there will likely in the end be Bitcoin for money, a single smart contract platform (likely Ethereum but maybe not), some small niche application-specific alts that simply fill their tiny application-niche, and maybe a few alts that succeed in offering decentralized services to compete with existing centralized services like, for example, decentralized storage network.
So altcoins no, Bitcoin 2019 will probably be the start of mainstream, "going mainstream" will probably take place over like 5 years as merchants and then users slowly build up the LN.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:27:06
umm no.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:38:10
I do find it funny that the LN, a brand new technology in beta that isn't even close to ready to be used by non-technical people, already has more nodes than BCH does.
But hey not too surprising. Anyone who understands crypto gets that BCH has no purpose. It's a centralized, paltry used, worse version of THE crypto, plus BCH's whole community is crazy toxic.
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:03:59
who says these are troubled times?
@_date: 2018-06-07 05:42:26
The tweet is in no way saying there are 3.5 million transaction occurring each second. I'm sure there's probably well less than 1 tx/sec occurring right now. He was just making a rough estimate as to how many transactions could occur given some very specific circumstances and the figure of about 500 tx/sec being handled by each node and with some amount of channels open. All we need to know is that each node can route about 500 tx/sec and as the network grows the maximum amount of txs possible grows in accordance with how distributed the network topology is. There isn't much use in actually trying to calculate how many txs the network can handle because it depends on the topology of the network at any given time as well as routes of the payments as well. All that matter is that LN will be able to handle many times what VISA can handle.
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:11:50
Except if you actually are a responsible gun owner you have your gun locked in a safe and your bullets locked in another safe. So your "pistol in your hand in under a second" is more like "fumbling around in the dark for 5 minutes to get ready". not really gonna work.
@_date: 2018-06-04 11:58:23
So while I could care less about this guy's own version of LN, the article did teach me something new about how LN works. I had no idea it worked on this inward capacity concept as he calls it. I didn't realize that funds are totally stuck in their payment channel and not just accessible to the node as a whole, which means a routing node can have plenty of bitcoin in it but on its end of some of its channels it could be empty and therefore not be able to send any bitcoin through those channels (at least not until it has an incoming route in that channel to resupply its end of the channel).
But I think this makes me understand what I read recently about there being routing nodes, gateway nodes, and end user nodes. It seems there will be a central decentralized spine of the network containing always-online routing nodes which should stay fairly consistently balanced due to the fact that each of their channels is constantly not just sending bitcoin but receiving it as well, so bitcoin is basically just being passed back and forth on each individual channel between these routing nodes. And generally routing nodes probably won't need to rebalance their channels at all because they will be rebalanced simply by the fact that they are constantly taking in (as well as pushing out) payments to route.
Then gateway nodes would be the nodes that connect to some routing nodes but also connect to lots of end users. End users will basically just open up channels with gateway nodes. So maybe a gateway node has 1000 end user channels and a dozen routing node channels. And it too will rebalance itself for the most part by routing payments from end users and to end users.
End users will be non-routing nodes and will just have several channels connected to different gateway channels. Most of them will just be sending payments, so the capacity of their channels will end up all on the gateway's channels side, though with splicing eventually added to LN end users can refund their existing channels. And if LN and BTC becomes widespread and some people start getting their paychecks over the LN, then that would rebalance end users' channels for them.
So really what the OP wrote in his article isn't much a problem as it for the most part will be solved simply by the dynamics of the network. But even when things become unbalanced a routing or gateway node can just make a transaction from its own well supplied payment channels to any zero or low funded side of its other payment channels to keep all its channels available for routing out payments.
The only real problem I see is the LN doesn't work well for end users (people or merchants) who mostly just receive money and don't spend it, because you are limited in how much money you can have on your node by the capacity of all your payment channels. So if you make 5 payment channels but you do the entirety of the funding, you literally can't receive any payments until you send some payments, and you can never hold more bitcoin than you initially put in without putting in more. Even with dual funded channels still you are limited by the total capacity of what you put in plus what the other end of all your channels put in. But I guess that's just the essence of how the network works, it's not built for receivers-only, it's built for nodes that will be sending and receiving, or just sending and being restocked from on-chain txs occasionally. Your balance will always be between zero and the sum of your payment channels' capacity. In order to keep taking money in you have to be using the LN to make payments as well.
@_date: 2018-06-06 13:43:01
Bitcoin replaces banks. Banks have savings accounts. I don't think you understand bitcoin. Or you're just trying to be sassy.
@_date: 2018-06-05 12:33:08
The crash already followed the pattern of previous crashes. There has never been a double crash where bitcoin fell by well over 50% and then did it again before recovering. Simply pure FUD by a bankster.
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:38:53
Yeah exactly.
People only save it was obvious in hindsight. They could have said the same thing when it failed to break $5k at beginning of Sept ya know, oh obviously it was gonna crash and then you just wait till it crashes down to like $1k and then buy, its all obvious, except it only went to $3k and then went to almost $20k 3 months later. There is no way to know when was the time to get out of the market for the next year or when is the time to hold for the next year or when is the time to get out for a few weeks but then get back in for the next month or year or whatever. It's all only obvious in highdsight.
Like I figured it was gonna crash in late december, but then I thought by end of January it'd be over $20k and moving up again and continue moving up in the Spring, so I didn't bother selling any. I figured it'd be like the June and Sept crashes and not like the major long lasting crashes from the earlier days of bitcoin. You can never tell the future.
@_date: 2018-06-03 14:42:35
yeah i'm not saying watchtowers can be avoided. It just sucks that this is the case due to the limitations of the LN.
We'll just have to wait and see how watchtowers actually operate and if they are completely reliable and how much they cost. If they are 100% reliable and super cheap like a penny a day or something like I said, then that'll be acceptable. I'll be interested in hearing about the technical details of how they will actually work. Like will they store the tx history for each payment channel for each node they listen to? And when they see the other node in the channel closes the channel what power do they have? A node needs to sign the channel closing within the given timelock and include the current state right, but a watchtower wouldn't be able to sign for the node, so what would the watchtower actually be able to do?
@_date: 2018-06-07 20:06:36
I'm surprised that one person is saying its a buzzword. I've literally only seen the term once other than last night while googling it to remember more clearly what I had read about it last year the only time I'd ever seen the word before. Doesn't seem like much of a buzzword since there isn't actually any buzz around it. I went ahead and described what it means (at least what I've read it means - it appears the term has been mis-used and actually has to do with something entirely different as BobAlison mentions below) precisely because its the opposite of a buzzword and I figured very few people would have ever heard of it before.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:17:03
Tell that to America! ha!
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:44:24
"I also think in terms of market saturation there are not many "new" faces to win over at this point. I just think you are banking on a lot and it's sad that bitcoin is gonna kill a lot of dreams"...you probably would have said this exact same thing a year ago or two years ago. The entire history of Bitcoin has proven assumptions like yours wrong time and time again. With still only a tiny percentage of the population having bought Bitcoin, or understanding what bitcoin is, or even having heard of bitcoin, there is still an ocean out their to conquer - bitcoin just left site of the shore last year is all.
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:00:13
Someone better now launch quiddity coin, unofficially sponsored by Harry Potter himself! The base amount instead of satoshis will be snitches. Instead of wallet you can have wands.
@_date: 2018-06-20 06:08:41
Seems like you've got some serious problems then.
@_date: 2018-06-19 13:18:54
Exactly. Great to put things into perspective compared to traditional investments. Going up from $6700 to $7000 is NOTHING in Bitcoin, and crashes are temporary.
@_date: 2018-06-20 13:53:27
Lightning Network. Only layer 2 options can handle mass scale usage.
@_date: 2018-06-04 14:04:26
Well Bitcoin is already heading up from its support line around $7000. It hit 10% the past few days, now has corrected a little, but the rally will likely continue for a couple more weeks until it runs into resistance again. With it correcting this morning the 6th in two days will probably be an up day. But I don't subscribe to any supernatural pumping abilities of the 6th day of the month ;)
@_date: 2018-06-04 13:01:16
Right. That's for a merchant, who is an end user. This isn't a problem for routing nodes. It's only a problem for end user merchants who only want to receive Bitcoin and don't want to also use the network to pay for things. Yes this is a real limitation that any node can only have as much funds as they and their channel partners put in, so if they have the entirety of those funds they can't receive any more.
I could see a way around this in the current LN setup though if regular people end users open up some of their channels not just with routing/gateway nodes but also with merchants they frequent. So that merchants becomes hubs of the end user space, with merchants having many other end users connect to them, and then the merchant itself connects to some gateway nodes. Since regular users are mostly going to be consumers, this means they will be constantly adding capacity to these merchants' channel capacities, meaning the merchants can take in more and more payments through them. Still not a perfect solution but it helps this particular use case for merchants.
I think it is likely that the network does evolve in this fashion, because in the early days whenever a new merchant comes on to the LN end users will open up direct channels with it to grow the network. So likely eventually there will be the central routing nodes part of the network, then a perimeter of gateway nodes connecting them to the end users, but the end user network itself will probably be hub and spoke in which merchants are hubs and end users are connected to both these end user merchant hubs as well as gateway nodes.
It's hard to know for sure, not saying this is definitely the answer, but this kind of network setup which I think will come about organically will somewhat solve the problem. And when the network is large enough (if it ever becomes globally used by mass market) then merchants will be incentivized to make payment over the LN anyway because it's faster, cheaper, and more secure than payments through the traditional financial system. When that happens this problem of receiver-only users is even far less of a problem.
Certainly perhaps you are right though and at some point this will need to be addressed in some specific manner with a tech upgrade.
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:12:43
yes very good point. Bitcoin may be a revolutionary technology, but without its store of value properties (from its capped supply) the mass market would never bother with it because it is a decentralized leaderless tech, there is no company pushing its adoption by selling a product with it. Store of value (aka get rich quick scheme) is how to get the mass market interested and buying it. Then once you've got them into it boom you hit them with LN and merchant adoption and a a usable built out ecosystem and that is when it becomes a useful medium of exchange.
@_date: 2018-06-19 13:24:21
stay away from bitcoin.com. It's run by an anti-bitcoin scammer.
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:43:54
So your argument that it's not durable is that it hasn't spread to mass usage yet? Come on, you can't be serious! If you're gonna try to defend a point of view your argument should at last make a tiny bit of sense.
And why would your coins be lost if you left them for 30 years? You coins are only lost if you lose your private key. You're mistaking "losing" for "durability". They are not the same thing. Your coins can sit in your bitcoin address for infinite time and they will stay there for as long as the network is running.
Are there a lot more reason? Because you just gave zero reasons. So yes, obviously I still rate it an A+.
@_date: 2018-06-01 15:38:00
Having to be online to receive payments does kinda suck. My only thought would be that the LN app you use would tell you if someone is offline, and queue up that payment to be sent out when they get back online (assuming of course that the sender is online at that time as well). I don't know if it can just test the routes for free periodically. I'm not sure what the capability is for say like having a list of friends and seeing who is offline and online, if that's possible then this queue to send later would work.
But definitely having to be online to receive is less than ideal. Though if its say a mobile app and can just run the node in the background all the time, and use only a tiny amount of power, then even on mobile most people will be online a lot of the time so that would lessen this as a burden to usage.
@_date: 2018-06-04 04:24:10
hahaha yes so true!
@_date: 2018-06-04 14:09:42
Yeah whales are probably happy with just like a few hundred dollar Bitcoin swings when they are trading with a few hundred thousand dollars at a time. Let the price swing a bit, make a big buy one day, make a big sell a week later, try to knock the price down and make enough for an ordinary person to live a year off of, all in one trade on like a weekly basis. Until hype comes back whales will try to keep the price down and volatility up. It's easier to move a smaller market. Of course when excitement comes back in whale money is nothing compared to the money of hundreds of thousand of people bringing new money in to the market.
@_date: 2018-06-05 12:42:49
Well by some point in January it became clear this was a full on crash not just a correction. A crash doesn't end in just a few months. You should fully expect it to take a year before things heat up again and Bitcoin starts booming again. But the good news is we've likely seen the bottom of the market already, and in general we should see slow growth the rest of this year and by the Fall I see no reason why the price won't be solidly above $10k.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:41:23
It wasn't just because the market wasn't ready for them. Bitcoin/Blockchain solved problems that no digital currency had solved before.
@_date: 2018-06-29 02:16:41
no because the amount of money it blockchain transactions has nothing to do with the fee. He could have sent 20 cents or $20 billion, as long as the size of data is the same it would have been 4 cents. Saying someone moved a ton of money for such a low fee is really just to show how much better Bitcoin is than legacy systems. To move that kind of money through the financial industry would cost a lot more and probably take weeks.
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:18:03
It IS happening already. Why wasn't everybody using the internet in 1993? Why didn't everyone have smart phones in 2008? Why didn't facebook have 2 billion users ten years ago? I think simply listing questions similar to yours is enough to settle that.
You're still not understanding the difference between "losing" and "durability". Breaking the encryption doesn't destroy bitcoins, just as someone breaking into a bank vault doesn't destroy gold. Durability is not about losing or having your currency/asset stolen. Durability is about can that currency be destroyed. Physical money: incredibly easy to destroy. Gold: essentially impossible to destroy by human means. Bitcoin: you can only destroy it if every single person stops mining and you destroy the data in every single miner and node. I give that an resounding A+ for durability!
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:18:43
haha wow are you serious? I find that viewpoint totally bizarre. Not sure how anyone could ever seriously come to that conclusion. Obviously it will recover. There is zero question about that. It's a lot more than a name, but speaking of its name, when it comes to crypto, Bitcoin is the only name that matters. It is THE brandname of crypto. Literally the entire market moves up and down with bitcoin (and sometimes opposite). The whole market is correlated with Bitcoin's movements. Not sure why you think any other coin beats it. I would say literally zero other coins beat it. You think the BTC ship is long gone when only half a year ago it was exploding in value? haha.
I can only assume you are either a troll or you just got into crypto in the past year and don't realize what's happening now is completely normal behavior for bitcoin.
Hmm okay I spent far too many words responding to such an absurd question haha
@_date: 2018-06-09 12:40:47
Yeah I think the list is pretty good, though Bitcoin should be listed with A+ durability. Losing your private key or getting hacked is not a lack of durability. Lose-ability is something else entirely and does not encompass durability.
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:09:24
ummm no. If you are doing a transaction in person then sure. But if you're just trying to send someone money that isn't at all how it will work. You want to send some money to someone but oh they aren't online now, can't send them anything. And on-chain txs are eventually only going to be for large amounts of money being moved or occasionally when someone is moving funds to a different wallet. That's the whole point of the LN, the blockchain would be clogged to high hell without it. Even with it, eventually the blockchain is gonna be totally clogged just from channel openings/closings.
@_date: 2018-06-19 01:13:43
HODLing. It is very obvious in a few years we'll look back at $20k like we now look at Bitcoin when it was $1000. They were both just stepping stones. $20k doesn't even scratch the surface of invested money. The price starts to get interesting when it enters 6 digits.
@_date: 2018-06-02 19:06:34
?? just answering the question
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:53:48
I think a decent amount of it is. Washington State is becoming a bitcoin mining boom area because of cheap hydro-electric power. I think parts of China where mining is big also uses hydro-electric power.  The carbon footprint is probably a lot lower than simply looking at the energy consumption would suggest because probably a sizable minority is from hydro-electric power alone.
@_date: 2018-06-08 22:47:59
Yeah honestly do we think there will be a shift from everything being free with ads to everything costing you money without ads? I certainly don't think so. Ads have allowed entertainment and information to be free for a long time now. If you have to start paying for everything that would quite frankly suck!
@_date: 2018-06-22 04:10:41
Seems to just be a minor UI update and a branding change. Branding change makes sense because newcomers know what Coinbase is but they have no idea what GDAX is.
@_date: 2018-06-07 06:31:35
blockchain is an example of triple-entry accounting. Single entry accounting is where an entity records their incoming and outgoing transactions, which means the recording entity can easily just create funds from nowhere in their books. Double entry accounting, which is what has been used for centuries, was a revolution in finance and it means you have to account for both sides of the transaction, so entity A was debited X money and entity B was credited X money. Both entities in the transaction keep these records and so they will always match up and funds can't just be created out of nowhere because a credit on one side must always be the result of a debit from someone else. You can still cook the books but this requires having to create a whole back history of fraudulent transactions or else your books will be out of whack with others. The blockchain uses triple entry accounting, a new revolutionary advance in finance, where not only do both actors in the transaction keep track of their respective credit and debits of each transaction, but so does the entire community. Everyone has a record of the transaction so there is no way to fraudulently create transactions unless you control the community (the 51% attack in blockchain terms).
Now, LN is basically a double entry accounting system built on top of the blockchain's triple entry accounting system. The triple entry accounting of the blockchain is what doesn't allow it to scale (because you have to pass the record of every transaction to every single person on the network, which takes time and is therefore a bottleneck), but it is what gives it it's security. The LN's double entry accounting model where only each participate in a channel needs to keep track of their transactions is what allows the LN to scale. It's off the triple entry accounting ledger of the blockchain. But the funds are locked into a smart contract transaction that is backed up by the blockchain's triple entry accounting security, which means there can be no fraud from creating new funds from nothing (double spending) because the blockchain has locked a specific amount of funds into the LN channel and there is no way to change this without a new blockchain triple entry transaction. Furthermore the LN uses the smart contract of that channel to employ penalties if one user of the LN channel tries to defraud the other.
It really is an ingenious way to get the scalability of a double entry accounting system backed up by the security and immutability of the triple entry accounting blockchain system. Literally the best of both worlds!
@_date: 2018-06-07 14:42:50
Thanks for the kind words!
I actually wrote that article last night and just looked today and saw I had a bunch of referrals from reddit and I found this post. Thanks to _smudger_ for posting my article! I first read about triple entry accounting last year and how Bitcoin is the first application of it and then last night while on here all the stuff from the article occurred to me and I just had to write it down haha.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:53:35
still no! :)
That is every person's individual decision to make. There's no paradox there. It's no different than any other investment. At some point you make the decision to actually use (or sell) your bitcoin in order to realize its value. Everyone has a different point at which they'll decide the price is high enough that it is worth spending. Some people spend now, some people will spend at $20k, or $40k , or $100k, or $200k, etc. Nobody knows just how high Bitcoin will go. Maybe it'll get up to $90k but then fail to ultimately catch on as a method of payment and people will get out of it and that's the peak price it gets too and you were planning on waiting to spend it only when it is above $100k so you missed out. And why choose $100k? Why not choose $200k? Because that is your own personal choice, everybody can make their own choice of when it makes sense, weighing the current reward of the current value vs the risk of the unknown future, to decide when to spend it. Not a paradox, just a choice that everyone gets to make on their own.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:21:12
One thing you have to realize is never listen to what anyone who supports BCH says about BTC. BCH people's only goal is to con and lie and trick people into buying BCH instead of BTC. They HATE the LN because it makes BCH 100% obsolete. Up until early this year they were calling LN vaporware and said it will never come out, now that it is on the mainnet and growing and offering a service that BCH could never offer they have to make up new lies about it.
BCH's whole value proposition is cheaper fees and more transaction throughput (though of course they don't mention that they are centralizing BCH in order to do this). But LN means txs that take seconds, basically unlimited tx throughput, with near-zero fees, on a more secure and trusted blockchain vs BCH taking an hour or so depending on # of confirmations, on a much less secure blockchain, that can only do about 100 tx/sec at capacity and to even do that it would be quite centralized meaning its even less secure and trustable than it is now.
@_date: 2018-06-04 11:23:21
I was just answering the question. He didn't specify any details about what he wants bitcoin for and how he wants to use it or not use it.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:53:06
Well I'm going to be working on it, not yet though. I went 100% into crypto last year. Now I won't be saving any money until I pay off all my student loans and get an emergency fund ready. But yeah after that I will probably just add to my bitcoin instead of adding to my bank account.
@_date: 2018-06-02 13:18:49
The problem is...which alt???
There is only one Bitcoin. Bitcoin will most likely have a few more massive runs before it's market matures.
Sure plenty of altcoins will gain much more than Bitcoin in the future, but there is no way to tell which will and which have already hit their peak, or which will gain but not as much as Bitcoin.
It's buy Bitcoin the sure thing vs. choose which of the soon to be 2000 altcoins to buy which is pretty much gambling your money.
From a probability perspective Bitcoin is by far the best choice. Not saying altcoins can't be worth buying, but you should do a lot of research first and even then the altcoins you choose might lost you all of your money.
@_date: 2018-06-19 13:22:40
The OP is pointing out how much better bitcoin is than traditional investments. His whole point is that moving from 6700 to 7000 is nothing in Bitcoin, but it would be a nice 6 month return in an index fund.
@_date: 2018-06-05 12:20:43
well if they sold already then why would we have a two year bear market? No reason to get paranoid just because Bitcoin isn't immediately heading back up to ATHs after the crash. Bitcoin will very likely have a very slow and rocky buildup for the rest of this year and it might take a year from now to get it really moving again. But two years seems a bit premature just because it didn't immediately soar back to $20k after the crash.
I mean sure anything can happen, but how about we see where its at in 6 months before we start calling multi-year long bear markets. If it just hits $10k sometime this summer and $15k by end of the year that'll be a pretty dang good year after the crash from $6k -&gt; $15k. And that would set it up to hit ATH by next spring and start pumping again because when an ATH happens that's when the hype and FOMO resumes.
I think a year would be a good time frame, because it gives time for bitcoin tech to advance. With any luck a year from now LN will be ready for general use and who knows maybe there will even be another advance in the tech by then. That would be quite the change from the limited tech that gave bitcoin so many problems last year. Imagine what happens when people come back into the market for the next bull run and all the media starts pointing out how anyone can do essentially unlimited instant txs on the bitcoin network for nearly zero fees just by putting money in the LN. That is a boom waiting to happen.
Also institutional money is finally talking about getting into bitcoin. They will probably start coming in slowly over the next year, but they aren't going to wait two years to buy in. If they are smart money they know to buy before things get crazy again in order to maximize their gains on the next bull run. That means they want to start building positions in the next 6-12 months. And sure enough some of these institutions are planning on opening up crypto trading desks by end of year.
@_date: 2018-06-04 11:30:01
Ah okay I've seen splicing mentioned but wasn't totally sure what it was.
Okay so you can just open up new channels from the same LN node. And in the future you'll be able to splice new funds into existing channels with on-chain txs.
And yes I just a few minutes ago realized that routing relies on the capacity of your end of a channel in a node. Previously I had thought all the funds in the node were available to route. So it would seem that routing nodes will have to be occasionally be rebalanced over the LN so that their ends of all of their channels have funds in them. Though I guess routing nodes will be constantly sending and receiving payments so in theory this should somewhat rebalance all of their ends of their payment channels without needing to do a specific rebalancing operation other than maybe occasionally when the balances of their node gets imbalanced. Is that a good understanding of this?
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:05:16
Let's make a superchain in which bitcoin and a few others are just sidechains! ;p
@_date: 2018-06-19 01:14:31
huh? I just said it was obviously the square cash news.
@_date: 2018-06-23 03:30:37
Year-long build up of hype and FOMO
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:26:37
It's okay. we've discovered you don't know anything about investing. In light of that all your comments make sense now for not making sense.
@_date: 2018-06-04 02:37:50
haha. nah i secretly embedded a code in my comments that spell out "moon lambos for all"
@_date: 2018-06-04 02:31:11
My point is everyone has a different definition of the word moon, or in other words, every one has a different price point where they feel it makes sense to start spending it because it might drop in the future. Your point only makes sense if people know the future. Nobody does. Maybe your $100k price point is a terrible time to spend it because maybe shortly after you spend a bunch of bitcoin at $100k it goes to $500k all of a sudden, or maybe it never reaches that price point at all so you're left losing value while waiting for a price that never happens. And everybody's goal price is different, because nobody knows the future.
Yeah if it were to go to $1 million and you sold it all you will miss out on lots of gains sure. But that is IF! Nobody knows the future. Nobody knows how high it will end up going or when the best time to sell or spend is. Its just each person's individual choice. If you had sold or spent some of it at $19k in december that would have been a fantastic time to spend it because then you could just rebuy all that bitcoin now for less than half the price.
In a reality where we don't know what the future is, which is the only reality that exists, there is no single definition of "waiting for it to moon" because "moon" is different for everybody. People wait until it has appreciated enough where they are happy to start spending it. That is the only choice to make. And hell, some people just want to support the technology and could care less about holding, they'll just buy some and pay with it whenever they need to and could care less about waiting for it to moon. There's no guarantee that Bitcoin becomes the world's reserve currency, so simply holding indefinitely isn't necessarily the best move. Generally people want to hedge their bets.
For instance I plan on selling some of my Bitcoin around $75k because I think that is a good price point goal for the next couple of years, and doing that will give me enough to set up a nice diversified retirement account. I'm not going to not sell any of it then just in the hope that it keeps going up. I'll have hit a goal price (one of my own personal "moon" prices) and so I'm ready to cash out some. And if it goes higher later I'll still have plenty left to cash out or to spend, and if it crashes after I sell then great I can even use some of it to buy back in to sell again at a later date for even more. But if I had bought a few hundred bitcoin back when it was like $50, maybe my goal price would have been $10k and I'd be perfectly happy spending my Bitcoin now.
Like I already explained, people don't know the future, so there is no guaranteed price point "moon" that all we have to do is wait and then that'll be the perfect time to start spending our bitcoin. Every person is going to spend at different price points, regardless or what the unforeseeable future holds precisely because it is unforeseeable.
Let's just summarize:
It is useful to spend your bitcoin when you are happy with what you have made from bitcoin. Period. For some people that might have been $1000. For some people that might be right now. For some people $100k. For some people $1 million. Every one is different. Since we all bought in at different times, all have different goals for how much money we want to make, and all have different goals for what we want to spend the money on, any price point can be a good time for people to spend Bitcoin, depending on those factors. There is no specific price where it becomes useful or not useful for everyone to spend bitcoin.
It's a currency, it is useful to spend whenever anybody wants to!!
@_date: 2018-06-17 21:33:47
Sounds like your customers are just stupid to be honest. I've put my card in the wrong way all of once in the couple years that I've been using a card with a chip. And what does that have to do with bitcoin anyways? Bitcoin will be used from the phone. To customers screw up paying with Android Pay and Apple Pay? When Bitcoin is ready to be used for everyday payments, it'll be done by say like tapping your phone using NFC and entering a PIN or something. There won't be any chips or putting it in upside down or whatever.
@_date: 2018-06-03 14:55:31
Because it is money. And it is capped money supply so it is money that appreciates. The appreciation is why you buy in in the first place. Then because it is money, once you have it, why would you not use it?
Granted first the market needs to mature so that people don't think they are gonna miss out on lots of gains by spending it now instead of waiting, but that's no different than selling back to fiat at a given time. Also LN needs to be really ready to go before it will get really useful as money.
Really it comes down to: people will use easy payment methods that they are given. So the question is really why would merchants adopt Bitcoin for payments. And the answer is that it saves them money. LN payments will save them them from the entirety of credit card fees. Plus they get that money instantly instead of having to wait days and days.
So in terms of buying things it is really that Bitcoin (with LN) is a much better option for merchants than accepting credit cards, therefore they will eventually accept Bitcoin payments, and once the LN is widespread and easy to use and the means of getting into the Bitcoin ecosystem are lowered, then at the very least bitcoin is on an even playing field to consumers as credit cards. Except that with Bitcoin you actually control your own money instead of the bank so its actually better.
@_date: 2018-06-01 15:32:24
Well the time lock for each payment channel will be at least a few days I believe. So as long as you get online with your node at least once every few days your node can see they tried to publish an old state and your node will correct this. But yeah watchtowers make it so you don't even need to do this. Though I hate the idea of watchtowers (having to have a third party to guarantee your money isn't stolen in a system that is supposed to get rid of counting on third parties), and also I'm wondering how much watchtowers will cost. If they are crazy cheap, like a few bucks a year then that's ok, much more than that though and I really don't like the idea.
@_date: 2018-06-06 13:55:56
good to see they are gonna actually be adding bitcoin trading after they add futures. Enough of this futures nonsense!
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:25:34
There is no such thing as Lightning tokens. It's all just bitcoin.
Txs on LN aren't backed by bitcoin, they are bitcoin. There is not money printing or IOUs or anything. Just bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-09 13:03:13
No. That old argument that altcoins add to Bitcoin's supply doesn't make any sense. I really don't understand why people still refer to it. Only people who think all cryptocurrencies are the same and literally know nothing about crypto bring up that argument. Not trying to insult you, just saying its a totally absurd argument.
That's like saying gold is not scarce because other precious metals exist. Or you could even extend your argument to say anything of value in the world is not scarce because everything else of value exists and if they didn't then that other thing of value would take up the entire market share of the world therefore other things of value take away market share from that other thing so it is not scarce.
There will only ever be 21 million bitcoin. There is no hidden treasure trove of Bitcoin supply. Nobody can create more of it. That is scarcity. There can be quadrillions of altcoins in supply and that doesn't create a single extra Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:15:23
A gun for the most part will only add to the problems. I mean first off there's almost no way you're gonna be able to access the gun when they come charging in. And even if you somehow do, the last thing you want to do is start a gun fight in your home, especially if there are other people there like your family. As soon as you pull a gun on them they are gonna be the ones that feel in danger and will be firing at you to protect themselves.
@_date: 2018-06-09 04:05:09
While I agree that Bitcoin's market share will continue to go down, or at least stay in roughly the 30% - 40% range, it is due to the market expanding so much. Bitcoin did not go down because it suddenly is competing tooth and nail with direct competitors. Altcoins that survive won't outpace BTC. It's just that the crypto space went from being about money (BTC) to being about any purpose decentralization can possibly solve. You have dapp platforms, you have tons of app specific tokens, you have privacy coins, you have storage coins, stable coins backed by stuff, and on and on.
The only thing that could possibly outpace money (BTC) is an application platform (like ETH). It's like saying the financial world vs the internet, which wins? I dunno, they're both unimaginably big. No other altcoin will ever have the ability to grow like Bitcoin or like a dapp platform. And in the money space Bitcoin really doesn't have any challengers. Between the first mover advantage, the brand name advantage, the much greater security of Bitcoin, the established trust in Bitcoin, and the LN no other money coin will ever get close to Bitcoin.
If the exploding market for cryptocurrencies actually succeeds then sure Bitcoin might only be like 20% of the market, but still might be the biggest or second biggest share of the entire space at a market cap of several trillion or even tens of trillions. Though also it could be that all altcoins don't really offer much benefit in the end and maybe even dapp platforms are too expensive when you have to pay for everything as opposed to the current most things are free with ads model, and so maybe money is the main application of blockchain/cryptocurrencies and so in time perhaps Bitcoin goes back up to well above 50%.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:58:18
We'll just have to see how this whole watchtower things comes out. It seems like a unfortunate solution to an unfortunate limitation (unless as I said it is very very cheap, on the order of a cent a day). I have yet to see any actual details about watchtowers, so I'll save my judgement until they actually come up with how it will really work, but right now I understand it is necessary unfortunately, but it doesn't sound great.
@_date: 2018-06-09 16:12:14
Honestly, I think you don't understand how transactions work. If I'm somehow wrong please explain it, but I've seen plenty of times that this is how transactions work:
If I have 5 utxos in my wallet and I sweep the whole wallet to a new address, those 5 inputs of that transaction create a single utxo in that address. The coins are mixed.
So if one of those outputs were tainted coins it's now impossible to know which ones were tainted, in fact the tainted coins don't even exist anymore since coins are simply utxos. Sure you could say X amount of coins of that new mixed output are tainted, but then if you send that output to two different addresses there is no way to identify which address has tainted coins and how many because as I already said, the tainted transaction outputs no longer existed the moment the first mix occurred.
I've read that people sweep their wallets at times when transaction fees are low in order to reduce the size of future transactions when fees may be higher by consolidating many utxos into one utxo. This wouldn't be possible if what I said above isn't the case.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:57:26
It's not that technical. As long as you know what Bitcoin is and what LN is its pretty user friendly (and if you don't know what those things are obviously you aren't going to be using it). Not saying it is the best design we'll ever see but it seems fine.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:34:19
Did you seriously just ask why someone would be interested in more than one kind of investment??? haha. It would seem you know literally nothing about investing.
@_date: 2018-06-05 01:07:56
eh, so far it just looks like a correction after a 10% gain. The prevailing trends say it should go up another $1000 before perhaps heading down again. Unless buy support is really weak I'm not worried.
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:18:49
You got your refunds because you complained. If they don't contact you about getting those two over-refunds back just keep it. They decided to operate what sounds like a very broken system for bitcoin payment instead of just using normal simple bitcoin payments. If they screw up and don't contact you to fix it then that's on them.
@_date: 2018-06-03 08:06:52
haha you all are mentioning war. Yeah war is war. War is not bitcoin. War makes companies billions of dollars. What we're talking about is a company throwing away billions of dollars. It's the exact opposite of war.
@_date: 2018-06-01 03:07:17
haha yeah i know its just for fun. I'm just looking forward to when bitcoin passes a trillion and leaves all companies behind so it can start being compared to things in its same class like major nation currencies and gold :)
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:03:16
Not sure what you're trying to say here. it seems you've gone off the deep end here. Point is, Bitcoin is highly durable and thus deserves an A+ rating on durability.
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:06:57
There is a lot of focus and interest on other uses of blockchain as well as smart contracts. But so far in the blockchain revolution money is the killer app, and thats what Bitcoin is: money.
And don't for one second think that money is not a big deal. The world revolves around it. Having a global, secure, fast, cheap, borderless source of money that anyone can use and store themselves without the need to have access to and go through banks....that is HUGE! That is a major advance in the socio-economic history of humanity. It's hard to overstate the impact of this. And that is Bitcoin.
Now sure smart contracts MIGHT also be revolutionary, but right now smart contracts are in the very early stages. There are still a lot of questions around just how will smart contracts work, will they be more useful to people that centralized services. Whereas Bitcoin just works out of the box (the only thing it needs solved is scaling and Lightning Network will go a long way to fixing that) so the challenges for Bitcoin are much less than for smart contracts.
As far as other uses of blockchain, there are certainly some good ones out there. But if you're talking about private blockchains existing within businesses, eh, that's not really very exciting. The power of blockchains comes from their decentralized public nature. A private blockchain run by a company may or may not provide some efficiencies for the company, but I think the private blockchain applications of the so called "blockchain, not bitcoin" people are vastly overblown. Public decentralized blockchains are the revolution that Bitcoin started.
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:03:06
Bcash isn't actually used for anything at all other than trading. Plus its a scam coin that nobody outside of its true believers want to have anything to do with. Doge I'm pretty sure is at least used for tips on some sites right?
@_date: 2018-06-05 19:13:10
well, japan already did it
@_date: 2018-06-05 01:59:49
Obviously Bitcoin. Bitcoin (and maybe also Ethereum) is the only sure thing in crypto. 10 years from now Bitcoin will be around, Ethereum might be around, and I have no idea what will be the case with any other coin. 99% of them could be gone or barely worth anything by then, replaced with a whole new slew of coins in the future.
@_date: 2018-06-02 13:06:02
The problem isn't with merchants, its with the Venmo use case of sending people, not merchants, money.
I HIGHLY doubt cell phone makers will incorporate LN directly into the phone in some way. There is probably 0% chance of that happening. Apple didn't make Bitcoin and LN, Google didn't either. Therefore it won't be some built-in always running function of the phone. Now if you're just saying LN mobile apps will always run in the background well, they had better! I'm not sure how much battery that would eat up, but if it is a very low power drain then that is doable, and would mean you can receive money as long as your phone is connected even if your LN app is closed. Still it doesn't work as well as something like Venmo where it doesn't matter if you are online or not you can always receive payments. For developed countries where people's phones are generally online it would just be kind of annoying to occasionally have to wait for someone to come online when you can't send them money, but for the developing world this would be a much greater problem since they are probably only online a very small amount of the time. And sure they could just us on-chain txs, but those will be prohibitively expensive for some poor person in a developing world to send someone money considering that when Bitcoin actually becomes popular, unless a large block size increase happens, LN channel opening/closing alone with clog the network like crazy, not even counting normal on-chain txs. I wouldn't be surprised to eventually see $50 fees become normal in a few years without a block size increase.
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:13:11
Now if we're talking long term savings. If we're talking savings that you want to spend in a few months sure. But if we're talking savings that you want to build up for a couple years it works really well since you're gonna get crazy interest on it. Also we're still in the early stages of adoption. In like a decade Bitcoin might have a mature market by then, and its volatility will be low, and be much better at being a shorter term savings account as well.
As far as a currency, anytime bitcoin is worth more than you bought it for it just became the best currency ever for you. You buy bitcoin, keep it as savings for a bit, its price rises a lot, and now no matter the volatility you have a lot more "currency" to spend so it is perfectly useful as a currency.
Anyway if you don't think bitcoin is savings or currency I'm not sure what you're doing on this reddit. Bitcoin is money, it is in its early stages and so is volatile, but that doesn't stop it from being a good savings account or a good currency. Sure it will continue to get better over time, but it can be used as both by plenty of people at any time.
@_date: 2018-06-09 18:43:38
And if you have to move your gold to a new more secure vault in 20 years...thats the same thing.
You're not exactly making good arguments here.
And you STILL AREN'T TALKING ABOUT DURABILITY! goodlord how many times do I need to define durability before you stop thinking it has anything to do with losing the asset or getting it stolen. Honestly I'm done responding. There's no point in reading your bad arguments and then having to define the same word for you over and over and over.
Bitcoin A+ durability. Period.
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:07:02
Probably because the tech field is mostly men, and for most of bitcoin's lifespan only tech people have known about it, or at least understood it enough to want to buy it.
@_date: 2018-06-20 22:55:03
I think your user of the phrase "small blockers" for Bitcoin proponents is off, as well as your description of small blockers.
It is obvious that Bitcoin will need some onchain scaling, and in fact Segwit was on-chain scaling, in that it basically tricked the protocol to allow more data to pass through without having to hard fork the block size. But obviously there will need to be block size increases, it just needs to come in a way that keeps decentralization at a paramount.
Also I have never heard a Bitcoin proponent say the white paper is a loose guideline. But naturally technology will advance beyond its original inception. I wouldn't say Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash are following the white paper any more or less than the other, same as lots of other cryptos that have mimicked Bitcoin. Bitcoin just added stuff on top of the Bitcoin protocol, it didn't move away from the white paper, just built new technology on top of it.
Also I'd be very suspect of anybody who claimed to support bitcoin but thinks of it only as a store of value and not a means of payment. If that was the prevailing view there would be no reason for the LN, as the LN is the technology that will allow Bitcoin to be electronic cash and be used to buy a cup of coffee, something that Bitcoin Cash will never be able to do on a global scale.
Say in five years Bitcoin has reached an adoption point where there are 1000 txs/sec happening on average. The LN will handle that without breaking a sweat and the fees will likely be a fraction of a cent. Bitcoin Cash meanwhile would probably have $100 transaction fees at that volume. So between the two Bitcoin is the only one that will ever be capable of being a mass usage digital cash.
@_date: 2018-06-09 12:31:53
Well I mean I was saying you should not listen to these people once you understand that he is a BCH supporter. Sure it's not impossible for them to say something legit, but you have to realize their only goal is to try to delegitimize Bitcoin in order to prop up their own altcoin. Blockstream seems to be a popular target for them simply because a couple people who work at Blockstream happen to be major Bitcoin developers. So BCH people come up with conspiracy theories about Blockstream to try to scare people away from Bitcoin. I don't consider every criticism of Bitcoin a conspiracy. I consider any criticism of Bitcoin that has been created by BCH supporters to be highly suspect, and when it is the same old conspiracy theory that they always drag out, that's when I consider it to be a conspiracy theory. And that is what that video was.
@_date: 2018-06-17 21:36:27
I was thinking it might hit $6000. So it was quite a ride to $20k haha
But this is a down year, so making a "oh my god it's gonna reach crazy heights" prediction for this year doesn't make sense. Next year though it could go crazy again. My prediction for 2018 is simply recovering from the crash and ending somewhere over $10k. 2019 though if a new bull run starts I could see $80k happening.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:50:49
Where did I say we should give up?!? haha. Don't know what you're talking about. I'm saying in the future when Bitcoin has much greater adoption unless there is a big increase in block size then doing on-chain transactions for anything but moving a lot of money around will be infeasible. LN channel opening/closings alone will clog the blockchain and create high fees so just "use onchain TXs" won't be feasible if you're just sending a bit of money around.
Sending someone money is not an edge case haha. Not even close. That is the entire use case of Venmo, for example. Venmo is not some tiny edge case. Paying merchants is not problem yes because they will always be online. But paying friends or just having to send money to someone for whatever reason (not a merchant), means they have to be online at the time you send the money. Sure if people use their phone as their LN node, in developed countries people's phones are usually connected a lot of the time so it would for the most part just be somewhat annoying when occasionally you can't send someone money and have to wait until they are online to send them (assuming these LN apps just run in the background all the time, if the app has to actually be open then this would create serious problems!). But for a lot of the world this would be much much more inconvenient. Still it might be better than current options, but this having to be online to receive payments is a very unfortunate and very real limitation for sending money to other people.
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:12:19
Yeah normal user nodes will constantly be dropping in and off of the network. In fact apparently they aren't even supposed to be considered routing nodes. Routing nodes are supposed to just be always-online nodes that are there specifically to route, so like a bitcoin hobbyist who has a machine always running at home for this purpose, or merchants.
People who have their LN app on their phone of laptop will be dropping in and off the network and should be considered end user nodes instead of routing nodes.
@_date: 2018-06-02 18:29:41
$100 trillion hahah come on get real. There is a lot of middle ground between what it is today which is an investment tool for a very small amount of people and almost no use as a currency, and the world currency. It will likely continue to gain adoption up to the $5-15 trillion range that is adopted by many merchants and replaces some usage of credit cards and banks and international transfers and money mobile apps and so on. That still doesn't mean Apple or Google is going to directly incorporate it ever into their mobile devices. That's pure fantasy. They have their own payment tools.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:34:15
huh? Miners and nodes are the peers in the p2p network. They aren't trusted third parties because the network is decentralized. That's the crux of the whole thing.
@_date: 2018-06-09 13:26:17
And how likely is it that there will be zero people mining Bitcoin? Exactly. Durability simply means will it continue to exist (physically or in this case digitally) over time. Fiat is extremely easy to destroy. Gold can I guess be destroyed (have its atoms stripped apart or turned into another element) in maybe a super nova or a black hole. Bitcoin can never be destroyed as long as someone is mining. You need a single machine to continue mining out of the whole world. That is extreme durability, not quite on gold's level, but far above most things of value.
@_date: 2018-06-02 18:40:36
Because that is how much it'd cost if you could rent that much hashing power without buying the equipment. But there isn't anywhere near that amount of hashing power to rent. So actually they would have to buy the mining equipment to do it. And of course there aren't anywhere near enough miners on sale to do that. So they would have to constantly be buying up the entire supply of miners over a long period of time, and this would also jack up prices on the miners so it'd cost them even more. Then they would have spent probably tens of billions of dollars on equipment just to do something that they hope will make that equipment worthless. Then they need to launch the attack, which would cost a lot of money in electricity for every hour they are attacking. Not to mention they would have to distribute all these miners around the world because no single place could accommodate that much power, so there are most costs for setting the miners up in lots of locations all over the world. Then let's also realize that number is probably just 51% of the current hash power, but by adding 51% to the current hash power you only control a third of the network, so really you need 101% of the current network, this doubles the cost of everything.
Probably you're looking at many tens of billions of dollars just to take over the network for a few hours, which in no way would wipe out bitcoin.
Show me a company or government that has tens of billions of dollars to throw away for an operation that only lasts a few hours and doesn't even accomplish its goal and does nothing at all to help that company or government.
@_date: 2018-06-09 03:49:47
Yes you are right the current size of blocks won't come anywhere near even just allowing LN channel openings with a global mass participation.
There will be normal onchain transactions but they will just be for big purchases or to move a bunch of money around. For normal retail payments no blockchain can be used on a mass scale. Blockchain just isn't designed for that, blockchain is designed for security and trustlessness. Scaling is where 2nd layer solutions (LN) comes in. Eventually actual on-chain transactions should be rare and most of the blocks should be taken up by LN channel openings and closings. And really channels shouldn't need to close very often once the LN becomes large and robust, so most on-chain transactions should be LN channel openings and splicing new funds into LN channels, with a much smaller amount of channel closings, and even fewer normal on-chain transactions.
I think a 2x is gonna definitely be needed in about a year before the next mania phase (i'm thinking the next bitcoin boom will be second half of next year).
I think the ideal solution would be a single hard fork that allows for a dynamically increasing block size that requires no additional hard forks and in which the increases get smaller over time on an algorithmic basis like how the mining reward halving works. For example, an initial 4x boost and every 4 years the block size increases but by half the previous boost percentage. That would allow the block size to increase slowly as the internet speeds around the world increase over time, keeping the increasing barrier to entry for mining low as tech improves.
@_date: 2018-06-06 15:59:43
I agree. Without scarcity no one would bother buying Bitcoin. Right now bitcoin is popular because its scarcity leads to price explosions so it is an investment asset. Normally new tech gets pushed by companies, but since Bitcoin is decentralized there is no company to push its adoption to people through popular products. So yes for Bitcoin to get off the ground scarcity was an absolute necessity. I'm just saying the only reason the scarcity even matters is because of all those other things that make it useful. Scarcity itself if of no use. But yes scarcity was needed to get people to adopt bitcoin for its usefulness.
@_date: 2018-06-18 20:11:07
its very obvious the square cash news is what resulted in the immediate pop upwards in price. Just like last week when the SEC said bitcoin and ether aren't securities it also resulted in an immediate pop up.
Positive price movement haven't resulted from recent news in recent months because bearish pressure was too strong, so lots of good news didn't affect the price at all. I think the fact that we are no seeing good news result in immediate jumps in price is a very good signal that the market has shed a lot of the bull pressure and we could be at the beginning of a transition back to a bull market.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:00:16
Exactly, which is absurd.
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:33:32
And Here's a link to a chart of that line from about Sept 2012 onward to get a more accurate view of that mean line. As you can see, according to that the line was already over $8000 earlier this year, so we're actually under it now:
@_date: 2018-06-09 12:45:51
That's not what durability means.
@_date: 2018-06-03 23:37:15
ah ok i gotcha.
@_date: 2018-06-05 00:59:54
No, you receive one bitcoin, plus the buyer pays the fee on top of that. That's the push idea the other person referenced. You aren't doing anything on the network. They are sending the money so they have to pay the fee.
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:23:00
No. Because you're using a limited chart. That's the problem with data, a specifically selected set of data can easily lead people to wrong conclusions that seem correct.
That graphic is only a 2015 to 2018 chart. The price during 2015 and 2016 was below the historical average mean, but in that chart the line cuts right through the middle of 2015/2016 prices. So the line is too low due to the fact that its only including a partial set of data.
I don't know if you made that graphic or if you just found it online, but whoever made it is trying to force a bearish narrative by choosing a partial data set that supports their intention, which is at odds with reality. I think the price right now is actually right around where that blue line actually is given the whole data set.
So no, the real mean average line or whatever its called actually suggests Bitcoin is currently around the "correct" price. Dropping to $3000 by the end of this year would be SEVERELY going below the mean price.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:26:35
No one can say. SEC has been against it since it first came up early last year.
But institutional investment firms are planning on opening up bitcoin trading desks over the next year, which should put pressure on the SEC to allow ETFs as well since these firms will be normalizing bitcoin on Wall St. So I'd say it could happen at some point next year, probably during the next boom.
@_date: 2018-06-07 20:00:06
The author here. The only time I had ever heard about triple entry accounting was in some article I read last year, that said Blockchain is triple entry accounting. Then I read a few more articles last night about it while writing the piece. One of them did say that everyone who says blockchain is triple entry accounting is wrong and it has to do with momentum of a company's finances in order to predict its future or some such thing. All the other articles I looked at last night referred to triple entry accounting the same way I did.
I guess its simply a common misconception (among those few who have actually heard of the term). I haven't read Yuji's papers on triple entry accounting, but it would seem the way I used it and have seen it used is not actually what he termed as triple entry accounting, as you say. So perhaps what people apparently wrongly define as triple entry accounting needs a new term. Anyway, if you hate seeing the term mis-used then just insert some other word instead please! I apologize for mis-using a term (despite how common its mis-use seems to be), but everything in my article still stands if you just change "triple entry accounting" to some other word of your liking.
@_date: 2018-06-07 14:48:41
I guess technically sure. But inflation doesn't really have much affect on store of value qualities until the product has matured in the market place. Obviously right now 4% inflation is nothing compared to Bitcoin's growth so it doesn't really matter. But yeah Bitcoin is currently inflating faster than the dollar, but like you say that'll change in couple years after the halving.
@_date: 2018-06-19 19:59:30
Average growth in stock markets is like 7% a year, not 5% a day. He's not talking about trading and having a great day occasionally. And 5% is not easy. if it were easy everyone in the stock market would be rich beyond their wildest imaginations. He's talking about investing in an index fund versus Bitcoin.
As he said, if you put your money into an index fund and take it out 6 months later generally you'd expect ~4%. Sometimes you'd lose money, sometimes you'd gain money, but the average is equivalent of the 6700 -&gt; 7000 (~4%). That's about the average. The average for investing in Bitcoin for 6 months is more like around 75%, as compared to 4%.
@_date: 2018-06-09 12:58:00
I'm wondering why you say this. Just curious. I didn't even know what fungible meant until last year, and still don't have a good grasp on it. But doesn't it basically just mean that one unit of that is always equivalent to any other single unit of that currency? I'm just not totally sure how to apply that definition.
Does something lose fungibility if it can be counterfeited like cash or gold if they don't test to see if it is actual gold? Outside of a 51% attack Bitcoin can't be counterfeited. Or does it just mean you can't tell the difference between any single unit of it so you can't say oh this was stolen so it is bad currency? Like tracking digital cash hacked, or physical cash by serial number, or Bitcoin over the blockchain? Are the only fungible cryptos privacy cryptos? Does the ability to be able to track bitcoin over a blockchain really make it not fungible? Or does the fact that you know a satoshi is always a legit satoshi make it highly fungible?
@_date: 2018-06-04 12:39:35
ah okay cool. I guess for Robinhood that makes sense since they are an investment app, not a money app or Bitcoin app.
@_date: 2018-06-09 13:29:49
Ok I get that, but as soon as those flagged bitcoins are moved with other bitcoin it gets mixed in. And every time it is moved, as long as it is moved with other utxos, it is further mixed). And there is no way to separate out the "tainted" bitcoin. I understand that argument but it just doesn't seem very strong since "tainted" Bitcoin can easily, immediately, and irrevocably be mixed in with non-tainted Bitcoin and that can be done over and over again, mixing it with more and more of the overall supply of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-01 22:05:57
yeah i don't know how they will actually operate. I first heard the idea when reading about Raiden on Ethereum last Fall and instantly I was just like wow that sounds terrible. But hopefully they'll be made in a way that isn't terrible and defeats the purpose of trustlessness. To me this whole must be online and needing watchtowers to keep your money safe is one of the big question marks I have about LN.
@_date: 2018-06-21 01:36:32
There's no "hope" about it, its what the LN was specifically designed for. And 1000 tx/sec is nothing for the LN, when its big enough it should easily be able to handle many times that amount, yet that is already farrrrrrr beyond what any decentralized blockchain could ever do.
That's why the idea that Bitcoin Cash scales is so fundamentally absurd. LN has literally 1000s of times more scalability than Bitcoin Cash.
Blockchain is useful as a security base layer, but it isn't designed to do much beyond secure funds. Blockchain is an incredibly slow database, but with proper hashing through PoW it is incredibly secure. 2nd layer technology is the only feasible way to make cryptocurrency actually usable on any sort of scale. The two things you want from money is security and quick easy usage, Bitcoin handles the security part, LN handles the quick easy usage part.
@_date: 2018-06-17 21:43:08
I don't think it'll be that low. $6000 has acted as a strong bottom so far, if it doesn't break down through it now that means we've had a triple bottom around $6000 and the bears have tried to break the price down below that region 3 times over 6 months and failed every time. I think we'll see a change of momentum over the next few months as it becomes clear we're not going any lower than this and any buy in this range is the best you're gonna get. The price isn't just gonna not do anything and still at $5k or $6k for over a year as you are suggesting. The middle of this year will probably act as an inflection point and we'll start to see a slow recovery over the next year. I think the next surge will start between 12 and 24 months from now and the height of it will send Bitcoin close to $100k. But surely these next 12 months we'll see some recovery as the price stabilizes over $10k by end of this year.
@_date: 2018-06-09 16:23:41
Ok so essentially what you're saying is that I'm right, but we're using different definitions. After all, as I mentioned in my last comment, there's no such thing as "coins", there are just unspent transaction outputs. So counterfeiting a "coin" has no meaning, the only thing that has meaning in regards to counterfeiting is counterfeiting a transaction, which is exactly what I described as being possible from 51% attacks. I'm spreading accurate information, you are simply using a definition of counterfeiting that doesn't apply to blockchain.
Normal money definition of counterfeiting has no meaning in blockchain. Everyone who knows anything about Bitcoin knows you can't create bitcoin out of thin air and there is no such thing as a fake bitcoin, so yes I am using a blockchain definition of counterfeiting.
I think you have to use definitions that have meaning in regards to the context of which we are speaking (and of course those definitions must be explained to people who don't know them yet). When someone learns about Bitcoin they have to learn new definition anyways. If I were talking to someone who didn't know anything about bitcoin, I would of course first mention that there's no such thing as fake bitcoins and you can't create bitcoins out of thin air, but you can counterfeit your own bitcoin transactions but it requires a 51% attack which at this point is nearly impossible for Bitcoin. Hence why Bitcoin is so secure.
@_date: 2018-06-03 08:12:45
Do you really not know people use apps these days to send money to each other?? Not to mention companies like Western Union as well. Like i said, major use case.
No they don't always have a node online, they use these centralized services, that's why they work. A regular person is not going to have a node online all the time. That's pretty obvious, I think everyone understands that. Payment processors?? We're talking about regular users here, not companies.
@_date: 2018-06-20 13:19:24
"You're asking for a traditional investment that moves like Bitcoin. You're right, there isn't one."
took ya long enough to admit it haha
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:45:58
Which is simply not the case. It's not like any day now the encryption will be revealed to have been unsafe all this time! haha. Good encryption is meant to last decades. I'm sure at some point Bitcoin will pick a stronger encryption when technology has advanced far beyond what is possible today. That's not a problem. In the far future Bitcoin will absolutely update its cryptographic functions to stay ahead of the curve through hard forks. Do you understand that or not?
Besides, that STILL wouldn't make bitcoin not durable! You really aren't getting that losing/stealing does NOT equal lack of durability. I've already told you this multiple times.
@_date: 2018-06-06 14:39:56
I agree that the scarcity is a crucial aspect of Bitcoin's monetary policy and value. But to say the other things are not Bitcoin's value proposition is a bit absurd, because nobody cares about anything simply because it is scarce. Something scarce with no use has no value. Something scarce with use has lots of value, and all those things that you said are not bitcoin's value proposition are the things that make it useful, and therefore (combined with its scarcity) valuable.
Bitcoin does have fast transactions for merchants compared to the digital transactions they do now. In fact it is extremely fast. They have to wait days to get the money from credit cards. Bitcoin they have to wait like an hour. LN they have to wait a few seconds.
Bitcoin is actually a lot cheaper than some of the things you mentioned. It's a lot cheaper than international transfers, it's a lot cheaper than transfers between banks, a lot cheaper than wiring money. But the main value proposition in its cheapness of transacted is merchants. As you say, merchants pay credit card fees, but with Bitcoin the buyer pays the fee so merchants pay nothing, saving them 3+% percent on their entire revenue, that's huge! And they can even offer discounts for buyers who use bitcoin in order to cover the buyer's tx fee, while still saving the merchant a lot compared to credit card fees. And with LN they don't even need to do this when the fee for the buyer is some fraction of a cent.
As for it being digital, the value proposition here is that it is better digital money than what exists. Because right now digital money only exists in banks. But with bitcoin digital money now simply exists on the internet natively through the bitcoin network. The people now have their own digital money, instead of simply passing around the banks digital money from bank account to bank account.
And of course you forgot to mention a major value proposition: security. Bitcoin essentially cannot be hacked. Very important!
I think you're just trying to simplify bitcoin's value proposition by pointing to one thing while it is actually all of those things that give bitcoin its value. Each one that you take out makes bitcoin less valuable.
@_date: 2018-06-05 01:58:00
Obvious weakness inherent in the concept is lack of scalability. You can have a decentralized and highly secure blockchain, or you can have scalability. Though LN and other advances should go a long way to letting us have our cake and eat it too!
Another weakness is buying in person, waiting for even one confirmation is way too long. Heck waiting for the pending transaction is probably too long for in-person. But again LN will fix that.
Most of the other weaknesses are simply weaknesses in the surrounding ecosystem. Like it being hard to acquire Bitcoin in a lot of places in the world. The hacking of wallets and exchanges. The lack of guidance and smart forward looking regulation from governments.
But going back to bitcoin itself, i'd say the biggest problem for which I haven't seen a solution is key management and hot wallet hacking. From everything I've ever heard if you have a hot wallet you are asking to have you bitcoins stolen. If that is the case it won't ever be a currency if it is so dang easy for hackers to get your private key and steal your bitcoin. And if you are trying to keep your key safe, well its just a hassle to store it in a way you'll never lose it. I don't know what the problem is with creating strongly encrypted wallets that are hacker resistant, or if its just people being really unsafe that leads to them being hacked. But obviously it should be easy for a user who doesn't know any technical details of bitcoin to have a hot wallet that they spend from and to not have to worry about hackers stealing their coins. Until that happens Bitcoin is still in the wild west.
@_date: 2018-06-07 05:49:01
You can, or at least you will be able to. The term is splicing in a transaction. I'm still not quite sure of the technical details of it. But basically, since a payment channel is just a multi-sig address, you can use a single on-chain transaction to send more funds to that address. (Someone who understands this better please don't get on me if I didn't explain this exactly correctly ;p). But yeah basically you can "splice" new funds into an existing payment channel with a single on-chain transaction instead of closing your channel and then opening a new one. Though this splicing feature is yet to be added, as are many things since LN is still in beta and will be for quite some time.
You could also open up a new channel and send some of your new funds over the LN to your empty payment channel on the same node. In this way you would refund your empty channel while adding another channel to you node, thus improving your channel's connectivity to the network.
@_date: 2018-06-09 03:52:10
Video poster is clearly a BCH shill. Generally you should not listen to these people. They spin things in order to favor attacking Bitcoin over truth with proper context.
@_date: 2018-06-19 23:24:38
I'm talking about the average. The average for Bitcoin is something like 75% (a rough estimate). The average for the stock market is less than 4% for 6 months. Nobody is talking about a specific 6 months.
Are those gains gone forever?! haha. Cuz I'm pretty sure there was just a 20x gain last year. Apparently you weren't around for last year.
Nvidia up 20x in the past 5 years? That's fantastic for them! 5 years ago to the day Bitcoin was worth $110, its up 60x...next! Oh and let's not even worry that Bitcoin and cryptocurrency in general has been a huge boon to Nvidia so that Bitcoin's 60x the past 5 years is a factor in helping Nvidia's 20x gain.
You still haven't offered a single example of a traditional investment that can move like Bitcoin and sustain that growth long term. I'll let you in on a secret: because none exist.
Furthermore, yeah sure there are some stocks out there that do fantastically well for traditional markets like as you have mentioned Netflix, Nvidia, Facebook (though their gains still all pale in comparison to Bitcoin). But the thing is, you have to be able to pick them out of tons and tons of stocks. Basically you have to get very lucky in picking that one specific stock that will go on an incredible 5 year run. But with Bitcoin, well, there's only one Bitcoin! There's no getting lucky, there's no choosing from hundreds of companies", you just buy Bitcoin and hold it through the ups and downs and one day sell it when its on some exponentially greater "up" from where you bought it. You're cherry picking a few stocks with the hindsight that they outperformed the market like crazy and yet still didn't come close to Bitcoin's growth over the same time period. But also the OP said index fund, not getting lucky on one specific stock, precisely because with Bitcoin there's only one choice where as with stocks you have to try to get lucky and pick the right one out of tons and tons of options to get that rare explosive growth. It's like picking an altcoin, you've got tons of options and you might pick wrong, with Bitcoin there is no wrong pick.
I don't know why you keep ignoring what the OP said or trying to argue that traditional market grow more than an exponentially expanding emerging market. Literally no one would ever try to argue the point you are arguing because it is patently false.
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:15:02
Lot quicker to take a few seconds to call the cops and hide, rather than get to your gun safe and open it and then your ammo safe and open it and then stick you gun out and invite a showdown between yourself and armed criminals in your house. Safest thing is to have a secure room rather than whip out a gun and try to have a shootout in your home. Typical gun nut "i'm gonna be a hero" thinking that'd more likely end up with their family getting killed than saving the day.
@_date: 2018-06-30 18:00:41
and i just sold a bunch of trades at a loss cuz i thought it was gonna drop to low 5000s ha!
@_date: 2018-06-21 00:29:41
hahaha. you have no idea what his cabinet thinks. But hey Trump does peddle lies for a living so why not make up stuff about how his cabinet likes bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-05 01:06:08
Anyone who has been in bitcoin longer than a year isn't worried anyways. This has all happened before and it will all happen again. Booms and busts are bitcoin's way. Hell, booms and busts are the free market's way. One year from now the price will be far higher than today. In two years we might glimpse 6 figures if luck be with us!
@_date: 2018-06-04 04:06:52
Decentralization, security, brand name, and there's only one Bitcoin while there are hundreds of coins that wish they were Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:46:54
Yes exactly, the "investment asset" part of Bitcoin is what allows it to gain adoption. Then once hundreds of millions of people have it and they can actually start spending it easily that's when it goes from being an investment asset to just your bank account that you spend from.
Personally, I've got some money from Bitcoin that I just trade against USD to make more money in the hear and now. Then I've got my long term Bitcoin, some of which I will sell for fiat when the price roughly 10x's from here in order to diversify my investments (currently all my investments are crypto) for retirement and whatnot. But once I've diversified enough of my bitcoin into other markets then I will probably just keep the rest of my bitcoin to simply use as a currency through the LN for many years to come.
@_date: 2018-06-05 01:03:56
Wouldn't autopayment just be a wallet feature that a wallet maker needs to add. There's no reason Bitcoin can have autopayments, I guess just nobody has bothered to add it yet because Bitcoin isn't actually spent very much anyways.
@_date: 2018-06-04 19:59:15
again, not even close to an average trader. The average trader doesn't have hundreds of 6 figures of bitcoins. Average trader probably has a few thousand dollars. So divide by ten for what you are calling an average trader and you've got the actual figure.
@_date: 2018-06-09 13:14:36
I think D is good because it has survived well against thousands of other version of the same thing that have been created over the past few years. Sure gold has been around for thousands of years, but you don't need to be around for thousands of years to have an established history. I certainly wouldn't put Bitcoin higher than a D, and I'd say it'd take a century or two to get to A, but something that survives thousands of attempts to copy it with new currencies and it still retains its value is worthy of being above an F.
@_date: 2018-06-02 12:54:14
That would seem to go very much against the whole point of bitcoin. I don't see how that could be done in a trustless way. If you are leaving money with someone on the LN that means they are perfectly capable of closing that channel and taking that money instead of sending it along. I don't think there is any way this would work.
@_date: 2018-06-02 19:09:31
As i already said, it is anything but an edge case. It's a major use case, there are whole businesses built just around that.
An edge case is what you just described: having to meet someone in person just to give them cryptocurrency. If ever there was an edge case you just described it.
@_date: 2018-06-09 13:54:36
But there is no way to tell the non-tainted from the tainted at that point, which means there is no way for the coins to be tainted any longer.
You can't just say oh well you may or may not have a tainted coin, we have no idea, so we consider all coins that were ever mixed in with them as being tainted. Once you've lost the ability to identify the specific tainted coins you can no longer say it's not fungible. And sure you could say well certain powers that be can choose to block any of the coins its mixed in with, but that's not an argument against fungibility, that's just their own decision. They can decide to not accept whatever coins they want at any point. That's not an argument against fungibility as you are describing it. As soon as a utxos are mixed together you can't discern one coin from another. Only if the utxos representing those coins are always sent in isolation and never mixed in would that be an argument against fungibility.
@_date: 2018-06-04 02:17:18
I mean I'm not saying it was only the tech. Certainly it was a combination of tech and the market. But nothing before Bitcoin had the tech to do what Bitcoin does. Perhaps Bitcoin wouldn't have succeeded if it had come out in the 90s, but no other previous attempt at digital money would have succeeded if it came out when Bitcoin did because it didn't have the fundamental tech to create a trustless decentralized secure network that can stop attempts to double spend.
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:27:57
You're using a bad chart. As you say, its based only on data since 2015. If you use all historical data you'll see your blue line from this chart is much lower than where the blue line actually is.
@_date: 2018-06-18 20:19:26
it's called renewable energy and it already exists, and a lot of bitcoin mining already uses it. We just need more of it.
@_date: 2018-06-04 10:08:04
It is easy to lose your Bitcoin from altcoin trading. I've done that plenty of times. Just stop trading altcoins, it is a highly risky endeavor and basically just involves luck.
Just hold onto your bitcoins. Bitcoin is currently around the bottom of the market. If you sell now you are selling for a loss around the bottom of the market. That's the worst investment decision you can make.
Just wait for the next boom if you can (might be a year or two). No reason you shouldn't make lots of money in the next two years by holding.
@_date: 2018-06-09 13:09:44
Yea not sure about that one. Maybe due to the accuracy of measuring devices? Like when gold is measure it is only measured down to some fraction of an ounce so maybe a few thousandths of an ounce aren't picked up? I don't know. I think gold probably deserves an A or  B for divisibility.
@_date: 2018-06-19 20:38:03
Sorry, you're not gonna win this argument. There is no large asset in the traditional markets that has anywhere near Bitcoin's growth. And Bitcoin doesn't expire in 6 months, it keeps going with that growth. But hey, show me what stock you're buying that grows on average 75% or so every 6 months, year after year after year. You let that secret out and you'll be the king of Wall St! Warren Buffet would be asking for your number to get tips from you!
@_date: 2018-06-23 14:11:36
True, but at another zero to that "best" price.
@_date: 2018-06-09 15:35:15
Ok well if I am wrong then please explain how I am wrong instead of accusing me of spreading misinformation without any proof. If I'm wrong then I would love to understand how I'm wrong.
51% attacks allow double spending. So you can spend a coin, like say buy a product or like in the BTG attack send coins to an exchange, trade it for another coin and withdraw it, and then reverse the original transaction so you still have those BTG. In essence your original transaction was a counterfeit transaction since you were able to use the money and then reverse the transaction so you still have the money while also getting the product you purchased. That is counterfeiting. Anything that I said there wrong?
You can't create counterfeit coins, but you can absolutely create counterfeit transactions with a 51% attack. I mean that is the very definition of double spending. And considering there is technically no so thing as a coin, there are just  utxos, saying you can counterfeit the money supply is meaningless in blockchain, so counterfeiting transactions is the only kind of counterfeiting that has any meaning.
@_date: 2018-06-06 04:01:38
well then what did they do? they made it a legal something. legal payment. I don't know what the legal difference is between legal tender and them making it legal payment, but either way it legitimized bitcoin as legal payment in japan.
@_date: 2018-06-22 14:17:50
Trying to pull a gun during an attack is usually a great way to get killed when all they wanted to do was rob you.
@_date: 2018-06-03 21:03:24
Actually it's your logic that doesn't make sense. Because now under your logic no one would ever spend or sell their Bitcoin. If you never use it in any way, it's worthless because you never use its value.
Like I said: "but that's no different than selling back to fiat at a given time". At some point everyone will choose to use their Bitcoin, otherwise why did they buy it?! You either pick a time to sell it, but why do that when you can just spend it instead. They are the same thing, except in the latter case you are supporting bitcoin's adoption by actually using it.
@_date: 2018-06-09 14:01:21
Wow, harsh reaction when i didn't say anything wrong. 51% attack means you can take bitcoin you've already spent and spend it again. That's counterfeiting. How about you not accuse people of spreading misinformation for no reason.
@_date: 2018-06-07 08:04:45
No doubt it'll happen. The first ones are building out their crypto services. But yes it will be slow. It'll be a few hundred million here, a few hundred million there over a long period of time. Probably once Bitcoin reaches $20k again sometime next year institutional firms are gonna start getting screamed at by their clients to let them get in the game before the price explodes upward again.
@_date: 2018-06-09 17:11:31
I understand
@_date: 2018-06-04 12:18:28
I think the dynamics of the network will indeed for the most part handle this. Think about it, routing nodes are constantly sending and receiving payments. They are just passing bitcoin back and forth between each other. Why would these channels ever become imbalanced? When one channel becomes loaded on one end and can't receive any payments in that one direction that channel can still route payments in the other direction and as soon as it does that channel can route payments in both directions again. The dynamics of nodes constantly taking in and pushing out payments on all their channels leads to an equilibrium in which no channel can be have all its capacity on a single side for very long. If for some strange reason this were the case for any non-very-small amount of time the node could rebalance itself by making a transaction to its other payment channels (assuming a node can specify which payment channel it wants to send the payment to, no idea if this is the case, but again, I don't think this would ever be need in practice).
@_date: 2018-06-04 10:02:36
The two big recent competitors to Bitcoin are the Robinhood app and the Square Cash app. Though I'm not sure if they allow actual sending of Bitcoin yet. I think they currently are just for buying/selling and storing your Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-06-04 14:28:52
haha. the average small trader does not have a few dozen bitcoin i can assure you! Nowhere near that! Most people in bitcoin today did not buy up thousands of dollars of bitcoin when it was in the low hundreds or cheaper. A very small amount of traders has that much. A whale is going to be moving dozens to hundreds of bitcoins, i was just choosing the low end of whales.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:24:10
Yeah that's the goal one day at least. For bitcoin to be the bank account. For now I'd say the best approach if you want to do this is to have an emergency fund in the bank for, well, emergencies, have enough money in the checking account for monthly payments, and any money above your emergency fund that you want to put i savings put it in bitcoin. That way you are safe while still using bitcoin as your savings account.
@_date: 2018-06-07 14:45:38
Yeah exactly seeing the unconfirmed transaction is enough for small purchases. Stores already take into account the risk of credit card chargebacks in their prices. So just accepting an unconfirmed transaction is a similar risk. But yeah like Rannasha says LN will entirely solve this.
@_date: 2018-06-05 18:51:18
haha yes you are probably right about that. The only financial framework is made to allow the rich to benefit first and then have the masses allow the masses in to sustain them.
@_date: 2018-06-04 10:10:04
As long as you don't need the money, just hold onto the bitcoin and when for the next boom. No reason whatsoever to sell an exponentially appreciating asset for a loss! Wait 2 years, sell for 10x profit if you want.
@_date: 2018-06-04 18:06:36
I'm finishing up The Age of Cryptocurrency right now. good book!
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:25:08
Well I ended up selling my bitcoin cash from the fork and a few of my bitcoin (unfortunately i didn't sell the bitcoin until the price got low) so I have several tens of thousands of dollars to trade with. I've been doing that off and on, depending on if my trades are stuck or not. At times I've made around 10% a week. And at times, like now, when the price drops I'm just waiting for it to go back up for a while to get my trades out.
I have a couple times taken big losses by selling for a loss in order to be able to keep trading when the price dipped a lot, but for the most part it took longer to make that loss up than it took for the price to go back above my original buy positions, so now I'm just sticking in trades until I can sell for a profit.
I need to get better at trading, my trading strategy has been more FOMO than safe. I need to be more conservative so I'm ready if/when the price drops to buy in low with some of my trading stash, especially since we're still in a bear market. But over the long term I think this will end up great and will probably make me more money than I make at my job, so yeah I'm very excited about trading with this strategy over the coming months/years, refining my trading strategy, and making a boatload of money!
So far I'm very pleased while recognizing that my trading has been pretty bad so I could be doing much better with a more conservative trading strategy.
@_date: 2018-07-08 22:38:47
its always sad to see brainwashed people try to tell educated people that they are brainwashed.
take your own advice, leave the dark basement, go meet people, read (things that aren't conspiracy websites), get an education. Get some perspective on the world, try to actually figure out why Trump is so hated by the majority of the country. Learn about American government and democracy and our values and our institutions - once you read up on those things you'll see why Trump trying to destroy them is a bad thing. There's more to life than being an alt-right looney troll winkywobble. An educated public is the death knell of republicanism/trumpism. Educate yourself and join the free peoples of the world.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:54:36
And plenty of banks and countries where that is not the case. I use what is probably the biggest bank in the world and as I said those are the restrictions. Bitcoin....no restrictions. Describing certain areas of the banking system that has fewer restrictions still doesn't beat bitcoin's ZERO RESTRICTIONS.
@_date: 2018-07-01 23:01:31
ok...none of the things you said in that comment are true sooo not sure why you want a reply.
@_date: 2018-07-10 01:06:13
hahahahahaahahaha. I assume you are posting that because you somehow think that actually means something, which is wow just terribly pathetic.
you do realize that Trump's twitter account is how he spread all his lies right? Almost nothing on his twitter account is the truth. Plus, as I already explained to you (and as everyone in the world has known for a long long time now) Trump uses the term 'fake news' to mean real news that makes him look bad. So essentially Trump just confirmed that story as true.
@_date: 2018-07-09 18:23:52
i hope when you grow up you either educate yourself or seek help. There's a lot more to the world than hateful right wing propaganda and conspiracy theories. Get out and educate yourself.
@_date: 2018-07-01 21:58:33
Actually access to phones farrrrr outstrips access to banking systems among the world's population. One of the big pluses of Bitcoin is to bank the BILLIONS of people who are currently unbanked. Even poor areas of the world many people have phones when nobody has access to a bank.
@_date: 2018-07-09 13:53:37
dude don't even bother arguing with this guy, he's a straight up lunatic. he's probably 15 years old (i feel sorry for him if he is any older than that), spends his time reading conspiracy websites and alt-right hate propaganda, and clearly doesn't know a damn thing about the real world.
He can't even put two comments together without contradicting himself - he blames democrats for taxes, but then says the pentagon has wasted trillions and he doesn't even realize its republicans that push for and demand all those trillions in waste, then he says he likes all that waste on national defense. He likes Trump but complains about American debt and somehow doesn't realize America under Trump just massively increased the deficit in order to funnel money to the rich and...expand the trillions in waste on defense. He's probably never had an original thought in his brain during his short life.
He's the poster child for the looneys on the right: be uneducated, be naive, fear everything, be extremely gullible, trust liars and hate the truth, hate the government, hate debt except when republicans create it (which is most of the debt).
@_date: 2018-07-10 18:09:57
welp we'll see. I think the next boom will happen in 2019 or 2020 and take Bitcoin to maybe 1.5 trillion or so and take crypto to maybe 4 trillion. But I think it'll probably be 5 years until we see crypto get really big where bitcoin is multi-trillion and crypto is approaching 10 trillion.
@_date: 2018-07-16 13:25:05
Volatility will decrease over time as the market matures. Market maturing meaning the price will be many times what it is today as user adoption grows exponentially over the next 5-10 years.
Lightning Network will be used for daily payments and will be used like Android Pay and Apple Pay are used today. It will probably take a decade from say 2020 to 2030 for usage of Bitcoin as a payment medium to become a pretty mainstream thing.
@_date: 2018-07-08 22:01:40
forward thinking directly precludes supporting Trump so your comment doesn't make sense. It takes an idiot to not hate trump, well idiots or people who want to see the downfall of America.
@_date: 2018-07-08 17:44:23
and "fake news" in conservative speak is "reality we are too afraid/cowardly to accept". So no thanks, I'll stick to my real news. It always amazes me that there are actually people in this world like you that are so uneducated and weak minded that you've fallen for the conman and his endless lies.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:47:34
Ah I just checked my bank's interest rate, it's not actually 0.05% I said above, the actual number is 0.01%! If you have significant savings in the bank then it is 0.55%, which even then is still nothing compared to inflation.
@_date: 2018-07-24 13:30:11
Like the guy said start buying now, and buy over a period of time. it'll never go back to $6k. Put a bunch in now (even if it drops in terms of mid-term or long-term this is an excellent price) but not all the money you are thinking about putting in, leave some out in case it drops back to 7000s to recharge. Then on like a weekly continual basis put in how much you can afford each week. We're probably at the start of a roughly 1 to 2 year bull run now so just keep buying for the next 6 months and then start selling at some later point in time little by little whenever you are comfortable. Ideally wait at least a year to sell so you pay less in taxes. Any major crash buy back in if you've already sold some.
Buy 75% BTC and 25% ETH, 0% altcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-24 04:57:08
yeah but that's exactly what your average investor wants. They don't want to deal with the complexities of owning something, they just want something that appreciates in value and have someone else deal with actually controlling and managing their stake. For all those people who don't understand how bitcoin works, which is most people, ETF is for them. Which means a massive wave of new money. Of course it doesn't do anything for the actual purpose of Bitcoin, which is to use as money, but it indirectly helps because it would grow adoption and get more people knowledgable about Bitcoin because more people always do research as it gets more and more mainstream.
@_date: 2018-07-08 04:33:56
Trump is for one thing in this world: Donald Trump. Bitcoin is not Donald Trump so he's not likely to be for it. Besides, why would you want the support of a liar and a conman? This ain't BCH afterall!
@_date: 2018-07-01 23:04:11
Sorry I guess I meant to respond to another one of your comments on here in which you are attempting (poorly) to argue against Bitcoin's openness by saying some banks in some places are somewhat open.
@_date: 2018-07-12 03:09:46
haha so true. Smart money (that wasn't smart enough to get in before last november) is getting in now.
@_date: 2018-07-09 16:57:17
just trying to help you out. but ultimately it's up to you to get the help you need. I know you are brainwashed but you can work to fix that.
@_date: 2018-07-09 13:56:27
stop projecting. educate yourself. the world is bigger than your parent's basement and your favorite conspiracy websites.
@_date: 2018-07-08 22:04:27
I'm sure they have therapists wherever you live. Get help man. It might not even be because you're very stupid, you might just have some serious mental illness that causes delusions. Either way, professional therapy is your only option.
and yeah i have no doubt you'd love to see "it" happen, by which you mean America turn into nazi germany. But most Americans don't want that and we will fight against the weak minded hate-filled people like you.
@_date: 2018-07-08 21:58:27
therapists were invented for people like you. Seriously, seek professional help.
@_date: 2018-07-24 04:53:37
Roger is a pure troll with only his interests at heart. He has sold his soul for BCH and abandoned any sense of supporting the bitcoin revolution in an attempt to control crypto. He is failing bad at it luckily. Just look at everything he says. He is very pathetic.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:04:35
If you transfer to people within your own bank then sure its free, but it also has limits. Someone tried to send me money recently and we both have the same bank and because they hadn't sent me money before they couldn't send more than $500. And even without that restriction the limit is like $2000. With Bitcoin you can send infinity amount. If you don't get the difference you don't get bitcoin. And judging from all your comments here it is clear you don't get bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:18:56
It's previous obvious what I mean. The fact that you are clearly trying to come up with an argument based on technical definitions of a word I used, when my meaning was crystal clear, shows the weakness of your arguments.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:52:55
Nothing in that article refuted what I said (aka the truth).
Perhaps YOU don't understand the value of bitcoin. But your opinion doesn't mean Bitcoin doesn't have huge value for many millions or billions of people.
@_date: 2018-07-09 21:56:02
yes yes i know, any facts that don't fit into your narrow world view are "fake news".
Saying something is fake news is the same as admitting that you know its real and you just don't have any way to argue against facts. So thank you for admitting that.
@_date: 2018-07-24 23:35:50
oh i recognize your name now, i forgot you are a troll.
@_date: 2018-07-01 23:12:46
Sorry I think you don't know much about the banking system. Banks have plenty of restrictions or fees or long wait times for sending money. Heck one time I brought the check for a loan from a reputable bank to my main bank and wanted to get the money in there right then. They put a little bit in immediately, but they ran into problems getting the rest in there. Manager had to come out and call someone to try to make it so it would only take 2 or 3 days, she failed. Took 10 days to get my loan in the bank. Fees, restrictions, delays...these are norms in the banking industry. That's what happens when you have to trust lots of third parties. I really think you don't understand the basics of why bitcoin is so revolutionary.
@_date: 2018-07-08 20:58:43
Fake news in its popular usage today is what Trump and co use to discredit factual news that they don't like. Just look up anything that Trump and republicans/conservative has called fake news the past few years, 99.9% of the time it is factual news that doesn't fit into their narrow world view or it is factual news that makes them look bad (because they are bad!).
all i can say is i hope one day you educate yourself and are able to stop being some conspiracy theory super gullible nut job. Its a big world out there buddy, get out of the basement every once in a while, go meet people with different backgrounds, go travel, read, educate yourself. Don't just live a miserable life in the dark recesses of conspiracy theory websites and alt-right propaganda lying politics.
Also...nazis...really?!? hahaha. You must literally know nothing about nazis. Trump and the republicans are actually very close to nazis in their rhetoric, propaganda, policies, and ideals. But of course, the current favorite arguing strategy for conservatives like yourself is to take your own faults (nazi influences) and project them onto those you disagree with.
I hope you get help, seriously. I can't imagine how dark it must be to live with a mind like yours.
@_date: 2018-07-09 19:01:48
yes in a few years a 1 trillion crypto market cap is gonna be viewed as absolutely tiny. $20k bitcoin will be a blip on the long term chart, just like $1k now is.
@_date: 2018-07-24 23:37:26
last week i shit a coin.
@_date: 2018-07-09 14:02:51
your level of stupidity and naivety is truly astounding. You are truly a little trump nazi soldier. You even told the guy to look at trump's twitter hahahaha. Trump's twitter is a stream of lies, how in the world do you think telling someone to look at what Trump said is evidence of anything other than showing how insane Trump is??
You sure buy into the whole "anything bad trump and republicans do is actually the democrats fault". Let's see, Trump separating children from parents....oh that must be Obama's fault. Trump's government threatening other countries to not support breastfeeding (which is just fucking bizarre in the first place)...oh must be the democrats fault. You have a mental illness.
@_date: 2018-07-01 22:02:21
Pretty sure my savings fund I get like some tiny fraction of a percent of interest, nowhere near inflation. SuperGameTheory is right. Whereas Bitcoin so far the long term interest rate is far more than 100%. That certainly beats the 0.05% or whatever a typical bank savings account pays. Sure you get maybe a few percent if you tie up your money for a bunch of years in the bank, but not if you just have it in savings and can access it whenever you want.
@_date: 2018-07-07 06:30:16
ah yes, the forever wait! haha 
@_date: 2018-07-12 03:15:33
Yeah that is absolutely where bitcoin is right now. We're gliding along the bottom of the market right now. It'll probably be 12-24 months before the next boom begins, but I would say by Fall the next probably 2+ year bull market will be starting.
@_date: 2018-07-28 15:50:19
Sure a Bitcoin ETF does nothing to serve the actual purpose of bitcoin, which is to use it to transact value (ie use as money). But right now, and for years still to come, the main goal is increasing user adoption. Bitcoin price going up will increase adoption. ETF will make the price go up. At the same time the ecosystem for actually using bitcoin to buy things needs to be built out, and the incentive to do this increases with adoption, which increases with price, which ETF will help a lot. When a billion people own Bitcoin and you can quickly transact with it on many major online merchants and brick and mortar merchants, and you have a bunch of money in bitcoin, that's when people start using it for its purpose: as money.
An ETF is simply a step along the way to greater adoption which is what Bitcoin requires.
@_date: 2018-07-10 01:42:49
dude. you've hit rock bottom. you actually tried to use trump's twitter as proof of something. i laughed so hard. I mean it is beyond pathetic, and i weep for humanity knowing that there are people out there as stupid as you, but it was funny thinking about how dumb what you said was. Enjoy your paranoid fake news world.
@_date: 2018-07-09 18:54:43
well we all know that isn't true: you listen to trump.
@_date: 2018-07-08 22:42:39
first you don't know what woke means, now you don't no what alt-right means and you don't know what objective means. It's like you are trying really hard to prove me right about you.
but ok buddy, spend your life in the basement, afraid of the world, crying in self-pity, refusing to help yourself. It's your life. I just tend to think that each of us has the obligation to be educated and informed and to live a good life instead of a sad bitter pitiful life in a dark basement in fear of everything. But to each his own i guess.
@_date: 2018-07-08 22:31:18
hahahah. oh man, alt-right uneducated trolls are too funny. Judging by your other comments I fully believe you think you are using the word "woke" right hahaha. oh man. Sorry troll, woke actually means the exact opposite of how you're trying to use it. Leave your parent's basement and tell your mom you need professional help now.
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:55:51
Bitcoin Cash is a scam coin, from conception to current day promotion. It's entire value pitch revolves around using the Bitcoin name and attempting to trick people into thinking it is Bitcoin and that Bitcoin isn't Bitcoin, ya know cuz that totally makes sense. But it is a good coin to make money off of because its a scammy pump and dump coin, its not a coin to actually use for anything other than trading and it can't scale. If it did start getting a lot of transactions (up to its 32mb blocksize fork coming up) it would turn into an incredibly centralized crypto, thus eliminating the benefits of blockchain.
Bitcoin Cash doesn't have a future because it's entire pitch is based around tricking people into buying it.
@_date: 2018-04-24 15:58:44
I think if you are a large holder you can contact Coinbase about increasing your withdrawal limit on GDAX.
@_date: 2018-04-24 16:32:32
Fees are not tied to price of the coin, no matter what coin. The fees on bitcoin didn't go up to crazy amounts in december because the price went way up. Fees are tied to space in the blocks. Fees got crazy because the blocks were full with a huge back log of transactions waiting so people had to put higher and higher fees to get their transactions sent in a reasonable amount of time. Now at a price of $9000 bitcoin fees are like what they were a year ago at a price of $1000. Price and fees are not directly linked only indirectly through the direct linkage of usage to fees.
I'm tired of seeing people claim Bitcoin transactions will cost hundreds of dollars when the price gets higher (not saying you said that, but I've seen plenty of people claim that when fees got high in december), it will only cost that much if the usage skyrockets and the blockchain's throughput does not increase to match (though it is increasing with stuff like segwit and LN).
Anyway, yes BCH fees will increase if they ever were to get a lot of usage, and since they are sticking to everything onchain their only option would be to increase blocksize even more and make BCH super centralized to the point where it loses its value proposition. And of course if it became centralized there would be little competition in the mining market so those that control the BCH mining could raise fees as much as they like no matter if blocks are full or not.
@_date: 2018-07-25 17:22:49
nope. just honesty. honesty is my best. clearly not your strong suit though.
@_date: 2019-05-07 22:08:21
I think a lot of the old gold bugs will stick to their guns and keep their gold until they are pushing up daises. But then that gold gets passed to younger people who understand bitcoin and we could see that gold value move into bitcoin.
As a general rule, old people don't get new technology, so with every passing year more people who don't understand it die off and new young people are getting their first job or saving or investing money for the first time so more and more of the economic pie is going to move to bitcoin naturally just because of this.