@_author: thecookiemonster
@_date: 2015-07-03 12:51:31
[frizbee.co]( is an attempt at a decentralized reddit, but I haven't had time to evaluate it yet.
I imagine it will need some work, their [github is here](
 
Edit: [BitcoinIsLiberty]( also points out [aether]( (with [github]( and subreddit Aether looks damn cool, I may start hacking on it myself (it needs work).
@_date: 2015-07-22 04:48:36
[openwireless.org has a lot to say on this]( One of the movement's goals is to head off the notion that a person and an IP address can be treated as equivalent, so they don't want VPN to be the default solution, but don't be fooled by the URL - the page doesn't just cover myths.
I already run an openwireless.org wifi, but the Australian government is tech illiterate, fickle, and forces ISPs to record metadata, so rather than risk fighting the IP ≠ person fight here, I pipe users' traffic straight overseas via VPN. 
(which unfortunately means 300ms pings → slow https handshakes)
@_date: 2012-09-14 03:26:12


This is what scares me about Bitcoin, if it ever takes off as a currency are we expecting everyone to store a copy of every transaction anyone makes world-wide? (I put off adopting Bitcoin because this aspect was so incredible that I thought I must not properly understand how Bitcoin works)
Wikipedia says Merkle trees might be able to solve this problem:


But this sounds like the entire currency is depending on there not being unforseen complications when people try to avoid storing the entire block-chain. And is that even enough to stop the scalability problems - everyone still needs to know every *recent* transaction in the world (now add high speed trading?). Could storage and bandwidth advances really keep up with widespread bitcoin adoption?
Can anyone elaborate on this? If implementing the shift is trivial enough that we can be sure it will work without having done it, wouldn't it also be trivial enough that someone would have tried an implementation already? Keeping a local copy of the entire blockchain is already a hinderance.
(I know this issue will have been discussed to death *somewhere*, but I've not found much beyond the wikipedia snippet)
@_date: 2011-12-15 15:09:32
And its profit goes to Treasury.
@_date: 2013-05-22 17:42:31
That's a common misunderstanding of how fractional reserve lending causes the 10x money multiplication effect.
I deposit 100 gold bars, the bank must keep a reserve of 10% and is able to loan out 90 gold bars, which they do. The person who borrowed that gold then uses it to buy the thing they took the loan for and hands the 90 gold bars to a retailer, who deposits them in their own bank account. This means the bank just received another 90 gold bars in deposits from the retailer, it keeps a reserve of 10% and loans out 81 gold bars... so far 171 bars have been lent out from an initial deposit of 100, if you continue this process (and assume unlimited divisibility), it approaches a limit of 900 gold bars being lent out by the bank (and its gold in reserve approaches 100). Note that every time the bank lent gold they handed over real physical gold to the borrower, not IOUs or numbers in a computer, and at no point did the bank lend out more gold than it had received in deposits.
In the real world the money a bank lends doesn't usually get deposited back into the same bank (and not all of it ends up back in a bank), but since all the banks are doing the same thing we can treat the whole banking system as one, and aggregate the whole chain of transactions into statements like "with an initial deposit of 100, the bank is able to lend out 900", those statements get misunderstood and spread across YouTube and the Internet.
I used physical gold to help illustrate how fractional reserve banking would still work perfectly with Bitcoin. A Bitcoin bank account that handles security and pays depositors some interest in bitcoins is going to be a useful service for many. Cryptography ensures there can be no Fed to backstop a bitcoin bank from a bank-run, so chequing accounts that pay interest would be riskier in Bitcoin, but the borderless nature of Bitcoin means it would have to be a global bank-run against all bitcoin banks to matter. However, that risk of bank runs can be avoided by the bank requiring term deposits - accounts where the depositor has already agreed they can't withdraw their money until after the set time when the bank expects to have been paid back (rather than banks just counting on being able to wing it with their reserves and being able to borrow from other banks or the Fed).
tl;dr fractional reserve banking can multiply bitcoin and debt the same way it does with fiat.
@_date: 2013-05-13 04:47:56
Is there a stolen bitcoin registry for compiling information like this?
Something for research purposes, to aid the study and monitoring of [alleged] thefts that are occuring. i.e. not a protocol for [tainting]( the coins, nor an attempt to establish truth of allegations.
@_date: 2013-02-06 22:50:45
Is it just me, or did they just remove BTC? 
There's nothing about it in the [change notes]( for for v4.62 but even time I open it I get "The following currencies are no supported, please change them. BTC"*&lt;sic&gt;*
@_date: 2013-12-04 08:35:40


I know you want to avoid the word "escrow", but many readers probably had no idea what m of n transactions are.
Perhaps **"Using the power of programmable money, new open-source website lets anyone have creditcard-like peace of mind when purchasing from strangers using bitcoin"**
I'm not great at headlines, but "Bitcoin m-of-n arbitrated transactions" is understating what you have started, and the whole site is important for non-technical people too.
Also, Paypal automates their initial arbitration, and Bitrated could too. e.g. if you can't contact the seller, or seller isn't responding, open a dispute, then if the seller doesn't respond to the dispute the transaction can be closed in buyer's favour without involving paid arbitration - who would rule the same way. (e.g. seller goes on holiday or something else happens to them, and they didn't close the shop)
@_date: 2013-08-12 14:23:38
Has this project been abandoned? 
I ask because it's been a month and the website doesn't have https support turned on, which seems like the first thing that would be on the list.
@_date: 2013-09-03 10:45:47
What a beautiful mystery.
It would be interesting to see the distribution shape plotted against time. That might offer a clue to whether it's poor initial use of a random number generator or something else. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 07:04:26
If you don't already have any, experiment with this and some wallets (perhaps Electrum?) while you sort out an exchange:
+1 mBTC
I was going to say use localbitcoins.com until coinjar supports New Zealand, but google suggests there are already exchanges in NZ. Perhaps try those with small amounts to start off with - localbitcoins.com is usually expensive.
@_date: 2013-03-13 22:23:49
If you read some of the emails as a layman, initially without context, there are phrases that do blow you away by how flagrantly *and clearly* it sounds like they misrepresented data. But the emails weren't sent to layman - once I knew the context they read completely differently and you realise climate-gate was a giant beat-up over nothing ([this example is the most misread one]( This stuff has been out there long enough that people continuing to present "climategate" as evidence of dishonesty are now being dishonest themselves.
There wasn't "an investigation", [there were at least eight of them]( and they all found the same thing - laymen aren't good at understanding emails sent between scientists :)
It's all quite unfortunate.
@_date: 2013-04-01 13:14:07
I'm the same using Firefox (19.0.2) on Windows XP, I can see the B with vertical dash, but the other one is rendered as a box with 
 02
 43
in it. The B with single horizontal dash looks good in your photo though.
@_date: 2013-10-11 07:37:11
If the sites which enable people to sell their creations (lulu, zazzle, cafepress, shapeways etc) could be pursuaded to not only accept bitcoin, but to also give sellers the option of recieving their cut from bitcoin sales *in bitcoin* (without any btc-&gt;fiat-&gt;btc) then
* normal people have ways to work for bitcoin without quiting their day job, or mining. 
* those wishing to get into bitcoin have an incentive to display "bitcoin welcome here" in all their own promotional websites and activities, which is often seperate from the back-end site that fills the order, so you encourage a widespread grassroots appearance of acceptance.
* with intellectual property, the bitcoin-economy loop starts to close.
(Perhaps etsy too? I don't know much about etsy)
@_date: 2013-08-13 00:21:10
Excellent. 
Thanks for the response - it does look like a promising site.
@_date: 2013-11-01 14:17:15
Certificates are nice, the solvent vulnerability means a chain of custody could be useful, but what's the purpose of proving the age of the coin? Doesn't the initial funding transaction prove the age - at least as much as a dated photo would? Is it more to establish the age of the certificate?
@_date: 2013-11-03 03:53:18
There's also [Lamassu bitcoin atms]( for $5000, but they only convert cash to bitcoin, not both ways.
@_date: 2013-04-01 14:05:27
It must be the font provided by Windows - I tried Internet Explorer and it also had the ฿, but rendered the Ƀ as a box.
@_date: 2013-08-07 00:32:06
If bitcoin continues to succeed then regulation will happen with or without our input, and when it happens you want the foundations to be written by pro-bitcoin businesses rather than initiated by crime and money-laundering enforcement agencies. Though kwanijml makes a point that perhaps later is a better gamble than now.
Those who don't care about the government are already protected from it by the technology. Those affected by regulation, such as businesses needing to connect with banks, need the inevitable cryptocurrency regulation to not be terrible.
@_date: 2013-03-25 01:28:48


Even [natural herbal medicine advocates are sick of their lies and bs]( (link provides example of Natural News knowingly telling porkies)
Anyone can safely spot the nuttery when Natural News is claiming the Japanese earthquake was initiated by the US army, or [the Aurora shooting was a false-flag attack]( or that vaccines are a plan by Bill Gates to kill and sterilize the 3rd world, but it gets slightly insidious with the more regular looking "New study finds..." type articles where they misrepresent and even reverse medical information - unless you go and read the actual study (and can understand it), you get fooled. You go down their rabbit hole while feeling that you're up with the latest research.
But good for them regarding bitcoin, it's not like every other adopter is above-board. 
As an asside, I'm guessing the reason Natural News is unreliable and full of government paranoia and conspiracy crap - [Mike Adams]( is probably the very same reason they've adopted bitcoin. (i.e. it probably wasn't sign of the tide or a business decision in the  traditional sense we were hoping it was)
@_date: 2013-03-25 03:29:11
Using vaccines to help reduce childhood mortality rates and its flow-on effect of raising lots of children is not using vaccines to kill or sterilize, and should not be so misrepresented.
Given both your username and your defence of his fringe beliefs, this wouldn't happen to be *the actual* Mike "the Health Ranger" Adams, would it?