@_author: theclam159
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:04:53
Madoff lied to people who were giving him money to invest, so that's a completely different issue.
Bitcoin is designed to be free from outside regulation and anyone who is investing in it should be aware of that.  It's a new, as-yet-unproven asset and if you're buying and selling Bitcoins, you're swimming with sharks.  "Innocent buyers" are out to make a buck, just like the "manipulators."  The supposed manipulations appear publicly on the exchanges, so savvy buyers should be able to use that information to inform their investments.  A buy or sell order is just an order.  It's not a misrepresentation or an artificial price.  It should be obvious that they can be cancelled at any time and that they may have been placed solely to influence the price.  A buyer who is too "innocent" to understand that should stick with safer investments.
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:27:35
It's an asset with a price that is publicly tradeable on an exchange for regular currency.  It's definitely comparable.  If it's not comparable to anything, then that's major cause for concern, in and of itself.
Bitcoin isn't magic.  There's no reason that it couldn't follow in the footsteps of previous bubbles.  Of course, that's not inevitable.  Anyone who is confident in their predictions about Bitcoin's price is insane, in my opinion.  The best that we can do is guess.
@_date: 2013-04-07 03:25:37
I don't think bitcoin competes directly with credit cards.  Bitcoins are more like a check.  When you use your Visa card, you are taking out a short-term loan.  This is very attractive to people who struggle to maintain positive bank balances.  When you make a transaction with your credit card, you also have various buyer protections from fraud that you don't get with bitcoin (because bitcoins transactions are irreversible).  Visa and Mastercard could also certainly offer credit cards that are denominated in bitcoins.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:33:34
I would argue that beneficial *individual* behavior is what is selected for.  A decentralized system composed of intelligent, independent agents (i.e. humans) will do what is in their own individual best interests, *not* what is in the interest of the collective whole.  This is a free market, so apart from a few true believers, everyone is trying to make as much money for themselves as they can.  Most would gladly engage in behavior that hurts the future of Bitcoin, if they get some individual benefit from it.  If they don't, then they get out-competed by those who will.
Evolution works this same way, and does not necessarily lead to a species getting "better and better over time," as it often leads a species towards extinction.
Surely there will be some technological solution to many of the difficulties that Bitcoin purports to solve.  I would agree with you that it remains to be seen if Bitcoin is it, but I would also add that it is still very uncertain that crypto-currencies "will eventually emerge with widespread usability."
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:48:24
Professional means that someone is paying you money to work in the field.  If whereheis has been getting paid to work as an equities trader for 3 years, then I would submit that he is, in fact, a professional.  Whether his analysis is correct is another issue.
Also, before taking Malcolm Gladwell's words as fact, you should understand that many of his claims have been criticized by people who have been working in the field for far more hours than he has.  If you bother to [scroll down in the link you posted]( you will see this.
@_date: 2013-04-12 20:13:47
I think he very much would disagree with your characterization that it is unhackable.  It's naive to think that any system is unhackable.
His point is that he believes Bitcoin is well-designed from a security perspective.  That's a very important thing, to be sure, but don't let yourself believe that any computer system you use is perfectly safe.