@_author: thedarph
@_date: 2018-03-05 20:03:32
Being arrested might look fun from the outside??? What? Who the hell thinks this?
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:25:16
There’s always some scapegoat isn’t there? Banks are evil but whenever crypto markets are tanking it’s because of the Whales and when things are good it’s because the utopian crypto community made it that way.  I think you have to be open to the possibility that it might just be a scam. Not in the sense that someone started this scam to rip people off but in the sense that the idea of Bitcoin as a global currency just isn’t realistic. 
Distributed ledgers (blockchain) are not a new idea. It’s been around for a while but there’s really been no use for it. Everything you can do with Bitcoin you can do with fiat currency. Name it: anonymous transactions, instant transfers, low fee (even free) transactions. We have that already. 
If the price of Bitcoin wasn’t so volatile do you think most average folks would care about it? Not likely. Before last year most people were truly in it for the tech (doesn’t matter if they were wrong or not) or to conduct some shady transaction. And that’s where Bitcoin excels actually. Now it’s a speculative asset or you’ve bought into the utopian, libertarian dream, or both. 
But think about it. If the world, or even just your own country switched over to Bitcoin as currency today the same issues would exist. Those evil wealthy people would have the means to run all the mining operations, the whales would control most of the wealth, and everyone goes on and looks for a new way to acquire wealth. 
I say this as a software developer who has money in multiple cryptocurrencies. You have to look at all sides of the situation. You can’t just subscribe to this ideal ideology and ignore all the issues crypto has. This party looks like it can keep going for a while but I don’t see it outlasting or even coming close to overthrowing the banking system. 
@_date: 2018-03-05 20:10:48
So to be clear here, is this just for you or is this a resource for defendants and lawyers? If you want to push an agenda that’s fine but you can’t have it both ways and you should be open to criticism. The person you’re replying to actually makes a good point. If I were running your site I’d let that sink in. 
@_date: 2018-03-05 20:22:01
They’ll stop when people stop laundering money and pay their taxes. The bogeyman, I mean government, doesn’t give a flying fuck whether you accept, sell, or exchange any kind of crypto. They care about what you’re doing around any transaction and that you pay taxes. 
Why do you think the mob is always getting busted by the IRS? You think the authorities don’t know what the mob is doing for money? Of course it does but it can’t prove it. What they can prove is that Little Joey Mafioso took in a fuck ton of cash last year out of nowhere and didn’t pay taxes. But even then it’s not about the taxes, it’s about getting a criminal off the street somehow even if it’s not directly for the crime they’re trying to nail him on. 
Same with crypto. You can use it all day every day. No one cares. Just make sure no one figures out you’re selling pharms on the dark web or anything like that because even if they can’t prove you did it they can probably make a good case that you took in money and didn’t pay the tax. 
And if you think you shouldn’t have to pay taxes... well then go figure out a way to fund public infrastructure and put it into law or start your own country somewhere. That argument is juvenile and a non-starter. 
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:49:13
Everyone keeps using words like “will”. I get the idea, I know what can potentially happen in an ideal world but what I’m trying to figure out is what path does Bitcoin have in the real world, not the ideal hypothetical world, to become the world’s new currency? I know that just like the crypto markets no one has a crystal ball but can we at least talk about this in terms of the real world? There just seems like there’s a huge gulf between the realm of what’s possible and what’s probable. 
@_date: 2018-03-06 02:31:28
We live in a really polarized world. People can’t differentiate between an overall good country with some really fucked up problems and some imaginary perfect socialist/libertarian utopia like Norway or whatever. I’m no patriot but  it’s pretty easy to see how good we have it in the states and, you know, basic things like how taxes work (I swear to god if someone tries to tell me all taxes are bad because they partly go to fund wars my head will explode). 
@_date: 2018-02-22 18:43:09
Does decentralization even matter? The current monetary system can be run using a distributed ledger and nothing changes. The real mind boggling questions are how is Bitcoin immune to the basic realities of economics? Not everyone wants or knows how to participate in the Bitcoin economy outside of just holding bitcoin. So when the world decentralizes and “the community” gets a hold of the “blockchain” (distributed ledger) what then stops those people from making it just as hard to influence this future ideal Bitcoin economy as it is to influence monetary policy today? Nothing. It just sounds like a lot of poor people with a pipe dream of overthrowing the establishment and becoming the new establishment. As a poor person myself (relatively speaking), I’d much rather throw a few buck into this speculation frenzy, see what comes out, and focus on more productive ways of getting rich. 
@_date: 2018-02-20 19:18:30
Correct me if I’m wrong but the insurance they offer only covers your USD. If your coins are stolen then they don’t have to reimburse you for any of them. That said, I too feel most secure on Coinbase/GDAX. 
@_date: 2018-02-09 01:13:43
So you’re a Buttcoiner then? Go to your people in r/Buttcoin 
@_date: 2018-02-23 03:34:47
Again I’m seeing willful ignorance. In theory yes, Bitcoin does that but I’m not seeing how it does it better than what we already have. 
A Bitcoin transaction is never directly between two parties. It always goes through the network. It may be a decentralized network but that’s the third party. The fact that it’s decentralized makes it harder for any single bad actor to fuck with that but the current system lets you send wire transfers instantly across borders too and banks are regulated so there’s recourse in some jurisdiction if something goes wrong. 
I can carry large amounts safely today. It’s called my debit or credit card. And what’s great about it is that if I forget my PIN or someone fraudulently accesses my account there are safeguards in place to not only stop it before I lose all my money but I also get that money back. Remember, your private keys are just your keys to a spot on the blockchain. No one ever actually stores bitcoin itself on their person. I mean, you could walk around with a hard drive carrying the full ledger but that’s not what people usually mean when the carry-large-amounts argument comes up. 