@_author: thedevilisok
@_date: 2018-05-14 09:24:53
Why is it disgusting? Doesn't it kinda make sense? 
How many times do you have the need to make a purchase of anything that is worth 1000+ USD/Euros? 
People stealing money is a real problem, and so is large sums of money from drug trades and prostitution. Having a money cap in stores etc. helps keep check on larger sums of money in a way?
@_date: 2018-05-15 20:46:19


I highly disagree with this. The reason we have government is because we have all agreed on some pretty basic rules under which we can all live freely without harming each other, and helping out people in need. 


Ok, so to pre-face this, I'm not from USA, but this sounds insane??? How could the government suddenly freeze your account? They shouldn't be able to do this without lawyers approval and have a really strong suspicion that you are doing something highly illigal? 


This cannot be real....??? Then what the f*** is the purpose of a bank?
I mean, *IF* what you say is something that actually happens/can happen, then yeah that's really fucked up. But, atleast in my country, that would NEVER happen. 
@_date: 2018-05-16 06:29:44
To preface everything I say, I'm from Denmark, and this is my danish perspective on things. I am subscribed to and know how fucked up some things are in the US. But just because it's fucked up in the US, doesn't mean that governmen is a bad thing. It just means that the government in the US needs changes. 


As someone who lives in Denmark is have the complete 180 view on this.. I love the way our government works, and i legitimately think they are purely here to make my life easier and because of that i have less worries in my life. Everything is taken care of. 
I know that I havn't lived it, i'm only in my mid twenties. But I do know several people working in banks and even for our govermental tax firm, and having heard lots of stories that are both good and bad, nothing comes close to being *that* bad. And this might be a danish-only thing, i would have no idea. 


I actually checked for this, and, again in Denmark, the absolute *only* way an account can be frozen is with a warrant, which is not easy to get. So I don't know someone at a bank would be able to make the mistake of freezing an account. And even if they did, you can just call them and they'll have it unfrozen instantly. 


Again, this sounds really weird - but there must be a logical reason for this? And regarding your edit, yes here in Denmark we have to pay a very small fee, about 8-16 USD for any account. There have been cases with negative rates, but very minor, i personally am getting up to 5% earnings on my savings account - which is quite a lot of money in the long run. 


Not much to say, I did read about it in the news, and it's obviously a fucked up situation - no doubt Bitcoin would have been really handy.


I'm not going to argue that all governments are working for the good of the people. I think the government in the US, and several other big countires are corrupt to the bone, and are working mainly for selfish reasons. But then again, that's part of living the American dream? Everyone wants to achieve the most for themselves? The problem I see with your point of view, is that - yes - governments can be bad and not working as intended, but the reason we should work to make it better is to make our own and others' lives easier. 


Why am I into Bitcoin? Aside from the mining, I really love the idea of decentralized currencies, and I especially love blockchain technology. It's honestly, as I assume you would agree, one of the stronger tools invented in the last many years and the potential is incredible. I do like government, but to be fair my government probably works slightly better than many others, it still has issues, but overall I'm very happy with it. That doesn't mean I also love banks. If I didn't have to use a bank, I probably wouldn't. And by people being more hands-on with their own money I do think less people will be economically illiterate, which would be a good thing. If you think that the way to give people power is by using Bitcoin, then that's totally perfect - but I personally see Bitcoin as a means of trying to limit the symptoms, instead of curing the disease. 
Sorry for the wall of text.. Was kinda bored. 