@_author: thedecrypter_com
@_date: 2019-06-03 10:32:14
I have never touched Bcash.
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:32:27
Read chapter four of this book: Krugman, P. (2009). The return of depression economics The Return of Depression Economics and the Crisis of 2008. U.S.A., W. W. Norton &amp; Company.
It explains the crash in detail, without conspiracy theories. :)
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:34:17
It has actually provided me with higher returns than simply holding Bitcoin would. Regarding the future, only time will tell.
I always try to align my decision with reality, and I will keep trying.
Happy investing!
@_date: 2019-06-02 10:29:37
Yeah, you are right, that may not be the best way to judge the size of a community. I just wanted a quick gauge.
However, there are three different Bitcoins in top 10 by market cap, there are about 50k active Bcash adresses and about 50k daily volume. And that's just one of these forks. I am by no means saying this is the doom for Bitcoin, but it devalues the brand a bit. Many new comers can be confused over which Bitcoin is the real one. And there is no denying that there are people who have followed Bitcoin for a long time but now are for other Bitcoin forks, meaning that some community members have left Bitcoin for other forks. Again, that's a minority, but it does have a small impact.
I do not even have Twitter so I am not reading anything there.
Thanks for your links!
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:03:56
Thanks for reading!
Of course Bitcoin was ground breaking. As you said, it managed to create an internet of not only information, but of value. However, figuratively, I am not arguing that internet is not going to succed, I am arguing AOL is not going to succed, MSN is not going to succeed etc. The first application of something rarely succeeds in the long term.
I know it is being improved, but the development is too slow compared to other cryptos. Technologically there are much better options which will probably be the cryptos that bring blockchain to the masses.
Blockchain is slow and often impractical now but it has huge potential and is being improved upon greatly every single year. But it is not Bitcoin which is driving blockchain forward, it is all the other projects that are testing the limits and creating the most innovation.
However, as I said in the article, Bitcoin will probably keep increasing in value but rather as an investment vehicle than an actuall currency.
I am grateful for your opinions. Always interesting to hear others thought on my articles.
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:43:38
First of all, I said "It could be argued that all the forks of BTC are inflationary to BTC as it devalues the original BTC by splitting the community and diluting the brand." I am not saying that is the definitive case, rather that there are arguments suggesting that.
Secondly, inflation is not only encouraging spending, it is mostly encouraging investments which are good for both the individual and soceity as a whole.
Thirldy, what do you think happens to your purchasing power when everyones money increases by the same ammount? The real increase is non existant as everything (including debt) will become proportionally more expensive.
Forthly, yes debt has to be paid back in the currency that it was issued in. That's a big reason for the asian financial crisis in the 90s, where the value of many asian currencies dropped to the degree that their debt from U.S. creditors became much more expensive.
Fifthly, that was not my ending paragraph. And it is muxh easier to use Bitcoin than fiat for illegal online purchases, is it not?
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:45:17
I'll gladly wave you back from my private jet. If I'll be able to see you down there. ;)
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:22:08
I am not forcing you to anything, just bringing some thoughtful suggestions to hopefully help with your investments.
Happy investing, mate!
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:20:40
"In software engineering, a project fork happens when developers take a copy of source code from one software package and start independent development on it, creating a distinct and separate piece of software. The term often implies not merely a development branch, but also a split in the developer community, a form of schism"  (
This is almost a perfect description of what happend with all the Bitcoin forks. If you have any sources that shows that Bitcoin Cash and the rest are not forks per se, then I would love to read them. However I am not here to argue semantics.
There is a split community, you can't deny that. Just read the bottom comment from that Bitcoin SV shill on this post. There we have a guy who probably followed Bitcoin but got torn away to one of its many forks. 
Personaly i believe the original Bitcoin to be the best iteration and many of the forks are probably scams but that does not make it any less devaluing to the Bitcoin community and to the Bitcoin brand.
Even though you may feel as sure as ever on Bitcoin, that does not change the fact that there are a quarter million+ in the Bitcoin cash community (looking at their reddit members), and more spread out over the other Bitcoin forks.
Anyways, this was just a minor point of mine which I am not even sure is 100% right, which is why I said that "it can be argued that...".
If you would read the whole article you would probably have gotten a better picture of what I meant. Taking part in others view points is what leads to improvement. :)
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:47:25
Jokes aside. I believe blockchain is one of the biggest inventions this century (yet), but I just don't believe that Bitcoin will be the definite crypto to push this great technology into the future.
@_date: 2019-05-31 22:25:32
I am by no way saying the current system is great. I am just saying that Bitcoin specifically will not be able to replace it. I do however, believe that Blockchain will change the financial system in a positive way.
Thanks for your thoughts!