@_author: thediogenes
@_date: 2013-12-07 00:17:40
bank notes are debt. bitcoins ledger doesn't deal with IOU's
@_date: 2013-12-01 05:20:11
My university started selling vacation packages to alumni after calling us up and begging for more money didnt work.
@_date: 2013-12-01 05:27:39
Is there a positive relationship between lines of code and "security"?
@_date: 2013-11-25 03:04:12
he really only owns half of it, is that what you're getting at? :D
@_date: 2013-11-27 14:56:51
But you don't need to pay any transaction fees to create/verify wallets/addresses. Therefore one can create tons of them, and tax the system by verifying / syncing all these wallets. Or at the least, use up all the wallet addresses.
A mining farm could even do this to slow down everyone elses nodes so that they get the majority of traffic/time advantage.
@_date: 2013-12-06 08:04:48
buy a house or other investment to avoid capital gains...not a car
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:17:33
ok, so wallets are not part of the system until they are involved in a transaction. thats a nice feature. Why does my wallet software on my computer, with unused wallets, go through a "connecting" phase while starting up? Its a needless network connection? Do many clients make needless connections?
but take this scenario. you install a fresh node software on a clean computer ( or a few million). Does it not have to download the blockchain? There are no transaction fees, but network resources are being used. Am I missing something? What if one was to direct all these computers to update their blockchain file from only targeted nodes (slowing down all but the attackers mining pool)?
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:03:17
Thanks for your replies.
"You can DDOS an online service that would be creating addresses for you, but that would only take down that one service."
- I didnt think we needed a centralized online service to create addresses?
Does generating a wallet create network traffic? Does verifying existing wallets create network traffic?
@_date: 2013-11-27 02:34:44
Slowly cash out all but 20% of your holdings as a percentage of your net total assets [ assets(things u own outright) - liabilites(things you owe)] at fair market value. As a hedge and to avoid attracting attention, each day take out 1%. Try and deal locally as much as possible rather than using the electronic exchanges. With that cash, buy real estate/precious metals/local businesses you believe in. Re-adjust your portfolio yearly. I can pretty much guarantee with this strategy your legacy will be preserved for eternity, sans externalities (ie  civil difficulties ). You should confide in your most trusted and successful family member. Take care! tip jar: 1CUiaswdUYfvsCJofa4kvNdSxNfe8NQj4V
@_date: 2013-12-27 05:55:38
another semi random thought:
lets say there is a large physical market with many vendors, like a swap meet or trade show, farmers market, etc
there is a benefit to the network if someone runs high quality node to originate ( be the first hop from a wallet ) transactions. I think this node should be rewarded somehow for "originating" honest transactions. Perhaps the tx fee could split between miners verifying blocks and the single node originating honest transactions.
There is value to a high quality ( low latency, fast cpu ) node that originates an honest transaction.  For example a satellite node helping process transactions from the moon to earth should get a fee for its useful network topology, and if someone builds a better/faster node that pushes thru honest transactions faster they should be rewarded.
@_date: 2013-11-25 19:54:47
its good advice. for example, if a person just inherited $100k, is the best decision to buy bitcoins? Liquidity ftw.
@_date: 2013-11-27 06:36:58
Do you know I'm not talking about brute forcing keys to wallets?
I'm talking about brute forcing the account creation/address space with so much junk that it would a) down the system from bandwidth and cpu limits, and b) be impossible to separate legit wallet/verifications from spam.
Or, at the least, to "use up" every single wallet/address that exists.
@_date: 2013-12-27 18:43:34
Thank you for the reply. Here is some clarification.
So bitcoind sends the transaction to multiple nodes for propagation "virtually" simultaneously. A fact is that one node will get the transaction faster than others. Also, one node ( maybe the same that received the transaction first ) will be able to send it out to the network faster than others. There will always be ~one~ of those nodes that is able to complete the task of accepting the original transaction, doing the cpu work, and propagating the honest transaction faster than others. That originating node will be of higher value and should be rewarded. The value can be measured by how much faster the task was done relative to the 2nd fastest node.
Nobody would be forcing the sports arena merchants, festival vendors, etc to use the fastest (probably topologically local with a fast cpu and high quality internet backbone link) node. The fact that a node was setup with such characteristics that it "originates" honest transactions first is why its valuable.
Yes, I do think valuable nodes ~should~ be compensated for originating honest transactions the fastest. I think that it was perhaps an oversight in an otherwise perfect accounting system in understanding the value of nodes. I suppose I think its kind of an incentive that would strengthen the network by rewarding value.
Unless someone can convince me it is not valuable to have such a node ( or makes this change into a coin), it will bug me for the eternity of crypto coins. Someone saying there's so "little" value that it is not worth the reward is not enough. I'd have to be proven there is absolutely no value to these nodes I call valuable.
I also think the perfect altcoin adjusts difficulty not only based on network hash rate, but also on coin days destroyed. you need to factor in the velocity of money.
@_date: 2013-11-27 15:33:03
Thank you for the link! I now understand wallets are files on the computer used for generating protected addresses, and that addresses are only added to the blockchain if they are involved in transaction. Someone can instantiate an address by sending money to an ungenerated/empty/unclaimed address, since this involves a transaction. The only way to saturate the address space would be to send 1 satoshi to all addresses ( or at least an inconvenient share). This is currently economically not practical. Addresses are 160bit for performance. I haven't opened a packet sniffer yet to see what my software wallet is doing when launched and it "connects and verifys" itself to the network to see if this is non-transaction fee network traffic.
Separate isssue: I am a bit unnerved to see that there is still a central IRC (internet relay chat) server that acts like a hub to propagate blockchain info. In what way is the service of the IRC service/channel accounted for/secured/managed? Surely IRC servers are prone to DDOS (and other civil) attacks, what are the ramifications? I heard the system can survive without it ( for a while? ) so why have it at all? Is this run by other speculators?
But getting back to the original topic...
"Bitcoin makes these attacks more difficult by only making an outbound connection to one IP address per /16 (x.y.0.0). Incoming connections are unlimited and unregulated, but this is generally only a problem in the anonymity case, where you're probably already unable to accept incoming connections. "
I now see why bitcoin has a problem with IPV6. As it stands, seems like a hacked/custom client/node could easily get past the per subnet outgoing connection limit and then proceed to flood targets with incoming connections. Am I wrong? Even invalid transactions/connections/attempts would eat resources. And at a lower level, target nodes could be syn(or similar) flooded in order to influence the assignment of blocks/transactions to miners. To be rational, it would be easier to dos pools' nodes, or heavily vested miners, and charge ransom/bounty than try and get a reward in system. [edits done]
@_date: 2013-11-27 05:03:57
I'm not 100% researched in this...but....
Why can't someone run a ddos on the system in the form of generating enough seemingly legit wallets/addresses that it saturates bandwidth/cycles...or at least....the address space?