@_author: thedooronyourleft
@_date: 2014-06-17 08:29:42
I don't agree.  
Bitcoin certainly has been a get rich quick scheme for many early adopters, you only have to look at its exchange rate history to see that.
You used the word 'guaranteed' - the video does state that no-one can predict with certainty what will happen, so that doesn't apply.
The fact is that people act from self-interest.  SN understood that.  It's in everyone's interest for transactions to be processed and the block chain to be secured.  But no-one is going to altruistically mine for the common good to their own detriment.  So SN implemented transaction fees and block rewards.  That way transactions are processed and the block chain is secured, but it happens as a result of miners acting from self-interest.
Why do people buy lottery tickets?  You've got more chance of being trampled to death by a herd of stampeding wildebeest in the middle of Westminster Abbey than of winning millions on any national/state lottery (well, almost).  But people buy those tickets anyway because they want to become rich.  
Bitcoin is an investment opportunity that offers a much greater chance (though not a guarantee) of becoming rich if you invest now.  
Promoting Bitcoin in a way that appeals to people's self-interest could well encourage wider adoption in my view.  
When people recognise that Bitcoin could make them a lot of money when it goes mainstream and they buy some bitcoins as a result, they then have a vested interest in seeing Bitcoin succeed.  
When the number of people with a vested interest in seeing Bitcoin go mainstream reaches a critical point, then major businesses will all start lining up to take payment by Bitcoin, because they want the custom of all those bitcoiners.
**tl;dr - Bitcoin has already made earlier adopters rich.  It could still make others rich if they invest now. People act from self-interest, so if we want Bitcoin to succeed we should appeal to their self-interest.**
@_date: 2014-06-17 07:56:27
Only to someone who really doesn't understand what a Ponzi scheme actually is.  Bitcoin lacks the defining characteristics of a Ponzi scheme. 
This video simply tells the truth about Bitcoin's history, and tells people that whilst no-one can predict with certainty what will happen, a very plausible case can be made that the price of bitcoin will increase dramatically at the global mainstream adoption stage.
@_date: 2014-06-17 08:58:16
So you already own a nice car and you have an investment portfolio? Many people have neither.
Taking the stance that *'Bitcoin is not a get rich scheme, it is a get free scheme'* is very easy for someone that already has some wealth.
Bitcoin could indeed free us from the control of corrupt banksters and unethical government financial policies.  I look forward to that happening.  But don't be so quick to reject the 'it could make you rich' line of promoting Bitcoin.  
Bitcoin could well free us from corrupt financial institutions - at least partly as a result of people buying into Bitcoin because they want to personally acquire wealth.
