@_author: thedevilscompiler
@_date: 2018-05-19 04:00:50
Technically true, but neglects the fact that these native tokens often serve an important security purpose \- providing economic incentives to produce blocks and act in other ways that secures the system.
@_date: 2018-05-19 03:57:58
Saifedean is known for having extremely ignorant views about altcoins. He's pretty vocal about it on Twitter. He believes that every altcoin, without exception, is a scam and contributes nothing innovative. I don't know if this will surprise you, but despite these strongly held beliefs, he typically does not have a functional knowledge of the projects he criticizes. He blocked me on Twitter once when I called him out on saying Monero had optional privacy.
@_date: 2018-03-16 08:48:30
It's that you are a constant reminder of the financial success they could have had, if only they got in early. Or alternatively, the success that you've had despite their perception of you working less hard than them, and being less deserving.
That they didn't choose to look into Bitcoin, or if they did that they didn't think it would work, or if they did that they didn't buy in then or now, etc. doesn't really matter. What happened was that at some point they briefly considered buying Bitcoin, even if loosely or in a non-serious manner. When they see you they are reminded of the path they didn't take and the possibilities they missed out on.
Them saying "so how's Bitcoin working for you? lol." is them trying to convince themselves. For their own sanity, they need to convince themselves that missing out wasn't that bad. Them seeing Bitcoin temporarily drop in value is probably emotionally cathartic for them, because it helps them believe in the narrative that they didn't miss out on something incredible.
These people have a chip on their shoulder. This behavior probably happens in a lot of other contexts - winning the lottery, becoming a celebrity, being a successful entrepreneur, etc. 
@_date: 2018-04-29 12:06:28
100&amp; agree. It's a design problem mixed with a psychology problem.
In psychology this is called "unit bias". The human brain is accustomed to dealing with whole numbers or full portions, not fractional units or decimals. The concept of a cryptocurrency is already confusing enough to most people. We're only making it harder by assuming them to intuitively know that one Bitcoin isn't the smallest unit. Furthermore, Bitcoin is not a fiat currency, so expecting someone to think of Bitcoin's divisibility as if it were one is misguided.
The design problem is website UIs. They suck for newbies. There never any reference to Bitcoin units. Just "Bitcoin". No option to price in bits, satoshis, etc. Pricing is only done in Bitcoin, even when it's something like 0.005 BTC. 
But to be fair, the general public only understands Bitcoin units in terms of 100 million satoshis, probably so do Bitcoin users. I doubt the average Bitcoin user would know that a bit is 0.001 Bitcoins. So I can't think of any resolution here except to make this totally clear on Bitcoin guides for noobs.
@_date: 2018-04-29 12:11:57
They aren't different.
Edit: as in, also hard to argue that they're securities. 