@_author: thedruidskeeper
@_date: 2014-09-18 18:39:04
My observations:
* I don't see any way to deposit funds, or access any info regarding your BTC wallet. Maybe the sight is just incomplete, but I don't see any open issues on github. If the feature is there, it's far too hidden.
* I'd recommend supporting oAuth authentication - allow people to log in using google, facebook, yahoo, and/or paypal. Using a well established authentication provider is really easy, and gives the end user a great peace of mind. If I have to log in with google, I know I'm safe because I have 2-step auth enabled.
* I would suggest a mobile app to be on the near-future plan - I think this is a key component for your target market. Having this in mind should influence the planning your webservices / api from the get-go.
* I love the response UI - well done!
@_date: 2014-09-24 02:40:36
K, I was mistaken on not being able to deposit - I was looking for it on the Funds page, not on the Dashboard (I'd recommend adding it to funds).
Also of note, when you deposit funds it doesn't tell you what the transaction fee will be (1%) and what the actual amount of funds that will be deposited. It should probably also refresh the funds panel after doing a deposit / withdrawal.
Even if you implement login with an oAuth provider, you would still be able to have consistent internal id's. You still have to track user accounts internally, just that rather than storing a password to authenticate with you store an oAuth token. That token is verified by the oAuth provider (google, facebook, yahoo, etc) and they tell you whether the user session is valid. Things like the user's name, email, unique ID, or other personal info, are all independent of the oAuth token.
@_date: 2014-09-29 20:47:49
Feedback: I would love to be able to set up recurring payments.
My brother sends me $50 a month, and it's a big pain because the only free way to do it automatically (for him) is to have his bank send me a check every month - which I then have to scan &amp; deposit. Circle would be the perfect solution, if only it could be set to automatically do transactions.
@_date: 2014-09-24 03:04:13
I was browsing around your site code a bit, and saw that you appear to have a separate HTML doc for each page - repeating key parts like the header &amp; footer, among other things. Granted, the site really isn't that big so it probably isn't much of a problem yet, but you should consider making everything more modular - reduce code repetition by centralizing (aka [DRY](
Since you're java based, something like [tiles]( would be worth looking into since it would allow you to create templates for the different common pieces of your pages that it will then meld together when a user navigates to that page. It's been a while since I did java webdev, so there might be better options out there, but it's more of the concept that I'm pointing out.
@_date: 2015-08-01 08:28:13
The ploy seems to have worked.. Congrats! 