@_author: thedesignflaw
@_date: 2018-09-10 21:26:35
I was guaranteed by one Roger Ver that this thread would be deleted. When delete?
 "But why do they put a guarantee on the box?"  
"Guy puts a fancy guarantee on a box 'cause he wants you to feel all warm and toasty inside.  Because they know all they sold ya was a guaranteed piece of shit. "
@_date: 2019-01-31 02:20:36
The default gender of the internet is male? Do you have a source for that? I swear some bitcoiners can really be misogynistic. It's so embarrassing. I'll take every downvote as a point of pride, thank you very much. I'm happy, for the sake of posterity, to have this post sitting here to differentiate me from anyone who thinks the internet is a dude, lol. Enjoy your sword-fights, little boys. Try not to to scare the ladies away from bitcoin too much, K? Cool.
@_date: 2019-01-25 10:20:26
I'm only interested in accuracy. What is accurate is "he" WAS a gender neutral term. According to the dictionary definition It no longer is and hasn't been for some time. If you care about accuracy, which I hope you do because I respect you very much (at least about bitcoin), you would use the more accurate gender neutral term "THEY" to describe Satoshi. We don't know if they were male, female, a group of males, a group of females, or a group of both. Out of respect for Satoshi's desire for anonymity I always use the more accurate term to describe them. That you don't indicates to me a masculinity bias on your part. It's pretty disappointing. But go ahead, mis-cast me as a liberal if it makes you feel better.  That's a reductive term that in no way defines me.   
Now, if you want to say there are things that lead you to believe they (Satoshi) were male, then at least have the fortitude to just say that. (All that being said, I'll leave it at that because this thread has more interesting content than a language lesson)
@_date: 2019-01-25 09:14:09
Not in modern use, according to the Oxford English dictionary. Languages are evolutionary and it has evolved in this case.
@_date: 2019-01-25 09:20:38
That's true, and most of us have let it evolve in the way it is now defined in the dictionary. Anyone can speak old English or Ancient Sumerian. But it's in your best interest for the most people to understand what you're trying to say.