@_author: thedanmonster
@_date: 2019-06-12 17:35:23
Why the hell would we want that? Seriously?
@_date: 2017-09-27 18:37:41
The housing bubble was known by a lot and [rather mainstream]( What wasn't mainstream was the CDO bundling of shit mortgages sold as premium AAA securities that would cause a normal housing market bubble to go from a market pop and downturn, to a market explosion and near financial ruin.
@_date: 2017-09-28 02:02:23
Perhaps it is revisionist history for most. My mother even claims she knew it was a bubble because her house went up in value 5x in 10 years. She straight up sold and was begging her brother to sell. Did she know it was a bubble? Hell no. It was just a really good deal. However now she claims she always knew. So your point is valid.
Yet still, I worked at AIG from 2006 to 2015 in their analytics department and we *knew* there was a bubble in the housing market. It was widely reported in academic studies and severely lambasted in media - very similar to climate change and student loan debt in fact. What none of us knew was the severity. And while yes, The Big Short is a great overall summary by Lewis, it doesn't diminish that fact that the combination of mortgage fraud, deregulation, and complex securities had in the severity of the housing collapse. And that complexity was, you're right, widely u known. 
Just like we all know now there's a bubble in the post secondary financial market. But the severity, well shit, I don't want to think about how bad it might be. 
Edit: also without the cdo bundled pension funds in the UK and the entire economy of Iceland invested in falsely rated securities wouldn't have collapsed. To say the shitty mortgage backed securities wouldn't have necessarily changed the global impact if the didn't exist is just false. If that's what you're saying. I'm on mobile and can't go back to reading read without posting. 
@_date: 2018-04-03 17:29:26
The one thing I've found about niche subreddits is that while they are absolutely SMEs in their niche (r/investing for example), and their tone and confidence on the topic shows that, they let this tone and confidence ride into other subjects where they most likely are just as ignorant as the average layperson.