@_author: -theeye-
@_date: 2017-11-03 12:20:16
Why can't the suppliers run dual entry accounts? - with their customers, all of whom could be assured of being credited/paid for the electricity they generate? All RE could be bought automatically at an agreed wholesale - say 70% - by the electricity re-sellers. This happens anyway its just that small and medium suppliers "primary producers are shut out the the market.
Seems a block chain is only needed to replace the middle man, a system thats been working well for 100's of 1,000s of years.
The grid should be considered available to all just like a community market - an open market. Like any other free market. Presently is not much more than an old boys club where they get too choose who gets to produce power and how much to pay for it, or zilch if the contribution is deemed too small.  If people could be assured of fair access to the electricity market they'd be racing to secure increased income, the size of which would generally depend on their investment in the ware with all to do it.
@_date: 2017-11-07 03:31:52
Of course it isn't. You just make the re-sellers buy their customers' grid contributions (at 70% of retail so they get 30% GM). They all run accounts so its no big deal to measure and add their contributions as account credits - to be off set or paid in cash. 
@_date: 2017-11-07 02:10:46
Why do we need black chain when every supplier can simply buy their customers RE grid contributions. Of course they'd have to be 'obliged" to pay, say 70% of their retail (so its profitable)
@_date: 2017-11-07 01:15:09
Why can't the suppliers run dual entry accounts? - with their customers, all of whom could be assured of being credited/paid for the electricity they generate? All RE could be bought automatically at an agreed wholesale - say 70% - by the electricity re-sellers. This happens anyway its just that small and medium suppliers "primary producers are shut out the the market. Seems a block chain is only needed to replace the middle man, a system thats been working well for 100's of 1,000s of years. The grid should be considered available to all just like a community market - an open market. Like any other free market. Presently is not much more than an old boys club where they get too choose who gets to produce power and how much to pay for it, or zilch if the contribution is deemed too small. If people could be assured of fair access to the electricity market they'd be racing to secure increased income, the size of which would generally depend on their investment in the ware with all to do it.