@_author: thefallinghologram
@_date: 2015-12-22 08:26:31


So what. The miners are not supposed to do anything except secure the network by maintaining consensus with proof of work, generating new coins, and thats it. They are not supposed to jump in and dictate how core is developed, unless it affects their ability to do those things. They have explained how the various proposals now will affect their operations, their input is over with. Their operating variables and how different scaling techniques will affect them has been stated. End of discussion.
Now instead of the developers continuing to bicker and argue and debate, they reach a decision and write CODE. They have reached this point. They have taken the miners input into consideration, and are going to write code to deal with the problems of scaling. So what? That is their role in this, to take into consideration miners and users concerns, and code. They are evidently taking users into consideration, because all of this is to scale bitcoin and allow more of us. That is their job in this.
Now to the users, our job, is to use bitcoin. Thats it. Store your money in it, trade it, buy things with it. Use it. That is ALL. And guess what? If you don't want to, you don't have to. Thats what gives it VALUE, thats what allows miners to exist, what gives developers a reason to even write code at all. If we don't want to use it, sell what you have and don't. Go use Dash, which has with its Masternode system made insane strides in keeping node decentralization the chief concern of their network structure. Or use Monero, and check out the developer's roadmaps to layer on payment channels, the anonymity features, DNS and identify functions, essentially a complete layered protocol stack building up to a user interface.
Bitcoin developers are actually trying to establish that kind of consideration of the many variables into their plans and products, they are trying to actually lay out and develop a roadmap like Monero, that will end in a fully functional protocol stack with an easy user interface(i.e., something people will actually use and trust). Let them do this. If they go in a direction you don't like, fork it, or go use something else. 
*EDIT* And the block limit that shouldn't have been there in the first place? Captcha systems weren't there in the first place for account registry, so should we remove them and let the resultant spamming botnets constantly drown out actual human conversation? Or overload servers? The blocksize limit was put there by Satoshi because he realized you could essentially freeze up the entire network by just artificially creating an insanely huge block and clog up every node out there. Its there now, its a huge factor in how the entire economic and technical ecosystem around the bitcoin blockchain evolved. Thats just a fact of life to deal with. I would like to have a bitcoin where decades from now the political emnity between nations and corporations isn't the deciding factor of whether or not bitcoin's nodes are decentralized enough. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:48:13
Okay, I'll be more clear. Miners should have absolutely no role in deciding the direction of development AT ALL except to make clear to developers what metrics of the network and specific mechanisms in place at the moment are intergral to their bottom line, and how shifts in these will affect their income. They have done that. They have weighed in on block size and how it will affect their orphan rates. Their role is DONE WITH. 
Now that they have voiced those concerns, they have told the developers to do what they think it best. It is implied here, what is best without disrupting the operation and profitability of miners. Thats what they are supposed to do, that is not a rearranging of the power dynamic of development, that is how it has always worked, and was supposed to work. They've weighed in on how proposals will affect them, stated their positions, and told the developers to get cracking. That is a GOOD thing. 
At the end of the day, all holders of bitcoin have  the ability to show their lack of support by selling. We hold the power. Without the people out there holding bitcoin, miners would not be profitable and would shut down, nodes would crawl to a halt in recording new blocks and require a hardfork to get going unless all miners jumped back online, and bitcoin would grind to a halt leaving the developers with a userless software stack they won't develop for. 
You are panicing about this for no reason, without really stepping back and looking at the situation. Bitcoin will never be able to be everything, so start with what it is first, expand on that to allow as many other functions as possible, and make Bitcoin interoperable with everything it can't do itself. Thats what developers are doing, looking at reality, and making the decisions on how to get the most use out of what we have. Miners have no business being involved in that process at all except to educate developers on how proposed changes would affect their operations. I mean hell, maybe 20 years from now computer security has actually developed far enough to actually have a totally secure system on a network, we could actually do a secure POS fork for bitcoin then and not lose security over POW. Thats a decision for developers, and the users who can hold or sell their coins. Miners are a security mechanism incentivized by fees and block subsidies, thats its, and they can easily be coded out of the entire network if it was advantageous to do so. They should not have any deep or truly active role in development. 
@_date: 2015-12-24 22:16:53
Yes, and the only way I see that happening is 1) the price skyrocketing and keeping them profitable, or 2) if older hardware can be worked into a sidechain somehow with a mutli-sig node setup or something along the lines of a hybrid Masternode/mining set up like Dash. 
People do not really consider mining at all when considering the network. The developers are taking them into consider, but too many users don't really understand how miners intergrate into the network or what exactly their role is supposed to be. We need alot more events lik Scaling Hong Kong to get miners together and brainstorm. This isn't to say they should have any influence on proposing protocol changes, but they should most definitely be thinking about how the current network design affects/is affected by them, and likewise for proposed network changes. Despite what any proof of stake advocate says, that is not secure unless we live in a world where every computer is unhackable. If miner's are not taken into consideration, lots of things can go wrong. Miner's centralize to the point where government's can seize mining farm operations, maybe a majority of miners if they centralize enough would support transaction blacklists/other Fedcoin restrictions, or we could lose a lot of mining hardware that gets picked up by an intelligence group, government, group of organized criminals, and the network is crippled. If nodes are decentralized, that will not be too big a concern for them, but miners will always naturalize centralize, unless 21 Inc. has their way and integrating mining ASICs as a part of basic computer architecture. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 21:50:17
That is something I actually will research and vet, thank you for the link. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 05:28:37
Exactly, and instead of of giving subsidies that manipulate markets by picking whales and monopolies in all kinds of markets and push certain products over others to giant corporations....how about you give those subsidies to consumers to spend on upstarts creating new markets, and attacking employment in a different way, and trying to actually solve problems of previously inefficient markets, instead of just piling that money into the coffers of giant conglomerates that reinforce their monopolies and the status quo. 
And on a side note, potable water is cheap because almost no concern is being given to the ecological consequences of water consumption and distribution outside of its source in the ecosystem. That will bite us in the ass, and that market will correct itself very quickly in response. Economic development in the sense of giant government sponsored monopolies are doing nothing but creating disasters for short term profits, and stomping out upstarts and small endeavours trying to create better organized and consumer responsive services whose new markets could grow to displace larger monopolies. They are trying to prevent change from their destructive mode of operation, and they are the ones receiving all kinds of subsidies and lifelines and money from the pockets of the working class. I say fuck that, I say turn that around and spread it back amongst the working class evenly, let us choose which players in whatever market get that money that is government subsidized. Thats how it works anyway, make it work more in line with the idea of a free market. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 04:42:17
Go pick up a dictionary, and look at what the word dictate means. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 01:22:26
Yes, that you are trying to tell people they are ignoring reality because they won't acknowledge direct user voting is how to make a decision here, while ignoring the reality that a vast majority of those people you want to partake in deciding are underqualified and undereducated to have any idea what the implications and consequences of their decision are. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 04:40:45
I disagree completely, although 100,000 a year is insane, try maybe 5000-10000.
@_date: 2015-12-14 22:25:20
Think about it like this: There's billions of people on the planet who could potentially pass around payment channels transactions, third party service transactions, etc. on the scale of lunch, or a coffee. Good fucking luck digging through all that without an insane amount of computing power and information from outside the blockchain to correllate. 
Now think about how many people on the planet are routinely moving millions/billions/trillions of dollars around. Which one do you think will be easier to put names and faces to if designed right?
@_date: 2015-12-17 01:41:09
Unless millions of people jump on bitcoin all at once(which really wouldn't even be a problem in the very likely case most people buy coins, stash in wallet, and stop transacting for a while) what the hell is going to go wrong? You pay 10 cents for a transaction instead of 3 for a few days, if you really can't wait a few days to make your transaction? Boo hoo. Thats how a truly free market work. Whether its because of things like bitcoin enabling them, or the economy falling apart destroying governments ability to subsidize finite resources, you're going to be dealing with them in your lifetime. Get used to it. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 00:10:21
I don't need to point at legislation(and no, I am not one of those people who says politicians are trying to take our guns because they're a Democrat, and would actually support better screening of people buying them). But because you asked for one, how about Illinois's medical marijuana liscense? If you have one, you give up your right to have an FOID card and own a gun, and are disqualified from a concealed carry permit. Sound reasonable? Or like its just an excuse to attack guns rights. If it wasn't, it would simply be the same laws as alcohol, if you are intoxicated you cannot carry your weapon.
Politicians are very keen on disarming the American public, because that is the one thing that would allow them to really sick a militarized police force on the American populace. Politics is not a quick brawl, its a decades long dance. This is not about disarming us overnight, its about slowly removing the desire and discipline and maturity required to own a gun, placing barriers in front of acquiring guns, and radicalizing over a generation a police force to look at the populace selectively as sub-human animals. 
Wake up, theres 7 billion people and more being born on Earth everyday, resources are dwindling, there is only a finite amount of space....how exactly did you think this part of human history would play out? A fairy tale science fiction ending?
@_date: 2015-12-24 22:49:08
No offense, but I don't think you understand how the network is supposed to work together. What you are proposing would break bitcoin. It would eventually boil down to a perpetual fight between miners on whose last block is valid, the orphan rate for everyone would probably skyrocket and cause constant forking slowing down the network while transaction didn't confirm, because blocks kept orphaning constantly, the network would be almost unusable, and the price would probably crash. 
@_date: 2015-12-23 23:14:34
No we don't have too much hasing power, for the simple fact that the hardware to create it exists. If huge chunks of the mining network unplug and go offline, you've just increased the security risk to bitcoin by dumping a shit ton of mining hardware not into use onto the second hand market. 
@_date: 2015-12-22 00:26:43
I get your concerns, but that idea is just not rational, and to quote you ignoring reality. Mining is not decentralized like that anymore, theres not enough home miners to really have that represent users, and same for running a node as if you are not technically inclined it can be a headache, especially if you want to present people with a bunch of different technical alterations to it thats even worse. I'm technically competent, but still would not even come close to calling myself a technical expert on bitcoin, and believe me, that is the opposite impression I have gotten from most people who own bitcoin that I know. 
What you are talking about would kill bitcoin, essentially just give ignorant internet trolls all the power to fuck with miners impressions of consumer use, spool up nodes and play with metrics, and essentially mire bitcoin down forever in people engaged in a pissing match online like how the blocksize debate started off on what bitcoin should be. That would kill it. That is not the way to do this, because quite frankly too many people who are interested in/own bitcoin do not know jackshit about technology, and do not have the education to truly make an informed decision on how a completely new technology should scale. That idea is just assonine. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 21:37:12
Not necessarilly in support of 100, but no couldn't just do that. You would lose money in fees while others make bigger blocks, and when block halving comes might not be profitable anymore. Softcaps are not an incentive structure or creator of equilibrium between miners at all. 
@_date: 2015-12-14 23:24:59
How about you click the link, and see the confirmation on their website...?
@_date: 2015-12-22 00:44:05
I usually keep mine locked in a steel box bolted to a concrete floor, loaded, because whats the use of an unloaded gun? I could get it out in under 10 seconds, and unless someone comes in through the wall or 1/3rd of a foot thick glass brick wnidows, its going to take more than 10 seconds to get to me in my house. 
In America the laws of how they have to be secured are different depending on the circumstance, different rules if your a cop, different rules if theres kids in a the house, in the state of Illinois(only state you have to get a special ID to own a gun in) if anyone lives in the house that doesn't have a firearms liscense there's different rules. There are some situations in home invasions here where if you shoot someone and don't kill them, you can be arrested and sued by the criminal breaking into your house. America loves to have a million technically varying laws to fuck its people with at a moment's whim. 
@_date: 2015-12-19 04:51:39
Yes, we are. I have owned a gun for 10 years, I have never ONCE had to even point it at another human being. I still keep it in case I ever have to. Taking my gun away is not going to make this country any safer, it will make it less safe. I have my gun stored and locked away, I am the only individual that could gain access to it. I have a horrible temper, am a big hothead, and not ONCE have I even considered bringing a gun into a situation where I was being such. That gun allows me to protect myself from the very real threat of illegal law enforcement use of force, it allows me to protect myself from criminals, if a large scale natural disaster were to happen it leaves me in a place better prepared to keep myself and my family safe. Should World War III start, and I be left alive to see China or Russia actually invade American soil, I would be already armed and prepared to defend my country.
So yes, "us people" are very real. 
@_date: 2015-12-25 00:09:18
Pepsi or Coke is not a choice. 
@_date: 2015-09-28 08:37:20
Eh, its just a stupid little memento or keepsake. Honestly I'd gladly pay for one for shits and giggles, but months now and nothing. :/
@_date: 2015-09-24 17:38:00
If 21 Inc. guarantees inclusion of those transactions in their blocks, yes you can. 
@_date: 2015-10-19 05:05:45
No, you think before you speak. The chip is a valuable asset in transferring value from one form to another, i.e. you pay for electricity that gets turned into bitcoin. Like any other technology it will become more efficient and tend towards less electricity consumption per hashing power. That thing is valuable, ONLY IF YOU ARE GOING TO USE ELECTRICITY TO MINE. In otherwards, transfer existing value, the electricity you pay for, into bitcoin. 
There is no fucking reason to steal that in a huge supply chain without also stealing electricity. Everyone and their mother would be trying to rip off their local merchants selling that shit, just to get the preloaded key. What the hell do you not understand about that? Are you that naive and still living in a bubble?
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:53:33
I would argue that could very easily change this century, look at games like EVE Online and how insanely complex and realistic their economies are? Thats by no means a whole in a lab, but its a pretty damn big micro-economy with almost all of the observed processes and habits of the real world one. 
@_date: 2015-10-16 17:20:38
So if a shipping driver, truck loader, quality tester, shipment receiver, store clerk, ANYONE along the line of chain of distribution just boots up a computer and steals all the BTC on it, or just steals the card/sticker with private keys, before the customer gets its...Uhm...who's liable?
What gets done? How is that solved for a customer? Think before you speak. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 02:49:51
Well I'm not a mod here, so not the answer you're looking for. But I'll give it a stab.
I've tried to discuss multiple times Lightning Network, how it functions, why there is only a SINGLE trade off with the main chain as far as security (the fact that if you aren't watching the block chain someone can fraudently close a channel). I've been met more times than I can count with "LN isn't bitcoin" with no supporting evidence. This is infuriating, and in the majority of the cases, the idiots I've talked with didn't even understand what LN is and just echoing others opinions.
Strawman: I've multiple times brought up LN, and immediately been attacked as having said 1 MB is where the block limit should stay. I do not believe that, have never posted that on a single account I have. If I had half the conversations I've had like this in a bar, I would have knocked someone out. 
*Sidetracking- People constantly attacking LN, sidechains, a scaling proposal, and when receiving answers simply pivoting to another attack, instead of conceding they were wrong or misunderstood something. I've had conversations that played out like this cycling between the same three attacks a dozen times. 
This type of behavior is not conducive to a conversation or dialogue, is not educated, and frankly does not belong in a place where the sole reason for its existence is to contribute and participate in dialogue. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 02:53:08
Cite evidence that mods are being paid by Blockstream, or that is a complete bullshit troll. If this it what you do on reddit, you are as delusional as people who listen to Alex Jones, and don't pay attention to law, politics, etc. and believe they alone know what is happening on this planet. (That was an ad hominem straw man by the way)
@_date: 2015-10-14 02:55:39
Really? You're going to bring up the NSA and surveillance as a justification for allowing trolls to run rampant everywhere saying whatever they want? You conveniently left out the fact that the NSA, CIA, DOD, and many others, PAY TROLLS TO TROLL. There is a handbook decades old on derailing a topic of conversation on a forum, given to these people. 
That is a complete cop-out bullshit argument, ignoring half the facts. 
@_date: 2015-10-06 04:21:52
This is essentially what Blockstream is trying to do by seperating everything consensus related in Core into a separate library, so you can build any kind of client you want and just have it use that library. And the consensus library can be updated without screwy with clients more than errors caused by big enough changes in the library, and there would likely be much heads up and time for those client maintainers to fix that before rollout. 
@_date: 2015-10-26 20:59:35
How is a bad thing that high trading volumes back and forth can help establish and hold a floor price?
@_date: 2015-10-06 00:38:37
....are you serious? I assume you're complaining about this because the 21 computer is "an overpriced Raspberry Pi thats a rip off." Yet you sit and here and complain that another overpriced Raspberry Pi that is a rip off that was slightly cheaper with less functions got pushed out by another? Buy a fucking raspberry pi and bootstrap you're own node if thats you're argument. 
@_date: 2015-10-14 21:23:24
I do understand that, I myself get emotional and do not debate purely based on logic at times. But there is a difference between debating heatedly, and completely ignoring the arguments and evidence presented by the other side when formulating your response. That is not debating, that is trolling. 
@_date: 2015-10-19 17:20:00
I think you should try to think before you speak more, because 


Is complete bullshit. It was a good idea for me twice. So good that not only did I hit ROI twice, I'm making money profitably still. I suppose theres just no scenario where putting a microprocessor in something someone can carry in their pocket is a good idea? There's no scenario where having access to a world wide wireless network from something you can carry in your pocket is a good idea? Technology just never advances huh?
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:50:58
Have current network participants all vote on assignment, and the bigger the network becomes the more decentralized that process is. 
@_date: 2015-10-19 03:47:37
Whats wrong with you, and not getting that just loading or shipping bitcoin keys is 10x as stupid as just giving someone a chip that can generate coins, AT THEIR OWN EXPENSE after its plugged in. 
@_date: 2015-10-07 08:27:22
Then neither do human beings in mine. 
@_date: 2015-10-04 04:57:26
....I have a 180 GH/s miner, that thing can hit 125 GH/s. Mine makes 2-3$ a week. Those "figures" in  parentheses are bullshit. 