@_author: theflavorchaser
@_date: 2016-12-07 17:12:19
So, other than coinbase, where can I buy bitcoin with credit/debit? This really blows. I loved Circle and they had the lowest fees. Coinbase limits me to $300 per week despite already buying $2,000+ in bitcoin from them. So I just hate using them.
Please don't suggest localbitcoins, I always lose so much money going that route. I'd love to find a legit online bitcoin exchange that accepts debit and credit without limiting me to $40 per week.
I wish I could just go to my bank and transfer money to bitcoin. Tired of the fees and other BS. Coinbase won't even allow me to purchase bitcoin with prepaid debit cards anymore despite allowing it 4 days ago on my last purchase.
@_date: 2016-12-26 15:17:47
Thanks! I'll check out cex.io. I was bummed when Circle stopped selling bitcoins because it was so easy and I had gotten my limit up $2,000 for instant buys with debit. I don't like doing bank transfers because in the US that can take 3-5 business days and the price of Bitcoin can fluctuate too quickly to trust I won't lose a good chunk of money waiting for the transfer to go through. 
Any others available for instant buy? It drives me nuts that coinbase limits me to $300/week despite already purchasing a few thousand dollars through them. 
@_date: 2016-12-26 13:54:36
I'm still figuring out the ins and outs of Bitcoin. I use Electrum as my wallet but I've been searching for a reliable place to buy bitcoins since Circle stopped selling them. I've basically been stuck with Coinbase but they've been charging ridiculous fees ($12 to purchase $285 in Bitcoin??) but I really prefer the instant buy with debit card/ credit card. That's really the only way I'd like to purchase btc. I've tried the ATMs around town and they cost as much or more as coinbase and only take cash. I don't trust buying from random people on localbitcoins. 
Has anyone found something similar to what Circle used to be? I loved that exchange and was super annoyed when I woke up one day and my ability to buy Bitcoin with a debit card was gone on there. Coinbase limits me to $300 week (including the ridiculous fees) so I'm stuck only able being able to purchase around $288/week and they seem to have no plans to up my limit any time soon. 
So, other than Coinbase, anyone found any good exchanges that will allow me to purchase btc with a credit card or debit card?