@_author: thefornit
@_date: 2014-12-31 13:40:51
Evidence suggests that unregulated Capitalism concentrates wealth rather quickly into the hands of a very small minority, leaving most of a country's population either impoverished or in a constant struggle on the brink of poverty. Do you think this is true and if so do you consider it a problem? If you consider it a problem what do you think is the best solution? Charity or high taxes + high public spending? Or a third option? What do you think of the nordic model in particular? How do you expect a society with a very lean goverment you seem to favor beat the nordic model in terms of overall happiness of the population and prevention of poverty? 
I expect you read Jim Harpers analysis of risks for bitcoin adoption. I'd like you to expand on that with a more positive focus: what kind of opportunities exist? Or to put it another way: If you think of bitcoin as something that *wants* to grow exponentially, how close to you think bitcoin is to it's optimal growth rate right now? How could it be improved? (Both inside the boundaries of what the foundation could accomplish and outside)
@_date: 2014-12-31 15:12:08
So you consider the scandinavian countries just particularly well-handled or lucky cases of a generally inferior system? Or do you think the drawbacks in terms of financial freedom are too big?
What countries come closest to the government you prefer? Or what countries do you think have a good fundamental idea of government, but just lack in execution (or just have bad outside factors they cannot influence or will need a long time to overcome)?
I am asking because previous political questions were mostly comparing your preferences in comparison or context with the current US government. Which is, frankly, not a tall order. Sauron or emperor palpatine would probably outperform the government the US had over the last couple of decades ;-)
It's not particular hard to argue that libertarian ideas are better, because pretty much everything remotely reasonable is better than how the US is governed.
So, you think bitcoin adoption is already developing at a good or at least acceptable rate? I do agree that there are a lot of positive developments over the last 1-2 years, particular regarding company adoption, start up investments and infrastructure interfacing with traditional financial solutions. I was just asking if you have some area where you think "We are missing opportunities here" or " We could grow a lot faster if we - as the foundation or as the community as a whole - could just do this*"
*insert any coordinated effort here 
@_date: 2014-12-31 16:47:08
Thank you for the detailed answers. I think I have a pretty good picture now regarding your possible role in the foundation.
@_date: 2013-05-31 02:48:10
we only have 12.5% inflation in the first 25btc year. even in its worst year, bitcoin ended up at 300% of its starting value. for the price of bitcoin, the precise details of the inflation dont matter much as long as bitcoin grows exponentially. exponential growth, or the prospect of it, dominates all other factors.
@_date: 2013-05-16 18:55:36
ah ok, thanks for the clarification.
i already made a post in my german blog coinblog.de about the bundle. i have less than 100 readers per day, but it's the thought that counts right :-)
@_date: 2013-05-16 15:09:13
What exactly was expensive about this?
I expect a few hundred sales, probably averaging a little under suggested price. so you end up with the equivalent of a few thousand dollars.
Btw, will you release the final number of sales and revenue?