@_author: theforestlord
@_date: 2018-01-13 18:51:40
Central banks don't want Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-01-16 17:06:22
I was in the crypto space back in 2009, when it was pretty much entirely Ancaps and cyberpunks. And although I respect the tenacity of this community, especially those who aren't doing to this to get rich quick but because they believe in being a part of forming a new global economy. I just want you all to understand how ignorant some of you sound in terms of "investing". I remember a guy who said he was going to keep buying X asset even as it was in free fall for the last few weeks, simply because he believe it was inevitable for it to go back up. History isn't always a good measure for the future and random, things happen. I do believe bitcoin has the ability to go up from here but please be careful people, don't be taking leans against your homes in order to dump $300k into bitcoin, please don't give up everything you have in hopes of being rich. I sincerely believe a lot of you have been exposed to investing in assets because of crypto and should take a lot of your knowledge and begin to invest in other markets. You might not be in your 20's, a millionaire with a lambo, but if you take the same concept of hodling into putting money into stocks over the course of your life, you will retire a millionaire. That has and will be guaranteed unless nuclear war happens. The same rules apply, buy the dips. Best wishes to all and I really believe there's more to this bitcoin roller coaster, just wanted to let others know that there is tons of markets to invest in outside of crypto and I think a lot of you would do well in said markets. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:01:08
Wrong. Credit, "debt", has been around since the inception of double entry bookkeeping which is from ancient times. Keynesian economics didn't come around until the early-mid 20th century. It isn't a bs Keynesian theory, it is literally how economies since the beginning of society have progressed their societies beyond the current resources they own. Banks are one of the oldest institutions in society for mainly lending credit. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:07:03
You're wondering how people live in such conspiracy fairy tale warped views of reality in a sub full of individuals, some of which are gambling their life savings and taking out loans from banks, the same banks they despise, to hodl a digital token in hopes it continues to rise as long as someone else buys the currency for a higher price then the previous person paid, all based on this anarchocapitalist dogma that government is immoral and evil, and this digital token we mine with hashing using more electricity than countries, will erode these governments and banks, the two oldest institutions known to humankind, because Bitcoin, Hodl, the Moon. I wouldn't be surprised if people in this sub believe in Lizardmen, and have Infowars bookmarked. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:18:18
Fiats were never meant to increase purchasing power, they are supposed to inflate overtime as central banks target 2% inflation per year. The point of monetary policy is to increase interest rates or decrease them in order to hit the target inflation rate. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 20:35:54
It isn't Keynesian lol. You should read economic literature before espousing things on here, honestly you belong in r/BadEconomics. Banks loaning Credit, in the form of assets, gold, silver, currencies etc has existed since Mesopotamia. If you don't understand how Credit and Debt cycles work then there is no point in having this conversation. Keynseian economics is about using central banks to boost government spending in the form of bonds, inflating currencies as a tax system to keep the credit markets rolling which in hopes creates a multiplier effect within the economy. Now I'm not a Keynesian, but I definitely subscribe to Milton Friedman, Frank Knight and the Chicago schools monetary policy as well as Eugene Famas finance literature. Austrian economist are pretty fringe now'n days because although their literature is nice Hayek, Mises, Cato, they aren't really relevant to the global market infrastructure as they don't even use math to show proofs. They just rhetoric and logic which all economist use including using models and math. I enjoy Austrian rhetoric but I also realize they are living in abstract axiom of society and viewing the world through a philosophical lense rather than a reality one. They existed well before they could imagine what the world would look like. Once again a currency can be as divisible as you want but that doesn't solve the financial services banks provide as well as security. A bank will solve financial disputes for you if you pay with credit, they will reimburse you if your money is stolen, I know because I've utilized these features. Sure I'm not glorifying banks I've been in Bitcoin for a long time, obviously I enjoy it from an ideological and use case practice. But when hackers can exploit exchanges and wallets and steal hundreds of millions of dollars worth of an asset into the night and there is little anyone can do to stop that or be reimbursed besides storing their digital assets on a USB yeah that's not replacing banks. When Bitcoin whales can tank the entire asset class by selling off sure there's a problem, when they can collude with consequence to pump and dump and arbitrage, there is a problem. When people say hodl because moon and million dollars per bitcoin without and rational outside of well someone will pay for a higher priced coin, and gurus told me to and they are smart because they say things that serves their self interest yeah there's a problem. I enjoy this space, I work within the blockchain space, but if you can't see there is a problem with the community at large than I feel for the sand your head is in.
Also Central Bankers really aren't that rich, they are well off but in the grand scheme of "Wealthy", they aren't. So unless they are colluding with Main Street, Investment Banks,  and Wall Street, Hedge Funds, Stock firms etc, to fill their pockets without gaining anything in return then sure? No real proof of that collusion though. Not only that if you actually read any academic or central bank thesis, real research papers by various institutions or economist or financiers, hedge fund managers, investors etc, then you'd know they really aren't making anyone rich but trying to influence the economy which has a result of making people rich but that isn't the goal. Honestly the more I read peoples visions of bitcoin the more I realize how irrational exuberance is fueling this whole thing.
@_date: 2017-12-10 17:35:09
I'm an early adopter of Bitcoin and have my own ideological reasons for believing in it, but banks will never be obsolete. If someone comes and steals $50,000 out of your bank account, your bank will recover the money. 
If someone comes and hacks $60 million out of bitcoin wallets, poof. Gone. 
Banks give out loans so people can obtain things outside their current level of income, pretty much every house is bought with mortgage. Most "money" that is spent within our economy is spent with Credit. If you really think the Credit market, which is way larger than the money circulation in the economy, is going to just become obsolete you have no concept of global economics or how private markets work. 
@_date: 2017-12-10 08:59:45
Early Adopter of Bitcoin, I adamantly believe in it, but there are massive issues with deflationary currency that are root causes for why fiat became relevant in the first place. I highly doubt society will ever go back to using a deflationary currency. Deflationary markets such as bitcoin are great stores of value but will make for terrible currencies. A perfect currency as thought of by most monetarist, Friedman, Knight, Fisher, would have a set ruled inflation say of 1-2% YoY and could not be manipulated by a central entity. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:54:23
Says everything about you. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:33:26
I'm willing to bet I bought Bitcoin before you knew what Bitcoin was. I code in Blockchain lol, I know all about the powers of what is behind this wave of tech. I never said bitcoin was a fairy tale, I said the premise on which Bitcoin is being sold as is. If you really think Government, will ever erode I feel for you. Not because you aren't smart, or perhaps even intellectual, but because you aren't living in reality but an abstract academic ideological hope of something that will never happen, and what would cause it to, would take down the global society with it. I went to college for Economics and Comp Sci, I've published works on Economic research and even written one three years ago about Blockchain disruption. Governments will issue their own blockchains, it is inevitable. Once again I used to be like you assuming tax dollars are inherently immoral, based on the harm principle, once again it is Libertarian and Anarchocapitalist dogma, an abstract view of an abstract world. I've read probably far more Austrian, real Liberal, anarchocapitalist literature than you. And what world envisioned by you Bitcoiners? Because the whales at the top, the ones who own this asset, aren't envisioning the same future the ones at the bottom are. If you don't understand that all the big holders will sell their asset as soon as they have reason to believe this thing is about to blow, if you don't realize that their is actual arbitrage and that because of no regulation this price could theoretically be inflated due to them dumping and pumping up the price, then I feel for you. It is great to feel apart of a movement, like I said I'm invested and code in Blockchain, but if you truly believe you are helping to erode Government and Banks, you are wrong. you can down vote me, you can put your head in the sand etc, but I've seen the dotcom crash, I've seen the housing crash, I've invested in the markets through both. If you don't understand the role Government and Banks play you are on the fringe of thinking, which is a cool place to be because you get to use witty logic and wordplay to never be wrong, just as marxist and syndicalistsocialist do. But it is an abstract axiom of reality, just as economic models assume everyone is a rational actor. It isn't reality. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 17:46:48
First let me say I got into crypto, especially Bitcoin, long before most people even knew what Bitcoin was, before we had pizzamemes. That said, although in economic ideology I was against the bailout, if the Federal Reserve did not bail out the banks our economy literally would of tanked to lows perhaps worse than The Great Depression. We've had a 10 year boom since then, perhaps some of it is artificial in the since that with cheap money people take risks they wouldn't normally take and with interest rates rising those risks can be exposed, as they should. But the United States literally has profited from the loan we gave the banks, they paid back in full+ interest, so we made money on the deal and saved the global economy from tanking to shit, which probably would of lead to WW3. 
People have this idea that you can't be for Bitcoin if you enjoy the benefits of fiat monetary systems. Even Milton Friedman, Frank Knight, and tons of Chicago Economist who really lead the free market campaign were for monetary policy just they didn't like the politics of the central bank. 
Under the gold standard we had more economic recessions and depressions due to not being able to control our own currency. One rich man sells his Gold and the whole thing can be tanked due to supply economics. You see the same thing with Bitcoin. If one of the Whales sells there entire Bitcoin assets, this whole thing could tank in minutes. Saw it with the Dot Com bubble in '99, and saw it with the housing crisis in 2008, one Investment bank sold all their balance sheet worth of CDO's for well below market value to everyone else on wall street and then it caused panic. The bank operated in self interest because it realized that it had all these worthless assets, and came to the conclusion so did everyone else, and that set off a chain event that launched rocket to blow the whole thing up. Whales can do the exact same thing if they act in self interest, which if they have any sign or reason to want to take their hundreds of millions and perhaps soon, billions, this will happen. The bitcoin community has this notion of how evil the Federal Reserve is, when in fact they don't even understand how the Credit market works, and how debt, "credit", has connected the global economy in such a way, that has essentially prevented WW3 among trading nations. 
Bitcoin is great, as I said I'm an early adopter, but I honestly feel bad for people who have been sold this lie that Bitcoin will erode Government and the banking system. I was a hardcore Libertarian with Anarchocapitalist leanings, still pretty Libertarian, I jumped down that Rabbit hole. Don't be blinded by ideological pandering by people who no less about how actual economies operate, and barely understand the tech or economic phenomena that is Bitcoin, Crypto and Blockchain.  Should their be alternative to banking? Sure. But Credit markets from banks are the safest way to spend money, they protect your assets, if someone access your bank account and steals your money, the bank has your back. If someone hacks into your cryptowallet and steals $60 million, cya! Crypto serves a purpose, but we are in the infancy of this tech, don't be blinded by economic exuberance. Invest safely friends. 
@_date: 2017-12-12 00:58:59
The amount of economic fallacies this thread has uttered for their zealotry towards bitcoin is mind numbing. I bought bitcoin before the everyday hype, back for ideological reasons, and do value it for its decentralization, the ability to "bank" the unbanked, as an experiment, commodity and especially the underlying tech. 
That said I truly feel for people who have fallen into an ideological trap that Bitcoin will tear down governments and bring rise to a new world order. I was once a Libertarian with Anarchocapitalist leanings, still pretty Libertarian, and I know what its like to fall down that rabbit hole. But there  is no boogie man pulling strings, there is no big state that seeks to dominate the world. There's only people. People with networks, people with jobs they perform, people who act in their self interest, and people who are fallible to new economic phenomena. 
Crypto is a new wave of doing economic activity, but if you think Banks or that the State, be it China, the United States, UK, Russia, France, Japan, South Korea etc will erode due to Bitcoin you need to wake up to the harsh reality. Banks and the State serve a role, whether your ideological leanings accept that or not they do. So please invest with reason. Realize if one of the whales sells all their assets out tomorrow this whole thing could flop in minutes. Not sure if you guys were old enough to track economic crisis previously but I'll never forget what the dotcom and housing crash looked like on the days leading up and ultimately the days of their downfall. Economic euphoria is one hell of a cunt. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 21:36:32
You didn't read what I said yet call me a dinosaur as I say I'm not an advocate for Keynsian economics, rather the monterarist views of the most prominent and intelligent advocate market economist and investors the world has ever seen lol. The same ones who predicated a digital global currency before the internet went mainstream. I love this meme of a community.  
@_date: 2017-12-15 19:27:47
Lol because I said I code in the Blockchain space? Here is this better for you, I leverage the Go programming language to develop in the blockchain space because it utilizes the ease of a interpreted / dynamically language and efficiency and security of a compiled language. Also I enjoy Go over Python or C++ for developing within the Blockchain space because Go is extremely fast to execute large executables on a single machine. With statically linked binaries and simple cross compilation means one can run it basically anywhere in the world without worries of using a virtual machine or run time for the end user or client side. Sure there are other languages that can do the last things I mentioned but they are complicated and not as straightforward and ease to use like Go. You seem mad because I enjoy bitcoin and blockchain tech, probably understand it and leverage it on a day to day basis far more than you do, yet I don't pander to your vision of the future or how society operates, or suck the teet of Bitcoin "gurus" who espouse shitty economic fallacies to perpetuate their ideological leanings. But yeah I'm full of shit man, coming from a guy who probably posts Hodl means to his buds as they trade Satoshi's shooting for the moon bro!  