@_author: thefatmouse
@_date: 2018-01-17 14:34:55
Been saying to stay away from cryptos for a while.  Now this is me to all crytpo investors: 
@_date: 2018-01-17 18:08:44
Same two reasons I come to comment.  
1) Its hilarious in a dark way, like watching a train wreck.  
2) Once the hilarity wears off, a sense of urgency to help the poor souls who are investing in this scam to pull the blinders off their eyes.
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:36:02
Violence takes more forms than the physical and What you would call nonviolent actors, are not so.  You are preaching a rather extreme form of libertarianism.  There are many reasons why I stand against this philosophy, but the crystallization of their root is that we live in a society and people should look out for more than just themselves.  This includes both doing good works and curtailing the bad works of others.  
@_date: 2018-02-06 00:16:35
This is literally happening all the time with crypto, and anyone who thinks it isn't is naive.  Its called market making and its generally illegal, although most of these crypto exchanges are based out of sketchy-ass countries so who knows.  
Crypto is such a huge scam, I'm actually impressed half the time.  
@_date: 2018-02-01 17:46:01
Irresponsible investing advice.
@_date: 2018-02-03 01:56:39
You are clearly some kind of anarcho-libertarian, which is a political philosophy that is good for memes and not much more.  It has little practical application to the real world.  Here is some moral clarity.  People and organizations should be stopped from doing bad things, and that is one of the primary purposes of the state.  The occasional grey area is "what constitutes a bad thing?", but its not that grey to the point that we have an excuse to devolve into constant moral relativism.  
As far as violence without direct violent action?  I can easily provide examples.  For instance, jacking up the price of life-saving medications for no purpose other than profit.  Most people would not consider this to be an act of direct physical violence such as delivering a punch, but nevertheless, it results in physical harm to people.  Another example would be the discharging of industrial waste into waterways.  Another act that does not fit into the category of direct violence.  Yet, it damages the environment which is bad for everyone and it can negatively affect water quality, which leads to real reductions in quality of life, as well as physical harm to those who need the water for drinking.  
@_date: 2018-02-02 15:07:36
I didn't even know that part.  Guess its even worse than I thought.  
@_date: 2018-02-03 16:17:29
The problem with the anarcho-libertarian worldview is that there is no such thing as a world with "no restrictions on competition or innovation", as you put it.  Its a fantasy idea...its a Randian utopic vision that can't be truly realized in real human society, barring some scifi transhuman technological development.  
There will always be power politics at play.  There will always be those who accumulate faster than others and then turn that pool of resources to bend the rest of us to their will.  That is the human condition and that is why we build institutions to limit the damage from that inevitable behavior.  
@_date: 2018-02-01 22:36:13
I know that market making takes place in arenas where it is much more dangerous to do so and the incentives are far less, such as in the stock market.  In legally sanctioned stock exchanges there are severe criminal penalties for this type of behavior.  In crypto, most of the exchanges are run out of offshore incorporation quasi-countries like the Republic of Seychelles.  There has been little to no oversight for most of the lives of these "currencies", although it bitters my mouth to even call them that.  
So lets recap: 
1) Little to no repercussion for market making
2) Large-scale ownership of the asset in question by a small number of asset-holders
3) The ability to trade with virtual anonymity.  
If you don't think there is market making taking place then god bless your innocent heart.  The world needs more trusting people like you.  
@_date: 2018-02-01 18:16:04
The intrinsic value of these coins is very low in my opinion so I consider you to be the closest to being right in this thread.  
I would submit one caveat however.  I believe that much of the price increase lately has been a result of large coin holders engaging in market making.  Basically the three or four largest miners, who own about 40% of the market share, trading back to each other at incrementally higher prices over time in order to inflate the price of bitcoin.  In my theory, selloffs like this are at least partially driven by these miners cashing in on their profits by finally selling their coins to unsuspecting John Does.    If I'm right, they may reach a level at which they are comfortable buying back in to "rinse and repeat" the process and reinflate the price once again.  At what level this process may repeat itself is anyone's guess, however.  
@_date: 2018-02-06 15:35:18
Revolution, lol.  What a laugh.