@_author: theglobalcitizen
@_date: 2018-10-15 04:29:48
Thank you for putting this together.
Recently I realized that I could take a book I wrote, and re-write it for the BTC market, and sell it for BTC. And was thinking of how to do it. I am going to check this out so that I hopefully can use it. I am really happy that these kinds of options are appearing, like they should be. 
I'd gladly move part of my business activities to BTC. I am sick of international financial service providers. I think for Americans/European living in one place it is hard to imagine how dysfunctional the system has become.
@_date: 2019-10-05 05:30:23
When I was in Argentina 10 years ago, the people told me: "we don't trust the government, and we don't trust the banks." I didn't get it, being from a supposedly well-run Western European country.  
I get it now...
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:32:49


You fixed it.
Hahaha. I drafted something like this: "Those that are US Citizens can go back to the land of the free, everybody else: follow me".
But one time when I wrote something similar combined with a comment on taxes on a different /r/ people lost it. I just ended up in an entire political and economic discussion about where roads come from.
So I just kept it neutral to focus on the message.
The commentators on r/Bitcoin are a lot milder. My old boss would say they "have their hearts at the right place".
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:47:33


For the UAE you can get a visa in a couple of ways:
- Find an actual job (your boss is your sponsor).
- Start a business (the legal entity is your sponsor).
- Invest in real estate. 1.5 Million AED.
- Alternatively, a husband / wife / parent can sponsor you.
The cheapest option would be to get on the payroll (on paper) off an existing company. The company I used to work for has a couple of such companies under management.
Costs when I still was there was 2000 Euro per year.
Have a nice day.
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:34:00
Don't get me started. And it is getting worse by the week. All these service providers running around like headless chickens to comply with "international standards". Whatever.
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:09:40
Thank you for you comment.
I would argue against that statement.
The fact that if someone could run the financial aspect of their business invisible, does of course not mean you could have a tax liability or need fiat currencies to pay mandatory government fees. There also still could be an accounting requirements and the like. And most major service provider will want to see things like official VAT registration.
But you raise a good point. I can tell you from experience that the control focus of international regulators is on bank accounts and financial transactions. Entire countries are controlled that way. It is possible to set up an anonymous company. But there is no longer banking secrecy.
But now there is Bitcoin.
My assumption is that when the bigger population starts to use cryptocurrencies in their day to day transactions, you will see a lot of people doing what you mentioned. 
It will really be a challenge for the authorities to keep control of what is going on.
It might even install some openness and accountability (the horror) into the system.
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:06:55
Exactly! 
And there are a lot of other places that have a "Residential Tax System" like that. This means that they only tax income that is generated locally.
Most (Western) countries tax resident persons on their worldwide income. 
The trick is to have your business resident in one jurisdiction and you resident in another, both in other places than the person that pays you. This way, your income will always be generated abroad (and tax free under such arrangements).
@_date: 2015-07-20 09:15:43
Thank you for the compliment. Now, I might be a bit biased. Because this type of lifestyle has been my dream for a long time. I was first a backpacker. So this was basically and easy next step. I would also do it if there were no tax benefits.
In terms of happiness. I would say that it is more intense. More ups and downs. Last week I was sick. I stayed in bed an entire day. I could not eat and plagued by mosquitoes. I don't have a lot of friends in Bali where I currently am besides an old land lady that is after me. I have not felt so lonely and unhappy in a long time.
This morning I was peddling like a madman. When I looked back I saw the wave had become quite big and started to break. I jumped on my board and rushed down the wave and rode it for a couple of seconds. Then the wave broke all around me with violence but I managed to keep up and rode it all the way to the beach.
...The happiness factor was strong in this one... (I am still learning)
I mean, if I look at my life the last 6 months, it has been simply wonderful.
And yes, I spend a lot of time working. Just like everybody.
@_date: 2015-07-20 09:32:06
Capital gains tax 30%. Yes, that is a lot. If you are able to obtain a tax free status you can just cash out Bitcoins and use those fund the way you like.
I once actually tried to explain capital gains tax to a roommate in Dubai (Dogecoin fanatic). He never has had to deal with taxes his entire life. He was like: "but that is not fair", "It is way to much", "they did not do anything for that". 
It was cute.
Speaking about Dubai / UAE,
I am not exactly sure about your remark. It basically works as follows: If you move there you will get a resident permit in your passport.
 It is one of the easiest place in the world to become a resident. 
You will have to renew the permit. If you do not have a permit you have to leave.
But you will never be naturalized to an Arab. You will NEVER become a CITIZEN.
So you just keep your original passport.
More about the difference here:
@_date: 2015-07-20 10:17:58
Hej. Thank you very much. I will look into the alternatives that you mention.
@_date: 2015-07-19 17:40:50
If anybody has some questions about international taxation or company incorporations feel free to ask them here. I will gladly answer them (I have been doing that for years).
Have a good day.