@_author: theguru12
@_date: 2017-11-05 15:13:50
Yeah, Don't. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 11:29:33
You have a “currency” based on a meme. That’s how fucked up that is. 
@_date: 2017-11-04 10:42:14
All kidding aside, You've got a lot to learn.  If you learn it without getting wiped out, you'll be okay.  Every successful investor has paid his/her tuition to learn how to control their emotions and how to do smart things that go against emotions that deceive you.  Learning new info, admitting that you've been wrong, and getting out in time to invest another day is a critical skill.  You clearly don't have it yet, but cheer up.  If you can stay in the game long enough, you'll learn alot and probably do well.
If you're heavily invested in bitcoin at prices typical for the last month or two, you're going to learn a great many things - especially about yourself.  Whether you believe it or not, you're caught up in a bubble and incapable of thinking objectively.  You'll understand this after the bubble pops. 
It's okay to take on risks associated with investments that you truly believe in.  I admire this greatly.  But think carefully about this: if you recently bought a cryptocurrency, do you know at which price you are going to sell for either a fiat profit or a loss?  Do you truly understand the assumptions you're making about the ability of your investment to appreciate in price or maintain its value?  Are you strong enough to recognize that you might be wrong about your assumptions?  (After all, somebody took the opposite side of your trade because thay thought differently than you do.)  And do you know now how you're going to handle things if/when you discover that you're assumptions are wrong and your emotions are running wild?
I can guarantee you that I won't remember you in 5 years, but if I'm right about what's going to happen, you're going to remember me forever.  Enjoy the weekend.
@_date: 2017-11-04 10:52:11
All kidding aside with the HODL crap. You've got a lot to learn.  If you learn it without getting wiped out, you'll be okay.  Every successful investor has paid his/her tuition to learn how to control their emotions and how to do smart things that go against emotions that deceive you.  Learning new info, admitting that you've been wrong, and getting out in time to invest another day is a critical skill.  You clearly don't have it yet, but cheer up.  If you can stay in the game long enough, you'll learn alot and probably do well.
If you're heavily invested in bitcoin at prices typical for the last month or two, you're going to learn a great many things - especially about yourself.  Whether you believe it or not, you're caught up in a bubble and incapable of thinking objectively.  You'll understand this after the bubble pops. 
It's okay to take on risks associated with investments that you truly believe in.  I admire this greatly.  But think carefully about this: if you recently bought a cryptocurrency, do you know at which price you are going to sell for either a fiat profit or a loss?  Do you truly understand the assumptions you're making about the ability of your investment to appreciate in price or maintain its value?  Are you strong enough to recognize that you might be wrong about your assumptions?  (After all, somebody took the opposite side of your trade because they thought differently than you do.)  And do you know now how you're going to handle things if/when you discover that you're assumptions are wrong and your emotions are running wild?
**Just as importantly, I don’t get emotionally attached to gold… or stocks… or Bitcoin. I believe people who get emotionally attached to gold or Bitcoin or any other investment are making a huge mistake. Getting emotional about your investments is sure to cloud your judgement. Save the emotional attachment for your kids. They will love you back. Your investments won’t.**
I can guarantee you that I won't remember you in 5 years, but if I'm right about what's going to happen, you're going to remember me forever.  Enjoy the weekend.
@_date: 2017-11-05 15:01:37
13 days LOL! 
@_date: 2017-11-02 07:44:01
Bitcoin has exactly one claim to real value, which is that it's a global currency, but the cap of seven transactions per second worldwide makes it a rather shitty one. Of course, any Bitcoin fanatic will tell you that the latest hard fork, the fourth this month, will finally solve the scaling problem once and for all. All it means is that we'll soon have a dozen different currencies with "Bitcoin" in their names, in addition to the hundred or so other blockchain-based currencies.
@_date: 2017-11-04 16:56:17
Try reading it again.
@_date: 2017-11-04 11:02:10
Of course he didn't. No where real accept's Bitcoin. He converted it to fiat like a good little capitalist! Capitalism at it's finest..."Sell's something fake for a Playstation" It makes me all warm and fuzzy inside when I think about how nicely this is playing out. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:24:10
This, It is just play money now for the rich. Good times ahead for those. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 21:14:09
I know. I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow think that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...
@_date: 2017-09-13 13:58:05
I know. I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow think that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...
@_date: 2017-10-24 18:04:00
I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow thing that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...Sadly, no lesson was learned, no wisdom won. I've yet to see a post saying "oh, well, I guess there is a reason for those laws and regulations. I guess that thinking that a trick of technology could fix human behavior was naive. I guess this is what I should have expected all along." Alas, this also fails to surprise - it is also human nature to close one's eyes and fervently believe that the reason that one's pants are on fire couldn't possibly have anything to do with one's decision to walk through puddles of petrol while smoking a cigarette...
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:25:40
True, But they give loans to peasants so they can buy iPhones and Cars and Houses. So they cant all be bad right? /Sarc
@_date: 2017-10-31 07:50:23
I hate to say this but I think most people really are just stupid sheep. They get up in the morning to go to their jobs to earn money and other than who signs the paycheck they never wonder where that money came from. I think if they did there would be many more gold and silver bugs and crypto bugs and some very pissed off people.
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:00:25
Are you assuming my gender there? ;-) 
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:22:42
Do you know hard it is to... Get rich... Quickly? 
@_date: 2017-10-26 13:18:08


people willingly accepting it in an exchange for goods or services. No one accepts Bitcoin, They just seen Dollar values. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 13:05:14
But why not? bitcoinlitegoldsupercoin is just the same? Infact I think it's going to be the future of money, Why won't you accept that? Bit unfair dont you think? 
@_date: 2017-10-29 21:52:30
Fucking hell, I actually didn't realize it, Just how bad this actually is is. This sentence right here should be a MAJOR RED FLAG TO ANYONE READING THIS!!.....
This is kinda privacy invasive... but not any worse than the info a bank would need to open an account.
Once verified, wire them some money from your bank account. No Paypal, No Venmo... bank wire. Welcome to the future of money, you're almost there, lol.
Fucking hell, They even added a lol at the end of that sentence. Isn't that just cute. 
@_date: 2017-09-13 13:56:45
I know. I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow think that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...
@_date: 2017-10-25 06:44:07
Seek and you shall find. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 16:52:02
About more than can you imagine. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 18:02:31
So so true!! This is what people are in it for DOLLARS mother fuckers! Fiat all that way.... 
@_date: 2017-10-26 06:55:43
LOL! Your one of "Those".... 
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:42:31
Worst thing you can do is get excited in a trade. Take emotions out of it. Fear/Greed. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 21:30:35
I do that, If the man on the street is talking about something they are investing in or the next "Hot tip", I am first in line to short it. Old fashioned stores of value have industrial uses. A base value. High tech requires the metals.
It comes down to Full Faith and Credit.There is no inherent value.Thus, the need for massive proselytizing by crypto believers.
Multi Level Marketing. The early adopters are making the most. The late entrants are sustaining the early adopters.
@_date: 2017-10-24 18:03:37
I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow thing that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...Sadly, no lesson was learned, no wisdom won. I've yet to see a post saying "oh, well, I guess there is a reason for those laws and regulations. I guess that thinking that a trick of technology could fix human behavior was naive. I guess this is what I should have expected all along." Alas, this also fails to surprise - it is also human nature to close one's eyes and fervently believe that the reason that one's pants are on fire couldn't possibly have anything to do with one's decision to walk through puddles of petrol while smoking a cigarette...
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:47:02
Your right. People with financial woes should NOT be in Bitcoin right now. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:29:14
why do we have so many fiat currencies then? What separates them?
Country's/Borders/Religion's/Government's/Race's/Nationality's Just the way it should be.
The change is inevitable. Don't worry it's not your fault. Some people are afraid of changes.
Yes, When the driving force of change is hucksters, con artists, people who can decide at the drop of a hat that they don't like one particular part about Bitcoin and can change it instantly, Leaving millions of people "broke" overnight with no say. No stability and people who are blinded by this con. Mentally unstable people who are "invested" in Bitcoin. Does that scare me? Yes it does if that is going to be "The future of money". Bitcoin is nothing but an underground currency that has no real value in the world but someone was really good at marketing and everyone is that buried in debt they think they can make a quick profit off it. People who are getting in now are way too late. The Early adopters are the ones who have profited but your post man/taxi driver/bin man or even worse the fairly well educated types teachers, nurses who are desperate to make some real money those are types are the ones who are going to be in the gutter aka the bag holders when someone else decides Bitcoin IS indeed worthless.
My 80k deposits in the UK are protected by the government and I am assuming there is another protection in other country's. Is Bitcoin? Are any Bitcoin deposits protected? 
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:28:39
LOL! What a fool. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:44:12
HAHAHA! You can almost hear the sarcasm over the internet tubez.
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:03:41
So where is the bulk of your money now? Serious question? 
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:26:50
That's amazing!! Keep up the good work. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:26:32




That's it, Personalfinance is just for peasants. Bitcoin for the big playazzz LOL! 
@_date: 2017-10-26 21:30:19
Keep them both around? 
@_date: 2017-10-29 22:14:17
I wrote a tiny fragment of the original code to run on GPU instead of CPU. I know what big Pharma company's are doing with it (Blockchain), Hence why I am investing in those company's. My argument is with those who just see it as pure fiat profit and nothing else. They are going to get burned and burned hard in its current form. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:42:00
Imagine 59 $100 bills in your hand. Count them. Fold the pile and try to put it in your wallet. Set them on the coffee table in resignation. Now imagine picking them up, puttting them in an envelope, licking and sealing the envelope, then writing an address on the envelope which allows it to arrive at the bitcoin exchange. Walk to a U.S. mailbox, open the slot, feel the thickness of the envelope, look to the sky and drop the envelope inside.
Good luck sleeping...
@_date: 2017-10-29 22:04:19
Old fashioned stores of value have industrial uses. A base value. High tech requires the metals.
It comes down to Full Faith and Credit.There is no inherent value.Thus, the need for massive proselytizing by crypto believers. I'll say it again... Crypto has a place as a very real "medium of exchange" IF and WHEN an international engineering task force that is all inclusive that solicits ideas for development like the IETF...
Having said this... The "store of value" DOES NOT EXIST at present. And until IT DOES join that "medium of exchange" part that has yet to agree on "specie standards" it's nothing less than "vaporware" ripe for the worst assault by the "Usual Suspects" as they see fit!!
Multi Level Marketing. The early adopters are making the most. The late entrants are sustaining the early adopters.  Bitcoin is NOT a commodity and does not have an underlying value any more than a piece of paper with George Washingtons' picture on it.  We'll see how the millennial children do when the bottom drops out of the Ponzi scheme and everyone demands something of true value in exchange for a loaf of bread or a gallon of gasoline. 
@_date: 2017-10-18 06:42:03
It doesn't really matter if bitcoin or etherium will stop going up at 6k or 60k.
The moment it really stops is the monet nobody will be able to sell it.
e.g. the central banks will not allow national currencies and commercial transactions for bitcoin and ISPs will filter it out along with all websites supporting it or governments will start taxing it like regular products (VAT, import and export tax, back-taxes for undeclared assets, gambling taxes, demand for back-payments into social insurance, medical insurance and pension based on any transactional values, etc.)...
so, when that happens the only cryptos that will stand and even so value very little will be the central bank based cryptops.
The only thing cryptos are good for is speculation at this very moment and, if you're crazy lucky and you find someone willing to sell you a car, some land or a house then you made a good investment because you don't pay taxes.... but in reality nobody sells anything for cryptos to give it value... you can only sell it for fiat and then buy something with that toilet paper
WAKE UP !
@_date: 2017-10-25 13:26:12
Just like Bitcoin, Wayyyyyyyyyyy! Sorry shouldn't be so immature. Some people are right, Some people are so heavy into Bitcoin they can't afford for it not to work. 
@_date: 2017-10-24 18:04:06
I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow thing that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...Sadly, no lesson was learned, no wisdom won. I've yet to see a post saying "oh, well, I guess there is a reason for those laws and regulations. I guess that thinking that a trick of technology could fix human behavior was naive. I guess this is what I should have expected all along." Alas, this also fails to surprise - it is also human nature to close one's eyes and fervently believe that the reason that one's pants are on fire couldn't possibly have anything to do with one's decision to walk through puddles of petrol while smoking a cigarette...
@_date: 2017-10-26 06:59:13
Cryptos seem like some elaborate setup. Like no one knows Satoshi Nakamoto but he invented a crypto that has a higher market cap than Goldman Sachs?
They must think we’re stupid. A bank would spend millions just to find Satoshi and millions more to have Satoshi create a new crypto for said bank. Millions invested could become billions
But they ‘can’t find Satoshi’
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:41:47
Imagine 59 $100 bills in your hand. Count them. Fold the pile and try to put it in your wallet. Set them on the coffee table in resignation. Now imagine picking them up, puttting them in an envelope, licking and sealing the envelope, then writing an address on the envelope which allows it to arrive at the bitcoin exchange. Walk to a U.S. mailbox, open the slot, feel the thickness of the envelope, look to the sky and drop the envelope inside.
Good luck sleeping...
@_date: 2017-10-24 18:10:57
I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow thing that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...Sadly, no lesson was learned, no wisdom won. I've yet to see a post saying "oh, well, I guess there is a reason for those laws and regulations. I guess that thinking that a trick of technology could fix human behavior was naive. I guess this is what I should have expected all along." Alas, this also fails to surprise - it is also human nature to close one's eyes and fervently believe that the reason that one's pants are on fire couldn't possibly have anything to do with one's decision to walk through puddles of petrol while smoking a cigarette...
@_date: 2017-09-11 23:49:07
The biggest factor here is greed by people who don't have a clue. They are the suckers. Everyone is talking about bitcoin and when your mates start talking about it or your parents or relatives about how they are going to make money in Bitcoin you know there's a problem somewhere. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 08:26:10
What about the other 1% of Uncertainty? I'm so sorry that you are that you can't afford for Bitcoin not to work.  
@_date: 2017-10-25 07:49:03
I’m glad you found it useful. That makes me hard. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 18:41:40
Very well thought out and presented arguments. Especially "No one said crypto is the solution to everything but it definitely is a solution to some of the major problems with banking right now."
@_date: 2017-10-25 06:43:55
I am proud of what I wrote and I need to spread the word about the fraud that is BTC/Crypto's
@_date: 2017-10-13 16:28:14
I'm so glad people are well informed about Bitcoin. 
@_date: 2017-10-29 21:42:08
More crypto propaganda.  Pump and dump on a grand scale. Old fashioned stores of value have industrial uses. A base value. High tech requires the metals.
It comes down to Full Faith and Credit.There is no inherent value.Thus, the need for massive proselytizing by crypto believers. I'll say it again... Crypto has a place as a very real "medium of exchange" IF and WHEN an international engineering task force that is all inclusive that solicits ideas for development like the IETF...
Having said this... The "store of value" DOES NOT EXIST at present. And until IT DOES join that "medium of exchange" part that has yet to agree on "specie standards" it's nothing less than "vaporware" ripe for the worst assault by the "Usual Suspects" as they see fit!!
Multi Level Marketing. The early adopters are making the most. The late entrants are sustaining the early adopters.  Bitcoin is NOT a commodity and does not have an underlying value any more than a piece of paper with George Washingtons' picture on it.  We'll see how the millennial children do when the bottom drops out of the Ponzi scheme and everyone demands something of true value in exchange for a loaf of bread or a gallon of gasoline. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 09:29:48
Yes I can, Thanks. So lets say we have two competing "Crypto" coins. What separates them? Lets maginify that 1000 times. What is the difference between Bitcoin and BitcoinLiteGoldSuperCoin? Nothing. Both dogshit. 
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:41:04
Imagine 59 $100 bills in your hand. Count them. Fold the pile and try to put it in your wallet. Set them on the coffee table in resignation. Now imagine picking them up, puttting them in an envelope, licking and sealing the envelope, then writing an address on the envelope which allows it to arrive at the bitcoin exchange. Walk to a U.S. mailbox, open the slot, feel the thickness of the envelope, look to the sky and drop the envelope inside.
Good luck sleeping...
@_date: 2017-10-24 18:02:48
I've been rolling on the floor watching these bitcoin reports go by. Someone creates an anonymous, untraceable and intentionally unregulated way of exchanging money. That should be your first clue to run the other way as quickly as possible. But instead, a bunch of people start shouting "hurray! this is wonderful! those damn governments and their rules! No we can put it to "the man" and not be burdened by their silly rules! Being anti-establishment makes us so cool!" somehow thinking that anonymous people on the internet are somehow more trustworthy. Then when the blind sheep are fleeced, the first thing that happens is a great hue and cry for "Call the police! I've been robbed! They've broken the law! Justice! I demand justice!" - going right back to the same governments they had decried before, back to the same rules and regulations that they had scoffed at before - all for the very same reasons that those rules and regulations and agencies had been setup in the first place - because anonymous people will rob you blind if you give them a chance. A lesson learned by most people ages ago - but something that is apparently news to the new generation of ever-so-wise, anti-establishment, internet geeks who somehow thing that basic human behavior is now different because they have a computer...Sadly, no lesson was learned, no wisdom won. I've yet to see a post saying "oh, well, I guess there is a reason for those laws and regulations. I guess that thinking that a trick of technology could fix human behavior was naive. I guess this is what I should have expected all along." Alas, this also fails to surprise - it is also human nature to close one's eyes and fervently believe that the reason that one's pants are on fire couldn't possibly have anything to do with one's decision to walk through puddles of petrol while smoking a cigarette...
@_date: 2017-10-13 11:40:19
Imagine 59 $100 bills in your hand. Count them. Fold the pile and try to put it in your wallet. Set them on the coffee table in resignation. Now imagine picking them up, puttting them in an envelope, licking and sealing the envelope, then writing an address on the envelope which allows it to arrive at the bitcoin exchange. Walk to a U.S. mailbox, open the slot, feel the thickness of the envelope, look to the sky and drop the envelope inside.
Good luck sleeping...
@_date: 2017-10-24 19:10:20
I just think that too many people in the UK especially are going to loose their house and savings because of Bitcoin, Well most of them are going to loose that anyway because of the crippling debt they are in but I would much rather them lose money to banks than "anonymous" hucksters that are using Bitcoin as a get rich quick scheme. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 12:35:00
This is my hobby. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 07:21:26
Yes, That is right. Dollars/Pounds REAL Proper MONEY like Dollars and Pounds, That's great. As long as people are honest about Bitcoin, It's nothing more than a fraud for hucksters to make some REAL money. 
@_date: 2017-10-26 07:31:24
Perhaps, Some say his BTC profits are in Serabi Gold, You'll have to do your own research. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 12:57:33
Now I didn't say I was trolling did I? Protecting humanity from the fraud that is Bitcoin is different. I think my point's are valid. 