@_author: thegravymachine
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:32:24
Looks like the culprit was ATT latency while I was toggling through the pairs.  But still, it created an interesting moment.  Also, does this count as a "ticker screenshot"?
@_date: 2017-10-12 21:11:23
Sure. So the question is - what are the reporting obligations of the exchanges?  Do they generate a 1099 as soon as you sell or withdraw/spend/transfer all or part of the asset?  In my case, how can they do that since the coins were transferred outside the exchange before any appreciation took place?
I don't think they can which is why I'm very concerned about what that Rogoff guy brought up.  Government isn't good at anything but fucking up everything. Decentralized or not, I'm sure once this affects tax revenues, an all-out smear campaign and interference war will be waged against these coins/tokens/currencies.
@_date: 2017-10-13 00:48:16
Unsurprisingly, according to that document, the IRS views crypto as any other asset of oscillating value, specifically referring to it as property, subject to any tax requirements of other assets in that class.  With any other investment, when you liquidate the asset, the brokerage rewards you by sending a 1099 of this activity to you and the IRS.  I doubt any jackboots will be kicking in my door over my meager holdings, but suppose I purchased 100K on Coinbase around Sep 14th.  Price has increased over 30% since.  If I moved everything to my ledger (discounting exchange fees and BTC network fees) the same day, what mechanism informs Uncle Sam of my acquisition of the asset? With property, there's title and tax ramifications... but nothing for crypto.  
The theoretical tax liabilities on 30K are at least 10K... extrapolate that to every crpto holder and that's an enormous revenue shortfall - if the IRS is paying close attention to BTC and at this point, who isnt?
I think very soon we will be required to register our wallets and/or acquisitions with some bureaucracy and be forced to pay fees for this "privilege".  Hypothetically, how might a government track holdings if they're held in off-market wallets/accounts?
@_date: 2017-10-12 10:07:40
Sqwuak box was reporting that Japan made some sort of announcement this morning - I tried to find the specific news item, but the only thing I could find is weeks/months old reports on the legitimization of the exchanges... Somethin's definitely goin' on...
