@_author: thehypekiller
@_date: 2019-10-24 00:48:05
Stocks are not fiat. They represent an ownership stake in a company that is earning profits. Those profits drive returns regardless of the currency they trade in. Companies will not use USD if some cryptocurrency becomes dominant. They will use that crypto. Their services are not contingent upon a currency, especially if you are globally diversified. 
How exactly are stocks in a bubble if returns are in line with historical performance?
Saying that stocks will be confiscated is hysterical nonsense. But if you truly believe in conspiracy theories I can see I'm talking to a brick wall.
@_date: 2019-10-24 01:50:48
By that logic why post on reddit? You have none either.
@_date: 2019-10-24 01:34:13
I do have zero credibility - I'm just a random person on the internet. That's very true. I prefer it that way - it prevents the 'appeal to authority' logical fallacy that is widespread. We need to evaluate each other's comments on their merits rather than who is saying them.
I am, as somebody who takes personal finance very seriously, concerned by the things you're saying. You are adopting phrases literally designed for one thing and applying them to something they were not designed for. 
Yes, Bitcoin has done well in the past. But that logic applies to somebody who rolled black in roulette seven times in a row. Well clearly since it was black seven times in a row, it will be black again..
In order to predict Bitcoin's FUTURE returns you must provide reasoning for the returns. There are two things that affect bitcoin's price - demand and supply. 
The supply is going down - congrats that is actually in your favor.
So therefore, if demand REMAINS CONSTANT, the predicted return of bitcoin is the amount of supply reduced. This will not provide doubling every year.
Then you must predict demand - which is impossible. We have literally no way to predict demand of bitcoin.
So you are dumping money into an asset that has no fundamental reason for increasing in price other than slowly increasing scarcity.
Do you not understand how risky that is and how it is fundamentally different than investing in products that actually produce earnings?
The PE ratio of the US market is roughly 20, about 15 for international.
That's an earnings yield of 5% for US and 6.66% for international. Those are baseline predicted returns and earnings grow with inflation so add 2% on top which makes returns of 6% and 8.66% which are very reasonable and not a bubble.
You're right that some companies do not produce earnings. There are value ETFs that can allow you to avoid investing in those companies.
@_date: 2019-10-23 20:05:03
You do realize what you are saying applies to the stock market correct? Earnings grow over time which is the foundation for stocks to grow over long periods of time. Bitcoin has no earnings, the return is 100% speculation based on what you believe others will pay in the future.
You are literally gambling by believing there will be the same level of demand for bitcoin in the future.
@_date: 2019-12-17 20:35:28
USD does well in a recession. Why would they turn to a volatile asset when money is fleeing volatile assets?