@_author: thehobbit85
@_date: 2015-06-24 17:53:15
Hey, I'm one of the developers working on this new protocol.
I have some comments on what you wrote (not in the same order you wrote them):
"There are two other competing standards that actually have users and traction" - It sounds like you are in 1998 saying that we don't need another search engine since altavista and yahoo already have real life users. 
As far as the real world (people who don't spend there time flaming over hash functions on is concerned, no one really understand or uses Bitcoin, not to mention 2.0 protocols. There is a potentially huge market that can benefit from blockchain technologies - be it ColoredCoins, etherium, factom or whatever - but the current user base is still so small that it's still an open game that is years and years away before we are in position to be forced to comply with a solution for it's networking effect.
About your concern with the open source part of the Standard, I agree that currently it's not a full stand alone client side application.
But at this point we (Colu) as a commercial company care more about focusing our efforts on our platform then on the standalone client. They are being developed simultaneously and Iit will take some more time but eventually there will be a full complaint standalone app, and when it will happen, It will be build from the same modules we use for our own commercial use.
And finally, I really didn't understand what you meant by "the spec as it stands is not reproducible". 
The spec is not an implementation. As the name implies, it's just the protocol specification. It's kinda like complaining that it's a hard work building a browser since the http protocol is not reproducible (or whatever you meant)
@_date: 2015-05-26 09:04:51
We are working on some type of an incentive system based on the POS (proof of stake) concept but I can't get into to much details since it's still a work in progress. 
What I can say is that on day 1 we will host some trackers and some seed boxes to help spread the data.
The hope is that with enough usage and everyone seeding their own data, the network will be able to have a sufficient bandwidth.
But like I said, we are going to release an incentive mechanism to expand the bandwidth even more
@_date: 2015-05-26 08:12:12
Hello, I'm one the developers at Colu working on the new protocol and it's implementation.
I'm not sure I understood what security issues you have in mind but I just wanted to clarify something.
The torrent (DHT) layer is only used in order to transfer extra meta data that is too big (or expansive) to go into the blockchain.
However, all the meta-data is hashed (by 2 different hashing schemes) and the hashes are stored on the blockchain.
In no way we are trusting the data that comes from the torrent file blindly, everything (including the ASSET_NAME) is verified cryptographically against data that is stored on the blockchain.
If there is another security issue that you think of that may arise from using torrents I would love to hear about it to make sure that we thought about it.
@_date: 2013-11-27 16:29:14
Didn't know I'm your first order to Israel so cool to hear that ,and yes, it was a Macbook Pro retina Haswell.
Can't wait to get it already, can't stand my old 15 inch i7 one :)
