@_author: theholylampshade
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:43:27
Well, that's sort of the interesting thing about Bitcoin. It seems some people ran to the currency as a means by which to distance themselves from a governing authority they view as preditory or inefficient, anad are finding out that the government is what is providing some level of regulation and protection of market mechanisms (FINRA, CFTC, and the SEC in this case).
Mind you this isn't a statement about the effectiveness of the SEC, but a regulatory body overseeing trading certainly helps underscore why certain market architectures are effective at minimising volatility and help discourage malfesence in market participants.
The whole volatility in the asset is fascinating to me (mind you I am not in any way invested in bitcoin and I have absolutely no intention of investing in it).
@_date: 2013-04-19 14:26:42
Gotcha. And the belief "on the street" is these half dozen are insufficient to support the transaction flow? Sorry, I'm coming into this a bit late, and arguably from another side of the "industry".
From what I gather people are still concerned that Mtgox has too much market share, and thus an exceptional influence on the transaction flow. What keeps the other five facilities from picking up market share?
To the second point of the comment, you're not wrong that the informed market would move flow dependent on market structure and economic improvements (better pricing, more informed execution prices, etc). I would just be concerned that inexperienced people starting new markets could very easily erode people's trust in bitcoin (or any other traded commodity where there's an extremely low barrier of entry) as those markets fail and wipe people out in the process.
Edit (sorry, still thinking here as I type): Has the failure or "sleeziness" of some of the current transaction/conversion facilities (you see complaints about it from time to time here) already eroded some level of trust people have in interacting with new participants in the market? 
@_date: 2013-04-19 14:53:13
Makes sense.
Mind if I ask one other question regarding the current structure? These are exchanges between fiat currencies and bitcoin correct? In performing these transactions the exchanges hold accounts for you as a trader (similar to the ways a broker would in most of the normal regulated markets)?
I would think what the community would really want, from a risk mitigation standpoint, would be something like centralised clearing to go hand-in-hand with decentralised market centers. That way you could perform your transaction anywhere, but you wouldn't be exposed to the risk that the market center you're interacting with would blow up prior to the trade clearing.
In your opinion, what drivers (besides that Mtgox can't handle the current order/account introduction load) does the market have for further decentralisation? Are the economics on a per trade basis poor? Or is this just mitigating the inability to perform a trade due to the timeliness of response from the trading venue?
@_date: 2013-04-19 13:23:53
More exchanges also mean more fragmentation and the potential for poorer price discovery. 
Having them all built off the same source, what potential value would they provide besides "we're here too"?
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:47:58
And now we begin to understand why the SEC exists...
@_date: 2013-04-19 14:16:23
Well, fragmentation is an issue if there isn't significant liquidity to avoid blowing through the market with single orders. I'm just curious if bitcoin has enough total interest to justify a half dozen or dozen different transaction facilities.