@_author: thehedgemon
@_date: 2014-10-17 04:40:08
nope, in all videos!
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:48:00
Honestly, what these guys are doing is hugely beneficial for both the bitcoin community and general bitcoin exposure to the public. A good portion of the articles that the general public reads are about nefarious characters, drugs, or money laundering with bitcoin association. So the average Joe may not be comfortable sending a company like Bitstamp their SSN, routing number, ID, and other personal information to an online company dealing with what they see as the Devils Dollars that is bitcoin :P 
Because of this (in my mind) people are willing to pay 5% on a standard exchange price. These first time users are going to have NO idea how to use an exchange let alone have any technical understanding of bitcoin... These machines provide the public both accessibility and education. THAT is the point. It is a tangible access point where people can come to experience bitcoin for the first time in a manner that they can grasp. So losing 5% on the spread is the last thing on their minds. Now they can say they own a bitcoin and can feel a part of the community.
On that note, I think the ZenBox guys are doing a great job. I have used their machines and have had no issues whatsoever. I was even able to contact the CEO directly (he left his card) and ask him some questions about the machine. He blatantly informed me that there have been some hiccups in the Robocoin software that prevented some transactions to complete, but they were able to refund all transactional mishaps. The company is young, but thankfully they are approaching it a professional way. He also let me know that they will be providing informational brochures on bitcoin and how to use the machine and that they will be rolling out a couple hundred machines over the coming months once they nail down software. I expect ZenBox will be a brand name the public can trust when it comes to buying/selling bitcoin. (I hope!!!) 
Only time will tell, but for now thank you ZenBox. Keep spreading all that that is bitcoin!!!
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:59:08
I heard that a new company is taking over the machine and has cash service Garda on lock down..... If it's true then this machine will be a well oiled machine.
@_date: 2014-07-09 00:48:57
There is a HUGE "Buy and Sell Bitcoin" Sign in front. Picture here does not show it