@_author: thejbullfrog
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:27:41
I keep seeing "Ripple is Dead". Where are all the users dumping their XRP at in such a great pace? What investors are leaving? What startups are dropping out? 
Why is BTC so much better? Because it's more decentralized? Apples and oranges. Everyone assumes and/or scared that Ripple will freeze their assets even tho it is highly unlikely. They are becoming regulated in order to gain traction in the US and other banking systems. They froze Jed's assets because of past infighting and to protect the XRP price. Jed wants XRP to crash. Ripple tried to protect XRP from crashing thus protecting their investors. Seems that, rather others like it or not, that Ripple protected it's users.
The Bitcoin FDN could decide one day to cash out in a great pump and dump for all anyone knows. (I don't think this would happen, just a what if).
Seems to be more Jed vs RL nonsense again. Maybe RL should have let the Jed family cash out. Maybe Jed shouldn't be trying to crash XRP again and slowly sell off his holdings. Maybe this doesn't really mean anything and it's just another crypto news piece that people will move on from in a couple days.
Compared to all the other alts out there and the vitality of BTC right now, I am getting much more use out of XRP at this time. Its a good time to buy BTC, and if you have them a good time to hold your XRP.
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:04:18
Bitcoin can not do everything that can be done on the Ripple network. Other cryptocurrencies are great and should not be over looked, but there are startups that will succeed just fine on the Ripple network and other crypto networks like it. I have watched Ripple startups move forward (not all of them of course) since I started building on the network. 
Why focus on one network when you can take advantage of many? 
And remember, this battle of Jed vs Ripple has been occurring for a while now. It is not a surprise to me at all that Ripple froze Jed's account. Jed wants to crash the price with his cashing out. Ripple wants to keep the price as stable as possible while Jed sells off his XRP. 
@_date: 2015-04-23 19:07:33
It appears most people on the thread do not know this, understand it, or will allow themselves to understand this.
@_date: 2015-04-23 18:49:37
It really wouldn't surprise me to see a cryptocurrency becoming a "collectors item" to someone.
Vintage Bitcoin for only a 20% markup....but they have a monocle, a top hat, AND a mustache!