@_author: thekingsfortune
@_date: 2019-11-06 18:21:24
Not wrong. While Comex CAN be settled in physical, either party can force a simple fiat transaction.  This is the genesis of paper gold in futures markets, and makes it useless as a price discovery method. 
There is not enough physical gold above ground to settle all COMEX trades. This is no secret.
@_date: 2019-11-06 15:21:59
That is the exact caveat I expressed. Gold price suppression occurred because spot price was set by London Fix before the SGE overtook them. SGE is technically a physical delivery futures market. Since you can actually demand delivery, gold futures at SGE have a direct impact on spot prices. In this way, BAKKT futures are true market making contracts as well, although volumes are currently too small to move the global markets.
@_date: 2019-11-06 13:30:05
When there is no delivery the only effect a future contract has is psychological. Aside from that, there is no correlation unless markets accept those contract settlements as price discovery and are willing to buy and sell at those prices. The settlement prices of BTC paper futures has no effect whatsoever on what someone pays for a BTC on Coinbase, so this is not the case. Price discovery is achieved purely by buyers and sellers, with available supply in the market the primary limiting factor for price.
@_date: 2019-06-21 13:22:27
The only reason trend analysis has any better performance than random walks is because people believe in them and turn them into self-fulfilling prophesy. The trend analysis techniques with the most followers ensure better market correlations due to the actions of their adherents.
It really is kind of silly.
@_date: 2019-06-26 15:45:07
Everyone will never do the same thing. There will always be people willing to disburse  a portion of their holdings to buy a lambo or whatever.
@_date: 2019-06-24 16:59:00
The actual model for crypto is not as much a trading model as it is a hoarding model.  People do not generally hoard pork bellies or oil, or even paper currency. They hoard bitcoin as a simple economic realization,  being that there is no alternative investment vehicle which can provide equal returns for less risk. If one makes a million USD by hodling BTC, and they cash out, where exactly can they put that capital to work? Therefore, it remains in BTC until some time in the future where it might get converted to goods and services rather than another investment vehicle.
Additionally, in this context market cap is almost a meaningless yardstick. The number of BTC that exist means almost nothing when considering price. What matters is how many are available to trade on the market. The hoarding model suggests that the number available for trading will continue shrinking every day.  If only 1 BTC were available for trading, a single Satoshi could be worth millions without effecting any other global market whatsoever. Even if millions of BTC exist in cold wallets. The hoarding model forces BTC investors to constantly corner the market on themselves.
@_date: 2019-09-03 18:49:38
The total number of coins in existence matters less than than the total available for sale. With only 2k-3k available for sale on the exchanges, the prices would far surpass 1 million each without affecting the rest of the economy in the least.
Bitcoin prices increase mainly because they are hoarded, not because they are traded.
@_date: 2019-05-29 13:30:04
Most bitcoins in circulation are not really in circulation. Most are being held, only a small percentage are actually available for purchase at any given time. Ask the Hunt brothers what you can do with that.
If 18 Million BTC are held by hands that will not sell, and only a few thousand are being traded back and forth, you could very easily have 1 million dollars per coin OR MORE and cause zero inflation to fiat currencies.