@_author: thekingsofcrunk
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:40:59
Because a savings account gives you a fixed yield whereas bitcoin is highly volatile? Because the FDIC insures your money while fiascos like MtGox have solidified in the public perception that alternative currencies lack any sort of safety mechanism? Do you want me to keep listing reasons why your comment is stupid?
Sorry the system is just keeping you down, man. Keep fighting the good fight!
@_date: 2014-12-15 04:37:23
Have you not figured out that half this sub is just "abolish the fed" conspiracy theorists?
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:12:15
Inflation/disinflation. I don't think that's a likely scenario for at least 50 years, however. I think a reasonable goal is widespread adoption of cryptocurrencies, not supposition. 
@_date: 2014-11-15 20:07:22
If you're going to be an asshole on the internet and try to tell other people they're wrong, you should probably spell "cue" correctly.
@_date: 2014-12-15 17:57:24
Why put money in a bank when you can just put it under your mattress?
@_date: 2014-12-15 14:10:44
First, your first statement is completely factually inaccurate. Any college freshman taking a "money and banking" course would tell you banks would move to offer higher yields to shore up deposit base, not less. If the fed saw a lack of demand for cash due to adoptance of Bitcoin, they'd simply jack up rates and pare down money supply. I'm sure in a world where we've "abolished the fed" things would work differently, but I prefer to operate in reality. The initial question is why people would want to use banks and traditional monetary sources in a world full of widespread Bitcoin adoption, and my answer still stands. 
Even if we adopt the hypothetical that everyone uses Bitcoin, you forget the other purpose of a bank: to provide leverage in the market. Banks are taking in these deposits to provide loans. Even with a deflationary currency, banks will still provide some interest on a deposit simply so they can obtain their necessary deposit base. You can make the argument that "oh we won't need banks because Bitcoin will let us do peer to peer loans", but there's two huge problems with p2p lending. 
First, all of the p2p lending out there essentially only takes on zero-risk populations. In order to make risky loans that allow the underprivileged to participate in the economy, you need a. good risk analysis and b. good underwriting capability. When you start to build these capabilities, the costs begin to accumulate, and what you realize is that the most efficient way to provide this service is going to be something that resembles a bank. 
Second, and more importantly, people aren't going to be constantly willing to go out and look for p2p loans to store tiny amounts of value. It's not efficient, and it's illiquid. I can't put money into a p2p loan when I receive my paycheck and I can't pull money out of a p2p loan to pay my gas bill. If, like you said, Bitcoin is deflationary, people are not going to want to hold it in their wallet either. Where is the best place to store short-term assets going to be? Oh...a bank. Unless you have a better idea, since you're so smart and all.
As to your second comment, I'm not sure you know what "insure" means. Banks pay monthly premiums to the FDIC. It's entirely funded by these premiums, as are any payouts. There's no "printing money" to bail out individual depositors. I'm not sure where in your completely incorrect answer you say something that merits name-calling, but I'm sure your community college courses have imparted far more knowledge upon you than I could possibly comprehend.
@_date: 2016-12-03 00:11:49
Right? These are all fucking nothing countries. Pretty sure Kansas City has a bigger GDP than any of these...