@_author: thelonedonut
@_date: 2018-01-05 13:54:02
Still working hard on it.  Right now we've got a system that is tweeting out buy/sell picks from the SP500 each day based upon our pattern recognition from press releases =&gt; market movement.  We had some great early successes, the first ~20 days of picking produced ~10% returns on the buy side and ~7% returns on the short side while only dealing with safe, large cap companies.  We were running into scaling issues as the runtime to score drastically increased as we collected more training data, so we made some changes to the algo, and the accuracy of the picks seems to have dipped so now we're trying to find other optimizations.  
  
If you want to view the picks while we continue development, then I would recommend following  on Twitter.  It's automated to tweet out picks before the market opens each day.  Please keep in mind that the algos are being developed and are under heavy testing, so it's hard to say whether the tool is  extremely useful for investing *yet.*
@_date: 2018-01-05 14:49:52
We're currently running the system to score crypto, but we haven't done any analysis of the performance/accuracy.  It will come, hopefully sometime this Spring.  I'll be writing a whitepaper on the system and its performance for my senior thesis, it should include a part on analyzing crypto markets
@_date: 2018-01-05 15:00:36
I'm not the dev focused on the UI, but soon enough I'm hoping that users will be able to jump on quikfo.com, search up crypto, and see the sentiment scores for the assets in real time.  The data all exists, it just needs to be loaded into a frontend.  Could be useful for your analysis
@_date: 2017-08-02 20:31:37
Hey, what language(s) are you using?  Are you building it for personal, academic, or commercial purposes?  Is your goal a web service or desktop application?  
  
Tbh we're not sure exactly how we would analyze altcoin sentiment yet, though it can't be far from our company sentiment system 
@_date: 2017-08-03 19:53:47
Working with alt coin is entirely exploratory, but our project initially was based on documented research that sentiment analysis can accurately predict stock market movements.  There's a Stanford research paper which suggests bitcoin can be tracked using sentiment analysis.  
  
Our focus isn't so much based solely in twitter but on Web scraping news sources in general.  We've also got this cool little system that finds news before it's picked up by the mainstream, so we can find news that is projected to be very popular in the near future, but has barely broken yet.  Lots of different potential routes for determining good alt coin investment 
@_date: 2017-08-03 17:51:47
That's clever, I hadn't thought to include emoticons haha.  We're aiming to implement a machine learning component which can compare our sentiment scoring system with next day real performance, then improve upon itself and how it weighs certain words, etc..  Goal is to put it all into an easy to use Web based front end and sell subscriptions to the service