@_author: thelatethagsimmons
@_date: 2014-01-01 00:06:48


Well, that's the point. We're not about to say that state-socialism is not "real" socialism. Merely that that's not the aspect of socialism that we're proposing. We will readily state that the centrally planned markets through state intervention, while totally socialism, is antithetical to our proposed beliefs. 
That's the inconsistency with most anti-state pro-capitalists. As I stated earlier, there's a very clear cognitive dissonance over the issue when you specify both "crony capitalism" and "free market capitalism" as being separate. Clearly they're both capitalism, it's just that one of them you oppose. The latter is not "true capitalism" any more or less than the other. It's merely that the latter is your preferred version of capitalism. 
Using "capitalism" interchangeably with "free markets" dilutes the value and importance of each. 


Again, I don't use it as a reason to poke holes in the philosophy. Which is why I'm very careful to explain that it has nothing to do with the actual philosophy. It's just one of those irritating things about *most* AnCaps, especially the voluntarist breed.
It just makes me want to roll my eyes and make a jacking off gesture in one hand while pretending to suck a dick with my other hand. 
It's something that I've only heard one say in person once and they instantly shut up once I pointed out that inconsistency. Granted, I was a complete dick about it, but I was pretty pissed at the hypocrisy. 


Well, as I mentioned the redistribution of land by Henry VIII. That's where we get our entire concept of Private Property Rights as well as all the factors unique to PPR. Hoppe himself had noted that without that redistribution, we would still be acting on a communal sense of ownership. Even in the New World, it was the capitalists (formerly mercantilists, former feudalists) that attempted to re-establish PPR in America and that was the basis for nearly every conflict with the native populations all throughout the East coast.
The vast majority of people wanted to establish the former "muddy" ownership systems through tilling and land use, which was strongly favored with the native populations. But it was the powerful land owners and backers of the expeditions that messed things up. The result was the slaughter of the native populations from Georgia to Nova Scotia. 


That's a long list and it's nothing that you said. It's after many discussions with RightLibs in the past. Unfortunately, it's New Year's Eve... I'm a bartender. That means I have to work soon. It's going to be busy.
Stay safe. If you go out, please don't drive yourself. And always tip your bartender.
Happy New Year's.
@_date: 2013-12-30 08:59:49
Well the user did say that they were an anarchist... So yeah.
@_date: 2013-12-20 17:33:13
What ad hominem? Every part of that is pretty fucking accurate. 
It wouldn't be so bad if you guys actually vented about "statists" and kept it to yourselves, but you don't seem to understand that being anti-capitalism isn't pro-state. You retards are worse than when it comes to destroying productive discourse. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 18:30:51


But they do have control over you while you're at work, which for most of us is the majority of our waking lives. I mean, outside of your bed, is there a place that you spend more time than at work? Your boss has more control over what you do, what you say, how you do it, than any other person in your life (unless you're in a really shitty and controlling relationship at home).


And you are voluntarily a citizen of whatever country you live in. You are always free to renounce your citizenship and move away. There are of course, repercussions to leaving your country just like leaving your job.
Unless you live in North Korea or something...


The state isn't forcing you to stay and live there. You are free to leave. 


What century do you live in? 
@_date: 2013-12-31 20:21:06


Mutualism. It is the entire basis of mutualism is a truly *voluntary* society, not just a "society without a gun in my face". 


That is a completely misleading question (Does your mom know that you're gay?)
The answer is: That is irrelevant. There are many approaches to ownership, property, distribution, exclusion, all of which are quite contradictory to each other, some more complimentary, some of which are more viable towards a truly voluntary society than others. None of which is absolute.
Were you attempting to improperly conflate the general concept of ownership and the general concept of property with the very specific and unique system of Private Property Rights that is inherent to capitalism? If so, you failed. That is just one specific approach to the general concept of ownership or the general concept of property, among many many more.
Admittedly, I would say that the PNW Native approach of private stewardship of public land is probably the most suited toward the goal of being able to "incorporate positive actions through qualitative choice" when specified to the subject(s) of ownership and property.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:02:27


What is a boss but a ruler? What is an owner but a ruler?
If you're using "capitalism" as a synonym for "Free markets", then I will admit that anarchism and (your interpretation of) capitalism are not necessarily antithetical. However, it is not entirely the idea of "free markets" that anarchists oppose (although many do due to their commonly direct ties to capitalism).
[I invite you to take a look at this first]( It might seem long, but you can read it in about two or three minutes. It should give some basis as to what it is exactly that anarchists are opposing when they "oppose capitalism".
However, there are a lot of factors that are *unique* to capitalism that anarchists do oppose, most of them are results of *Private Property Rights*. Once again, notice the specificity of the full term "Private Property Rights" so as to differentiate capitalist ownership from the general idea of property, ownership, or even stewardship. It is very specifically Private Property Rights that anarchists oppose due to the inevitable results as well as the inherent requirements in order to maintain. 
If you're still confused or at all interested, I'd be more than willing to explain more in detail on anything you desire.
@_date: 2013-12-19 21:18:34
That's why they have to redefine "anarchy" from "no-ruler" to "no-state", they still embrace rulership and domination just not from a centralized state. Then they redefine "voluntary" from a positive decision based on qualitative choice to mean "anything not forced at gunpoint by another human".
To them, any criticism of top-down hierarchy of capitalism and corporate ass kissing means that we must be "statists". Because I reject the worker/owner rulership that means I *must* therefore be embracing the state as my ruler. 
They're quite a silly bunch. Unfortunately, it's too late, you've been cross-posted. Your inbox will be full of Fox Business Channel headline quotes and accusations of theft by guns because you support public works.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:20:00
Then I'd encourage you to consider your own definition of "capitalism".
Most Right-Libs will inconsistently label the distinction between "Crony Capitalism" and "Laissez-Faire Capitalism/Free Market Capitalism". The inconsistency? You distinguish either as separate, but without missing a beat will still label both as "capitalism".
You don't tend to consider "free market capitalism" or "laissez-faire capitalism" as redundant. You merely assume that they are one complete term. 
Why is this? 
Well, whether you want to admit it or not, both systems are still capitalism; it's just that one of them sucks while the other is ideal. Otherwise, you'd never distinguish them as "crony capitalism" and "laissez-faire capitalism". Nor would you even have to term it as "free market capitalism" or "laissez-faire capitalism" because that's seemingly redundant, yet you do it anyway.
It's no different than socialists that distinguish libertarian socialism from state socialism... Except most socialists will still admit that state socialism is still socialism, it's just not our ideal. 
It's just a logical inconsistency that I noticed about most pro-capitalists.
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:35:17
No, i'm highlighting the necessary factors for what constitutes "voluntary" action.
Things done out of desperation or even simple need are not voluntary. They are involuntary even if they are not coerced.
Forced/Coerced are not viable metrics for determining "voluntary" action.
@_date: 2013-12-31 17:18:32
Flawed premise how? 
I seek autonomy over our own lives in all aspects of life, not just between the state and the individual. The rest is logical consistency with that principle. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:39:45
My gripes are several:
One, as you pointed out, their misuse of the term "capitalism". They are extremely inconsistent with it. 
Two, their promotion of Private Property Rights while claiming to be "anti-state". Private Property Rights are a fiction created by and secured through the state. Without the state, Private Property Rights are impossible. This is logically inconsistent to support one but oppose the other.
Third, and this is actually the biggest one... It has nothing to do with the actual philosophy or anything. Rather, the *attitude* of most of its adherents. Primarily:
"Under AnCap society, if you desire to start a commune of communists on your private property, you're free to do so. You are free to take your private property and start a worker-coop, no one's stopping you." Or any variation of that... usually followed with some quirky remark about how much more accepting we are, how non-violent we are, how much more inclusive we are.
And yet it is all still dependent upon those other groups accepting and living by the AnCaps views on property rights. Its *really* saying: "You're free to do as you please just so long as you play by *my* rules."
It's the ultimate sneaky bastard faux-acceptance bullshit. It actually upsets me quite a bit, especially when they try to play it off as if they are somehow more enlightened or peaceful as a result of their faux-acceptance. 
The rest is just how logically inconsistent they are when you take their various views from the whole standpoint. It's no different than how logically inconsistent Liberals and Conservatives are when you actually look at their viewpoints from a far out perspective. 
I strongly dislike my tree-hugging primitivist compatriots, but at least those assholes are consistent. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:20:25
Voluntary denotes a positive action taken through qualitative choice... Choosing between being a slave and starving to death in the wilderness is not "voluntary".
Capitalism is no more or less voluntary.
You can, by all means, talk about force and coercion. But don't think that just because there's no gun pointed in your face that it is voluntary. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 21:01:32


Only in the sense that mutualism rejects private property rights and embrace other forms of ownership/property.


Sort of. I mean, we do "share" that idea. But it's not those things that we disagree with. 
That's like saying Christians and Muslims are basically the same thing. You're not *wrong* per say, but it's far from the truth.


Neither. We fully embrace both. We reject top-down structures within business. We find them not only inefficient, but dependent upon state protectionism. Basically, the only real reason you have managers telling workers what to do is because they are acting like the owner's lapdogs to protect the owner's interests from the workers. The only reason that the owner can enact such methods is because the state is protecting his property claim. 
Without the state protecting property claims, most of the inherent "faults" of capitalism that most anarchists oppose would naturally fall away. Absentee ownership, top-down hierarchies, wealth extraction from workers, wealth extraction due to rents on properties... All entirely dependent upon state protection of private property rights.


First thing you need to understand is that Mutualism is first and foremost an ethical and moral philosophy. All the "free market socialist" tags are not quite accurate since not all of us are pro-free markets, nor are all of us necessarily socialists. 
It is the idea of supporting mutually *beneficial* relationships. The worker/owner relationship is anything but mutually beneficial since the owner clearly benefits significantly more than the worker; this is why we reject capitalism.
It can be best summed up as "The practical application of the Golden Rule." Or as I like to quote our greatest modern philosophers, Bill S. Preston Esquire and Ted Theodore Logan when they so eloquently stated:
*Be excellent to each other, and party on dudes!*
Thus the practical application of the Golden Rule in the field of economics leads us to a free market socialist approach. A free market comprised of primarily (but not exclusively) worker cooperatives, business cooperatives, credit unions and mutual banks, private labor unions and syndicates.
Basically, the only time the "wage slave" debate would ever have to come up is in the instance of the "happy slave". If someone genuinely wakes up in the morning and says to himself: You know what? I *want* to go work longer hours for less pay. I *want* a boss telling me what to do in exchange for not having to worry about the business in even the tiniest bit.
Go for it buddy. Go slave yourself away to your heart's content. Work your fingers to the bone with a smile on your face little fella. There will be plenty of starving capitalists that are just dying to employ you.
For the rest of us, however... If given the true qualitative choice between working for someone else or working for ourselves with other like minded individuals with common goals, we'll take the latter every time. I'll take more pay, more autonomy, and fewer hours over wage systems any day. 
Thus, the real question should rarely be: What's stopping me from *xxx* (employing wage workers, renting out my apartment, insert *any* factor that capitalists seem to be free to do)?
The answer is: Nothing. Nothing is stopping you.
The real question is: Why would you?
Without the state protecting your property claim for you, why would you rent out your house to someone else? Why would willingly invite someone to move in and occupy your house then expect them to pay you thousands of dollars a month just for the privilege of living in a house that you have a paper claiming you own? Why would you go work for a wage when most everywhere else you can be a co-owner, take home a cut of the profits, and do without a boss telling you what to do all the time? Why would you invest in a company with no intent of ever actually working there in hopes that the workers there will just magically hand over a cut of the profits to you forever because you have a piece of paper claiming you're an owner? 
You know that whole factor of "risk" that capitalists love to go on and on about? Yeah... That. Why would you? 
@_date: 2013-12-31 19:51:52
Way to miss the entire point. 
No one is holding a gun against your head to eat, you are not coerced... You still do not voluntarily eat. You *can* however, voluntarily choose *what* to eat. 
And yes, the "universe" (way to misapply the term "universe" by the way) does indeed factor into whether things are voluntary or not. Utilizing the unequal bargaining power set against us by "the universe", or "nature", or "whatever stupid term you want to call it", is what makes it exploitation. 
Voluntary/Involuntary is a completely separate subject from Forced/Coerced and Unforced/Un-coerced. Although, they do overlap. 
Obviously if something is coerced/forced, it can't be voluntary. But coercion and force are not the only qualifiers for what makes something voluntary/involuntary.
If you want to keep holding such positions, hey cool! Go for it! But you can't rightfully call it "voluntary" when you really mean "un-coerced". If you want to call something voluntary, it better damn well be voluntary.
@_date: 2013-12-31 22:03:13


Well, the majority of the results that pro-capitalists claim are benefits of their ideal system (whether historical, current, or fantasy) are in fact dependent upon state intervention on behalf of one party in business. *Most* commonly that party is the owner.
It always has been this way since the inception of Private Property Rights under King Henry VIII and King Edward. 
Basically: The factors that are unique to capitalism *through* Private Property Rights are indistinguishable from "State Capitalism".  


None such exist within legal markets. The only places we see these are within gray and black markets. 


We are as individuals. 


That's the idea. 
That without the state interference in markets, socialism naturally out competes its capitalist counterparts, as has been the case all throughout history. 
Private individual entrepreneurs and cooperative ventures have only been out competed by top down "private" enterprise (that which the owners own, workers work, wealth flows to the owner) through the intervention of State protectionism in one way or many. 
Basically, you are correct when you may claim that "we've never had *real* capitalism". There's a reason for that. It's because under a truly free market, socialism and independent enterprise naturally take over; that is until the state intervenes on behalf of property owners to establish capitalism (crony capitalism, whatever). Granted, we have very few instances of this occurring in European history, but many through the Americas and Asia. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 20:16:55
You have been x-posted to the right-wing reactionary vote brigade sub Just a warning, be ready for a lot of downvotes and right-wing propaganda.