@_author: thelamer12345
@_date: 2018-01-09 23:32:11
Dude it's an old thread that no one is reading but you and me not spreading FUD, just pointing out that they can take action. Government entities are not powerless to combat this. The core point  is not that if a governing body can kill Bitcoin, but can they crash the price. I think they are capable of crashing the price simply through announcements and minimal action. 
@_date: 2018-01-08 22:22:30
"instructed to force mining operations out of business using measures linked to electricity pricing, land use, tax and environmental protection"
@_date: 2017-12-30 19:16:51
No their comment was spot on, you gambled  with borrowed money. 
You have not seen anything yet either  . (Just opinion) 
I honestly don't know what all of you whiners expect , you are asking the internet for compassion because you did not make a bunch of easy free money doing absolutely no work? 
Welcome to the suck.
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:15:19
EU totally agree no chance this would work there. Post net neutrality USA it would become a daily occurrence. They will be cleaning up the wild wild west as they see it mark my words. 
I am not CCIE but I know a little bit, I also guarantee to you that tier 1 operators not not only have the ability to manipulate general Internet traffic but do 24/7. Right now it is just QOS, but it could easily be blocking.
I am glad you brought up MPLS, there is a common misconception in the industry that an MPLS or AWS direct connect (literally in combo, the hottest shit right now) is run on an ancillary network or previously dark fiber. 
In fact these services like all bandwidth are shared, and in many hops are shared with what you would consider a standard Internet interlink to a home ISP. In turn this means that in order to hit the guaranteed floor on their MPLS customers they need to implement a form of QOS on the managed VPN traffic vs the ISP or data center connect. 
Now, I personally was involved in a project that distributed media to US TV stations. Long form content was sent over a sat stream but short form promos and commercials were sent over the general Internet. These smaller files were sent using Aspera  . Now Aspera basically reduces the overhead of a standard TCP transfer by going to UDP with less frequent SSH data check so because you have a UDP data stream it is not possible for this traffic to be QOS'd in a classical sense and it will almost always take network priority. 
One day the project decided to open the flood gates and push the big files (these are high MB Mpeg2 encodes at HD) through the Internet for endpoints with less than stellar sat connections. The system worked a little too well and everyone was happy for about 8 hours. That is how long it took for Tier 1 providers to start all out null routing our traffic on more rural nodes in the Midwest, it took 4 more hours for the info to roll downhill to our lower tier providers. 
What I am saying is in Extreme cases right now Tier 1 providers do perform emergency maintenance on their core routing to prevent all out service loss for customers, so despite the complexity of the services they offer they have a capable NOC that can shape and block traffic that causes a service disruption. 
I want to emphasize this is all a what if scenario that I originally stated and only a single example of what could be done to bring bitcoin to a non-profitable price. 
I am of the belief though that if the richest group of people in the world felt threatened by crypto , they would take unorthodox action to harm the decentralized network to roll out their own coin with them as a central authority. Without net neutrality it is technologically possible and legal for a block to be put into place it is not a complete stretch to think that it might be an avenue of attack . Also again the origional post was I feel warm and fuzzy about my crypto investment because the tech does not have an attack vector due to the laws of physics. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 21:10:34
Just my tinfoil hat activating, the good guys never seem to win.
@_date: 2017-11-27 05:20:58
I feel like a broken record so I am going to make this very short. 
I have personally been on a project that got null routed (our whole IP space) by a tier 1 provider due to a disruption of service for their other customers. 
I know that (as I got actual confirmation from a Level 3 technician during a conference call) that they QOS "other" traffic to ensure the floor is met on an MPLS connection.
The time it would take to circumvent the blocks by setting up a new more secure methodology would be pointless as the coin would already crash by then. As I stated earlier it swings 30% on rumors , knocking down 3000+ full nodes overnight would put the market into a panic of selling. 
It is technologically possible right now, and will become legal within the next 2 years. World banks and trade organizations will have a red button and I think they will press it at some point. 
Now for extras: 
Tor suffers from the same weakness BitCoin does the Tor Exit/Entry nodes are advertised  no magic inspection needed just stop routing to these IPs. China does exactly this and I can tell tell you from spending months in Hong Kong and switching between Shenzhen and there that whatever they are doing is working. Even my meek connections would fail like 90% of the time. 
United States Internet access will start to look more and more like China after the rules are pulled. They have been a total authority of the Internet for years now and no one is doing a fucking thing. You would be surprised how docile society is when you keep them working and give them their Netflix. 
The internet is going to be a very different place post Net Neutrality , it is impossible for either of us to say with any certainty what the outcome will be. I am simply betting on the one that the rich and powerful win, as historically that has almost always been the case in 90% of the world. 
@_date: 2017-11-27 18:54:25
Holy fuck it is like no one reads a fucking thing I write and always has to insert some kind of jab about how ignorant I am. 
First off I am talking about a partial outage crashing the market , not flipping the switch and Bitcoin disappearing.
And for Tor you might want to expand your knowledge on the subject, the great firewall of China does block it and it works. More recently even the workarounds of piping through legit domains in aws and azure are getting blocked. Don't believe me fly your ass to China and try it out. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 20:27:02
This is just a basic look at what it takes to brute Force modern encryption ( in bitcoin's case the pool of uuids for private keys ) . 
From a "secure" standpoint Bitcoin is not as secure as you all think. 
First off nodes are publicly known meaning a physical attack by global governments working with bandwidth providers would be a walk in the park, you would not need to get 100% either knock out 40% or more of the full nodes especially ones at large mining operations and watch people jump ship. 
I think people get starry eyed at the 200 billion market cap on crypto , but let this number sink in 1.5 quadrillion USD. That is the estimated size of currency derivatives markets (quadrillion is a million billion) . You have established players in this game that are extremely old money. I assure you if any of these institutions felt any kind of threat from crypto currencies they are capable and would kill it completely, keeping the tech but centralizing authority. 
I want a better future too for world economies ,but crypto is not going to do it, to initiate real change you would need a large scale global event (think ELE style WW3 or worse).
Call me a pessimist but if real large scale adoption were to take place , true decentralization would be out of the question for the powers that be. The concept that "they have no choice" when these are physical computers sitting in regulated areas of the world and require a specific network protocol that can be easily identified and blocked is just a little naive.
I honestly think for now it is simply not seen as a serious threat, or is being propped up to crash to zero to pull billions in illicit funds out of the money supply. ( Like the FBI running kiddie porn servers ) 
@_date: 2017-11-25 22:06:58
What about simply pruning the traffic from all of the major ISPs in the United states ? 
Level 3 and XO could simply null route all traffic from these nodes, the blacklist could be maintained in an automated fashion shitlisting any new node that pops up. 
Now the United States is not the end all in the crypto market by far, but what would happen to valuation if any world power put up even a petty fight against it? The prices swing 30% on rumors right now. 
Also miners still need to answer to the utility companies that they use. They do not have a special power to lay fiber and power infrastructure overnight. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 06:52:05
It is not their best efforts, the only tools the MPAA and RIAA have at their disposal is the DMCA which can take 24-72 hours basically spinning up a game of whack a mole with some countries not even respecting them. On rare occasions they can get special teams assigned to cases like MegaUpload, but current law has them handcuffed in their ability to stop the flow of bits. 
What I am talking about is a post net neutrality future we are certainly heading for. Where a bandwidth provider can simply be bought by a multinational banking institution or influenced into blocking traffic that does not serve their interest. It would not be a matter of Law as the Law would clearly state Bandwidth providers can do whatever the fuck they want with their service, you don't like it use another one. 
As far as making anon Crypto illegal to pursue raids and court orders, in a truly decentralized system Governments like the US will have no choice eventually if adoption picks up , the fiat Gold standards for conversion of world currencies (USD) has more influence over the daily life of people than their governments and is operated by world banking and trade entities. 
@_date: 2017-11-25 23:10:02
I think we are on the same page here, I agree you can never truly eliminate it. All I am saying is you can kill it off and make it near worthless. 
I know  the US is not the world ..."Now the United States is not the end all in the crypto market by far" 
I just said an action as simple as null routing the node IPs would crash the market. and trust me those mining operations would disappear and motivation would be lost if the sky fell. 
Privacy in commercial real estate that is laughable, especially in China. If your IP is doing some shit a governing body does not like they are going in or will contact your service providers. Trust me no bandwidth provider in the US or China is gonna fight them in court. The utility company does not need to know a damn thing other then they got a court order to halt service. 
The pirate bay could be shutdown with an attack like this, but we still have net neutrality in the states for now, that will change in the next 2 years. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 08:20:20
I would 100% agree with you if the US government was still in charge of monetary policy, but we are now locked into a never ending cycle of booms and busts. Each swing more extreme than the last, when the Dow craters to under 8K again Non-Fiat hoarding will become a target from a national policy perspective. I see the tech getting adopted, but regulatory requirements for tying people to addresses, if the coin cannot do it you are breaking international Tax laws and will be a gray area at first evolving into a black one. 
We are past the days of Executive order 6102, but in general people should not feel like their Bitcoin investment is Fort Knox on steroids because there are a bunch of possible private keys and a P2P network of checksummed databases. 
@_date: 2017-11-26 20:32:11
An appeal to authority would require me to be stating my hypothesis as fact and for other people to share a confirmation bias. 
Again I just think this is one of many avenues of attack on the bitcoin network. I only think , think being the keyword here, that powerful people will take action to protect their substantial investments when threatened. The de-regulation and subsequent corporate control of the Internet in the USA would provide an opportunity for corporate entities to start taking real action against traffic that effects their bottom line. Bitcoin would not be the only target either.
@_date: 2017-11-27 00:31:47
VPN would only work if you piped it all out to Europe otherwise you are just moving the ip up to the VPN provider, and fun fact every packet going to Europe is being captured and inspected jointly by European intelligence agencies and the NSA all ready under the IPA and the Patriot act. How long until they start blocking keys they cannot bump or shitlisting whole known farms of anon VPN providers?
Tor is a shit option and could never keep up with the network, not to mention Tor would be the first to go under a post net neutrality world (yes I understand how Tor works please don't bounce back with but muh encrypted packets).
What i am talking about is nullrouting a blacklist of IPS not packet inspection. And you can achieve this with the currently deployed hardware. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 01:57:56
While true that fiber technology has less latency than a docsis connection node (the tech uses multiple round robin channels maybe tossing in 1-2ms locally) I assure you your gpon connection to the grid makes a negligible difference once you get outside of your local fiber network. (the Internet) 
Anything claiming to be 0ms is a rounding error, electricity and light are still bound by the constraints of our universe. 