@_author: thelastknowngod
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:35:05
Immigrate, yes. You can probably figure out a strategy in many cases. You can't easily buy a citizenship though. There is a very big difference.
You might be able to do that in smaller underdeveloped countries with some back-channel, highly suspicious situations but it is absolutely not the norm in 1st world, modern economies. I am speaking from personal experience.
@_date: 2018-03-24 09:22:43
As far as I understand it, Puerto Rico is one option for Americans.. If you don't mind living there for 6 months of the year then you could potentially cut your tax liability down from 20% to 4%.
There are countless offshore strategies. You just have to get a little creative to find something that will work legally.
@_date: 2018-03-07 19:46:31
If only there was an article which told us that.
@_date: 2018-03-23 17:47:12
Many reasons.
The more paranoid answer is that it is an insurance policy against future unknowns. When investing, do you diversify your assets? Why wouldn't you do the same with your living situation?
A practical reason is that establishing a secondary residence can change your tax position so that you aren't required to pay as much in taxes.. or any taxes in some situations. Do your crypto trading through an LLC in a tax haven then you potentially wouldn't have to pay capital gains tax.
The more pedestrian answer is that it makes international travel easier. It is very difficult to get a long term residency in (or even go to) some countries. Having multiples passports lets me do whatever I want much more easily.
@_date: 2018-03-19 12:06:19
True but if you do a chargeback through Visa the person/company/seller who screwed you over doesn't really have a say in the matter. You can't do a chargeback if there isn't anyone with the authority to pull funds out of the seller's wallet for the value of the chargeback.
If a financial institution is the one managing the blockchain then that is a different matter. Given the current person-to-person transactions that bitcoin is based on I can't imagine how an arbitrator would help much less be a feasible long term solution. The seller would still have to agree to return the funds which is no different than it is now.
Again, perhaps I'm misunderstanding something about how multisig works but it seems like a step backwards for consumer protection.
@_date: 2018-03-23 18:24:32
I'm long on crypto. Not trading much to be honest. It's really not that expensive or complicated to setup a second residency.
I'll use Mexico as an example.. The costs to get a 1 year residency include like $30 for the initial visa application, the cost of a round trip flight from the US, and rent on a Mexican apartment ($300/month) so you have a mailing address during the application process. You have to stay in Mexico for one month while applying, another month to renew after 1 year, and 3 years after the renewal you can apply for permanent residency.. If you want citizenship, you have to live there for 18 months prior to applying and learn some basic conversational level Spanish. Not a huge deal. It'll take 5 years total but you're only required to actually be in the country for 20 months total (18 consecutively). You get a really great passport in the end for a VERY minimal financial investment.
If you are capable of working remotely online or as a freelancer that is a great way to stay close to the US, lower your cost of living, reduce your tax burden, and diversify your living/travel options. It blows my mind that more people don't investigate these things.
@_date: 2018-03-23 18:55:21
Think about it like this:
Rich people do things to make sure they stay rich or to try to get richer. What are those things and am I capable of doing any of them myself?
@_date: 2018-03-23 16:39:34
IIRC, the cheaper options require you to live in Malta and still take 5 years. The expensive route can take just a few months with no requirement to live in the country at all. You're literally just buying a passport.
The country I have put most of my focus on, at least in the short term, is not on that list. I expect to have my second passport by the end of the year.
I did look into Montenegro though. That could be interesting in the future esp since they joined NATO last summer.. I think EU membership is inevitable at this point with them.
@_date: 2018-03-23 18:37:54
A few years is usually 5 year minimum.. sometimes as much as 10 years. You're also required to live there.. Now you're tied to the tax system both in that country and the US. Even if you're ok with that, you may find out after a few months that you don't like living in Latvia and you want to go home. Now you're out thousands of dollars in legal fees in addition to your investment, a time debt of months or years, and you have nothing to show for it.
It probably would have been a better use of your time and money to just look to see what the easy options were. You may have been able to get the same result without that much of a headache.
There are tons and tons of factors here. Just saying "you can do that anywhere" can be wildly impractical at best or demonstrably wrong at worst.
@_date: 2018-03-19 10:36:42
Using your laptop purchase as an example, how would a 3rd party arbitrator work in that situation? If the company sends you a lemon and you just want to return it, how would an arbitrator be able to determine who deserves what and, even if they are able to determine that, how are they able to enforce their decision? Are the funds held in escrow? I can't imagine an arbitrator would be able to pull btc out of the seller's wallet or that a seller would be willing to delay accepting a payment.
Maybe I just need to read up on multisig more..
@_date: 2018-03-23 12:02:34


They also offer Maltese citizenship for about a €1 million investment. They are very comfortable bringing in foreign money.