@_author: thelobster64
@_date: 2018-03-02 01:44:46
[Common mistake]( That 60% spent on military statistic is of US discretionary spending. Then there is also a few more percent for mandatory spending veterans benefits. So if we take the total dollars spent on the military/veterans discretionary and mandatory, it is $770 Billion, but out of the total US budget of $3.8 Trillion, that comes out to 20.2% of total spending is on the military/veterans, not the commonly cited 60%. But we can add a bit more if you add in the interest on the national debt. The interest on the national debt is $230 Billion annually. 20% of that is $45 Billion bringing our new total to $815 Billion annually spent on the military or 21.4% of the total US budget. And that is a conservative estimate, many other estimated place it closer to $1 Trillion annually if you include state spending and other ancillary costs. To put those large numbers into perspective and get to your point of wastefulness, it is estimated by Economist Jeffery Sachs in his book [The End of Poverty]( that a global annual investment of just $175 Billion for 20 years would end poverty forever. Oddly enough that also comes out to 21.4% of our total annual military budget or a paltry 4.6% of the total US government budget. Imagine that for US foreign policy. And that is only taking the US into account. It is global poverty, a global issue. If it were the 10 richest countries rather than just the US, it would be a mere 0.26% annually of GDP for 20 years to eliminate poverty forever. If we wanted the world's 1800 billionaires to pay it, it would be 2.7% of their income annually for 20 years. 
@_date: 2018-03-02 00:44:37
Many socialists, me included, believe in [Modern Monetary Theory]( which relies on the issuing of a government run fiat currency. A good 30 min interview [here]( skip to 12:00. Please, can someone explain to me how cryptocurrency is socialist. I like crypto for a number of reasons, but none of them are socialist. Decentalization doesn't equal protection, and decentralization isn't even a socialist principle, its an anarchist one. Socialists believe in institutions, but the democratization of those institutions. Institutions lead from the bottom up rather than the top down current model.  
@_date: 2018-03-02 02:15:19
You know thats not what Im saying, and for you to deliberately miss my point is moronic. I know crypto isnt socialist. Im asking how cryptocurrencies fit into a socialist monetary policy which relies on large highly regulated democratized bottom up institutions. Its very easy to invision cryptocurencies functioning within libertarian or anarchist monetary policies. I also disagree with you saying its not political. Everything is political if it is going to have an impact on society. Right now every goddamn country on earth is having debates in their political systems on what to do about cryptocurrencies, and there are many sides to the debate. Thats political if Ive ever seen it. Its not some tool like a hammer, cryptocurrencies are a structurally transformative technology. Policy changes dont happen based on if a society does or doesnt have hammers. Nobody was having debates about goddamn hammers, hammers arent political. Cryptocurrencies are changing global societies and their political systems are conforming or fighting back. It is very easy for a libertarian society to conform and intigrate cryptocurencies into policy. What I am asking is, how does a socialist society integrate cryptocurrencies into their monetary policy, or can you not comprehend anything complex?  