@_author: themixfeed
@_date: 2014-02-14 13:25:16
But, even if you 'buy' coins on there, you can't pull them out??? This feels so much like the last stages of a ponzi scheme where the operators are trying to bring in as much money as possible before locking up shop
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:27:52
No. I don't think BTC is a ponzi. But, the behavior of GOX's founders resembles that of a Ponzi. So, I want people to be aware, and not sit on their hands 'hoping'. Instead I want to see people take whatever action they can to determine what happened, get their money back, and if fraud occurred, punish the people who committed it. 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:29:00
I don't have anything invested in GOX. But If i DID have a significant portion there, I would try to find a lawyer or a firm who could provide some guidance as to how to handle something like this, especially given they're in Tokyo. If you have a lot sitting in GOX, a few thousand spend on advice and consultation may be more than worth it. 
@_date: 2014-12-12 18:42:47
Wow thanks for the quick replies!! Will definitely be doing it this weekend so the answers are greatly appreciated!
Incidentally.. I was expecting a bunch of "Google it you lazy turd" answers. You guys are an awesome community! 
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:17:12
failed from the "investor's" perspective. But I see what you're saying! From the founder's perspective, it's like a very successful ponzi
@_date: 2014-02-25 16:24:30
Not calling it a Ponzi. I'm saying it's mode of operation is similar to a Ponzi. To clarify, 
1. During the initial phases, everything is great and people are making a killing (founders and members). At this point, nobody is complaining. 
2. Things start to get shaky, the founders have a somewhat plausible excuse, so business continues, but, the seed of doubt is planted.
3. Things start to get really shake. Founders are increasingly illusive, excuses aren't adding up, but, the members still hold on to hope. Some will make every attempt to jump ship, but by and large, people still have not pulled all their investment and in fact some are still dumping money in 
4. Shit hits the fan. Founders have packed up shop and are almost impossible to reach. At this stage, no one is able to get any info, any money, anything at all. But, because people have invested so much (not just money), they still hold on to hope. During this stage, the founders are making every attempt to divest funds to their friends, family, and other assets that are hard to trace in the event that they get caught. 
5. The Jig is up. From some revelation or another, sometimes even the founders themselves, the whole thing is proven to be a ponzi (or a scam). By the stage, it's too late, the money is for the most part gone, and there is little if anything to be returned to the members. They'll have to settle for pennies on the dollar and hopefully the satisfaction of knowing the founders will be going to jail for a while.
Now, I realize that Gox likely wasn't a 'ponzi' (although truth be told, it could have been...but that's another long discussion), but their behaviour surely resembles all the traits of the MANY ponzi schemes we've all witnessed. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 16:52:53
As someone who has seen up close and personal how ponzis work (and I'm not saying they ARE a ponzi), rest assured it doesn't matter how much money they made along the way. They could very easily not have enough cash , due to living lavish lives, or enough coins, due to converting ppls coins to cash themselves.Its eerily similar to when an investment ponzi operator offers an even higher interest rate than usual if 'you invest immediately'. In this instance however the 'investment' is buying coins now at a cheap price.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:11:31
hmmm..is it really still cost effective to mine given the hardware required? 
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:40:57
I'm actually considering jumping in myself with a relatively small amount. The challenge is finding a service to buy my coins through... MTGOX seems to be 'the most popular' but I'm a bit hesitant due to their outage. (and somehow I just can't get over the fact that it means "Magic the Gathering Online Exchange") 
Any other reputable, tested services out there? 