@_author: themattybee
@_date: 2014-04-26 00:40:37
Free market. If you were so worried about it, you should have written your own.
@_date: 2014-10-17 06:00:49
Let's see.
Bitcoin doesn't actually accomplish anything that I can't do with a credit card or debit card. For all the claims of "well this now takes BitPay!", all BitPay does is turn my dollars into BTC... which it turns back into dollars when the merchant gets it. That's not "accepting BTC", that's having a middleman who turns my Chuck E. Cheese Arcade Tokens into $$$.
Bitcoiners routinely lie about Bitcoin. One of the things harped upon is "no fees!", which varies from "outright lie" to "half-truth" depending on whether you count "well, you could apply no transaction fee, but god only knows how long your transaction will take" as "no transaction fees!"
It's still a fiat currency despite the claims of Bitcoiners. "Backed by math" is a stupid, meaningless phrase. The entire point of gold-backed currency was that, theoretically, you could exchange it for gold - an actual, tangible thing. You cannot exchange BTC for anything tangible. I can't go to the bank (even if there was a BTC bank) and exchange my BTC for some equations. Even if I could, nobody gives a shit about the equations anyway. This is even ignoring that deflationary currency is a goddamn stupid idea, as proven by literally every non-Austrian economist ever.
"No chargebacks" is a reason for me to be fucking worried, not a thing I should look forward to. Or being able to send my BTC to a black hole. Or send the wrong amount. There are no safeguards for me as a consumer and Bitcoiners tout that as an objectively good thing.
Bitcoin isn't decentralized. See: the 0.7 -&gt; 0.8 fork and the solution to that. Anyone saying this, again, is either stupid or a liar.
It is literally an unworkable system long-term due to the ever expanding size of the blockchain, the electricity costs required just to ensure that no one person takes over a 51% share of the mining (another problem with BTC), and the limited amount of transactions. All of those things have been documented but nothing has been done about them.
The fact that a huge percentage of BTC people are scammers or criminals. See: BFL, Pirate MtGox. And that's just a small list! I'm pretty sure we could come up with a far larger list of things that shouldn't be trusted in BTC - probably more than what you can trust, given that I don't see BitPay as "accepting BitCoin".
As rstonex said, the politics of BTC people are hilarious. "The dollar is going to end! BTC will take over!" There's literally nothing to indicate that the dollar is failing other than the wishful thinking of man-children. Libertarianism is a terrible, FYGM policy, and supporting BTC (even if it didn't have all of these other problems) would be supporting a terrible political philosophy.
As for why I read this? Y'all are hilarious and cute with your "END THE FED" shit.
Answer this for me, if you're going to respond: What possible benefit would I have out of moving to BTC?
