@_author: themylegguy
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:25:12
I tried to add my debit card and it would allow it. It said only credit cards
Edit: forgot to say thank you for explaining the transfer process. As well as the other sites. You're a good soul. Moles be with you
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:24:02
Cyber Monday and I think we're on the internet right? 
@_date: 2015-12-01 19:21:39
Thank you man I appreciate you actually responding to the question. I've been waiting for something like the last paragraph, and thank you again. 
Fuck these other people and most importantly who commented just to hate that I am an addict and put it out there. You guys really took the time to go through my post history just to make comments that you assume you'll get up votes for too; since that's what makes you finish. 
Im sure this is your daily routine since all you do is sit on the computer all day, right? tell me of im right.
1. Wake up, check to see if karma rose and lowered and that shapes your mood for the rest of the day. 
2. You get up very depressed as you lost .02 or lower of a btc due to the fluctuation. You walk up stairs, tears start to form and you cannot hold back. 
3.  the only person you see is your mother walking down the stairs with more hot pockets.  You bump into each other and they all but 25 second rule if it looks clean. 
4. In your state if mind, you are very agile and aggressive and start to blame your mother for spilling them. she runs up the stairs crying; while muttering that she still loves you, well certain parts. See you're probably a literal tub of lard with the energy of a 250lb obese man so you decide to roll down the steps, since walking will waste time to get to the computer corner so you can release some stress and you know what I mean keep reading. 
5. You forgot about the spilled pizza pockets and the sauce so you say fuck it and eat all the pockets. For some reason, you suck up the sauce and pour it in a cup next to your computer; that cup is now a mixture of dip spit   and marinara sauce. You check the status of btc since its been 30 minutes on the dot. A miracle happens so you celebrate. 
6. You gained $25!!!!!!!!!! Cash out man!
Since you cannot get pussy, probably even dick lol since you're that guy from super size me except McDonalds you are raw bread dough so you can keep your figure of a weather balloon. 
7. Lucky number 7 until it hits repeat and you're back to one. You are watching the timelines and history of btc on YouTube and that gets you going, very *hard*. You realize you're  out of the arrowhead gallon jug of lube you thought you'd have for at least a month. So you look by your computer and see some hot pockets and marinara sauce there. 
8. You start to see the prices are increasing and you whip it out hoping you can at least use spit since you but way to early for any girl to want to fuck you.  You go to town and about to finish when the price gets higher, but youre out of spit. So u decide to use the marinara sauce and a warm pocket now to finish the job. Close to s minute later, u finish inside the hot pocket. You realize you're hungry and well you scared off your mom for the night so this is all you got... I'm sure you don't want me to say what happens next as you do love a man too filled hot pocket. 
Yeah I typed this last night, passed out from my xanax but here is my post lol. Don't even remember typing this but its funny af
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:23:28
Lol I bought weed once from the deep web cuz the deal was a steal. $100 for an oz and he sent me detailed pictures of it and I took the chance cuz its only a bill.. Could still flip a shitty oz. 
I use darknets when I feel fancy and order the most pure stuff possible and not have to deal with my guy and his crew. 
But yes, "lmao my dank weed is in escrow" u could replace dank weed with the dankest juice ever, not talking about lean fuck codeine lol. This is why I want to mob on it as I'm stressing to get it before my trip
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:17:01
Yep you cone on reddit for bitcoin advice and other stuff, I come here for drug info and other subs... Hmm seems oddly similar but different categories...
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:17:21
Its a vendor not darknet they're RCs. 
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:14:47
No I don't want to shaft coinbase because I see what happens, thought it'd be like Uber lol. I'm completely serious about this since I read up on bitcoins and bought more because they seem to be going up.. Sounds like a good side money opportunity 
@_date: 2015-12-01 04:45:32
Yeah I've thought the same thing that's why I'm ordering this to help me detox. If  it doesn't work and I use before I get vivitrol, back to the hab. I'm forcing myself to and told my parents to make me go or kick me out
@_date: 2016-01-03 02:14:58
Yeah because I got scammed by a vendor and got a refund, but then spent that money and it put me in debt with them somehow which doesn't make any sense