@_author: themovingaverage
@_date: 2019-11-21 01:11:34
Buy gold.
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:26:51
Don't get me wrong I love BTC.  I just buy equal amount of gold for every dollar in BTC I grab.  Because unlike the Queen of England... I might need access to my lifes savings inside of the next 52 weeks in the event of an emergency.  I know that a gold bar will be worth roughly the same in gallons of milk next year.  A dollar will be worth less... Maybe more but it won't be off by more than 2%.  Bitcoin might shoot up in value and enable me to buy an entire dairy farm... Or it'll be worthless and I won't be able to buy any milk at all whatsoever!!
Like I said.  Bitcoin is a gamble at this time
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:38:11
Rich people love bonds. Especially trust-fund babies.  If you were born with tens of millions or hundreds of millions and you are not really the entrepreneurial type and more Ava lazy punk who wants to live on a yacht for the rest of his life... Bonds are the way to go.
Same with pension funds and insurance companies who don't need to make money just need to keep it. Socks are great for making money but there's also the risk of losing a lot.  
Bill Gates and Warren Buffett might like buying stocks and turning a million into 10 million but their grandchildren with no skills or entrepreneurial spirit don't give a shit and will be way more interested in making sure that they are billions remain billions
@_date: 2019-11-21 01:15:54
Well in that case yeah.  People who work for a living and can't live off the interest of their wealth... Tend to like stocks better.  2 million in assets won't allow you to buy a brand new Mercedes every few years and a vacation to Italy twice a year... So you'll be more likely to buy stocks and take that risk to get truly wealthy.
But someone who has enough money where a few percentage points in interest payments will secure them a lavish lifestyle is going to love bonds.  The bond market is huge.
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:12:41
Exactly most people don't have significant savings.  Those that do are probably in riskier investments like stocks and gold and Bitcoin already.
@_date: 2019-11-21 13:52:22
Buy GLD.  Unless you think we will be back in 1300s anytime soon there's no need to buy physical gold. 
I will convert all my GLD into physical gold if and when I see small time brokers collapsing.
JPMorgan is the custodian for the GLD fund they are literally going to be the last bank standing.
Lots of gold bugs think they are going to live in a world where we pay our rent with gold coins and bullets but in reality we will live in this world with much higher gold prices just like we still live in the same world we lived in during the 70s but with much higher Gold prices
@_date: 2019-11-21 11:07:58
Buying gold and Bitcoin 50/50 and rebalancing quarterly makes the whole ride a lot easier.  Once you are investing more than $10k. More than the average American can save up in a year... HODLing through a 50% drop sucks
Rebalancing out of gold to buy more BTC because you didn't have all your eggs in one basket is way better.
@_date: 2019-11-21 11:05:00
Nonsense.  Dollars are.  And picking your own stocks are.
Stock index funds are the best investment option. Period.
But if you buy in 1928 or 1999 or 2007 stocks are terrible.
Gold wins in that case.  Golds worst case scenario is exponentially better than the worst case scenario for stocks.  There are no 50% drops in gold value.
Gold over the past 40 years has been a much less bumpier ride.  For some people... The older and richer you get... The more a bumpy ride becomes a problem
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:13:21
Nobody has cash.
@_date: 2019-11-26 22:22:46
I sold my Ford taurus and bought leveraged index ETFs in 2012. (SPXL and TQQQ)
Took the fuckin bus to community college for a year.
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:13:47
Bonds yes.  Savings accounts not so much.
@_date: 2019-11-20 22:22:08
Government backs the central banking experiment and not bitcoin though.  
The dollar especially... Exists in a perfect environment for itself.  As all fiat currency dies (currently happening) people flock to gold... And now Bitcoin... But that's a small group.
Most people running away from their bullshit third world currency aren't going to move their family wealth into gold or Bitcoin... they're going to buy dollars.
The dollar is the king of shit currencies.... And most people still think it's a safer place than Bitcoin or gold.  
Bitcoin at this point is a bet.  Gold is a better hedge.  Gold won't drop 50%
If I lived in Venezuela and I wanted to make sure my wealth worth 10 years of saving at a decent office job is preserved next week or next month or next year... .. I'd get those Venezuelan monies converted to dollars and gold.   Bitcoin might go to the moon or itll go down 25% and I just lost 2.5 years of savings
@_date: 2019-12-14 13:00:26
Well there's also discipline.  I had an economics degree when I had a drinking problem and an ecstasy habit also.
But I could still make sick trades my man.
And then spend my 150% return on hotel rooms and cocaine.
Ceteris paribus... Lol...
I'd take a group of traders with all econ degrees vs all finance or "business management" majors.
And then we must also realize that markets can remain irrational longer than anyone can stay solvent.
There are probably a lot of banks like Deutsche Bank or national Bank of Greece that were being shorted by who KNEW EVERYTHING...
But your average Greek or German chump is buying shares with his retirement account every paycheck...
And then you get a margin call and your fucked... 3 months before the tank actually collapses.
@_date: 2019-12-17 23:56:02
what are you talking about?
bitcoin lost half it's value in a few months last time it peaked.
When has that happened with gold?
I'll PayPal you $20 bucks.
Gold and long term treasury bonds (TLT) are way safer than Bitcoin.
I own Bitcoin.  I love it.  It's gonna be big.  
But this is like being a caveman and hoarding gold for an ice age...
Too soon
Everyone around you still thinks seeds and women are the best store of value...
And you'd be stupid to get rid of all your seeds and buy metal when we are still in the Stone age.
If everyone around you is too stupid to know XYZ is a good investment... Then it's NOT a good investment quite yet and it's gonna be a bumpy ride
This is WHY it has been a bumpy ride 
The market is made up of ALL the players.
And ALL the players... Don't trust Bitcoin.
The market can stay irrational longer than you can stay liquid.  
The the US dollar was destined to crash since 1971... Yet it's the strongest currency in the world still and its 2019...
Elon Musk may understand Bitcoin... But all the old rich fucks on Wall Street are going to buy up real estate government debt and gold 
Turn on CNBC or Fox news... Those guys are not going to run into crypto right now.
Look at a chart. When recession fears show up...
Stocks go down
Dollar goes up
Long term treasury bonds go up
Gold goes up
Bitcoin goes down
You don't own Bitcoin for store of value and neither do I
You own it because you think it is going to "moon"
That means it is a speculative asset.
And those go down during recessions.  
Same way coca cola at it's 1986 price was a good deal by 1996 standards.  People dumped.  Have you seen what happens in a recession or are you in your 20s?? Younger?
Half of us HODL'ers will end up selling just because it's a recession and we might lose our jobs.
@_date: 2019-12-08 11:41:26
Becuz they can't make that much money off of crypto.  It is a crisis.
@_date: 2019-12-14 12:23:12
No not at all. I didn't say anything like that at all. You made over 3 assumptions and I don't have time to explain them all to you.
I did say I didn't sell stocks and enjoyed the Trump rally.
Economists are simply more informed than the overall market.
Not everyone knows everything going on. Shiller at Yale saw 2008 coming before the guys on CNBC saw it coming.  The market is making all time highs the days before a crash.  That, obviously... Means the market is stupid.
@_date: 2019-12-08 11:14:17
^^^ This guy doesn't get it
@_date: 2019-12-17 23:38:57
Gold has a better track record than Bitcoin. Gold has never gone down double digit percentages in a day and Bitcoin does that regularly
@_date: 2019-12-17 23:39:48
Do you know what regression analysis is?
@_date: 2019-12-08 11:17:10
That's y u don't own a bank kid
@_date: 2019-12-14 10:43:50
Nonsense.  He's not an economist he's a journalist with a phD in economics.
He has an agenda
So does the economist at JP Morgan or the White House
That's why stock markets crash and why the government is in debt.
But I've got an economics degree. 
And I'm so much better with money than everyone around me.
Especially the finance kids whose basic understanding of economics is "stock market go up"
@_date: 2019-12-18 16:15:44
Banks have been around for a long time. Even before Fiat currencies. Banks will jump in at the right time. 
if you were a bank and you were wasting your money on investing in Bitcoin now will you can keep fucking people in the ass under the current system and making a killing... it'd be a waste of time.
They create money out of thin air.  Why would they invest in Bitcoin when they can invest in treasury bonds and then lend out the profit on interest?
JPMorgan will outlive the United States dollar.
JPMorgan will outlive the United States.
And in 1000 years they will ruin Bitcoin and good human beings will have to invent a new solution.
Such as the nature of things.
The money changers in the temple that Jesus was supposedly fighting...
Didn't work for JP Morgan or the Federal Reserve.
As long as humans are greedy and willing to hurt their fellow man to get rich... There will be banks.
You think the guys who run the crypto exchanges are doing it because they love humanity?
There are scams all the time.
Exchanges get hacked so they don't have to pay taxes.
@_date: 2019-12-18 00:20:13
Yes it is a better investment just like apple is a better investment.
But when the stock market crashes and employers are firing people...
Then what happens?
I own Bitcoin I don't think it's garbage I just don't think it's the safest thing
Just like Tesla stock is not what you want to hold if the priority is NOT losing money.
Billionaires aren't looking for things that are going to Moon.
Money managers aren't trying to turn each dollar in the California pension fund into $100.
They're trying to make sure that they don't lose a single dime.
And Bitcoin cannot promise me that because there's a very good chance based on the same chart you're looking at, that Bitcoin can lose half my money inside of a month.
Come down to New York and ask 50 year old traders with rolexes outside the stock exchange whether they think Bitcoin is a good place to put your money in a recession...
They think it's garbage.  I know they are 100% wrong.  because they think it's garbage that means they're not going to put their money there.  and they're not going to tell their clients to do it either.
Warren Buffett doesn't understand Bitcoin.  He understands bonds and interest and dividends and earnings.
Who cares what you and I think we don't move markets.  Markets move us.
@_date: 2019-12-14 13:35:01
Whatever.  
I'll trade you my GLD after the next downturn for your AAPL.
@_date: 2019-12-14 13:05:38
I didn't say that either.  
"The economists" are not a monolithic tribe...
What part of my last response made you come to this conclusion?
@_date: 2019-12-17 23:33:14
You aren't thinking like a fat old rich man on Wall Street.
They will buy gold over Bitcoin Everytime.
Bitcoin is too volatile.
How is Bitcoin a store of value if I can buy it at 9k a few months ago and now it's worth 6k?
Nobody is going to sell $10,000,000 of apple stock and put it in cryptocurrency.  They are going to buy gold.  An ounce of gold was $35 in 1971 and look at it now.
As long as women like shiny things and men like women... Gold will be the safest asset.  
I just finished talking to a 50 year old stock broker.  Him, my 40 year old cousin in private equity, my stupid boss when I worked in structured finance...
All think Bitcoin is dumb.
Brainwashed wall street echo chamber says Bitcoin is garbage.  That means they aren't going to run there in a recession.  
And in a recession... Tons of regular Joe HODL people are going to be out of a job... And end up selling their Bitxoin even though they would like to buy more.
Bitcoin needs hundreds of billions in institutional buying before it can ever be expected to perform like gold.
It's coming but we are not there.
@_date: 2019-12-18 00:16:22
I no comprende
@_date: 2019-12-14 12:48:37
Do you know how fiat money and debt works?
That money has to be paid back eventually clown...
I'm retarded?!?
And that money isn't being invested in the economy... It's being given to corporations so they can buyback even more stock.
It's not going towards higher wages, it's not going towards bigger factories (sure a few... As you will see on TV... But keep your eyes on actual data and not Fox news segments and Facebook stories about a new plant here or there)
The majority of Fortune 500 companies that get tax breaks from the republican tax bill are going to spend that money on buybacks and dividends to push the stock price up.
The Federal reserve can't show us any signs of actual economic growth besides a chart of the S&amp;P 500
Look at GDP projections. 
This has nothing to do with me being a liberal.  You don't have to be a liberal to know Trump isn't a money Mastermind... Or that 1929, 1987, 1994, 2001, 2008... All happened after republican presidents lowered tax rates during perfectly good economic times.  
... Which is the equivalent of drinking cough syrup for fun.  You get high and do stupid shit.
The economy has been recovering since 2010 easily.  Because of the bush/obama bailout... Another waste of taxpayer money for billionaires.  Most jobs added under Obama and Trump pay under the average salary in the US. Yet average salary goes up because of the high end salaries going up. 
Fed says there is no inflation, well then why does the Dow Jones cost so much more than it did before the bailout and QE?
College tuition, healthcare costs... All a lot higher.
Orange juice and whatever other nonsense is in the CPI doesn't budge because the CPI is a fraudulent indicator.
So we've had sub par growth, which Trump complained about... Promising 4% growth... And we almost got it ... 1st quarter of 2019... 
EXACTLY WHEN YOU GET YOUR TAX RETURN FROM THE 2018 TAX BILL...
and now we are back at Obama level growth.
Because consumers are broke and in debt.
And wages aren't keeping up with inflation.
And we can't raise rates to reward savers without wall street pissing their pants
I'm not going to go gather all the Federal reserve data for you.  St Louis fed dot com.  Learn something.
This has nothing to do with politics.  It has to do with economics... supply and demand champ.
REPUBLICANS wanna blow up Muslim countries and steal oil and then give scared desperate Akmed or Jafar my job and blame the whole thing on him somehow... Which will only be believed by sheep people who don't want to accept that everyone else is only here because the US fucked up those countries by subverting democracy in the name of exploitative capitalism.  
Extract all the resources and pay as little wages and taxes as possible and leave the native population with no public funds to build up an infrastructure and educate the population.  Then they move here and bring wages down.
DEMOCRATS want to give everyone free shit so they get elected. 
Neither side is willing to simply fix this.  Pay workers higher wages.  Not universal basic income. No welfare. 
Pay workers more. They'll spend more. Voila.
That's how Henry Ford sold more cars.
That's how we built up the largest middle class ever.
But neither liberal or conservative politics provides that.
Just common sense and basic understanding of economics.
Which most market participants don't have.
Which is why most middle class Americans go 100% long during the last third of a bull market and then have no money to invest at the bottom which is the best time to play ball.
Then they spend the first third of the next bull 100% sure the world is over because a black Muslim is president.
Then they spend the second third scrambling to save some cash
Then they go long 100% again at the very end of the bull.
And then they lose it all again.
Democrats and Republicans... This is simply HOW the MORTGAGED class "invests" lol
Instead of buying some of everything all the time, and not trying up over 50% of your net worth in depreciating assets like houses and the wrong cannabis stock.
Liberals and conservatives... If you break down ECONOMIC arguments along POLITICAL lines... You are only telling me that you rode the short bus to school.
St Louis fed dot com.
Don't wanna type the link.  
You need to do more hard work.
@_date: 2019-12-14 13:27:34
Plenty of people who thought there would be a downturn after Trump got elected changed their minds.
I haven't heard of anyone persistently calling for a crash since Trump got elected.
Is it really surprising that some economists thought the market would take a hit because a fat racist guy who inherited 100 million dollars and still ended up bankrupt and selling steaks got elected?
This stock rally has been made up of 
1. Buybacks and those of us chasing gains from Buybacks.  The Fed inserts money into the market.  It ends up in securities.  The securities go up.  Stocks can use cash to buy up more stock... Because stock supply is growing slower than money supply... Because of low rates.
So Google can borrow at 2% or lower and then buy back stock which has been growing at an average of 30% a year for the past 5 years.  No actual growth... Just financial wizardry to convince me and you to buy stock.  Considering how much money we've made I'd say it's stupid to get out.   This is why this stupid liberal ignored the economists.  I think Trump is an idiot.  That doesn't mean the stock market can't go up.
2. FOMO Americans who never got in in the beginning of the decade because the president was black so they never got to buy bank of America stock for under 5 dollars like me and Buffet did.  They got to buy it at 20 and now it's at 34.  Good for them.  
These are the guys 100% long apple right now.  They will have nothing left to buy AAPL or TSLA at a discount when a recession comes because they will have had to sell their stocks at a loss to pay for the divorce lawyer.  Then oxycontin. Then shoot up a synagogue.  
3. People who see the above two groups and say fuck it., Fundamentals are irrelevant and this bubble can go a lot higher.
This is basically playing hot potato where you get paid money the longer you hold the potato.  You buy SPXL  and TQQQ and FANG stocks on dips... Sell and buy treasuries or gold to lock-in the gains.  Works.  Better than buying and holding TSLA and getting your dick chopped off because old people think Elon Musk smoking weed is a problem.  
I also work in tech and our suppliers are raising prices because of the China trade war.  I sold stocks in 2018.  The Trump rally... Did me well.  Just like the bigger Obama rally...
Because they both have nothing to do with either obama or trump.
They're both FED rallies.
But gold is all over the news. Yields are negative around the world and after adjusting for taxes and inflation they're pretty close to negative here if not already there. 
I've got more gold than ever.  There's only so much of it and the banks can't print it into oblivion.  
The asset class is tiny and if just 1% of the 400+ trillion in bonds and stocks and securitized real estate and debt comes into the gold space... Gold prices double.  
So do billionaires. Goldman is now saying gold is going higher.
Let's see what happens.
I'd sell 10% of your winners and move into GLDM
That is if you even have winners.
@_date: 2019-12-14 10:37:11
Well it would have, tons of economists said the same thing... And if you look at the economy there are cracks everywhere.
What Krugman and all the nerds realized is the average trader 
1. Has no phD in economics nor an interest in basic economics
2. Has a 3 month outlook not 3 years.
And republican presidents ALWAYS cut taxes which sends stocks higher.
I think Trump is an idiot... But I enjoyed my Trump rally because I'm fully aware that most traders will pump stocks up until the minute before the crash.
Most investors don't care about fundamentals they care about not missing out.
Who cares if roku does today over a 5% analyst beat... What Netflix couldn't do in 2013 with a 10% beat.
Stocks go up with less and less good news.