@_author: themeltykind
@_date: 2018-01-01 20:13:08
Is there any real contingency or plan that’s been worked up, and that anybody knows about, in the event that something catastrophic happens I.e. someone hacks in steals coins, or fraud, in that someone finds out how to manipulate the block chain (if any of this is even possible, however improbable, I have no earthly idea. Or if these are insignificant, think the worst). In the event the unthinkable happens, it being decentralized and no clear cut authority what’s to keep it from bottoming out on a shift in confidence? Until it’s backed by something it seems way more speculative than an actual investment, as some would say it is. However, I 100% agree it’s the way of the future, which is why I’m trying to educate myself now and not be one of the last ones on the outside looking in later. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 19:06:46
I’m glad you brought up the possibility of using multiple forms of crypto in the future. Which is what my initial question was concerning, would it even be worth someone getting in to bitcoin at the current price point or moving on to the next coin and turning it into something. 
From my very uneducated position, it seems that popularity is what makes bitcoin bitcoin. The security and other aspects of it are more of selling features. Akin to a screen in the dash of the car or something. It gets people who understand it excited, creating a buzz for people who some what get it, but like the idea. So on an so forth, until you get to people like me who don’t know much about it, but are really interested. All of this keeping hype and speculation around bitcoin driving the price of it further and further up as people want in, in fear of FOMO. However, with its decentralization, wouldn’t that mean that it will have relatively low assets, making the underlying value low as well? So essentially worthless if theres a major run on it. If popularity is the driving force of bitcoin, then why not just create hype around a new coin, and bank in on the flash in the pan short term gains on those 
@_date: 2019-10-22 23:35:56
Very true, my view may be somewhat simplistic in nature. When put under a microscope the nuances of faits are quite complex. The burden, I suppose, of bitcoin is to bridge this gap of internet currency and that of tangible dollars. The former, which is relatively new in the eyes of laymen and seemingly quite complex in its own right. While the latter is well trusted in more stable economies. How does bitcoin supplant the dollars as the most trusted  form of currency.
@_date: 2019-10-22 00:57:43
What is bitcoin then,  but “money” created on the internet
@_date: 2019-10-22 16:00:42
But the larger problem would still persist. If not in fact exasperate the income inequality. Those who have accumulated vast amounts of bitcoin in the beginning would be the new 1% if ever fully adopted. All that is happenings is changing those rich in cash for those rich in bitcoin. Secondly, bitcoin has to be explained, as it is fairly esoteric by nature. The average person would not understand bitcoin and how it is transacted and or accumulated nor how much there fractions of coins would be worth on a day to day basis. Cash does not have to be explained in the same manner.
@_date: 2018-03-19 23:08:02
So as an asset backed coin, if the underlying asset devalues, does the coin as well? In which case, why would I want the coin when I could own stock (assuming it’s publicly traded) of the underlying asset which you would imagine would be inherently more valuable as the whole of company+coin, not just coin backed by a companies assets. The former seems more liquid than the latter. 