@_author: themanthree
@_date: 2018-01-31 21:00:40
Those are very good points and While I see those qualities as valuable, a little smart and thorough  research should negate any real downfall from those points, and I personally believe a lot of self made success is from mindset and ambition, not “KNOWLEDGE” -tai Lopez
@_date: 2018-01-31 04:36:50
Because you can get a better, unbiased, limitless learning experience on YouTube for free, in your own time, without watching online seminars. Or even actually take tai Lopez’s advice and read a book on it. But you should never pay to learn something like that when it’s so bountiful on the web from all kinds of sources and viewpoints. As for businesses, I can’t speak too much except to say that a bit of research on proper Instagram post timings and an hour making calls every other day, you can market your own business, once again, for free. 
@_date: 2018-01-31 20:46:57
As an active uni student, I would say for the most part they are. Academically at least. The only life skills that come out of college are social responsibilities and skills, learning to live on your own, and pushing through hard work. Academically, Your degree doesn’t show that you are an ace at any job you want, it shows that you have experience (that’s how most HR sees college, not as a separate achievement, but as years of experience) and base knowledge, which can be also obtained through 4 years of working your way up the ladder and some r/tutor and YouTube. I’m not saying it’s not a good value, otherwise I wouldn’t be sitting at my college right now. I’m simply saying there are other ways to obtain likewise skill sets and be successful, and mostly mindset, the prominence of which you can witness for yourself if you’ve ever seen the surplus of college grads working for $13/hour. My final point is the requirement of a degree at a plethora of jobs and career paths, which serves as verification, while there is no “I watched 3 online seminars” verification or requirement to invest money or trade Altcoins. If I could really sum it up, I’d say they are incomparable due to aspects such as social learning, personal growth, effort required, achievement of completion, and the fact that other people care if you have a college degree while they couldn’t give a rats ass if you live streamed tai Lopez, the large importance being a lot of other people get to decide your income, so your employers opinion somewhat matters.