@_author: themacguffinman
@_date: 2014-02-25 15:45:26
Who are you talking to? Because the person you replied to never said he wished for it to fail, nor did he even imply that everyone who disagrees *has to suffer*.
But Bitcoin should fail, not because of some vindictive urge of mine. People have rallied around a delusional solution that only saps away resources and mindshare from efforts to find actual solutions. The ship we are all sailing on has holes that need fixing, but for some reason many people are rushing to build a rocket to the moon.
@_date: 2013-12-19 00:45:56
I'm anti-bitcoin (not a banker) because I don't reject and distrust the government and the establishment. Central authorities provide valuable functions (eg. fraud protections, consumer protections, market protections) that bitcoin was designed to resist as interference.
I don't troll about bitcoin, but I do not want bitcoin to succeed because I do not see it as a solution. To me it is a reactionary response to institutional corruption that amputates the arm instead of killing the cancer.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:30:53
Well, from my perspective I see enormous potential for change. I don't demonise the people within these institutions. I don't believe (or see any reason to believe) that the people who work in these institutions were born more evil or greedy than you and I.
The problem would therefore lie in external factors: policies, culture, other systemic attributes. There's an [excellent talk]( by a psychologist discussing studies that show how our morality can change in different *situations*. If we can change these situations, if we can tweak the system to encourage the right behaviour, then these institutions can surely be fixed.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:15:51
I'm not sure I could consider bitcoin any part of a solution since it excludes central authorities - which I think are necessary - so completely.
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:22:15
Frankly, I'm not sure how bitcoin can ever address these issues. The treasury, for example, can't quickly create new bitcoins. That's sometimes needed to solve economic issues, but bitcoin simply doesn't allow it because you can't simply subvert the mathematics that underlies bitcoin.
That also defeats the whole point of bitcoin. Bitcoin was explicitly designed to algorithmically set its own inflation and its own regulation, not human protections like fraud protection. It was built to resist tampering, which is exactly what authorities often do.


I'm not sure what you mean. Do you mean you can use it to engage in illegal  or off-the-radar transactions? Because, sorry to say, that's precisely what I want to stop. I understand if you might want to buy weed but that isn't the only illegal purchase in the world.


Actually, bitcoin (and other cryptocurrencies) is deliberately wasteful in transaction processing. It forces you to do a lot of computation. The only reason bitcoin is lower is that conventional currencies have lots of costly regulation. A non-cryptocurrency can theoretically beat bitcoin, we just have to revamp some policies.


And more risk for consumers. This is not an improvement.


I'm not sure what's the point of transparency when everyone is anonymous. You can't really see who is doing anything.


I wouldn't consider neutrality to be a boon. The system *should* be biased towards a positive social outcome.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:58:44


I'm not saying it was designed for that purpose. I'm saying its design happens to make it very effective for this purpose.


That is more of a technical limitation. Cash is a primitive form of currency that cannot actually assist law enforcement at the same level as flexible digital transactions. Even then, it facilitates more control than bitcoin. Authorities can mark bills, for example. They can also print cash at their discretion.
Ideally, cash would also go away, although I'm not sure it will. We are seeing cards becoming more and more prevalent though.


I don't mean to say that bitcoin was designed to promote it. It indirectly *helps* it by resisting efforts to oppose it.


Policy changes. The corruption in our current monetary system doesn't seem like it was caused by a few tyrants. The corruption was very systemic, influencing many bankers and compounding the consequences.
This will likely take a lot of sustained, popular support. After all, most Western governments were designed to be resistant to radical change.


I think decentralization is a terrible idea because it lacks the discretion and reparative power that centralized authorities have.
If a business turns out to be a fraud, an authority can forcefully refund the victim. If businesses conduct illegal transactions, an authority can quickly detect and track it down. In times of economic crisis, an authority can adjust inflation rates, stimulate the economy, and bailout banks so average citizens don't come in one day and find their life savings missing.
No decentralized system would allow that level of control because, well, that's the opposite of decentralized. No decentralized system could be set up to enforce the ever-changing letter of the law. Some central authority would have to interpret and enforce it.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:22:15


I don't doubt it fulfills a need. I just don't think it's a good answer to the root problem. I think its benefits are overshadowed by its costs.


I agree that if Bitcoin "wins", government will still be there. However, its ability to police and control the currency is severely incapacitated by the very design of the Bitcoin system. I think that ability is critical to a good currency, while evidently Bitcoin resists it as interference.
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:03:18
Human nature is not one dimensional. Humans react in all sorts of different ways under various pressures and situations. As a basic example, [our moral standards actually change if we abstract money](
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:55:35
Put as simply as possible, I want bitcoin dead because it indirectly sustains and facilitates a variety of illegal activities. I don't care that you want your own special currency any more than I care if criminals want their own special justice system.
Furthermore, I don't care that you think legal protections and market protections are irrelevant to currency, because financial crimes and crises *occur at the currency level*. Financial crimes and crises are also repaired at the currency level.


I'm getting a few messages here: 
1. You think malicious and infectious spam is better than vetted ads from a credible company on a private service
2. You are determined to find a system *even worse* and more simplistic than email for comparison's sake
3. You think that the relative lack of spam in your personal inbox indicates that the spam problem is not so serious
@_date: 2013-12-19 03:04:27
I've listed fundamental design issues, the kind that will not be fixed by "growing pains".
Also, what specific improvements are you referring to?
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:59:17
Well that's why I'm anti-bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-12-19 06:04:11


Why can't people just use a form of debit/credit card instead? The only real downside is the processing fees, which is a significant issue. I agree cash won't go away in the foreseeable future, but I doubt it will be the main form of payment in the future. Cards are just too convenient and safe.


Well, with that attitude, it's a wonder we got anywhere at all. I don't think our only options are benevolent dictator or violent revolution. A third option is a group of leaders that form a movement. Like many radical and dramatic movements in the past, you would have a vanguard of charismatic leaders who rise and change the zeitgeist.


I like to say I have a necessary faith in authority, for without authority we have anarchy. I'm much more interested in fixing the system than regressing into the same chaos that we formed institutions to tame.


This lies at the heart of why I reject bitcoin as a solution. Economics is inherently a very human problem; it is driven by humans and, in a sense, *governs* humans. Economic issues have a very real impact on many, many people, which is why I'm reluctant to let an algorithm "balance the books".
Does the bitcoin blockchain algorithm realise that if an exchange or bank gets hacked, the lifeblood of very many people simply disappears? A central authority can correct the figures, knowing that the hackers are outside the law, but bitcoin is adamant that those coins cannot simply be replaced for integrity's sake. When the market crashes, does bitcoin know that it needs to adjust inflation rates to help people survive? The inflation rate of bitcoin is predetermined and immutable. Does bitcoin realise that the government needs to create wealth to bailout and save affected citizens who have had their wealth just vanish for reasons beyond their control?
Bitcoin doesn't allow corrections to the system even though sometimes that's what we need.
Economic issues should be responded with deference to the humans it affects, not the system's integrity which is what bitcoin's algorithms try to do. I'm not averse to a machine solution, but it'd need to be an AI to respond appropriately.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:11:56


Bitcoin money laundering is [a thing]( I believe at the moment, law enforcement tries to detect illegal activities at the exchange level - ie. just before federally controlled dollars turn into bitcoins.
Not to mention the obvious uses of bitcoin for illegal, anonymous transactions (eg. most famously: silk road).
In short, it's designed to be really anonymous so it complicates efforts to track people who breach the law but not the bitcoin system.
Another concern is consumer protections. No charge-backs? Fuck off.


I'm not sure what you mean. When I say "amputate the arm", I mean bitcoin is trying to cut government out of the whole currency system instead of addressing the issue of corrupt government.
@_date: 2013-12-19 02:13:54
You misunderstand me. The institutions are not the cancer. The cancer is within the institutions: the policies, the culture, the people.
Perhaps you'd read my post instead of making snide comments about the NSA.
@_date: 2013-12-19 07:36:19


Do you know of a alternative capturing device that detects CP? Because I know of another currency system that detects fraud.
As for alcohol, not a great situation we have now but it looks like it's not going to go away. I'm not a fan of useless fights. Heavier taxation like in Australia sounds good to me.


That's why I said vetted ads by a credible company.


How on earth is the police going to do their job when the metaphorical oscilloscope casts a virtual invisibility cloak over the thief?
Quite simply, bitcoin greatly hinders law enforcement from enforcing the law.
@_date: 2013-12-19 05:24:18
What? Are you saying that the failures I listed - fraud protections, consumer protections, market protections - should not be considered part of the "problem" a currency should tackle?
And email has been suffering ever since it achieved near global adoption. Major email providers have tirelessly devised cocktails of anti-spam mechanisms with imperfect yet complicated filtering algorithms, central blacklists and very recently, DMARC to prevent spoofing.
Yet spam remains at large.
Email doesn't bother using a central authority because it doesn't matter as much. If, instead of a crapped up inbox, you had economic crises, billions lost to money laundering and tax evasion, and millions of angry, ripped off citizens, there is no way email will remain decentralised.