@_author: thenotoriousamp
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:15:48
Know your customer laws. Banks are under an active duty to ensure that they 1- know who their customers are and 2- who their customers are transacting with. This is crucial part of the anti-money laundering regime, which is the foundation of anti-organized crime, tax evasion, and terrorism efforts. 
Engaging with cryptocurrency is not a classic purchase (you buy a sandwich, or you get paid by your friend for pizza). Instead, its a purchase/deposit that has an opaque middle step. Compare this to venmo, which is bank account to bank account. Therefore, banks are at massive liability when their customers are engaging in crypto-currency transactions because they don't know about where the money is either coming or going.
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:30:13
The very point of this thread is that Bitcoin is a good investment because of HODLers. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 18:34:44
A HODLer is someone who buys BTC and *holds onto it* (doesn't use it as currency). A post that says that BTC is a good investment because of large numbers of HODLers is saying that it's a good investment because people are not using it as currency.
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:17:27
This is likely because of know your customer laws. 
Banks are under an active duty to ensure that they 1- know who their customers are and 2- who their customers are transacting with. This is crucial part of the anti-money laundering regime, which is the foundation of anti-organized crime, tax evasion, and terrorism efforts.
Engaging with cryptocurrency is not a classic purchase (you buy a sandwich, or you get paid by your friend for pizza). Instead, its a purchase/deposit that has an opaque middle step. Compare this to venmo, which is bank account to bank account. Therefore, banks are at massive liability when their customers are engaging in crypto-currency transactions because they don't know about where the money is either coming or going.
@_date: 2018-01-07 17:21:19
................Those laws are what force banks to have mechanisms in place to make sure they don't fund terrorists. They are literally the thing that governments put in place to make them stop doing that shit. 
@_date: 2018-01-13 19:55:46
Yeah, fuck those guys for trying to exert control over someone who was trying to hire someone to commit 5 assassinations. 
@_date: 2018-01-01 06:21:30
Yup, Bitcoin is a perfect investment as long as lots of people buy it and nobody actually uses it as a currency. Bitcoin is also a perfect investment because of its potential as the currency of the future, despite no one using it. 
@_date: 2017-12-25 22:20:59
I too enjoy holding a currency that I'm not actually supposed to use as a currency, despite everyone telling me that its worth is based on its potential as the currency of the future. 
@_date: 2017-12-20 12:03:21
An expanding population (and the hope of greater prosperity) does require economies to keep inflating. Otherwise people get poorer. 
You seem to conflate two core things: 1- increased economic activity and 2- increased planetary consumption. While both are strongly related, they are not identical. For example, American energy use peaked in the early 2000's, while our population has expanded by 40 million and our economy has become ever more tech/energy consuming thing focused. Simply put, things got a lot more efficient. 
The matter of debt is mostly to use soft inflation (2-3%) to gradually make it easier for the government to borrow money (and thus fund things like Medicare/Medicaid or other useful programs) while encouraging people to spend money or turn it into assets instead of keeping liquid currency in the bank.
The core problem with how people approach currency is that it is inherently valueless. The whole point of money is to be a method of easily carrying value with you. For example, you sell your house and use the value to buy another house. Money is the tool that allows you to do so without having to do a direct trade of houses between you and the seller, or having to make the inefficient step of converting that money into things the seller wants (and also making sure your buying price for those things is as close as possible to the seller's desired buying price). 
Which leads to my biggest frustration with Bitcoin evangelists: they want Bitcoin to be a currency, but everything that they love and value about Bitcoin treats it actually like an asset. There is a reason why we moved away from currency as an asset (backed by gold) to currency as a tool, it just doesn't make sense in the modern economy where people are invariably unable to make the products they require themselves.
@_date: 2017-12-20 09:30:57
Quick question, why do people want a deflationary currency? A deflationary currency is great when its not your nation's currency, because your asset increases in value. But having your own nation's currency go into deflation is basically rat poison for the economy. See Japan, for example. If bitcoin were to replace fiat, you'd basically see Japan's lost decades on crack because no one would want to actually use their bitcoins for transactions more than they need to.
@_date: 2017-12-27 06:37:52
I swear to fucking God no one here crying about small amounts of deflation has ever read any single economics article. It's like people can't be bothered to quickly google the last 30 years of Japan's economy.
DEFLATION. IS. REALLY. FUCKING. BAD. FOR. AN. ECONOMY.
MONEY IS A MEANS OF TRANSFERRING VALUE/STORING IT WHEN NECESSARY. IT IS MEANT TO BE SPENT OR INVESTED, NOT HELD.
When deflation is strong, people are less inclined to spend money (because it is increasing in value) meaning there is less economic activity and thus less prosperity. 
So lets say Bitcoin becomes the money of the future. Can you imagine what HODLing would do to an economy? When everyone doesn't want to spend anything because it might mean losing money?
Reasonable levels of inflation keep prices stable while also subtly encouraging spending/investing into actual productive assets.
@_date: 2017-12-18 03:07:00
AHAHAHAHAHAHA no.
The only reason Bitcoin is booming in value is because the establishment is getting in on the bubble. The only people who can feasibly use Bitcoin in day to day transactions are those who are making large purchases or are buying illicit goods. This means that the only way for a bitcoin holder to actually have any real capital is take advantage of a late comer and convert that sucker back into actual currency, which is about as perfect as it comes to participating in the worst of the system. At least the major banks were selling you a home that had some function to it beyond the overly inflated capital it would bring. 
Bitcoin is not anti-establishment. It just places a nice little middleman in between the establishment steps to convince itself that its a rebel. It's like a New York trust fund kid reading Jacobin magazine. 
@_date: 2019-10-15 20:39:04
Keep holding the bag! It'll all be worth it at some indeterminate point in the future.
@_date: 2018-02-04 06:14:37
Internet slang for bagholder.