@_author: thenisawtheusername
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:17:53
ttk is right, but how does that make it a scam? from the explanatory material it's slated to work the same as bitcoin mining, where computation verifies transactions and updates the fully decentralized Ledger. 
giving it away looks like incentivizing users to participate, isn't it? i mean, someone could always do what you're suggesting if it doesn't spread properly, i suppose, but in terms of its inherent operative characteristics i don't see the scam. if i'm blind to something, please do explain, but if it's only a possibility, please make that clear as well.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:55:37
i actually didn't know this, and was pretty shocked. read up a bit. jed mccaleb sold MtGox to Tibanne Co. in japan in march 2011, which seems to be about a few months before it more or less went to shit. MagicalTux started managing it after, and there are quite a few IRC transcripts on bitcointalk if you want an idea of how that "second age" began working.
this is only as "evil" as you imply if he plans to flip this as a sellable venture as well. otherwise, i don't think you can scapegoat the oriinal developer unless he instituted parameters that were inherently poisonous before the japanese corporation bought it. 
if you want to tinfoil-hat, which i am open to, i would consider a larger picture: satoshi nakamoto is an entirely unconfirmed identity that basically disappeared around 0.63 of the source code. mtgox reportedly pays for, but not runs, bitcointalk. and he developed e2k prior... this isn't enough, though; if you look up "the bitcoin crypto-currency mystery reopened", on fastcompany (sorry, mobile) there is a super compelling find relating to a common phrase between the BitCoin paper and a patent filing three days prior. 
my personal theory about all this is that it was a totally hidden collab between some or all of these dudes, since it would never be trustworthy if its imcipience could be traced back to an institution. in terms of malicious greed, i would ask whether your criticism might instinctively come from a place that desires an immaculate conception of utopian economic methods, but rationally knows that it has to be  invented and implemented by man and is therefore susceptibly  born in a sort of Original Sin.
furthermore, in 2010, bitcoin.org was owned by a tokyo resident (bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=5951.0) - pther interesting details in that data -  while its listed ownership has now moved back to its original home in finland.
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:02:46
While it's possible that this is purely coincidental and doesn't mean anything at all, or even that botting in many different forms has already been occuring in Bitcoin trading for quite a while now, I thought it would be an interesting "tiny piece of possible history" to bring to the table.
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:23:54
At this point, griefing is exactly what it is.
@_date: 2013-04-11 21:00:14
I like your take, made me realize that it's more important to think about the pluriform possibilities of the currency in order to properly understand its strengths and susceptibilities, and thereby how to properly structure its use with those in mind.
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:27:14
Furthermore, hop over here -  - and sign up for a beta key for when it opens. BitCoin should be **fully** P2P; mitigating risk by increasing the number of bottlenecks is not solving the problem.
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:58:10
This, I'm not sure about. Though I don't know who the "he" in question would be (could've been anyone that saw the thread or the linked resources), I'd like to think that 9 days is more than enough for someone that knew what they were doing.
I don't know my history with BitCoin beyond general terms, so I'm making the assumption that this kind of botting was very light or non-existent.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:19:01
From my beginner's understanding, once the ~21m cap of BitCoins is "created", value will continue to be perpetuated by transactions / transaction fees, with the same principle of computational work in relation to the verification for those transactions.
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:09:55
Maybe I'm the one that's misunderstanding? The only centralizing aspect I can see is the *option* to use a Ripple currency. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:13:14
I am not much of a conspiracy theorist but I couldn't help but note that several other transactions were made right afterwards from (the equivalent of) a few USD cents to a few fractions of a cent. Could anyone explain or take a stab?
@_date: 2013-04-11 08:51:47
[Here is the link to a comment]( that explains what is going on. The image in the OP for that link also shows further examples of the at-loss microtrades. 
I found it because of [the top comment in the Mt. Gox post]( which identifies some other actual and important problems beyond "omg bitecains r unstabel n spekilativ".
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:59:23
I'm saying there's a possibility that the consolidation of documentation for the newest API could have facilitated what happened this past day. It's a little tinfoil-hattish but given the fact that a deliberate market manipulation and DDoS is certain, it's an interesting potential link.
Furthermore, it opens up the discussion as to what needs to happen with the trading houses beyond Gox upping its security and infrastructure, and the userbase needing to learn to diversify exchange centers, because it calls into question the API. 
The only reason this could've happened today, since it happened because of trading volumes that bypassed the minimum limit on Gox's web interface, was through the API. I don't think the answer is, "Close the API", but I'm not sure what is.
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:18:37
Realized that after I replied to you; it's not like the old API became fully defunct just because a new one was developed.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:56:25
Do you understand the difference between a commodity and a protocol? I don't mean to be hostile but you could've just left only the last sentence inyour OP and it's the same post because you are treating BItCoins as a stock rather than as a currency and a fundamental proposal for a different socioeconomic structure.
Basically this is a "buy this car to drive to work, drive to wok to pay for this car" scenario. It fundamentally doesn't matter how fuel-efficient the car is or what you wear to the interview. Hopefully that clarifies the nature of my response and reassures you that I read and paid attention to your thoughts and resources.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:58:06
ah, thanks! i only i could edit my post on mobile now...
@_date: 2013-04-11 09:16:59
"[For trading bots using Gox's API the limit is lower or none at all. Different from the UI on the website."
 
(don't upvote the messenger)
@_date: 2013-04-11 11:14:50
Thanks for the link! Signed up for open beta.
@_date: 2013-04-11 10:10:07
That tweet was made 27 minutes before your time of posting. It confuses me because I was still seeing a large number of 0.01/0.02 transactions until about an hour ago (stalking s2.bitcoinity.org/markets/), then they mostly stopped. Half an hour later, "but we are now under a DDoS attack"? Give me a break.
EDIT: I'm going to stop short of drawing conclusions from the fact that instead of closing down DURING a clear DDoS attack / market manipulation, the house stayed open to receive a hefty cut of fees from a HUGE volume of sales, despite the fact that its infrastructure was collapsing. It is food for thought, nevertheless.
It would be interesting if a parallel system to the currency could be set up, wherein the entire "trading house" system was also run through computational p2p. Personally, I don't think the answer is simply diversifying between the already limited (and inherently centralized) trading house options for BitCoins. What's the point of creating a currency like this if suicidal bottlenecks like these exist?
This is why I agree with the posters in this thread who are pointing out the superficiality of focusing on Gox's failures or the violent change in national currency exchange equivalents, when instead the actual problems are the infrastructure for currency exchange and the use of BitCoins as a speculative market for get-rich-quickers instead of maintaining its radical social imperative.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:53:35
This is great for investment but absolutely horrible for BitCoins. 
BitCoins are not the brothel you go to when things get too difficult with whatever paper currency you are married to. The biggest problem with this whole publicity rush and USD peak is the perception of BitCoins as a rag that is bought dirty and sold clean. Rather than placing value in its social empowerment, this kind of shit just subjugates it more to the exact system it seeks to be independent of.
The information you're providing is good in itself, but totally ignorant of its operative context. If anything, BTCs treated in this context shows what the world of finance is really about with great clarity - "The madman sees, little by little, the absurdity of his pretensions, shown another madman who ha also been long convinces that he possessed supreme power..."
