@_author: thenewyes
@_date: 2013-02-27 16:41:49
Its the worlds first currency ever in human history with a 100% know supply.
Today, tomorrow and in 140 years. How many Euros are there out there today? Tomorrow? In 1 year in 5 years? In 40 years? You have no idea nobody knows not even the centralbankers can tell you how many there will be in 40 years. Think about that!
Mario Draghi has said he is willing to print infinite if required. Someone will replace Mario. But Bitcoin...Digital gold.
How much real gold is there? Will be in 10 years? 40 years? You have no idea.
All Fiat is borrowed and should be paid back to the banks with interest.
So when you are holding FIAT you have got it from someone who have borrowed it.
Yes all money in the system is just borrowed by someone. Except for one. bitcoins. They are not borrowed, they are not created as a loan. 
There is no interest that each Bitcoin has to pay. 
They should not be repaid back to anyone.
Bitcoins are not created as debt.
Look at Money as debt.
Look up Fractional Reserve Banking.
Bitcoins are created out of energy = work (your work pay for the energy with your work) and time. 
Its the only electronic currency on earth created like this and as you now all FIAT currencies are digital by now, only a small amount is cash.
Its the only electronic currency you can own. 
When you own a Bitcoin and have it in your own wallet, noone. Nobody can move it except for you. Your wallet created a unique key that is required to move the coin in that adress and only you have those keys (if you are careful when you create them) and not hacked. 
Its the worlds first electronic system for owning bits of data. Not even domain names are really owned by the "owner". They are simply rented.
Paypal are known to freeze peoples money all the time, this is ofcourse not something they want to, but they have to because of possible chargebacks. You do not really own the money when its in the paypal account and Paypal is based on dollar its not a own currency.