@_author: theoreticalbts
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:35:39
BTS core developer here.  You are not actually correct.  BTS is a cryptocurrency.
bytemaster's idea of a DAC is complex and nuanced, and we have been moving away from it.  Largely because experience has shown it confuses people. 
The idea is this:  When bitcoins are mined, the newly created bitcoins take value away from all the existing bitcoins.  The existing bitcoin holders have no say in this process, and it is questionable whether the services provided by miners are worth the many millions of dollars worth of BTC the system is giving to those miners.
Bitcoin's actions are like a company that is issuing new shares (bitcoins) to pay employees (miners), without any input from shareholders (people who already own bitcoin) about whether the services (security / decentralization / fork resolution) provided by those employees (miners) is worth the amount the shareholders (bitcoin holders) are paying (indirectly through the decrease in value of existing bitcoins whenever new bitcoins are created).
BitShares was originally conceived as a cryptocurrency that allows the existing coin holders to decide, in a decentralized way, whether to issue new coins, how many new coins to issue, and the purpose for which those coins will be issued.
@_date: 2015-01-06 18:52:58
BTS core developer here. 


Yes, that's the idea.


Yes.  We are currently testing features which will help gateways comply with the regulatory requirements to operate legally in the US.


That's part of the idea.
The other part is that there are two reasons people give their dollars and bitcoins to gateways like BitStamp.
The first reason is to get money into or out of the old fashioned banking system, for example selling bitcoins to pay taxes, rent, or food when your government, landlord or grocery store doesn't accept bitcoin.  Or buying bitcoins with your income from a job that pays you by cash, check, or direct deposit.
The second reason is to get exposure to the value of bitcoin or USD.  In this case you keep your bitcoins on deposit, and as soon as the price starts to drop, you sell them.  Or maybe you sell them as soon as the price rises above a certain level.  The point is, because of deposit delays, you have to keep your bitcoins on deposit in order to be able to trade them quickly.  And that means there are lots of IOU's and the exchange wallets containing the bitcoins backing the IOU's are a tempting target.
The second reason is more or less completely eliminated by our system, because you can trade your gateway-issued IOU's for BitUSD or BitBTC which are decentralized cryptocurrencies -- not IOU's backed by a particular gateway.  How we ensure that 1 BitUSD is always worth about $1, and BitBTC is always worth about 1 BTC, is [quite interesting and innovative](