@_author: theowmwaway
@_date: 2014-08-27 02:10:25
Bitcoin prices and the mining arms race
Bitcoin mining has evolved from cottage industry to heavy industry over the last couple of years and mining equipment has become very expensive.
This may add acute instability to Bitcoin price dynamics because of an imbalance between supply and demand. Consider the following articles. The first two discuss how flat the number of final Bitcoin transactions are (link1, link2). More and more firms are announcing that they accept Bitcoin but the reality is that few consumers use it and retailers that receive it almost always shift into fiat currency almost immediately.  The third talks about the rising costs and capital intensity of Bitcoin mining (link3).
For corporations to receive Bitcoin and hold it would be an aberration. Corporations buy  options and pay premia to avoid currency risk. Why would they then go out and unnecessarily hold an asset which is more volatile than any of the currencies whose risk they are otherwise paying to mitigate? And if they did hang on to their Bitcoin unnecessarily,  holding such a volatile asset may have implications for GAAP accounting treatment since it would be viewed as a speculative position, not a hedge.  
Consumers  still do not have much incentive to transact in Bitcoin.  Bitcoin has the possibility of providing benefit to consumers if they get a discount for using Bitcoin, but if consumers do not get a couple of percent off for using Bitcoin, they have no particular incentive to use Bitcoin as opposed to a conventional credit card, which remains much easier to use. Those consumers who do use Bitcoin under these circumstances are doing it for love, not money. And the flat transactions profile suggests that love may not be enough.
This uninspired demand side may interact with the rising costs of mining, which has become a very specialized and capital intensive industry. If miners pay out a lot for their equipment, the more the initial outlay, the bigger the incentive to sell quickly any Bitcoin that they mine into the market in order to recoup their investment.
So we have daily transactions volume of 60-100k in recent months, with volumes higher in periods of falling bitcoin prices. Many and possibly a majority of these transactions are shuffling Bitcoin between wallets. About 3.5k Bitcoin are mined daily. If the miners are a steady source of supply and there is no increase in final demand we have this overhang of Bitcoin being sold into the market. In consequence we have downward price pressures. This may change if there is some pickup in demand for Bitcoin, but for now we have miners looking to sell and not much of anyone looking to buy.
The market structure I am describing inherently generates extreme volatility. Bitcoin advocates often describe volatility as a growing pain but in fact the cost structure of Bitcoin mining may make this volatility inevitable.