@_author: theolaf
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:28:11
Most of the arguments in are weather btc is a viable currency. 50% of the worlds wealth may never be in bitcoin, this is because purely due to the fact that there is zero garuntee in its value. The average joe is going to want to have money because there is a garuntee in its value. 
It is possible- sure. But unlikely. There would need to be large bank support as well as government support, and (if/when) that happens- it will be no different than any other fiat currency- and the issue is that I could see employment issues being cause by a cryptocurrency.
Why hire thousands of people and pump millions of dollars into an organization to employ people and sell a service or product when you can drop a few hundred thousand for a server farm and mint your own money? Giving people the power to mint their own money just can't work on a global scale.
As I said- it is a very viable solution for a small scal or community economy as with any collectable, but as a basis for a worldwide global curency there are just too many hurdles.
@_date: 2013-12-02 16:37:00
Cryptocurrency as an idea will take a long time to hash out. Sure it is technologically feasable, but the economics behind it are based on material value, manpower value, and reliability. Economics moves in decades if not centuries- THAT will be the roadblock for progress.
Technological adoption, social adoption, political adoption, and economic adoption are all factors in the progress of bitcoin, and the tech is the least of the worries. Its as simple as linking it to paypal/google wallet and bam.
I think the big problem with a cryptocurrency is the ability for you to mint money just by throwing cpu/gpu cycles at nothing. Instead of people using computing power to process information, or provide a service- they are creating money directly.
Why should amazon rent out servers via AWS when it would be far more economical to mint their own money? Why would any company provide any PAAS instead of literally turning power into money?
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:11:22
Your comparison is more true than you think it is.
It is exactly like that. Why buy a multi thousand dollar computer that ultimately is less flexible than the multiple thousands of dollars it is worth? Especially now when that multi thousand dollar computer will eventually depreciate.
Getting into bitcoin right now is gambling. The value may go up, but the only way for it to be viable as a currency is for the value to drop dramatically and stabilize. Noone intelligent wants to use bitcoin as a currency in its current state. When the value goes up and down 20% in a matter of days- how do you expect to pay bills? You don't know if your bitcoin is going to pay rent, or just pay the power bill.
The power in currency is in its predictability, and when it is backed purely by thought, and not a garuntee by anyone or anything- it just won't work in a capitalist economy.
As a purely online small scale currency within a very small community (as it is now) it may work well. People should stop looking at bitcoin as a currency and more of a collectable commodity like baseball cards.
@_date: 2013-12-02 18:24:10
Arguments are many times untested statements. Theory and probability all work under that. If I were to stick to making arguments that contain no untested statements then all I could say is "Bitcoin is a wildly unreliable form of currency" and you would have no argument because bitcoin has yet proven to be reliable in any way. Unprotected valuation as well as no backing (either promised or by commodity) as well as rapid inflation/deflation as well as free-ish minting just causes all sorts of problems.
And yes, I do know how mining works. The issue is that the more people mine the harder it gets- this also drives the value of the bitcoins up because they become harder to produce. If I have 4 bitcoins worth 1k now, but the value goes up 15 times in 5 years because a couple big datacenters do nothing but mine, the hyperinflation will caise a shitstorm of problems for me. For multiple reasons I will get screwed in all sorts of ways, my salary goes from 50btc a year to 4.2btc a year... I have zero incentive to spend any BTC on anything because the value will keep going up at crazy rates as long as computing power goes up.
The more people get involved with BTC, the more unpredictable the value is- that has been proven for the past how many years, I have had my 4btc go from $12 each to $5 each to $100 each to $25 each to $300 each and so on. In a matter of 5 years... 90% of the reasoning btc is a crazy as it is is because more people are involved.
@_date: 2013-12-02 15:48:08
There is no doubt it is valuable, but as a true currency "for the world" it won't happen in the next 20 or 30 years at least. It is a currency for the few, not for the masses. I actually have 4btc sitting in a wallet from years ago when they were $12. It is awesome that I made so much money, but there are so many reasons why it shouldn't be compared to any currency. It is a collectable, not a currency. The value in bitcoin is by not spending it, whereas the value in currency is by spending it.
Access to bitcoin isn't hard. You setup an account on any number of sites and buy it. EARNING bitcoin is a bit more complicated (and pretty much futile for the average person), but it just won't work as a currency the way it is set up.