@_author: theoneblue
@_date: 2019-10-03 22:10:58
I have been studying. But I have 1 million questions still. Reddit seems like a perfect place for such discoveries. And the ones who want to help will. Im just a noob not a manipulator. But people are more than welcome to downvote my curiosity. The question I’m asking is more of a what if/philosophical question about bitcoins future. Not how it will affect the price. Which is what most people are curious about. 
And furthermore the people that don’t like these and other questions asked can fuck right off. About 0.4% of people on earth have ever used/owned bitcoin right? Well there might be a few other repeat questions coming from the other 99.6% of the planet. So they can be helpful or get irritated. It matters not to me. I had multiple responses of people on this post trying to be very helpful and I appreciate it greatly.  
Not trying to put you in this crowd at all btw.  You were also being helpful.  Specifically with the “satoshi”. I’d heard that term used a lot. And I assumed that was what the inventors name was. Even though I also thought we weren’t actually sure who invented it at all. And I also thought when people referred to there satoshis that a satoshi was a full bitcoin. So that cleared up a couple things for me. 
So thank you for the info. Appreciate it. As far as the warning goes. It’s a bit ridiculous. I AM studying bitcoin. Hence my curiosity and question.
@_date: 2019-10-03 21:48:22
So the solution right now is to spread out the bitcoin between multiple wallets. Is that what you mean? Or do you mean there are solutions to losing your “keys” to your bitcoin?  Thanks for response.
@_date: 2019-10-01 23:59:42
Very interesting. Thank you. So you can own bitcoin on a phone? Are all apps not basically the same as Robinhood?  Basically bitcoin funds.  I thought all actual bitcoin had to be stored on hard drives. And that’s why you needed the keys.  Do you have a key to your bitcoin if it’s one a phone?  
Total noob. I’ve been studying. But my initial interest was obviously the money aspect. Only now looking into details. You know. The opposite way it should be done.
@_date: 2019-10-01 23:18:21
I’m not computer savvy. I’m a moron when it comes to computers. And I have millions of moron compatriots in this world. I don’t see how bitcoin won’t be lost at an unbelievable rate. People only know their checking account numbers because the bank can tell them.   
It just seems that the penalty for stupidity way is too high. With way to many stupid people. 
I watched a Peter Schiff vs. Erik Vorhees moderated debate from over a year ago. And one of them had a true story of on of their friends. The man used his and his wife’s “piggy bank” money to buy bitcoin awhile back. So the man got to tell his wife the good news of 80 million dollars worth of bitcoin they own.  Bad news is he has no idea where the key was.  And still to this day doesn’t.  So he has 80 million. Just sitting there. That he can’t get to. That’s brutal.  And if he’s talking to these two then he’s not a moron. He’s probably some tycoon. So what chance does the everyday man have of not just OOF ing all his money.  
Now some poor bastard has a house fire. Owns bitcoin. Keys on a piece of paper inside house. Double fucked.   
There has been Millions of bitcoins lost when its in the hands of a few hundred thousand.  What about when it’s in the hands of billions exchanging billions of times a day.
@_date: 2019-10-01 23:52:18
That’s what I meant by “lose” because I only recently learned. That basically the price you’re watching on their site. Is actually their price. So if they were to get hacked. Or some impropriety occurred. Then your bitcoin would basically be at a new price lower than the actual value. So that would suck.
At this point it seems maybe both isn’t a terrible option. Especially since I can’t actually use it in one of the scenarios.
@_date: 2019-10-03 21:22:36
Thank you sir.  I was looking to figure out which wallet to get.
@_date: 2019-10-03 22:19:08
Ok so. If I have a wallet stored on my phone with my bitcoin in it. If I break  or lose my phone. Can I reinstall the wallet on a new phone. And like an app it still has all that info stored when I put in my username and password. So as long as I still have my keys I’m good.  Or am I screwed because bitcoin is kept on my hardrive?  Thanks for responses.
Edit nvm. That info is the link you sent. Thanks again.
@_date: 2019-10-01 23:24:10
But is there anyway in the future of being able to retrieve lost bitcoin. In the sense that you know where it is. But can’t get to it.  Because that seems like an almost beyond frustrating line that one would cross. Knowing exactly where your bitcoin is.  Perhaps directly in front of you. On a table in a flash drive. But there is no hope of actually retrieving it. 
Because at least with a banks errors. There are corrective measures. That more often than not work or are successful.
@_date: 2019-10-01 23:31:56
Thank you for info. But I’m trying to figure out the risks of owning your own bitcoin. Versus “owning”bitcoin on a trading site like Robinhood.  Basically the chances of me losing my bitcoin or them losing my bitcoin.
@_date: 2019-12-04 15:15:31
I don’t know. It sure seems to be manipulated as fuck.
@_date: 2019-12-03 22:08:03
Yeah. But the dude that ends up getting arrested will just be some fall guy.  Poor son of a bitch will be in jail thinking, “ I was the janitor. What the fuck is going on?”
@_date: 2019-10-03 23:19:40
A fraction of one bitcoin could supply the entire market.  That is crazy. 
Infinitely divisible were just words I heard thrown around.  That explanation really locked into my mind what it really means.  So at least I don’t have to worry about how much gets lost in the future.  Just how not like lose any I acquire.  Thanks boss.