@_author: theocarina
@_date: 2016-08-01 12:04:16
Little information is given in the article, but if I had to guess from the article above and one linked in it, they're probably using WebRTC or something similar so that the site is entirely hosted and supported by the end users.
But if I had a say in its design, I would provide some redundant solution - allowing users to host content on separate, but always-online, servers elsewhere. Because there's a good chance that content will simply disappear or become unavailable once all of the users who were hosting it leave the network. This also means that older content will disappear over time.
There's also the problem of end user computers hosted behind firewalls and NAT addresses. This further complicates using WebRTC hosting, since it requires the use of trusted relay points. So I don't think they're going for the purely distributed method, unless they have a strong business case for it.
I'm really curious to see how they do it.
Edit: Thinking about it further, there was a mention of a downloadable client. They might try to combine WebRTC with a traditional P2P network.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:58:17


That's a problem for BCH, it's not a perk of using it. When the difficulty adjusts for BCH and mining profitability goes down, the time between blocks will likely increase beyond 10 minutes. The median block time is intended to be stable and predictable, and the rapidly-changing hash rate perpetuates an unreliable network. I'm not trying to shit on BCH, because I think having competing chains will produce a stronger Bitcoin overall, but it is not at a stable place right now until the hashing difficulty is more or less consistent.
By comparison, LTC supports segwit and has stable median block times of 2.5 minutes, which means that the network capacity of LTC is roughly equivalent to using BCH as it was designed to work.
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:12:21
Bitcoin has evolved towards a more heavyweight network, where transaction fees are non-negligible. This isn't meant to spread FUD, but it's more or less what Bitcoin's supporters advocate to support the network. In this regard, Bitcoin is better utilized as a store of value or for purchasing larger items where the transaction fee hardly matters.
That said, the SegWit chain (BTC, not BCH) will be supported by the Lightning Network, which allows for immediate transfers with very low fees - on the orders of a few cents. The Bitcoin Cash chain supports larger transaction blocks, and as a result of the larger blocks and relative value of BCH, the transaction fees on the native chain are lower than BTC - however, the Lightning Network won't be able to support BCH. So, both chains have their pros and cons.
You can also consider another coin for day-to-day transactions (until Lightning Network becomes active). Litecoin is the most popular alternative, which supports very low transaction fees on the native chain and has a 2.5 minute median block time. It's also based on a nearly identical codebase to Bitcoin, so adoption of Litecoin is fairly trivial for users and businesses who have adopted Bitcoin.
Once Lightning Network is active, it will be possible to make immediate, affordable transfers on BTC again, and with the addition of atomic swaps, you'll be able to transfer between BTC and LTC (and other supported coins, like Viacoin and Vertcoin) nearly automatically.
@_date: 2017-08-22 17:16:11
Your point is fair, but I don't think that this view is going to help spread Bitcoin adoption. The vast majority of daily transactions have small values, and traditionally, Bitcoin has been sold as a means to bring freedom and autonomy to the people. It's fine if Bitcoin changes to be something for larger stores of value and transactions, but for cryptocurrency to be adopted worldwide, these small transactions must be supported.
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:41:28
Welp, here we go. History in the making.
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:08:55
It's interesting you say that - Bitcoin isn't necessarily the early adopter in this case. Napster was centralized, which made it possible to take down in one fell swoop. Now we have BitTorrent, which can't be taken away no matter how much anyone tries.
Before Bitcoin was [E-gold]( which was a centralized digital currency. It gained some traction until it had to shut down due to legal issues. In the same year that E-gold shut down, the Bitcoin white paper came out, so now we have the decentralized version of digital currency.
@_date: 2017-09-15 02:08:55
It's interesting you say that - Bitcoin isn't necessarily the early adopter in this case. Napster was centralized, which made it possible to take down in one fell swoop. Now we have BitTorrent, which can't be taken away no matter how much anyone tries.
Before Bitcoin was [E-gold]( which was a centralized digital currency. It gained some traction until it had to shut down due to legal issues. In the same year that E-gold shut down, the Bitcoin white paper came out, so now we have the decentralized version of digital currency.
@_date: 2017-09-14 11:28:21
One of the Chinese exchanges just announced (as of the past 30 minutes) that they are stopping all trades on September 30th. You might want to watch the reaction to this first, and to see if other exchanges follow suit.
Edit: This could be a "honey badger don't care" moment, but it's hard to tell whether this is the bottom (since the news leaked over the past few weeks) or if there is more to come. You could always purchase $100 worth now, and then another $100 in a few days.
@_date: 2017-05-07 22:07:08
~~Yes - 75% for a full activation period.~~ (My mistake - 95%. I was thinking of LTC) Bitcoin's in period 13 right now, but it won't have a chance to activate until the next period (too many blocks haven't signaled in this time around).
Edit: more info here - 