@_author: theorangebanananinja
@_date: 2015-06-04 10:00:48
Lets be honest, its going to be over a year before KnC gets any significant space on the 16nm wafers at the foundry. Snapdragons and Apple CPUs followed by GPUs are top priority, KnC is nothing to TSMC.
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:46:59
Firstly, I'll say this, I'm not here to discuss my view on the US policy, 'war on drugs', its failures, legalisation etc etc. What we can both agree on is that (I really don't want to get into the distinction between pharmaceutical, 'soft', 'hard' drugs), supply, distribution and possession is largely illegal at the moment. What we consider morally right may not coincide with the legal system at the current point in time.


He made a platform for trading where, putting a conservative estimate, I'm guessing 90%+ of the trade was in illegal drugs, and 95%+ of his revenue stream arose from that. He knew perfectly what was going on, what was being traded and he was perfectly happy with taking money from that trade. In other words, at a minimum, he was complicit in the trade of illegal substances. If the feds sent him a nice, professional letter asking him to remove the drug listings do you think he would comply?


Should, should, that's a great defense. Lets base our defense of Ross on the belief that he is innocent because based on our beliefs, he is! He's guilty by state and federal law but that doesn't matter its okay! This next analogy is clearly hyperbole and extreme, but if someone kept a black slave and the Klan believed he 'should' be allowed to, and he 'shouldn't' be punished, how well do you think that'll hold up? A very large percentage, a majority in many states, support the legalisation of pot but how many do you think support the legalisation of heroin? I guarantee you, its nowhere close to a majority.
Oh and btw he didn't lay claim to the 30k BTC which was auctioned off. (Yes I do know he has a private wallet which was confiscated. Its going to be quite difficult to prove that the income from his private wallet was obtained from legal trade though. He has 174,000 bitcoins in that private wallet. Now how do you get that)


"Parrots", great ad hominem. Point out where I said he was guilty. Please point to me where I said that he attempted murder. Please. I stated that because of how theres a belief that those charges had 'gone away' because the feds 'made them up'. Now maybe they are 'trumped up' charges, maybe you're right and that its a load of shit, but they're still proceeding.
Ultimately I'm not here to discuss drug laws, your views, my views on legalisation, decriminalisation etc etc. But do you seriously think supporting Ross because you believe he created, and profited, from Silk Road helps his defense? The 'trading platform' he created and he was well aware, dealt largely in illegal drugs, which he, if he still had access to that encrypted wallet, would have profited handsomely from.
Push for change, push for reform, push for legalisation, but don't be blinded by your idolisation of Ross, and the idea that he's innocent just because of your beliefs. That's not for you or me to decide. 
@_date: 2014-12-24 08:17:01
Except I'd probably say the AUD was overvalued especially when it was trading larger than the USD
@_date: 2014-07-06 14:57:05


Okay I'm sure your imagined views on what I think of drugs or the war on drugs make you terribly sick. Point out the part in my post where I state I work for the DEA, I also work for big pharma, oh and then I ALSO work for the prison-industrial complex.
Please, don't presume that just because I'm taking a critical view into things and that we have differing view points that I'm a rabid homophobic, god-fearing, extreme right, power-crazed republican neocon warlord.
@_date: 2014-07-06 11:37:30
I'm sorry the circlejerk amongst his libertarian supporters is astounding. Let me ask, before I get down voted into oblivion, why do you support Ross? I'm willing to bet it's because of Silk Road. Without that, he would be nothing in your eyes.
Now, how could you possibly say Ross is innocent if you're supporting him because you believe he created Silk Road. It's like saying, "THIS MAN COMMITTED X, BUT FREE HIM BECAUSE IN MY EYES X IS MORALLY CORRECT! IDGAF ITS AGAINST THE LAW, ITS MORALLY CORRECT!"
Yes he deserves a fair trial. But come on, the only reason you're donating is because you presume he's guilty, you presume he's DPR and hence is a hero in your eyes and hence should be set free. You wot?
There are better things to pump your money into, such as The Innocence Project, where people are, well, ACTUALLY INNOCENT. If you want to donate to Ross please donate because you believe he's innocent, legally. By all means please donate if you want him to have a fair trial. But don't donate because you believe he's DPR and a 'hero' to you.
If Silk Road didn't get any media coverage/lasted a much shorter period of time no one would give a fuck. Oh and one more thing, yes HE WAS AND STILL IS, indicated for the whole 'hiring assasin' thing.
So please don't spread bullshit about the murder charges being a mere reputation smear with no evidence. Its not up to me to decide whether he's guilty, but the feds are dead serious about charging him for attempted murder too.
@_date: 2014-11-25 06:15:59
I'm sorry but thats just a bit munted. 90% compound inflation a year is ridiculous. 
@_date: 2014-07-27 02:18:24
Lots of ad hominem, op ignores and continues ad hominem attacks on people who disagree with his/her view; pulls a straw man and states their view is 'fucked up' or that they're 'fiends'. Downvote and move on.
This clearly belongs in not @_date: 2014-10-15 21:44:45
[Citation needed]
@_date: 2014-11-23 01:26:02
There are no 20nm consumer products from TSMC or Samsung, and Intel is having trouble with 14nm broadwell. Unless they have managed to create a 14nm foundry in a basement or have several billion dollars to invest I highly, highly doubt they have access to a 14nm foundry which can produce product by mid 2015. BFL is strong with this one.
@_date: 2015-05-31 23:42:44
Do you guys know there are fucking transcripts of this. There is hard evidence he transferred money, in fact in court he even fucking admitted that he paid them and did not deny a thing, but said it was just 'role playing'. 
Also one more thing, he's still being fucking tried for the Curtis Green attempted murder in Maryland, the government did NOT drop that charge. 
The redandwhite incident... its even on the fucking blockchain
@_date: 2015-07-20 05:15:44
That's very true, the only places that appear to offer escrow for bitcoin happens to be darknet markets
@_date: 2015-07-02 11:53:11
Lets be honest, no one is going to pay Euro for bitcoin in Greece, anyone who actually has Euro will keep it.
@_date: 2015-07-14 02:32:01
Its so strange how people think bitcoin will solve inequality. Thats fucking absurd, like any commodity there will be people with more of it, there will be people with a shitton of it. 
If bitcoin takes off and becomes a global currency what about all those left behind? Instead of fiat poor you now have crypto poor. It's the same old shit. Systems of debt will still exist. Your house will still be taken by someone or some organisation more powerful if you fail to pay. Your billionare will still exist and he will still fuck you over and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. 
Infact scratch the first statement, if bitcoin is ever going to threaten the established order its as good as dead. You saw what 5k could do. Now think about 500 mil, a small investment for any large country.
@_date: 2015-04-16 23:45:10
The awkward moment when you realise that the purchasing power of the US citizen who buys goods in the US will not change if the US dollar goes down against other major currencies.