@_author: the-oracle-
@_date: 2014-03-31 13:58:05
I wish you luck! 
Convincing business people the value of something that they can't use existing valuation mechanisms to evaluate is virtually impossible. 
 Have you had any breakthroughs yet or just a bunch of frustration?
@_date: 2014-04-07 14:00:40
Yeah screw that.  Plus, you want to use all that data and money to make a profit, then you want to charge me if I want to withdraw it?
This will ultimately just bring a bad name to it all when these guys bomb out similarly to Mt Gox.  
This needs to stay community based and open source.  
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:08:29
Indifference is the opposite of love, not hate.  If you find haters, those are the ones who believe it will work, but they just don't like it.
He doesn't think it will work.  He thinks it works like a money order.  Obviously it doesn't work like a money order. 
Case closed.
@_date: 2014-04-01 17:21:32
I'm simply not going to sell them for less than I bought them for.  You have day traders that try to capture pips, then you will have people like me that will not sell until they make money.  
My average price per bitcoin is about $650
If you could survey everyone like you just surveyed me, you'd probably have an approximate value outlook on bitcoin.  That is, assuming something crazy doesn't happen.  But as far as I'm concerned, even if the blockchain forks they will fix it.  People caught in the fork will be burned, perhaps, but if your coins are further back in the blockchain you won't lose anything.  My point is that it would take ALOT to make me sell my bitcoins for less than $650, for example.
@_date: 2014-04-03 14:59:38
Great idea. 
@_date: 2014-03-31 14:20:16
All of those numbers you just mentioned are on the backs of real people participating in an economy.  They are abstractions of the real value, not the value itself.  People give things value.
@_date: 2014-04-07 13:26:47
You don't go broke by simply taking out a loan with a deflationary currency.   You go broke when you take out a loan *that does not account for deflation* because the currency is normally inflationary in nature.... and then later on *the normally inflationary currency begins to deflate*.  You have a big problem then!
The argument will not be if loans ocurr, but HOW they occur.  Will they still occur in fiat or will they just get more expensive because of deflation?  Will this drive people to use credit less and save more?  Will this drive more long term thinking and eliminate the "now now now" mentality that we have as a result of inflation?
Will I use bitcoin to receive my salary, keep my savings, make day-to-day purchases (since minor inflation/deflation are not factors there) and simply pay my loans and taxes in fiat?
Bitcoin will see *hyperdeflation* in the beginning, but as adoption plateaus so will deflation plateau.  It will be muted and predictable.  So, I think the above " receive my salary, keep my savings, make day-to-day purchases  in bitcoin" is a valid POTENTIAL future scenario. 
 The question we have to ask is - if fiat is only good for loans and taxes... will it stick around?  It might hyperinflate itself out of existence before being redenominated and becoming useful again.
