@_author: theorgy
@_date: 2011-10-20 02:09:59
Excuse me, but I looked at FPGA mining, and it's no viable alternative to GPU mining right now. FPGA miners are much more power efficient, but FPGAs are also damn expensive. Right now I can get a cheap HD5830 for EUR100, and according to  that gives me 260 MH/s. 
An FPGA miner on a Spartan 6 can run about 100 MH/s at a fraction the required power (about 30W, but hard to tell the exact value without testing due to the nature of FPGAs), but a Spartan 6 board also costs about $200.
There is also almost no used market for these boards in any volume, while I can get cheap, old HD5830s and compatible PC hardware off ebay in large quantities. Custom boards housing FPGAs might reduce the price a bit by eliminating features, but are only viable in truly huge numbers (several thousand units at least, meaning an investment in the 6-figure USD range)
It will be a very long time indeed before I make that investment back (in fact at current rates I'll never make it back at all).
tl;dr: FPGAs require a huge new investment and will still not yield a profit. Reduced mining activity will still hurt the network, including the security vulnerability it opens through someone outpacing the network.
So yes, the USD/BTC rate (or EUR/BTC rate) is still vitally important for the overall health of the system.
@_date: 2011-10-19 16:39:41
[Double post I didn't notice for hours, see  ]
@_date: 2011-10-19 16:40:14
Disclaimer: This is based on my understanding of the BTC whitepaper. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Most people don't get free power or free hardware. Those things have to be bought for conventional currency. Mining gives bitcoins, at a certain rate determined by computing power. At a certain point in BTC value, mining becomes a loss. (Personal anecdote: All my friends who used to mine BTC for profit during the high times stopped over the last two months since it was losing them quite a bit of money)
Mining however is not just the act of generating new bitcoins. That is only a side effect. The main purpose of mining is to run the cryptographic chain of work that makes transactions possible. If if these computations stop, Bitcoin stops working. Now since there is a finite number of coins, mining will eventually stop. The idea was that by the time this happens, there would be a "service industry" that makes money from fees on transactions etc. and uses that money to run the underlying hardware out of self-interest (to keep transactions running and money flowing).
However as far as I can tell, no such infrastructure has been established yet, meaning that mining is still of vital importance.
tl;dr: At too few USD/BTC, mining becomes unprofitable. If mining stops on a large enough scale without an adequate replacement, bitcoin stops working.