@_author: thepoetsatoshi
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:12:33
To avoid an outlier moving the needle too much, the average reported values would be used for the past n blocks, balancing mempool turnover vs. acceptable block propagation time. Then add a certain margin to handle reasonable spikes until the next adjustment.
It would seem that an algorithm balancing the 2 main factors (tx backlog and propagation time to avoid centralization) would take the politics out of this once and for all...
Surely, there must be good reasons this isn't a good idea?
@_date: 2015-12-20 12:20:54
Yep, this! Evolution for the win!
Also, Pieter might have meant it in the spirit of the title of this thread, in which a bitcoin proposal == code proposed for adoption.
@_date: 2015-12-14 03:22:45
Can one simply download their software stack to a stock raspberry pi v1 or v2 and run it with mining turned off? 
Does that create a licensing issue, and if so do they care, or are they happy to have another developer on their ecosystem?
I also remember hearing (forgot where) about a platform that is half the cost with arguably better API... Any idea what that might have been?
@_date: 2015-12-29 19:25:23
I see what you're saying - miners as a group could "squeeze" out the non-mining validation nodes since memory, storage and connectivity are likely negligible costs to miners, while non-negligible to non-miners...
So in this type of system, nodes would need a way to vote their network conditions (e.g. observed propagation time) which would temper the max blocksize? If we had such a mechanism, would the dynamic approach be the obvious choice or are there other issues with it?
@_date: 2015-11-07 20:49:23
Like many of you, I’ve been doing a lot of pondering in recent weeks about the main challenge facing Bitcoin these days, which is positioning ourselves to strike the right balance of decentralization vs. transactional capacity.
Then I got to thinking: with the system being so elegant, how likely is it that Satoshi would have accidentally left out something so trivial as allowing scaling of the block size to keep up with rising transactions per second? Can we really imagine that Satoshi didn’t realize that an address formed with a SHA-256 hash takes up 256/8 = 32 bytes of space?
Not bloody likely.
It then suddenly struck me that this is a strategically placed hurdle, which Satoshi placed on purpose in front of us to jump over at this time in the progression of this living organism, and for which we must develop the community governance “muscles” to clear.
Forming the toolkit and process necessary to address this issue at this stage is perfect timing, since we have critical mass of adoption and the user base is still technical enough to allow a hard fork without much potential for disruption of end users in the wild during the transition.
In addition, we can think of the block size issue as equivalent to a gardener facing how much to water a plant, given that too much water could suffocate the roots and develop root rot or fungi, but then again the soil cannot be allowed to run dry.
One classic limitation to be considered in the design of all distributed systems is the capacity for inter-node communication between the far ends of the network, which depends on the bandwidth and latency characteristics of the network, equivalent to the soil medium’s characteristics in our plant analogy.
So just as if you were to entrust your gardener to add a variable amount of water to your plants if you leave for a number of years, rather than prescribing a set watering schedule, Satoshi left the sprinklers on a default and safe setting, not knowing how the soil (network) would evolve in the coming years.
So let’s forget the pejorative “small blockers” vs. “mega blockers”, or overwaterers vs. underwaterers.
We can all agree that the garden sometimes needs watering, that block size must strike a fine balance to accommodate scaling of transactions per second vs. the need for distant distributed nodes to communicate without undue burden.
Our community working through this together takes care of two birds with one stone.
@_date: 2015-11-08 12:40:44
My first goal was to accurately explain it such that this would actually work in a real book club. 
However it could probably use some simplification to get it closer to ELI5 level...
@_date: 2015-11-06 01:49:02
Apologies in advance for the dissonance between the lighthearted title and heavy subject matter.