@_author: thepenismightier642
@_date: 2018-01-17 19:59:38
Probably because in the sense of economics it’s sort of anomaly. From an economics standpoint  currencies are typically issued by a countries government, and supplies are controlled by a central bank via discount rates. This isn’t the case, so classifying it as a currency is a bit of a stretch. In the typical sense of a currency, these digital currencies are a solution to a problem that doesn’t really exist. I can already send digital payments via Apple Pay, PayPal, square cash, etc. I can go to a bank and withdraw physical dollars, and exchange it for goods or services. The dollar I get paid in is a very stable medium of exchange, had I negotiated a job 1 month ago with a payment based on bitcoin, my buying power would have been cut in half, and I most likely would not be able to pay my bills this month, with the dollar, you generally see swings of 2-4% a year. Furthermore when I put my dollar in a bank, I am guaranteed by the federal government that it will be there tomorrow, and every day after that. Judging by some of the threads I’ve seen here, that doesn’t seem to be the case. From a payment perspective, there is no incentive for a business owner to accept bitcoin over the dollar. As as a business owner processing a transaction will cost me anywhere from 0-3%, and I know the transaction is processed securely. If there is an error in a transaction, a simple phone call can get things squared away. Converting my accounts receivables from a crypto currency poses 3 major risks to my business. The first is the security and timeliness of the transactions, that is a major stumbling block, sure transaction times can be improved, but that’s already been solved by the current economic system we have in place. The second is the fluctuations in he value of the currency. Had I bought $10k of goods to sell a month ago on credit, I would only have $5k in today’s dollars to pay back those debts. Now as a business owner I would either have to take a loss, or double my prices to take care of this issue, neither of which are in the best interest of my business or my customers. The last point relates strongly with the third and final point, price stability. With massive fluctuations in the price of these new coins, prices would need to be updated daily, if not hourly to keep up with the exchange rate, this is an unnecessarily arduous task, and could simply be avoided by accepting the US dollar instead.
From an investment standpoint, it’s hard to really see how these coins fit into the investment world. A standard asset usually has some sort of value assigned to it based on an underlying value such as future earnings or yields. These coins have no such way to be valued, and todays markets are entirely speculative. The largest risk is the security of the investment. Many people who own these coins praise them for being decentralized and unregulated. While in theory it sounds good, there are no guarantees of my investment. When I buy a share of JPM in an investment account, the SIPC guarantees that I own that share of stock. Furthermore organizations such as FINRA and the SEC provide oversight to make sure all investment firms are in compliance, and protect an individuals investments.
While many praise the new digital currencies for being innovative, I feel that they have no competitive niche in today’s markets. The overall “mining” of more currency diluted existing holders equity, also with the introduction of a new cryptocurrency daily, the value of each currency slowly eroded and the market becomes more saturated.
It is no mystery why the economics sub didn’t show interest in your bitcoin post. Perhaps you should repost in a sub that deals more with human psychology, after all it is the human emotions of fear and greed that are driving these markets, not the typical economic forces.
@_date: 2018-01-17 05:04:19
Damn dude, that sucks.
Almost as bad as the post where you helped your parents buy in a month ago when shitcoin was at its all time high.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:03:02
You’re confusing $ with %.
They aren’t equal.
A common mistake new investors make is focusing on $ and not %.
$ tell us nothing if someone says “I made $50k by investing in that company”
“I made 4%” tells the entire story.