@_author: thephwner
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:21:09
What's happening this morning needed to happen. Anyone paying attention pulled their hardware long ago and if you are half-awake you see the manipulation behind the GHS market - 10 week high this morning.
CEX f**cked the dog and the dog bit back. Good.
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:58:40
Um Multipool.us uses CEX as their Bitcoin pool. So using Multipool over CEX is still using CEX but with a 1.5% fee.
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:21:53
And if you're whining that the community didn't explain to you sooner why not to mine there you clearly weren't paying attention to anything but quick blocks at Ghash like a crypto smack addict.
@_date: 2014-04-24 23:50:14
My thoughts exactly!
@_date: 2014-06-14 16:25:53
What's happening this morning needed to happen. Anyone paying attention pulled their hardware long ago and if you are half-awake you see the manipulation behind the GHS market - 10 week high this morning.
CEX f**cked the dog and the dog bit back. And don't whine that the community didn't explain to you sooner why not to mine there; you clearly weren't paying attention to anything but quick blocks at Ghash like a crypto smack addict. You didn't pay attention to Blockchain stats, you never bothered to try a more traditional pool, the idea that a payout would take more than 4 hours became anathema.
Well here we are.
@_date: 2014-04-12 20:04:00
There certainly are coins that confirm a hell of a lot faster. I've used some of them to pay for web hosting, U2's, duck eggs, etc. You all seem to be forgetting that what the average person thinks of Bitcoin right now is based on what they hear in the news - hacks, price drops, China bans, etc.
And what's in the news about Doge? Fun, charity, etc. 
All of your reasoning may be technically correct. But the average person getting info on cryptos from the TV doesn't give half a f00k about any of that. They just know that TV says Bitcoin is full of problems and Dogecoin is fun and contributes to charity.
@_date: 2014-04-12 18:51:51
Actually some of the altcoins with dumb names have INSTANT transactions and confirmations, which offers some significant advantages over say, Bitcoin. Agreed, a lot of the altcoins are pure crap and nothing but multipool fodder, but there's certainly room in the space for a few more than Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-04-12 20:01:52
Never said it had anything to do with security - it's more about convenience. If I run a business and I take crypto, I want the instant confirmations on both ends. You guys are all so deep in the technical Bitcoin BS that you fail to think about what the average consumer would want in a currency for their convenience and daily use. Most of what's being discussed here doesn't mean jack shit to an average consumer that's looking for an alternative to fiat transactions.
And security? How many times have Bitcoin wallets been hacked, to an epic degree? Gox? Silk Road  And the list goes on. If you're gonna decry other coins because they don't provide security look at the track record of Bitcoin with that. And yeah its individuals that did this but they did it because they could - because of Bitcoin's security flaws and the failure of orgs like Gox and Silk Road to take adequate security measures, knowing the flaws exist.
No one is going to deny that Bitcoin is currently the largest and most accepted. But you're all fools if you think you can just keep mining the last few blocks and cling to your SHA-256 relic while all other current and future coins fall away and leave Bitcoin king.
@_date: 2014-04-13 13:05:07
But it's still going to be at least partially tried in the court of public opinion, and no matter how technically correct you are, BTC will have the blemish of recent events. My real point I guess, is that for long and I mean LONG term viability, you need true widespread adoption and things like Gox, CoinEx, etc. getting the press that they do pose serious problems. Such that making security a selling point is only going to conjure the one reference most people have which is again Gox and stuff like it. 
Whether it makes sense, whether any of the altcoins are inferior, superior, or otherwise, they will see an uptick in adoption because of these concerns, real or perceived. For those people, they can't see a difference between security of the network and security related to bad, Gox-like decision making. It's all the same in their eyes. And I know this largely technical audience understands that as I am sure you've all tried to explain technical things to non-technical people.
@_date: 2016-01-16 00:59:50
A bit. The Cryptsy thing really sucks. Granted I didn't lose much because I don't use exchanges to store coins, but the Bitcoin space is becoming pretty gross. I don't think Bitcoin will ever "die" but there's very little legitimate use for it these days and the general public doesn't seem to be lapping it up.
@_date: 2016-01-16 01:02:32
LOL yes I understand that. And if we get to a point where there's nowhere legitimate to exchange or spend them then why do I need them?
@_date: 2016-01-16 00:52:52
It's not dead, it's just one day closer to being nothing but a cesspool. Paul Vernon has now joined the ranks of folks like Mark Karpeles and Josh Garza in the Hall of Thieves and that's the REAL problem with Bitcoin. It's not like other investments where gains and losses come from market behaviors, trading, etc. It's not even like gambling. It's a constant struggle to protect your Bitcoins from thieves. It doesn't matter if you avoid obvious HYIPs and Ponzis. It doesn't matter if you only use "legitimate, registered businesses" or if you only invest in A-rated, verified borrowers in lending platforms. What it comes down to is that Bitcoin sucks because there's too many thieves. That's what is always going to be the issue. People would never try to be farmers if in there was a real threat that in the middle of the night someone would come steal all your crops. You know you have to worry about weather, pests, blight, animals, market prices, etc., but with the added layer of constantly wondering if you're just going to see holes next time you look at your field, you'd bail in about 4 seconds. 
@_date: 2016-02-08 22:05:19
Could have been a BitPay issue given how long it's taking Tx's to go through these days. Don't get me wrong, I'd do exactly what you're doing, sayonara Gyft.
@_date: 2016-02-25 00:29:35
He's gone silent along with the rest of the Cryptsy insiders, consistent with advice of counsel is my bet. I'd be opposed to anything spearheaded by Marshall too... it's not a coincidence that he used one of his companies to back Garza's XPY fiasco, then somehow placed himself in a key role with Cryptsy. You don't just happen into two of the largest crypto scams on record.