@_author: thepowellmemo1984
@_date: 2019-06-11 16:10:37


This makes zero sense. If I opt not to pay taxes and then my house starts burning down, they say “we’ll pay us now or we let it burn”? That’s the situation I am asking about and it’s to illustrate the larger point that this libertarian wet dream of privatized everything is insane. 
And yes we pay tolls for some roads that were built specifically to create faster routes. If you had to pay tolls on every single road you drove on, that is one of the most regressive taxes you could ask for, disproportionately affecting the poor since each toll is a larger percentage of their income than it is for someone who makes millions a year. 
Economics isn’t simple, but it’s not hard to see how absolutely insane a purely libertarian system would be.


If only we had a central authority that derived its power from the masses that could protect them from disproportionate power being illegally levied. 
Oh wait, that’s called a government. 
This solution is two steps backwards from where we are now and I hope it never makes its way past the Reddit comment section.
@_date: 2019-06-11 16:31:57


Wow. And if they aren’t supported “voluntarily bc they like the have them around”?
They die. Those poor people die. 
It’s fucking insane that you think we should be at the whims of the wealthy and not allowed to carve out our own path by providing equal opportunity to those who seek it. 
Have a good one.
@_date: 2019-06-11 17:02:58
Yeah actually a lot of them [die, even with charity and the actual social programs we have]( This is called “reality”. 
So to put it in terms you’ll understand, for every “ton” of people who are clothed by charity, “multiple tons” are left unclothed and unfed, and eventually die. 
So show me the data that says that charity will cover the gaps that currently exist and would be created by your libertarian dystopia and I’ll reign in my “self-righteousness” which most people would just refer to as “rational compassion” - since letting children die of malnutrition and poverty isn’t part of my ideal social construct.
@_date: 2019-06-11 18:15:11
Go live in Somalia then. That’s about as far away as you need to go to get away from the rest of the civilized world that understands cooperation. 
Frankly, you and people like you are a harm to organized society. You take and take and when asked to participate in the funding of the public welfare (which you directly benefit from as a result of reduced crime), you cry that it’s violent coercion. 
You don’t have to listen to me, nor value the things that i do, but when someone calls you a callous sociopath, they’re not being hyperbolic. 
You’re implicitly advocating for the unnecessary death of individuals bc you value every cent of your wealth over the general public welfare. 
My *violent* friends tell you the rules of living here, and one of those rules is paying for the services you receive, directly and indirectly. 
Because otherwise we’d be at the whims of privileged wealth, living high above the consequences of their preferred policies- specifically: rugged darwinism amongst the Poors.
@_date: 2019-06-11 16:37:17
Exactly this. 
Thankful you chimed in bc I was feeling really uncomforable with the level of discourse here. I know we have a lot of libertarians (read:Anarcho-Capitalists) in this sub but holy hot damn, the number of replies I see supporting pay-or-suffer policies is beyond alarming.
@_date: 2019-06-11 15:45:42
So how do you prevent people from using the roads or other public infrastructure? 
Or is everything privatized and tolled? 
Do you have to pay the fire department when they come to your burning house?
Do they let it burn until it catches a taxpayer’s house on fire? 
This system has so many holes.
@_date: 2019-06-11 16:28:08
So answer the second part then?
What happens when a non-taxpayer’s fire is threatening multiple other houses? Do their taxes mean that they let my house burn while the rest get fought against? What if that threatens the lives of the firefighters who need to get close enough to save your tax-covered house? What if there’s a taxpayer inside who was sleeping over that night? 
“Infinitely better” is not the phrase I’d use to describe a system that requires firefighters to make that determination and not just ya know, fight fires. 
Privatization is moronic and this is only ONE example of the failures of this “infinitely better system”
You also don’t seem to understand the nuances of why taxes exist in the first place and how many public services they actually provide. Underfunding is an issue and unless you want people to abandon your state when the taxes they pay don’t provide the quality of service they want, I don’t see how this is any different from people moving out of Alabama bc it’s school systems are 50th in the nation while it’s taxes are at bedrock. 
Some people actually like parks and other publicly funded things that have no profit incentive. They’re just Public Commons.