@_author: thequackdaddy
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:03:50
Life at risk? Not so much. I don't think people are going to come and rob him for his money and reporters will lose interest.
But why would Satoshi, who was a brilliant guy but extremely rude and condescending towards others at times, come out of hiding, expose his IP address, and come out and defend a random old guy he has no relation to? 
My guess is its him. Read the Newsweek article. If I had to draw a profile of Satoshi, this guy is basically it.
@_date: 2015-02-03 03:12:19
It sort of worked in the Casey Anthony murder trial. 
As a quick refresher, Casey Anthony's infant daughter died. Anthony did not report the death for days later and made up a story about a babysitter taking the infant and absconding. 
The autopsy was unable to determine the cause of death, but suggested it was homicide based on the circumstances and the fact the body was wrapped in duct tape and a blanket. There were traces of chloroform in a trunk of Anthony's vehicle, but you couldn't really prove death by chloroform poisoning. Long story short is that the prosecution failed to prove that the child died of intentional act, only suggested that chloroform poisoning was the most likely way she died. Defense hit on this hard in the closing argument and the jury agreed. Pretty much all of them said Casey more likely than not murdered the child, but the prosecution's failure to prove that it was murder (as opposed to an accident or some other cause of death) was enough for acquittal. No proof was ever offered that it was an accident. The defense only suggested it was possible, but no witnesses testified to that.
As for instances when acquittals have come without putting on a defense, I've seen it in traffic court. Not my case (which I also won), but the case before me had a police officer testifying that the posted speed in the area was 30 mph. The defendant, during cross examination of the officer, showed pictures of a 35 mph speed limit. After the officer left the witness stand, the prosecution rested and the Judge halted the trial, had a bench conference, brought the jury back in, and announced that in her view the prosecution could not win, so there was no point in hearing a defense. 