@_author: thereal_mrscatman
@_date: 2019-08-03 01:10:07
some rough BACK OF THE ENVELOPE numbers...
At 76e.. half would be 38e.   Let's assume you rent existing hash (and don't add new hash into the system).
Let's say an S9 miner gets you 14T.
14 Terahash  = 0.000014 Exohash
That's about 2.7 million S9s to get to your needed 38e.
Let's say they run at  1350 watts per s9..  that is 3.664285714 GIGAWATTS, or over 2 times what it takes to send Marty back to the Future!
US avg cost per kilowatt hr is around 13.3 cents/watt hour.   Just under 12 million / day in electricity and about 503 million for 43 days.
That doesn't include the cost to buy (or rent) the machines.   If you bought each one used for $600 usd  w/ power converters you'd be looking at 1.6Billion in capital costs.   Then you'd need a place to put them.. which is why I mentioned at the start -- let's just assume you rent existing hash!
Good luck.  :)
@_date: 2019-08-03 02:14:57
The hard part would be procuring that much hardware.    It is most likely in this hypothetical that new machines would be needed (that much horsepower wouldn't be available to rent).  While new machines would be more efficient... they would cost more up front.    The start-up hard costs of new hardware, facility costs, labor, etc... would push the number easily into the multi-Billions.    Still relatively low compared to national military budgets (as you pointed out).
@_date: 2017-11-22 04:28:29
The block increase was in the works for 3+ yrs.  Previous attempts were "attacked" and pitched as "hostile".   Blockstream won the PR and political battle and silenced alternatives.  Foundational Bitcoiners were ran out of town and demonized.  "Contentious" is a buzzword used by BTC hodl'ers (pushed down from the overlords) as oft as a suited executive playing the  'in-the-cloud' and 'big-data' cards at a board meeting.   (God bless these low hanging fruit grabbers.  To each their own)  It is now as it was then but this time more are wise to it.  The BTC body count ratio is dwindling, blockstream lost control of the masses and they no longer can silence dissenting voices.
    
BCH is in the wild (made it out of the viper's pit) and BTC is just going to have to beat it the old-fashioned way.  (as you seem to acquiesce to in your post).   If they (BTC) can't – I'd expect continued cries, whines of foul-play and regurgitated talking points that even a US politician would tire of repeating.  BTC lost the brand edge since they went ALT w/ Segwit.   BCH isn't ALT segwit. BCH can market itself as the original OG Bitcoin.  To have a chance of survival BTC has to go the path of Cobra (he is right); deny Satoshi and declare the new path is the way.   Double down with the non-original-Bitcoin.  We shall see if the blockstream wallstreet hedge fund sidechained incorporated bloated tether pumped Liquid driven goat is up to the task.  If history is any indicator, the types of people who now control BTC usually don't go away without a scorched earth fight.   You have a good chance of Hggggghanging around [say it like Teddy KGB from Rounders], for a while.
@_date: 2017-11-22 04:06:08
It would be refreshing to see an original thought come from this space.   I read reddit posts that start with "I think" and then they just regurgitate someone else's talking points!   This is beyond boring.    
    
Is there anything NEW not being parroted?  Make some memes.  Make us laugh.  Do some actual research of your own.  Put in the WORK.   This drama-queen middle-school gossip play-the-victim bit is old and very tired and it is pathetic to many who are watching.
    
@_date: 2019-04-18 04:22:16
but you didn't check who made the forgery.   Classic lateral thinking blunder by the propeller heads.
@_date: 2019-04-24 08:35:02
I typically don't deal in "if" data points until they are real  (unless by analysis of an if I'm able to rule out possibilities because all potential outcomes of the if still lead to elimination .. (think minesweeper)).    If proven to be real this particular data point would become a key data point which all "alive" models must be able to explain.  All those that cannot explain it are significantly less likely and become out of focus.
I can think of no less than 4 models, off the top of my head, which would accommodate it.   Not suggesting those are 'good' or 'bad'.   Yet again, I say, until the data point becomes a data point  (your hypothetical if)...  I don't waste my hash power on an orphan chain.