@_author: theregularhexahedron
@_date: 2013-04-12 01:59:18
I don't think that investors did anything *wrong*. But it's only human to feel bad for someone who got wiped out, and might now struggle financially for a long time, even if it's their own fault.
@_date: 2013-04-05 13:09:12
I think this is a good thing. If 51% of all bitcoin miners think a dude is so evil he deserves to have his money frozen, isn't it nice that there's a way of doing so? I kind of like the idea of a mob being able to take down a dictator or warlord's funds. It might lead to a new type of citizen justice, where bitcoin miners as a whole decide who to punish. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 13:41:58
Yeah, but I don't think their investment entitles them to 11/21 of the world's assets. Or even a much smaller percentage than that. Bill Gates only made a few tens of billions off of Windows, he didn't get to own 50% of all businesses that began using it. If he did demand that (like bitcoin does effectively) competitors would come along and offer a cheaper alternative.
You can get all the advantages of bitcoin without paying a bunch of random people billions of dollars, and society will eventually do that by introducing a competitor (and not just a semi-clone like litecoin). The competitor will either have steadier mining, or have the backing of a big corporation or government. But either way, Bitcoin as structured simply can't grow endlessly, simply because it's not in society's interest to pay bitcoin holders that much. It would effectively make a small group of people our new plutocrat overlords, which isn't in the public good.
@_date: 2013-04-12 18:38:39
It's not a matter of currency being infinitely divisible. That's a nice feature to have for smaller transactions, but it doesn't change the fact that bitcoin is deflationary.
Deflation isn't bad because it makes it hard to break change. It's bad because it discourages spending, encourages hoarding, makes it hard to take out loans for your business, etc.
@_date: 2013-04-07 08:06:50
The difference is that money in a bank account is being loaned out to people, who are hopefully doing something productive with it. The loan allows that person to earn money, which allows them to repay the bank with interest, and your interest is a tiny share of the bank's profit.
A bitcoin sitting in a wallet isn't doing anything. It's just removed from the economy until its spent.
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:24:38
So now you're a bitcoin thousandaire?
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:44:58
Which by the way has not been a good idea:
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:10:21
Lottery winners are rich, but again, they still only have a teeny tiny percentage of global wealth. Nothing like 11/21 of al money.
@_date: 2013-04-02 17:08:03
True, a 1950s millionaire was rich rich, while a 2013 millionaire is merely rich. But a million bucks today can still by you lifelong security if you live frugally off it. I certainly wouldn't be unhappy if I had merely one million dollars.
@_date: 2013-04-14 08:50:06
I think country A would still take bitcoins from country B, but not any on the tainted list. So people in country B would value untainted coins more highly.
Since each country has its own set of laws, I could see a situation where different countries issue their own lists of tainted coins. Some coins might be legal in certain countries but illegal in others.
However even if the coin is legal in your own country, the fact that it's restricted elsewhere will drive down the value. If you're in Europe and the U.S. bans a coin, that means you can't use it with any U.S. merchants, or give it to anybody who wants to buy things from the U.S., greatly reducing its value.
I think a coin tainted by a major country would lose most if not all of its value. If the U.S. or EU banned a coin, I think it's pretty much worthless, since those are economic powerhouses and not being able to operate there makes the coin a lot less useful. What would be interesting is seeing what would happen if a less powerful country tainted a coin. For example, let's say a coin was illegal in just New Zealand. Would that also eliminate its value? Just reduce it somewhat? It's hard to say.
I wonder whether tainted coins would be used as a secondary set of less valuable currencies, with an exchange rate relative to untainted bitcoins, and coins tainted by other countries, or whether they would just become entirely worthless.
For example, imagine a scenario where coins tainted by the U.S. are worth 0.03 clean coins, coins tainted by Edcuador are worth 0.94 clean coins, coins tainted by england are worth 0.12 bitcoins, etc. Those numbers are just pulled out of thin air, but it makes sense that the more economically powerful the country doing the tainting, the less valuable the coin would bitcoin. And all countries above a certain threshold of power might render it valueless.
@_date: 2013-04-13 05:10:28
There's a great deal of historical evidence that economies do quite bad when their currency is inflating. Actually, right now Japan is trying to stop their own currency from deflating and escape an "economic death spiral". They just announced new anti-deflation measures a few days ago.
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:35:53
If the other is gaining value at a faster rate, why not?
@_date: 2013-04-09 06:03:34
I somehow doubt it. Bitcoin's value is based entirely on trust. If people become worried it'll be less trusted because of a competitor, that alone could cause a downward spiral.
If Amazon entered the market tomorrow with it's own cryptocurrency, and threw a few hundred million dollars behind getting it widely accepted and promoted, bitcoin's value would tank in a day.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:31:37
There's a difference between rich and owning the majority of the monetary supply. Bill Gates is rich. Sergey Brin is rich. But they only have a few tens of billions of dollars. They don't get to claim a huge percentage of the profit earned by the total applications of the technologies they pioneered.
@_date: 2013-04-08 13:07:05
Bitcoin's supply is absolutely artificial. Usually high demand increases supply, because people are incentivized to produce more of the good. Bitcoin has been compared to gold, but gold mines didn't dry up in 3 years. They've been mined for centuries and are still mined today. Gold didn't favor the early adopters to the extent that Bitcoin does. Bitcoin can still be mined for another century, but at a dwindling rate, unlike say oil or gold where technological advances might allow us to extract more and keep the price from skyrocketing.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:14:10
It doesn't matter whether a person becomes directly involved in bitcoin or not. Assigning billions or trillionaires of dollars of wealth to a small segment of the population means those people can pay more for everything, outbidding everyone else, and taking away goods/services they need.
For example, let's say there's one early bitcoin investor that would hypothetically end up with the equivalent $500 billion dollars. They could hire all the construction workers to build themselves palaces, while people who need to build homes or stores can't afford it now.
That's a problem with extreme wealth in general, but bitcoin would concentrate it even more.
@_date: 2013-04-05 13:36:01
I think Kim Jong-un just downvoted me :(
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:11:54
This is why the investors that made bank selling at 200+ should at least feel a little guilty, as they enjoy their wealth.
In any bubble the success of the lucky investors is mirrored by the failure of those that bought in too high and sold too late. This whole price bubble over the past few weeks didn't create any wealth, it just transferred it from some people to different people.
@_date: 2013-04-12 19:04:40
Gold is still being mined, as it has been for thousands of years, and nobody knows how much of it is left. The supply on the market is still expanding, and will continue to expand long after the last bitcoin is mined.
@_date: 2013-04-07 20:14:33
People with bitcoins right now are still early adopters. If you have 1 bitcoin and believe it will take over as the global currency, that's assuming you're someday going to possess 1/21 millionth of the global monetary supply (higher actually if you count lost coins).
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:13:46
Not everyone is trying to hide from the law. And as long as a country doesn't overprint it's currency, you can negate inflation by investing. Bitcoin's anonymity is a pretty big advantage, but I'd rather have FDIC insurance. And I'm pretty sure if the whole system crashes and burns, my Internet access will be the first to go anyway.
@_date: 2013-05-06 12:58:13
Cryptofiat. Imagine if a country issued a couple billion of their currency in crypto form for peer to peer transactions. You'd get inflation true, but a stable price and wide acceptance would make up for that. It wouldn't be an investment like bitcoin is for many people, just a way of exchanging money while avoiding credit cards and paypal.
Note that this doesn't mean a country would have to switch to crypto entirely. They could still issue most of their currency as it is now, with small complimentary crypto supply for online sales. The amount of crypto could be grown over time to meet demand.
@_date: 2013-04-05 03:18:42
I think people would view the government P2P money network just as an alternative to paypal/credit card, allowing new types of electronic transfers.
@_date: 2013-04-12 06:48:05
Its not just the shape of the graph, it's the time frame. Big changes over years is not as bizarre and unhealthy as big changes over hours.
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:24:04
Even a few thousand out of 21 million is an enormous percentage, if the 21 million is the global supply of a currency. I think people underestimate how much wealth that is. We're not talking Bill Gatesrich, but Pharoah rich.
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:47:40
Even 1,000 is huge. If the 21 million bitcoins became equal in value to the total number of USD dollars in the world, 1,000 bitcoins would be equal to *multiple* Bill Gates.
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:39:46
My point isn't that bitcoin has no value. It clearly does. It's just that in terms of universal adoption, bitcoin is designed to favor early adopters way over everyone else. It's not in the interests of the late comers to buy into the bitcoin system.
Other start ups that take off (Google, Microsoft, etc.) may earn their founders extreme wealth, but they also give back to the world more than they take. It doesn't cost you anything to use Google. Microsoft sells you programs for a one time fee, and then you can use them over and over. Bitcoin is demanding too much for the good it provides. If Tim Berners Lee demanded as much to let people on the World Wide Web people would have created a competing network with a more reasonable fee.
@_date: 2013-04-12 15:54:51
I think P2P cryptocurrency will be big, but that bitcoin is doomed to be a speculation bubble machine due to the arbitrary and steep deflation built into the currency. I don't think there's ever been a successful currency with a fixed number of coins that cannot be expanded, or slows production down at an exponential rate. Even gold/silver is still being mined and having its supply increased today, and 50% of the gold on Earth wasn't mined in the first four years after humanity discovered it.
I suspect that in the future we'll see both backed cryptocurrency (cryptofiat, cryptostock, cryptobonds) and decentralized *inflationary* cryptocurrency, that can be mined permanently and designed to lose 1-4% of its value each year, to prevent wild swings in value like we've just seen. People could use the inflationary cryptocurrency as currency, and avoid inflation by parking their assets in cryptostock of companies they trust to grow in value.
@_date: 2013-04-09 18:41:09
I'm not sure what the ideal distribution would be, but it certainly wouldn't be so pyramid based in nature. Why give out 11/21ths of the currency in just a few years? If bitcoin truly was interested in long term stability, instead of speculation, Satoshi could have made a payment schedule that played out at a steady rate over a century. Or one that never stopped generating coins at a predictable rate, and relied on demand for the currency to prevent inflation.
Bitcoin's main problem is that it's trying to attain value through rarity, when it should be achieving rarity through value. A currency can expand in supply and keep its value through popularity of use. It would prevent the hoarding that'll steadily choke the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:49:32
If you're going to convert immediately, why accept bitcoin anyway? 
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:06:45
That's just an example. Feel free to substitute any minor disagreement instead of buses.
@_date: 2013-04-05 21:56:54
Bitcoin is overvalued. Cryptocurrency is an amazing world changing technology, but bitcoin's price is based on the assumption that it will become universally adopted and reign as the world's dominant cryptocurrency, and in the process the price will rise until it equals the value of the global money supply it overthrows. It assumes there will be no other cryptocurrencies with more market share.
I think what's more likely is that governments will start to issue crypto versions of their own fiat currency. Cryptofiat will have all of the pros and cons of fiat (such as inflation), but also have the cheap peer to peer transactions and transferability bitcoin has.
Ultimately, I think bitcoin will be the gold of cryptocurrency. The crypto government can't create or control, for those scared of inflation or seizure. But cryptocurrency will be another technology used by many people, in many different currencies, and they'll all coexist.
@_date: 2013-04-08 22:39:16
I'm curious how your society would handle small disagreements. Group A wants to paint the buses green. Group B wants them to be purple. So they fork off, then show up at the bus depot with brushes. Do they each paint half the buses? Battle to the death? How do you resolve small differences not worth going to war over?
@_date: 2013-04-21 00:04:17
If I had any significant amount of money in bitcoins, I would have a separate computer just for bitcoin transactions and never use it for anything else, and I would leave it powered off when not in use.
@_date: 2013-04-08 13:38:33
I haven't read too much on mintchip yet. I don't know if it's decentralized or not. But yeah, that kind of stuff will star to compete.
@_date: 2013-04-07 02:57:38
The difference is that stock holders get a percentage of a company, not a percentage of money as a whole. Sergey Brin is worth 20 billion dollars, a lot for one person, but pretty small compared to the overall economy.
Imagine if Tim Berners Lee and other early users of the web got a royalty of 50% of all online business. Or if the original 13 states in the U.S.A. got 50% of the Senators in Congress. Satoshi is kind of doing the same thing by giving out 50% of the currency to early miners. For a system to truly grow and become universal it should be good to join at any point, not just early on.
Right now bitcoin gains its value from the community built up to use it. But that community is actually still rather small, so the dollar value isn't that huge. For the world as a whole, it would actually be cheaper to give up the advantages of bitcoin's already built community, and design a new more equitable cryptocurrency from scratch. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:27:01
Forget early adopters. Even the current holders are still a very small part of the global population. All put together they might equal the populace of a small city. For them to claim 11/21 of future monetary supply would be a huge redistribution of wealth.
Imagine if society decided to restructure itself to give 50% of all the money to the population of Minneapolis. It would make them insanely rich and everyone else their peons.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:24:13
Depends whether it's regulated/centralized or deregulated/decentralized.
If it's centralized I'd have it backed by fiat/bonds/stocks/assets, with the cryptocurrency basically serving as a tradeable token.
If it's decentralized like bitcoin I'd just have an unlimited mining period that doesn't slow, so the currency can expand infinitely but have a fixed production rate. Demand for the currency might still cause deflation, the same way gold goes up in value despite the fact it's still being mined.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:13:58
You should cash out at least a little bit into fiat/gold, just as a hedge against a possible drop. The price might go up further, but if it sharply drops you want to have some money set aside.
@_date: 2013-03-31 02:39:04
I think a major corporation could take down Bitcoin, or at least pose as a serious competitor. Imagine if a group of large corporations (Google, Amazon, Facebook, eBay, Valve, etc.) released their own decentralized anonymous currency, but with the promise that they'd honor it at a minimum rate in USD. They could mine a lot of coins for themselves before releasing it to the public, and get a huge profit out of it. And people would flock to it instead of bitcoin because of that assurance of value from these huge organizations. And since it would still be tradeable between third parties, eventually it would outgrow those corporate sponsors as to not gain its value entirely from their acceptance.
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:08:43
Yeah, but those are just currencies made by some random dudes on the internet. I'm talking about a crypto with serious financial backing. If even just Amazon got behind a cryptocurrency it could easily outstrip bitcoin. If a large consortium of businesses did it would be nearly unstoppable.
@_date: 2013-04-04 15:13:14
Remember, it doesn't have to be the U.S. that issues the cryptofiat. If any trusted country issues cryptofiat, the whole world could use it. If the United States doesn't do it another country will.
@_date: 2013-03-31 05:58:09
Well, that depends if you think bitcoin is comparable TCP/IP. There's no real reason to compete with it, since everyone wants a unified web and there's not much profit to be had in splitting off your own. It's like coming up with your own numerals instead of using 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0. You could do it, but there's not really any profit in it and it's more trouble than it's worth.
There are a lot of reasons to set up a competing currency on the other hand, and I don't think bitcoin is a perfect technology that can never be improved upon or outdone. Eventually someone will build on these ideas and create something even better. Bitcoins early market advantage might keep it around, but I don't think it's realistic to think that cryptocurrency technology both starts and stops with bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:10:46
Not to mention people in different time zones, people still asleep or just waking up, etc.
It's 8:09am in China right now. A lot of Asia has probably been asleep during the whole crash today and will be deciding what to do in the next couple hours.
@_date: 2013-05-07 00:47:55
I imagine most currency would not be crypto, just a few billion for certain online transactions.
@_date: 2013-04-05 16:10:30
Is it tyranny if the majority of people consider it evil? That sounds more like democracy.
I think the analogy would be, let's say there's a gold mining town . All the miners discover one of them is doing something horrendously evil. So they show up at his house with pitchforks and torches and seize his gold.
@_date: 2013-04-08 13:03:14
Well, I don't think it's about hate. I think it's about a profoundly unfair system.
Bitcoin is designed to concentrate wealth in the hands of people who used it in the first few years. 11/21 of all bitcoins currently exist and are in the hands of relatively few people. It's trying to dangle this amazing invention,  cryptocurrency, in front of our faces, but then demand a huge chunk of the global economy in exchange for it. Why should the rest of the world buy into this system instead of making its own cryptocurrency? Why would everyone else want to give up 11/21 of its assets? Or even half or a quarter of that? What other invention demanded that huge a payment from society for its use?
@_date: 2013-04-08 19:15:27
You should cash out a large portion of that immediately. You don't want to have so much tied up in a risky investment. Bitcoin could go up further, it could drop to nothing. Either way you should take out enough USD to keep you housed for the next few months. Never invest more than you can afford to lose!
@_date: 2013-03-31 01:03:01
I somewhat suspect bitcoin is like netscape/AOL/prodigy. It's the major player in this new technology of cryptocurrencies, the same way those services were big at the start of computing or the web. But in time competitors will inevitably arise.
Right now bitcoin's main advantage is that it was here first, and so it's more widely known and accepted than anything else. But that can potentially change if something actually superior, or with more backing came around.
Imagine if Google or Amazon made a cryptocurrency, also decentralized and not under their control, but with a massive corporation's promise to accept it for goods and services at a certain minimum rate. It'd probably overtake bitcoin in terms of users/acceptability rather quickly.
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:20:36
That's good for people with the bitcoins that went up in value, but not necessarily good for the economy as a whole. Deflation is really quite bad for an economy, it's not just free wealth creation with no downside.
@_date: 2013-04-14 07:31:56
How so? They could still accept international trade, they just wouldn't allow tainted coins to get spent.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:15:01
Tinfoil hat time: What if "DDoS attacks" on exchange services are actually just the exchanges voluntarily suspending service during panic sell-offs to prevent price dips? It's like banks closing to prevent a run on deposits.
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:05:55
Internet is doing pretty well, Pets.com and eToys are not. The parallel you could draw is that cryptocurrencies might have a pretty bright future, but that doesn't mean bitcoin necessarily does.
@_date: 2013-04-03 17:08:12
Pretty interesting article. It makes the case that bitcoin is revolutionary but flawed, and that a decentralized currency supported by banks/governments could be a much bigger game changer.
What are your thoughts?
P.S. I have no particular stake for or against bitcoin, although obviously I support a better economy with fewer middlemen and more efficiency.
@_date: 2013-04-06 06:44:45
Obviously they'll still spend *some* money. Just as not as much as they would if enterprise was a better option than savings. People spend the minimum they need to get by (plus some luxuries) instead of actually investing in new businesses.
@_date: 2013-04-11 19:44:52
It generally (if not always) causes trade to decline, since people don't want to spend money on goods and businesses don't want to invest money in making them. This reduces opportunity to make money. Sure, everybody's money is going up in value. But you're also not getting more of it. It tends to strangle any economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-11 12:52:39
Relevant XKCD: 
Although bitcoin's security flaw hasn't been in the encryption, but in the risk of someone accessing your computer or leaving a keylogger, or simply defrauding you with no legal recourse.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:07:48
Bitcoin hasn't created much wealth, only shifted it between winners and losers.
@_date: 2013-04-09 06:23:38
You can buy stuff with it, but it's not a well designed currency. Cryptocurrency is a genius invention, but a sharply deflationary currency is just a bad idea in general.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:06:15
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
Life is about more than money. If you feel upset about anything, call and talk to someone who wants to hear your problems.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:24:03
It's not about "rewarding" anyone, but about making a system that works. 
The way I understand it is that you need a certain amount of money floating around to keep industry humming. People can still escape inflation if they really want by investing in things and not keeping all their wealth tied up in cash, and that frees up the money for others to use.
@_date: 2013-04-10 03:48:19
Well, they'd have to be more expensive wouldn't they? You're also paying for a stamped chunk of metal and a hologram right?
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:04:28
SO SAY WE ALL!
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:58:10
Except the opposite is happening. People are buying and holding bitcoins just to profit from the rise in value. And those that do cash out are trying to do so as minimally as possible. Why spend money if it'll be worth twice as much next week?
If people ever did start selling bitcoins or spending them en masse the price would decline. The price is skyrocketing because people are buying up bitcoins and holding them to take advantage of the price skyrocketing. There's that popular "Spartans Hold!" meme I keep seeing on here, not "Spartans Spend!" or "Spartans Hire!"
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:28:59
I don't think it'll necessarily fall and go away entirely. Just that it won't achieve universal adoption, or remain the dominant cryptocurrency.
@_date: 2013-04-03 18:01:31
The article's point is that bitcoin's instability makes it less than ideal as a currency. But a decentralized cryptocurrency backed by governments/banks, designed to be more stable, but keeping peer to peer transactions could revolutionize payment systems, and outdo paypal/credit cards in a lot of ways.
That's not my point FYI, it's the article's. I know a major idea behind bitcoin is escaping government control, but the idea of a cryptocurrency managed by government is worth considering. Not necessarily instead of bitcoin, but perhaps in addition to it. Call it crypto-fiat. I could see a future where governments start issuing cryptofiat in order to gain some of bitcoin's advantages, while keeping some level of control over the money supply.
@_date: 2013-04-13 00:02:59
The difference is gold isn't *designed* to rapidly dwindle. It's just a resource that isn't too common. Bitcoin isn't really emulating gold since it's making a much more deflationary currency that gold ever was. Gold can also be held along with a variety of other assets, such as silver or platinum, while bitcoin adopters are not too keen with the idea of other cryptos like litecoin driving the price down.
Obviously if you think deflation is good that's a pro, not a con, but I believe deflation is not a desirable trait in a currency.
@_date: 2013-04-07 07:01:43
But you can do things to increase the supply or decrease demand for commodities. For example oil. There's a fixed supply in the ground, but through oil wells or alternative energy we can increase the amount on the market, or create other sources of power to reduce the need for it, to keep the price down.
Bitcoin is a strange mixture of fiat currency and commodity. It's limited in supply, like a commodity, but unlike a commodity people can't take steps to lower the price by increasing production of it. That's what's causing this rapid deflation, which is really great for anyone who bought bitcoin early, but really bad for bitcoin's long term prospects as a currency. Deflation seems great (free money!), but it's actually really bad in the long. It rewards not investing, not hiring, not buying. Why use your money if it'll just go up in value? It makes it harder to take out loans to start a business or buy a house, because the money you borrow becomes progressively harder and harder to repay. Deflation can also be viewed as a redistribution of wealth to those with the currency, away from those with physical products or skills to sell or different currencies. If inflation is theft by government, deflation is theft by currency holders.
@_date: 2013-04-09 20:24:06
Bitcoin isn't a technology. It's just the first widespread use of a technology. Cryptocurrency may be here to stay, but Bitcoin a lot like a social network built on a certain kind of technology. MySpace/Friendster were also pretty popular once and declined, to be replaced by Facebook/Twitter.
I think "trust" is one of those intangible human based assets like "eyeballs" website advertisers desire. The same way no one website dominates ALL eyeballs, no one currency will dominate all trust. Facebook is big, but it doesn't control all social networking. There's Twitter/Google+/Tumblr/Wordpress/Blogspot/Pinterest/etc......
That's why I'm very dubious about bitcoin's current valuation, which looks exactly like a speculative bubble. Bitcoin no doubt has some utility and value, but it's being valued as if it *is* cryptocurrency, when it's really just the first application of it. It's a bit like assuming the first social networking site will be the only one that could ever exist. "Why would people leave Friendster? Everyone they know is already there! It has too much of a head start to be replaced. You'd have to refriend everyone at a new service! Any improvements a rival service could offer could just be added onto Friendster."
@_date: 2013-04-07 03:56:33
The difference is with commodities if it gets too expensive, you find more of it elsewhere. Price of oil gets high? More wells are sunk, engineers design technology to extract deeper deposits, other technology like fracking/wind power/solar gets more investment and research. Bitcoin has an artificial scarcity designed to limit its growth, which actually isn't really that good a thing. There's a reason people gave up gold as a currency backer and switched to fiat, and it wasn't because the government wanted to steal everybody's money. It's because putting arbitrary limits on your currency supply restrains the economy.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:50:15
If a small group of people have most of the money that means they can outbid everyone else. You want to hire construction workers to build a house or a store? Sorry, the bitcoin trillionaire is hiring everyone in town to build a 20 acre marble palace.
Money isn't just free wealth that comes out of nowhere, it's a claim on society's resources. It's just how big a percentage of it you can control. If you can pay more, that erodes the purchasing power of everyone else since you can outbid them.
@_date: 2013-04-08 07:19:37
They could partner up with a few large companies like Amazon/Google/Apple/Microsoft and create their own cryptocurrency. It'd be pretty cheap for them to make a currency just as unregulated/anonymous, but much more useful, and gain all the profit for themselves instead of bitcoin's holders.
@_date: 2013-03-31 00:53:30
I think the idea of cryptocurrencies is revolutionary, and bitcoin is an early pioneer in this field. However I'm not sure if bitcoin itself will be the "currency of the future" or just the first proof of concept.
Using the popular "this is the next internet" analogy, bitcoin isn't the internet. Cryptocurrencies are the internet. Bitcoin might be like Prodigy or AOL, a way to use this new technology. Now AOL is still around, and plenty of people still use it. Prodigy doesn't really exist, at least not in the same way it did. But both have been replaced by new technology and ideas. 
It could be that in 10 or 20 years bitcoin still exists and has users, but it's the AOL to a new currency. Or it could vanish entirely. Or it could continue to thrive in its niche. Either way I don't think it'll be the world's dominant currency with each coin worth a million dollars like people hope. If bitcoin gets too successful rivals will pop up, ones with more serious backing and advantages than the existing alternatives like litecoin.
@_date: 2013-04-09 02:14:06
I think path dependence matters (that's why there's no Twitter competitor) but it affects social networks and assets differently. Social networks have no cost to the user. There's no reason to make an account with a Twitter competitor if real Twitter is still working fine. But assets are different. When an asset becomes too expensive or too limited or too tight controlled people find a substitute good (in this case a cheaper cryptocurrency). 
@_date: 2013-04-12 22:47:08
True, but gold has a much less limited mining schedule that bitcoin. 50% of gold on Earth wasn't mined in just the first few years. And they will still be mining it long after we're all long dead.
It's also worth pointing out that even gold doesn't go up infinitely in value, and actually turned out to be a pretty lousy investment in recent years:
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:42:29
True, and I'm sure bitcoin has created a little bit of wealth by facilitating trade. Bitcoin's value should be judged on the *additional* trade it's actually creating now, not the trade that would have occurred in USD anyway or its potential value in some extremely hypothetical future.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:56:46
I think there's a need for both centralized crypto, and decentralized non or minimally deflationary crypto.
Bitcoins main problem is that it wants to give 11/21ths of the currency to a tiny group of people, and is sharply deflationary. A healthy economy rewards workers/inventors, not speculators. If actually doing stuff is disincentived in favor of simply saving your money and watching it go up in value, production grinds to a halt and it becomes hard to buy anything regardless of how rich you are.
Imagine I'm a clothing factory owner. I can either buy cloth to make pants, or just save my money and wait for it to go up in value. I get richer, but no pants are made. Then the price of pants goes up in the economy, because goods get increasingly scarce. Everything becomes rarer and costlier. The rich don't get richer, they just become the only ones able to afford a dwindling amount of supplies that spirals higher in price as the currency does.
@_date: 2013-04-12 05:56:43
You don't have to spend necessarily. You could just park it in something like silver.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:09:27
True, but by that reasoning the free market *resulted* in a regulated market as a way of improving itself.
Think about it. If the free market is perfect, and will always pick the best solution, and free markets tend to transform into regulated markets (if they don't collapse under dictatorship or monopoly), couldn't that mean that a regulated market *is* the ideal free market? The free market tried out various systems, the best one succeeded and the others failed, and that's why we have capitalism with some central oversight.
@_date: 2013-04-10 19:08:43
Um, you did see the end of the movie right?
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:13:11
If enough cars crash auto insurance companies go out of business too. That's the whole point of insurance. It only covers rare events, so it doesn't need to have enough money in reserve to cover if everything goes bad at once. If just helps out in the rare cases when disaster happens.
@_date: 2013-04-08 06:44:11
I don't think just being divisible makes it ok to have a limited supply. Yeah, you can break change. That's not the problem. The problem is giving all the wealth to a small group of people.
Even gold isn't that concentrated, and you can still mine more of it today. 
@_date: 2013-04-04 16:03:40
Sure, it would have the downsides of potential inflation, as well as every other downside of fiat. But it would also have many of bitcoin's advantages. And fiat does have some advantages too.
Whether cryptofiat is good or bad can be debatable, but it's obvious that it would be better than fiat for many purposes.
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:45:02
You could theoretically build auto-taxation and anti-laundering systems into a P2P currency.
And even if a government doesn't like it, I think they would rather become part-digital than get replaced.
Plus, remember, it doesn't have to be every government. If even one stable government issues a cryptofiat the whole world can use it. The U.S. might reject issuing cryptofiat, but another country still could.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:46:35
True, but it's designed with both a fixed upper limit (21 million) and a steadily declining rate of production. Those are both deliberate attempts to cause deflation, which is not necessary and quite detrimental for a cryptocurrency or any currency.
@_date: 2013-04-05 05:15:02
I agree that bitcoin has a strong philosophical component as well as an economic one. It's one of the main draws for some people (maybe most people).
But my point isn't that a government or corporate minted crypto currency would be better, just that bitcoin's technology could be used for many different purposes. It's just something to keep in mind. Now that Satoshi developed the ability to have decentralized digital transactions everyone can harness it for their own purposes.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:33:41
You need to make a cryptocurrency that is inflationary. Bitcoin is trying to do too many things at once. It doesn't need to be a store of wealth, or an investment, but just a means of anonymous electronic exchange. A slow rate of inflation is fine as long as it's *slow*, so your investments &amp; work grows your fortune faster than it declines. Deflation causes speculatory bubbles and crashes like you've just seen. Inflation just gradually erodes your wealth, which is not a problem if you're actually doing something besides sitting on your ass. I'd rather have my currency lose 4% of it's value each year than 60% in a day. That 4% is your stability/reliability fee, and it pays off in the long run.
A successful cryptocurrency would just have an unlimited number of coins to mine, forever created at the same predictable rate, so you don't need to worry about mass printing causing rapid inflation, but so deflation is unlikely because there's no upper limit to the supply of money.
@_date: 2013-04-08 23:23:17
I think you need to add a 
6: **Competition** - Other organizations may create rival currencies that are better or different in some way, and take over the cryptocurrency market. This may either wipe out bitcoin, or simply reduce it to a smaller part of a crypto market with multiple currencies.
 
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:25:23
Governments wouldn't have to agree on a universal standard. They could all develop their own independent cryptocurrencies. The U.S. would have cryptodollars, England cryptopounds, etc.
And if you think about it, paper bills already allow anonymity. And they leave no digital trail either.
And even if the government didn't like the anonymity, they would probably prefer an anonymous cryptocurrency that they control to bitcoin. And a new cryptofiat might be designed a little differently than bitcoin to be harder to launder, while still have peer to peer transactions.
@_date: 2013-04-07 09:49:23
I think bitcoin's deflation is actually a big strike against it. At least as currently structured.
It's designed way too favorably towards early adopters. More than half of all possible bitcoins currently exist, and are concentrated in a relatively small number of hands. How many people even own bitcoins? Tens of thousands? Hundreds of thousands at most? Either way, it's pretty small. For bitcoin to expand in value and usage until it is *the* global online currency, that would make many people who have bitcoins the equivalent of billionaires or trillionaires. Bitcoin's current holders are essentially claiming 11/21ths of the global money supply, which is insane.
As valuable as bitcoin's existing network is, it's far cheaper for society to start from scratch with a new more equitable cryptocurrency than give half of the world's purchasing power to a small group of people. And the network isn't even that valuable. The total value of the bitcoin currency is smaller than the networth of many individuals. Any number of people or organizations, besides governments, have the resources to produce a powerful rival, that's just as easy to use and more widely accepted. They can even design the currency so that they lose control of it, the same way no one person controls bitcoin, but design it with more equitable starting conditions. That alone might convince many people to switch.
@_date: 2013-04-14 07:36:11
It's not really the same thing. The government is ok with email encryption, so they allow it. There's no legal or economic penalty for encrypting your email.  But if they made it illegal to accept zerocoins, businesses would stop taking bitcoins made anonymous that way, and those specific bitcoins would lose almost all their value if not all of it.
@_date: 2013-04-06 23:42:42
Yeah, that's bad. But why replace one set of plutocrats with another set of plutocrats? Bitcoin would have been better (for the world and for its own chances of long term survival) if it wasn't based on the idea of exponential wealth for the early adopters. It could have simply been designed to grow at a predictable rate for a long period of time, either infinitely or slow down its production much more gradually.
@_date: 2013-04-11 17:57:51
Japan has been suffering deflation for years. Have people been converting out of USD into yen en masse?
@_date: 2013-04-06 04:47:18
I think the problem with deflationary currencies is that it makes not using money good. An economy simply can't function if people don't use money. They need to buy things and start businesses. Inflation in a way is a needed kick in the pants to actually do something with your money, rather than sit on it.
So inflation actually isn't bad. Money isn't meant to be a form of wealth storage. It's a transaction medium. You should be preserving and growing wealth not by holding currency, but through investment and productivity. 
The problem with inflation is that it can be abused. A government can grow its money supply to cover its debts, and if it does too much of it that renders currency worthless (like in Zimbabwe). Slow predictable inflation isn't really that bad a thing in comparison. That's one thing I like about cryptocurrencies. It opens the possibility for inflationary cryptocurrencies that expand their supply at a predictable limited rate, rather than allowing the government to print at will.
@_date: 2013-04-08 16:17:04
I'd prefer no plutocratic overlords. It's a pretty shitty revolution, to try and overthrow one set of all-powerful plutocrats with another set.
@_date: 2013-04-14 01:38:27
The main problem I have with arguments like these is the fact you're treating bitcoin like a technology, when it's actually just one application of the technology cryptocurrency.
You can doubt bitcoin without doubting cryptocurrency as an economic force, the same way you can believe in the Internet but not believe in Prodigy or AOL being all powerful for the rest of history.
@_date: 2013-04-12 17:14:44
Well, the problem is that the total supply is limited. It doesn't matter that more will still be released, people know that eventually the 21 million cap will be reached and that the mining rate is slowing.
To discourage speculators they should make a currency designed to expand by a certain percentage, relative to the current number of coins in existence, every year. Occasionally deflation might still happen, if demand for the currency is great, but it wouldn't be because of some arbitrary limit.
@_date: 2013-04-08 12:56:16
That's a good point on how slow most governments acts. But it would only take one to release a cryptocurrency, and if it was trusted the whole world would use it online. Maybe it won't be crypto USD for a long time. Maybe it'll be Australian cryptocurrency. Maybe it technically won't be a currency but a cryptobond, released by a more open minded nation like Sweden.
@_date: 2013-04-05 18:25:21
But hold on. We're not talking about people being prejudiced against groups of people for racial/religious/cultural reasons. We're talking about actually evil crimes.
Let's say the Bitcoin community had the choice of freezing funds of some genocidal warlord who had killed 30,000 civilians and was employing child soldiers. Would it be tyranny for bitcoin miners to vote whether or not to freeze his funds?
@_date: 2013-04-12 02:12:57
This probably means that Mark Zuckerberg will just make Facecoins and those will take off.
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:03:39
Not to make this a discussion about Litecoin (I have none of the currency, don't care about it) but it does have an exchange value, if a low one, but that just means you need to buy more litecoins to send the same amount of money.
If you want to buy something from a merchant and you can either send a fraction of a bitcoin or several dozen litecoins, at the end it doesn't matter as long as the value gets sent over.
Which should be worrisome for bitcoin investors, since bitcoin's astronomically high value is based on the theory that it will have total dominance.
@_date: 2013-04-11 16:18:06
Eh, I mean yeah there are scams/thefts in real life too. But if your credit card is stolen you aren't liable for the charges, and you can ask for chargebacks on merchandise you don't receive. And if you're robbed of physical cash, you only lose what's in your pocket, while a hacker could theoretically steal everything on your computer. A bitcoin wallet is more like a safe than the wallet in your pants.
@_date: 2013-05-20 07:03:25
The problem is that people want to make money off bitcoin, using it as an investment rather than just a currency.
So there has been a strong push away from any notion that deflation is bad. People don't want to hear it.
Personally I think deflation isn't good. It's devaluing people's property and labor, allowing people who have money to get richer by doing nothing. Hyperinflation is awful, but a low rate of inflation isn't a bad thing. It's worked in the U.S. for decades. The point isn't to argue for or against inflation though, but to say that any functioning economy needs to reward workers and innovators. And hyperdeflation doesn't do that.
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:39:54
It's not really a matter of "rich." It's more like "mind boggling absurdly rich". If bitcoin speculators made a bit of profit that would be no different than other currency traders. But to claim most of money, the thing we all use to buy everything, that's just not sustainable. That's like Tim Berners Lee demanding 50% of all profit earned by everyone on the World Wide Web. No matter how good the web was, that particular use of the technology could not survive if the inventor claimed that big a percentage of the profit for themselves.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:21:15
Bitcoin is brilliant software combined with a pyramid scheme. Allowing direct peer to peer transactions is a huge leap forward, but unfortunately it's built with a rigged "mining" system where the early adopters gather a large portion of the currency for themselves and expect the rest of the world to pay them a huge sum for it. Bitcoin's algorithm was designed to only allow 21 million coins total (although these can be broken down into tiny decimals to make change). 11 million of those possible coins already exist in the hands of speculators.
@_date: 2013-04-06 21:24:22
I'm pretty sure the government could invalidate individual shares if they wanted to. I'm not sure if the legal framework exists, but with the right laws they could simply tell the corporation that those shares no longer exist or belong to someone else. 
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:21:56
History is filled with enormous companies and systems, many way bigger and more established than bitcoin, that got overthrown by change or competition. 
@_date: 2013-04-07 19:42:33
I don't think it's an issue of being a good or bad person. It's just unrealistic for society to give 1/2 the wealth to a small group of tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of people, if there's any alternative.  And there is an alternative: either not use cryptocurrencies or make a competitor cryptocurrency. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:09:58
I guess you could say that guy *won* the internet.
@_date: 2013-04-08 18:53:19
Well, that they pay a great deal of money (either directly by buying bitcoins, or indirectly by paying higher prices for goods &amp; services) in order to participate in a cryptocurrency economy.
@_date: 2013-04-04 17:18:18
Do you use fiat currency at all now? You might have trouble avoiding it.
@_date: 2013-03-31 03:26:29
Amazon Coins doesn't really seem to be a currency, just a form of gift certificate, or even more like frequent flyer miles. I don't even think you can exchange them with other people, although maybe that's a long term goal.
But if a company wanted to make a currency, a real decentralized currency that they didn't control or print freely, they probably could. It would have more credibility if it wasn't just one company but a consortium, with the ultimate goal of universal adoption rather than it just being something imprisoned like Microsoft Points or Steam Wallet dollars.
Right now they're probably worried about legal uncertainty. Amazon doesn't want to have invented the currency used on Silk Road. But eventually, if Bitcoin actually does take off, it would be in the interests of companies or governments even to back a cryptocoin that either gives them the initial gain in value or has some built in benefit for them. Libertarians wouldn't like it. But companies or governments could  probably outdo bitcoin if they really wanted to.
@_date: 2013-04-10 02:16:46
Think of it this way. Do you have money in any bank? If the bank were to fold for some reason, would you want to keep your money or not?
Cyprus is a shitty situation, but their equivalent of the FDIC is still better than nothing. They got to keep $100,000 each, instead of jack diddly squat. Now I'd be pretty pissed if I had more than $100,000 in there, but it's way better than getting nothing.
@_date: 2013-04-14 06:52:28
That's not a solution though. The government could very easily make all coins transferred through zerocoin, or any other anonymity system, come out tainted.
@_date: 2013-04-04 15:29:31
Or Amazon. Or Paypal. Or Microsoft. Or Apple. Or really anyone with enough fiat on hand to guarantee an exchange rate for the crypto they issue.
@_date: 2013-04-09 13:27:08
I kind of suspect other cryptocurrencies, some backed by fiat, will take off and control most of the market. Maybe to outdo off inflation they'll be cryptobonds, released by countries and each coin will be designed to appreciate in X number of years. 
But they'll probably be designed with some way for the government to better track illegal activity. So bitcoin/litecoin might remain useful for people buying things of Silk Road or with an ideological opposition to government. But in terms of bitcoin's real uses (besides speculating for 1000% profit in a few months which I very much doubt is sustainable) a government/corporate backed crypto would be more useful, except for an ideological standpoint.
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:50:53
In some cases that could be quite useful, but at the same time it could lead to a terrifying Big Brother situation.
@_date: 2013-04-07 17:16:29
I think it's one thing to be rewarded as an investor. The Google and Microsoft investors deserve their millions and billions. But as rich as they are Bill Gates and Sergey Brin don't own half of all computers or half of the internet. They just sell a popular product or a service. They aren't claiming to own a huge chunk of wealth itself.
And that's not saying that bitcoin investors don't deserve some profit or that they deserve to be wiped out. I don't begrudge the current millionaires their fortunes. Someone who started mining a few years ago helped prove cryptocurrencies as a concept, and that's a societal good that deserves to be rewarded. But is it enough good to entitle them to be worth tens of billions or hundreds of billions? Or trillions even? To give them that huge a claim on society's resources? I think not. 
I think Bitcoin's big flaw is that it's so top heavy, favored towards the early adopters. It could have generated coins at a steady rate for a long time, and counted on demand for cryptocurrency to outpace the supply to either cause slow deflation or slower than fiat inflation. But instead it built itself as a get quick rich scheme, which is a shame, because the underlying idea of cryptocurrencies is amazing. It's really going to hurt the currency's long term chances, when the playing field is skewed so heavily towards the early adopters.
And the existing network is valuable, but not as valuable as half the world. Heck, it's not even as valuable as a tenth or a hundreth or a thousandth of the world. It's not even a matter of equity, just practicality. Who will buy into a system that gives a small group of people 11/21 out the world's buying power? To create a few thousand super-plutocrats with the power to rule over and outbid everyone else? It's way cheaper to start again, no matter how valuable bitcoin's current network is.
@_date: 2013-04-09 14:25:29
Yeah, but a business making a product is different than claiming semi-monopoly over cryptocurrency. KFC only wants a little bit of your wealth. Bitcoin holders expect to control half the global money supply.
What's the incentive for the rest of humanity to make a small group of people the equivalent of billionaires and trillionaires instead of just making a competing system. Bitcoin can only succeed if people are ok with a few thousand people gaining half the world's purchasing power, and becoming super-plutocrats. I'd rather use cryptobonds, and fund roads and hospitals and schools, than create a new round of monarchs richer than the Waltons.
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:13:12
I don't think new tech is necessary. A competitor just needs one or more of a few things:
1) More support - Government/corporate backing.
2) Better technology - Faster/more efficient/more secure.
3) Better design - A lot of bitcoin's design is arbitrary. The 21 million coin limit. The mining reward (and reward decline) rate. If someone can make a good case that there's a better model, a lot of people might begin investing in that currency, even if there's no money in it right away (the same way bitcoin was not very profitable for years).
4) Speculation - Let's say bitcoin plateau's at some high point eventually, while a cheaper crypto like litecoin is growing at a faster rate. That would cause a flood of money, similar to the current boom, as people try to move their money into the faster performing asset. That could simultaneously cause bitcoin's value to plunge. It wouldn't take much. If bitcoin is stable at say $250 and litecoin is gaining 5 pennies a day, that might be enough to spark a downward trend.
Also, I don't think it necessarily is a question of "beating Bitcoin", as opposed to competing with it and preventing it from conquering the world. There could be a future where Bitcoin is just 10% of the cryptocurrency market but still a pretty big deal.
@_date: 2013-04-06 02:31:39
That's a good point. I think bitcoin's deflationary nature is actually a major flaw. It's trying to replicate an asset like gold or become an investment. But as successful as bitcoin has been so far, it's actually not good for a currency to have massive deflation. You don't want people to make their living off simply having money and it getting more and more valuable. You want them to make a living off doing productive stuff, like running a business or inventing things. Somebody's got to make the bread. 
Bitcoin would be a lot more viable in the long term if it had inflation, but a perfectly predictable rate of inflation that nobody could speed up for personal gain. The problem with inflation is a situation like Zimbabwe, where the government starts printing tons of money to cover its debts and it tanks the value of the currency. But an inflationary cryptocurrency could be limited to X number of news coins generated every day forever, at a steady predictable rate so inflation is  extremely gradual and unsurprising.
And even if the money supply was unlimited, the currency could still go up in value, if demand for the currency grew faster than the rate it was mined.
@_date: 2013-04-09 03:14:38
Except Linux is free software anyone can copy. Bitcoin is an asset, which was cornered early by a small group of people. There's every incentive to collaborate and come together on free stuff, but for competitive stuff like assets where there's a profit to be made, people are going to look for either a way of providing a better service or of getting a better deal.
@_date: 2013-04-09 15:39:20
Exactly. Bitcoin is a product. There's a real value to P2P transactions. Cryptocurrency is a huge technological breakthrough.
But it's trying to gain value through a false monopoly, and it's overvalued because of it. Competitors can provide other P2P crypto currencies without forcing people to pay an ever escalating price for a limited supply controlled by a few thousand people.
@_date: 2013-04-05 05:42:15
I don't think a government would have to make cryptocurrencies mainstream, merely present them as an option to aid in online sales. Regular digital transactions and paper money could continue to exist alongside it.
I think in the long run, bitcoin will have to fulfill the role of gold. Something limited that cannot be inflated by government printing. It might keep its anonymity as an edge too. But the other advantages of bitcoin, like P2P trade, those can be shamelessly copied by everyone else. All the wonderful apps people will invent for bitcoin, those could easily be used on govcoin too. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if someday app developers create programs to work on multiple cryptocurrencies at the same time.
That leaves bitcoin's main advantage as lack of regulation, and being here first. Those two are pretty significant no doubt, which is why I'm not doubting bitcoin as a currency. I just think the current value of $130ish is from people assuming it will be THE digital currency, while I think it'll actually just become one among many.
@_date: 2013-04-04 22:04:42
I might also be interested in collaborating. I also have a background in product development (creative not technical).
I also have to admit I'm a bit of a Bitcoin skeptic. I find the underlying technology of cryptocurrency very powerful and world changing, but I think bitcoin itself is vastly overvalued at the moment due to the assumption that being first cryptocurrency necessarily means it will remain the dominant one. I think there's a greater chance of countries/corporations issuing their own competing cryptocurrencies than bitcoin itself necessarily taking over the world. I'm not sure if not being a die-hard believer in bitcoin is necessary to collaborate, but having a diverse range of views can't hurt.
@_date: 2013-04-08 17:55:10
All of which could be achieved by a different cryptocurrency, either decentralized/unregulated or not, that demands less from late adopters (aka 99+% of the world). You can believe in cryptocurrency as a technology without accepting that the rest of the world will succumb to a tilted system. Objections to wealth concentration aside, people will also compete with bitcoin because it's profitable and there's clearly a market for cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2013-04-07 21:21:11
Yeah, that's basically it. Bitcoin is thriving now because it's still a niche market. It can't spread infinitely because the existing stakeholders have more incentive to create a rival currency than cede half their wealth to bitcoin's current holders.
@_date: 2013-04-07 02:29:35
I'm sure miners have already spent quite a bit, but the bitcoin community as a whole is still very small compared the the global population. To assign this small percentage of humanity over 50% of the money supply just isn't realistic.
@_date: 2013-04-06 21:02:01
I think rampant consumerism is bad. I think money should be invested, rather than just used in shopping sprees. That helps new businesses get off the ground, or old ones to expand. If money is just sitting under a mattress (or stored on a computer) it's not being part of the economy or helping anyone.
@_date: 2013-04-11 00:07:28
I think the price will fluctuate a lot in the near future as people cash in and out. That's really not a good thing though.
Ultimately I think bitcoin's problem is that it's trying to become a global currency, when it's not really designed ideally for that. Deflation is bad economic policy in general, since it rewards speculating and hoarding over industry and investment. Production slows down, unemployment rises, the prices of goods rise, and the increasing value of your currency is only good for outbidding other people for an ever scarcer supply of items. And the whole deflationary concept of bitcoin (it'll only go up forever!) requires that no other successful uses of cryptocurrency ever take off, which is ridiculous. What successful technology has ever only been used a single time? 
Bitcoin was perfectly successful though at low prices, when it was actually being used in online trades, instead of becoming a pseudo-commodity with literal world domination as its goal. It was more successful at $10 as a real currency than at $100-$200 as a rapidly fluctuating line on a graph. To quote a certain wizard, "All that is gold does not glitter" and I think current U.S. dollar value is actually a terrible metric to judge a cryptocurrency as opposed to stability. Right now bitcoin is just a way for some users to get richer and some users to get poorer, instead of just a transaction medium.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:34:52
Bitcoin is fiat currency, except controlled by direct democracy instead of representative democracy. It has no intrinsic value and is only valuable because people say it is. People can print multiple kinds of paper money, and people can generate multiple kinds of cryptocurrency. That's not a knock against it necessarily, but it's not a physical good, and the whole "it's just like gold!" argument is flawed.
@_date: 2013-04-06 23:09:21
I think this will be bitcoin's fatal flaw, a major thing keeps it from widespread adoption. It was designed too favorably towards the first users, too pyramid-scheme-esque in nature. It's not a pyramid scheme in the classic sense, but it rewards early investors WAAAAAAAY too much. For Bitcoin to become *the* global currency, that would assign bitcoin's current holders with something like half the money on Earth. Which frankly would be a huge redistribution of wealth, from those without bitcoin to those that have it. That wouldn't just screw over governments, it would screw over most people on Earth. Most people won't tolerate it. It's not an issue of whether you think the early holders are good or bad people, frankly I don't care either way. It's just that a few thousand people, whoever they are,  don't deserve that large a percentage of the monetary supply.
That's not a problem with cryptocurrency though. Satoshi could have designed a more equitable algorithm that released the money supply at a steady rate for a long period of time, rather than making it so top heavy for the first few years. I think Bitcoin will eventually get replaced by something fairer.
I also think a major corporate entity will release a bitcoin competitor soon, but have it backed by fiat currency at a set exchange rate. Then it would be more of a payment platform, rather than a libertarian currency, to allow a peer 2 peer alternative to paypal/mastercard. Governments also could release crypto versions of their own fiat currency, to copy all of bitcoin's advantages but lack of government control. Libertarians wouldn't like it, and might stick to bitcoin, but many people would welcome improved fiat currency for easier/cheaper online transactions. That would definitely put some heavy competition on bitcoin, if you could perform all of its technical features (like the tipbot) using fiat.
@_date: 2013-04-08 07:07:30
I think bitcoin is in a bubble, mainly because people are really overestimating the value of the first-mover advantage. 
The problem is the concentration of bitcoins, due to the mining schedule. They were designed to be concentrated in the hands of early miners and buyers. The currency is barely a few years old and more than half the possible supply already exists. For bitcoin to grow endlessly and become the globally accepted cryptocurrency, that would require giving a few thousand people a massive percentage of global wealth.
It's actually cheaper for society to create a new cryptocurrency that's designed to deflate much slower, than to cede half the world's wealth to a few thousand people. Even if that means starting from scratch and not gaining the benefit of the existing bitcoin community.
It wouldn't be that hard to do either. A consortium of online businesses could establish their own currency, in order to get the early gains for themselves by doing a little bit a pre-mining in exchange for agreeing to accept it as currency. A government could release cryptofiat to compete with bitcoin's transferability, while keeping fiat's advantages like more widespread acceptance. A non-profit could design a new unregulated crypto designed to have an infinite amount of currency, doled out at a steady predictable rate forever so it's not as top heavy. 
The point is, cryptocurrency is a huge freaking deal. It's a revolutionary technology. But bitcoin is established too much like a pyramid scheme to gain universal acceptance. There's too much incentive to make your own competitive currency, and recapture the wealth bitcoin's current holders want to gain.
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:13:51
That's less of a bubble than a cartel.
@_date: 2013-04-07 08:01:56
I think bitcoin is overvalued at the moment. The problem is people are assigning all the benefits and value of cryptocurrency as a technology to bitcoin, which is just one use of that technology. That's a bit like assuming the first merchant on the Internet is going to control all online sales, and estimating its value as being equal to the total future value of e-commerce.
The fact is, bitcoin has many pros and cons, and those pros/cons aren't all necessary parts of cryptocurrency. Some of them could be swapped out for different pros/cons. A competitor crypto that does certain things better could potentially replace it, or at least steal part of its market share.
For example, let's say a government introduced cryptofiat. All the good/bad of fiat currency, but with the cheap and easy transferability of bitcoin. That would eat into bitcoin's market share of people who want P2P currency, but are less worried about avoiding government control. Or a corporation could release cryptofiat as store credit or stock. Or another unbacked crypto that allows mining at a consistent rate for a long period of time could arise, so it's less favorable to early adopters than bitcoin and has more incentive for people coming in late in the game. There's no limit to different ways a cryptocurrency could be designed, for a variety of needs.
That's not to say that bitcoin can be easily replaced, since it does have the first to market advantage. But that first to market advantage doesn't give it an unassailable edge. That's like assuming Ford would forever reign as the single dominant automaker just because they created the Model T.
@_date: 2013-04-04 23:45:35
True. The lack of government control and anonymity is a major advantage of bitcoin. But it's not the only advantage. 
It would be pretty easy for a government or corporation to create a cryptocurrency with P2P transactions and decentralized transaction confirmation, while still retaining the ability to print money (perhaps by stockpiling a large supply of easily mined coins before releasing it to the general public for slower more difficult mining).
The main threat to bitcoin is cryptofiat that replicates all the advantages of fiat, and all the advantages of bitcoin except anonymity/inflation proof/lack of government control. No doubt that would turn off many bitcoin users who like the fact it's unregulated, but a lot of people would simply be happy to have a cheaper/easier/more versatile alternative to paypal or credit cards. Where it would hurt bitcoin is that it would rob bitcoin of many users. Not all users, but of the ones who care just about P2P transactions and not about escaping government control.
@_date: 2013-04-09 19:47:40
There's no denying that a deflationary spiral has gotten more users for bitcoin, but it also keeps it from being used as much. People aren't spending bitcoin if they can avoid it, they're holding it as much as possible. That works against adoption, not for it. Look at any bitcoin job board. There's barely any hiring going on. That's not the sign of a healthy economy. 
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:07:58
I think bitcoin actually has a long term future, but not as the universal currency everyone expects. I think it'll have its place amid other cryptocurrencies. That's why I think it's a mistake to assume there's a bitcoin monopoly of crypto in the cards, and value each coin like it has to expand in value to work on a global scale.
The real money to be made at this point I think isn't in investing in bitcoin as a buyer, but as a cryptocurrency app developer. Even if bitcoin never goes up in value again, even if it sticks at some low number for years, a fortune can still be made by people who make it easier to use, and manage to earn some money by doing it. That guy who made the bitcointipbot no doubt is doing pretty well. And their programs can be adapted to work for other cryptocurrencies too. I think it's a very smart investment to invest in crypto, but not exclusively one currency.
@_date: 2013-04-11 22:25:16
Except businesses also must spend money to fund their operations. If I'm running a pants company, do I want to buy cloth to make pants or keep the money so it goes up in value? The smart investment is not to produce things until pants start to get rarer and rise in cost.
@_date: 2013-04-08 08:42:45
It might not be meaningful at all. I haven't seen any actual evidence that Cypriots actually invested in bitcoin on any meaningful scale, just lots of talk and theorizing online.
Of course, maybe a horde of Cypriots who now swear by bitcoin will turn up. I just doubt it.
@_date: 2013-04-08 20:24:04
Except eventually people would have to vote on what happens in the real world. You can't fork reality. At least not yet :p
If people just fork and have their own virtual societies that's one thing, but it's barely different than just starting different forums.
@_date: 2013-04-10 05:05:02
Why do I imagine you both looking and sounding like Brian Blessed when you say that?
@_date: 2013-04-09 23:26:49
It's still many times smaller than numerous companies. What's the infrastructure? A couple apps and e-merchants? It's not that big a barrier to entry, especially since a lot of that infrastructure is probably open to other cryptocurrencies.
@_date: 2013-04-04 14:19:49
How would it undermine the fed? They could increase the supply of cryptofiat as needed. It's not like there's a limit on how many numbers you can create.
@_date: 2013-04-11 18:10:38
It's also valuable because the U.S. government controls a huge territory and governs over 300 million people. Fiat isn't backed by "nothing", it's backed by incredible power. It reflects a share of the total resources and economic might of the United States.
@_date: 2013-04-07 07:11:32
I disagree. I think it's actually bad for bitcoin's long term prospects that buyers are snapping it up as investment. It means that the temptation to cash out can instantly flip these astronomical gains downward. And it's also not a good thing to have continuous rapid deflation.
Cryptocurrencies are a very powerful idea, and I think it's actually a bit shortsighted to reduce bitcoin to just being an investment. It's a bit like viewing the internet just as a way to make lots of money by claiming the good domain names early, when it's really way more than that. I think bitcoin's extremely deflationary nature might eventually work against the currency, since it'll give other cryptocurrencies an advantage when competing with it.
