@_author: therugatemyshoe
@_date: 2015-12-08 21:12:55
Remember, r/bitcoin does not have a monopoly on bitcoin discussion.
It's easy to make new sub's. And a truly censorship free sub would also be easier to moderate (eg: do nothing and let up/downvotes do your job for you).
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:26:56
I'm with you on disagreeing with That's obviously his opinion, and lots of people probably share it, but I do not believe it is valid. At least not in STEM.
STEM degrees - both M.Sc. and Ph.D, are time consuming and difficult. Not just in terms of needing to be smart, but also in terms of needing the willpower to push through the dark times that you WILL encounter. Science seldom works right away and when, after 2 years, shit just hasn't gone your way, it is very tempting to just drop it and go find a "real job". But much of the good scientific developments are done by M.Sc. and Ph.D. students, even if their supervisors get most of the credit. Pushing through and succeeding in the face of one problem after another speaks volumes about a person's work ethic, IMO.
A degree tells you that they are less likely to give up in the face of a challenge, and that they have the ability to apply logic to solve previously unsolved problems. A degree is not the end-all-be-all, and relevant work experience is IMO more important, but a degree means a lot more than "squat".
@_date: 2015-12-06 21:14:11
To be fair, the headline is easy to misinterpret. They *represent* 90% of the hashing power. In the same way that a governor represents a state. But if a governor does something dumb enough, well, it's 1 governor against millions of angry people. Similarly, mining pools can go from 40% of the hashing power to nothing almost overnight. And all it will take is a single scandal.
@_date: 2015-12-08 21:26:44
The network effect is given more creedence on this sub than it deserves, probably because it seemingly diminishes the value of altcoins which people love to hate.
The reality is that nothing is too big to fail, and when things are going badly and people are fed up, the network effect counts for less than you'd think.
Digg and Slashdot both had a network effect. They seemed too big to fail. Then reddit came along and it didn't matter one bit.
You should google for bitcoin forums, and not just reddit ones. Several of them exist, and they aren't ghost towns, either.
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:16:34
And the story isn't over yet. Something tells me there will be some rather dramatic developments still. 
@_date: 2015-12-15 23:57:30
I worked with a company that designed websites for some of the largest telecomm and retail companies in North America. The clients dictated the schedule, the PM couldn't do much to push back because the schedule was part of the legal contract with the client, and part of the bidding process. We had to compete with dozens of other startups to secure contracts with these big name clients, so we had to say we could do it for less money and get it done faster than the other guys.
Our PM's could attempt to determine if the timeline was reasonable before we signed a deal with the client. She'd come to us, with relatively little warning, and ask how long it would take to do x. We'd pad the shit out of our estimates and she added more padding no doubt, but it seemed like that process backfired a lot... but we were a struggling startup, turning down contracts with big name clients was never seriously considered, unrealistic deadlines or not. If we said "that timeline is not realistic", the timeline was never altered - instead we just hired more people (contractors like yourself). Sometimes we didn't hire enough.
I suspect the role of a PM would involve a greater latitude in setting timelines if we had more internal projects and fewer contracts with external clients.
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:39:04
I guess not. I was not as skeptical as I should have been. Looks like "Dr." Wright isn't who he says he is, and what leaked documents weren't forgeries were simply taken out of context.
Live and learn, I guess.
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:41:14
When building any system that has an API, and bitcoin is no exception, it is important to limit API changes as much as possible. The more adoption, the more important that goal becomes. Scheduled hard forks create an incentive to violate that goal because people will think "it's probably going to happen in six months anyway, so we might as well propose a few changes".
If bitcoin needs continual hard forks, then that is a very bad situation. For a protocol, an immutable API is even more important than typical software. There's a reason why new features on the internet have been implemented by creating entirely new protocols, rather than altering existing ones.
@_date: 2015-12-16 07:55:49
I think being a contractor has made you blind to the realities that startups face and the fierce competition that they have to engage in. I am not defending it. I am saying it is the way it is.
The job of a PM is not what you think it is. They are not there to manage the project solely for the benefit of the dev team. They have their own bosses, and that aint us.
@_date: 2015-12-09 03:50:21
On his blog, he apparently indirectly claims as such, but in a manner that leaves no doubt as to his intention to do so. He all but says "I am Satoshi". I have not read it myself, only copy+pastes that can be found on some of the other posts in this sub.
Many of Craig's blog posts apparently require looking up archived copies and comparing dates for proper context (because they have been edited multiple times at different dates), and I'm trying to restrain myself because I actually have to mark a bunch of final exams. It's going to be a late night...
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:19:53
Maybe. Honestly, I like this new thing. I've actually long been a fan of how Slashdot used to do it - officially make users "moderators" and allow them to tag posts, but don't censor anything, and leave it up to the users how they want to sort/filter posts.
I know up/downvotes is simpler to implement but IMO it's much less nuanced, too easy to exploit, creates drama, and puts additional burden on moderators. Back in the days when web forums didn't even allow you to up/down vote at all, things seems a lot more civil, IMO...
@_date: 2015-06-03 23:48:28
Maybe he drank the coolaid at first but started to have doubts and that's why he left. Or maybe he's got something to gain by smearing OKcoin. This entire situation is nothing but anecdotal evidence. At least with Gox there were real, tangible withdrawal issues for months and months before their collapse. How the heck are we supposed to untangle the truth in this situation?
@_date: 2015-12-07 22:03:18
The people you're thinking of aren't miners. They run the mining pools, but it's their membership that does the mining and calls the shots and their membership is far from loyal. Signing up for a mining pool is not like being an employee. You can switch between them, or even do solo mining if you want, without much of a care.
@_date: 2015-12-09 05:17:33
The leaked e-mails are really the best evidence, and Wired as well as Gizmodo both suspect they are genuine.
@_date: 2015-06-24 03:18:36
I think being involved in bitcoin may raise the bar for what we consider acceptable risks.
Stock markets collapse, and so too will index stocks... and that is too risky for many people. I used to be one of those people, a high interest savings account or GIC was about where I drew the line...
@_date: 2015-06-12 21:29:29
I don't know enough about the meat of the bitcoin protocol to really form a highly educated opinion here, but I have to say, the background info provided in your document  helps a lot, so thanks for taking the time to introduce the topic before getting technical.
I still think the best solution is a moving limit, set by a function that takes inputs in the form of network metrics like moving averages of the used block size, the time it takes an average transaction to be included in a block, and the hashing power of the network. I see the latter metric as particularly important as the first two can be manipulated by an attack, whereas hashing power is more difficult for a single actor to manipulate, and also perhaps a decent indication of general computing power, cost per MB (in an indirect way), and so on.
Obviously, no matter the plan, at least one hard fork is necessary to implement it. It would seem the simplest solution is to schedule changes well in advance by setting it based on the current block number. But that requires some sort of clairvoyance about the future, I would think. There are no promises that Moore's law and Nielsen's law will continue to hold as reality can be strongly affected by socioeconomic factors.
What I am wondering about though, is whether there is a way to remove the hard limit entirely, and to make the limit a user-configurable option that effectively becomes an ever-changing distribution of votes on what the limit should be. I don't know enough about how the network comes to a consensus on the block size, though, to know if that is even remotely realistic. I'm probably just a raving lunatic - so I defer to your expertise! No matter what you guys collectively decide, I know that you will have debated this topic a great deal before making a final decision, and that's good enough for me.
@_date: 2015-12-09 03:09:47
In one of those leaked e-mails that he supposedly sent in 2014, he signed his message "Craig (possibly...)".
An inside joke? Could be a shared e-mail account among a group of collaborators.
Also, the reply by "Clayton Utz" indicates that Satoshi Nakamoto may not a pseudonym but a real person. A person who is "coming out of retirement". Or the reply may mean only that the group intended to become more active in the community under the guise of the pseudonym. 
Absolutely nuts. I have no idea what to make of all this.
Read the article linked to, and see for yourself...
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:14:34
I actually have net upvotes for it. It may be a slightly inflammatory comment, but not so much that I would have been buried into oblivion, haha.
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:35:48
Oh, bitcoin has nothing to do with my pedanticism. I'm an academic, it's my job to say "actually..." as often as I can.
@_date: 2015-12-09 01:39:24
Yeah but they had Jolly Rogers on them.
Maybe-Satoshi did not have Jolly Roger socks. Otherwise maybe he would have gotten more speaking time.
@_date: 2015-12-15 23:04:01
You say "overtime" as if that makes any difference in the IT industry. We don't get paid extra money for "overtime". Salaried employees in IT get a fixed amount of money in a year regardless of their hours. At least that it how it is in my part of the world. Project managers know this. Their one job is to get the project done when management wants it done.
@_date: 2015-06-24 23:26:11
Well it would be nice to live in a world where the laws of physics don't exist, but we don't live in such a world. Continuing Moore's law (with some rewording) will require us to abandon transistors in favor of something completely different, and there is no telling how practical such new technologies will be until we try them.
Stacking transistors doesn't allow you make them smaller. It just allows you to make layered chips. In other words... they are now starting to think about making the computers larger to make up for the fact that they will no longer be able to fit more transistors onto a given surface area. And they will be less efficient because they will require heat dissipation elements to be be layered through the chip as well.
That's the beginning of the end of Moore's law because it's all about transistor size. If you can't make transistors smaller, Moore's law is over no matter how you arrange them.
@_date: 2015-12-09 03:41:05
Ah, I see. Because PK alone is ambiguous.
If we assume the leaked documents are real, then this would be my interpretation:
Wright and Kleiman collaborated as "Satoshi Nakamoto". Their Australian attorney appears to be advising them on the use of the Nakamoto pseudonym in political correspondence, while using language that makes it somewhat unclear as to whether it is indeed a pseudonym or a real person. Seems a good strategy, IMO. Plausible deniability even if the communications are leaked.
Several people appear to share the satoshi account, given the apparent in-joke about the multiple-personality nature of the e-mail account ("Craig (possibly...)").
I'm guessing that most of this caution and anonymity was the work of Dr. Kleiman. Craig does not appear to take the goal of anonymity particularly seriously given the present situation. As well as using his real name while sending e-mail from the Satoshi e-mail address. There is also Kleiman's comment, "Craig, I think you’re mad and this is risky [...] but I believe in what we are trying to do.". It suggests that Kleiman was the more cautious one and might have been the driving force behind keeping things as anonymous as possible.
Unfortunately Dr. Kleiman passed away recently. Dr. Wright is now free to risk all he wants, since his actions no longer potentially jeopardize his colleague. But Dr. Kleiman's death also means, if all of this is true, that there really isn't a Satoshi Nakamoto anymore. That pseudonym applied to the group, not a single individual.
@_date: 2015-12-15 17:48:55
Some of those project managers are slave drivers, though, and will hold their development team to the coals if they don't make the arbitrary deadlines.
Mine bought us all energy drinks in a thinly-veiled suggestion that we burn the midnight oil. But she was cool. When we were finally done the project, she took us out to a bar for wings. And my god they were delicious wings. She did her research.
@_date: 2015-12-06 21:33:13
Having read about BIP 100 vs 101, my money is on BIP 100 making it. It's more democratic, allows block size to be adjusted as needed instead of on a predetermined schedule, and starts off more gradually. But it doesn't preclude large block sizes if that becomes necessary. BIP 101 isn't bad either, but just because we've always been able to depend on exponential grown in technology so far, doesn't mean it's going to stay that way... doubling the block size on a schedule could end up creating a mismatch between block size and what we're technically capable of.
Both have risk, but I see BIP 100 as being an easier pill to swallow overall.
I hope they don't decide on a single increasing, that just sets us all up for more hard forks in the future. The fewer hard forks, the better.
@_date: 2015-06-19 18:02:51
Our senators don't get elected, and usually stay in office for a good chunk of their lives. Sometimes I lament this, as the citizens of Canada have no control over who is in the senate. They are appointed by the governor general who actually represents the queen, who is also not elected. Although in practice the governor general takes a lot of advice from our prime minister. Still, that's a few layers of separation away from actual democracy.
But maybe not having to pander for votes combined with some small sense of job security gives our senators more incentive to take pride in their work instead of wasting money on campaigns.
I don't know, it's far from a perfect system, but it's not so horrible in the end.
Here's another promising thing: I filed taxes and told my government I traded bitcoin in 2013. My bank also knows I purchased some back in 2013. And yet my account has not been closed, and the government hasn't audited me, and no black helicopters or CSIS agents have appeared at my door... okay I'm mostly joking here, but closed bank accounts is a real risk.
@_date: 2015-12-09 01:56:48
So, I'm watching [the video]( at the 22 minute mark so far.
He doesn't seem particularly good at speaking to a general audience, but it's clear he has speaking experience and he's not just spouting jargon, what he's saying has some technical merit.
I still don't know. If it's a hoax it's a bad move, career-wise. Losing your credibility as a researcher is BAD NEWS. It ruins people's entire careers. Why take the risk? And it's not like it's a good risk to take. If this guy claims to be Satoshi but fails to cryptographically prove it soon, he'd be outed as a fake. He either is Satoshi, or he is doomed to be discredited.
Of course he didn't directly come out at say he was Satoshi. Indiana Jones (guy in the hat) was being pretty evasive in his intro as well - not wanting people to know how much bitcoin you might have secured away from the early days of mining may be a good privacy/financial security move.
My suspicions are increasingly towards "Satoshi" being a small research group of academics, not necessarily in the same geographic area. Most research groups come up with a name for the group, although it's not particularly common for them to adopt a pseudonym for collective publishing, but OK... if they had reason to fear the political/legal implications of their research I can see a motive for doing that.
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:02:06
A bit of disorganization is par for the course even with big conferences in different fields, too. Recording the event is often an afterthought or not done at all.
Even when an event is recorded, they don't always think to hire dedicated AV guys. It's often volunteer effort. In the video it is apparent that they desperately needed someone on a mixer to equalize the volume of the speakers, or a compressor, but apparently they had neither.
@_date: 2015-06-25 00:08:59
Yes, those could work. Maybe. They'd have their own physical limits, too, of course, and we'd eventually hit them. And ultimately, we'd run into a situation where nothing helps at all anymore. You can't build something smaller than the wavelength of an electron, for example, and expect it to be able to contain electrons.
The second, an optical computer, is maybe less promising, I don't know fur sure though. It's limited in the "size" of its gates by the wavelength of light being used. The reason we built electron microscopes, though, is because the wavelength of most light is pretty "big". Probably too big to beat out the performance of good old electrons and traditional circuits. But maybe optical interference can help vastly speed up certain types of calculations. It will be the same story with quantum computers if they become household - they'll be part of the architecture of a "normal" computer that assists with certain kinds of calculations.
@_date: 2015-12-06 23:41:07
Excellent point. It's also possible to be backwards compatible even if changes are made to existing functions, although it may mean that your changes are slightly less elegant in their implementation. 
In which case the only real risk is then left with the miners, who may end up mining orphan blocks.
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:48:15
Even index stocks, arguable the least risky, are still too risky for many people.
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:23:19
I suppose that could be an indirect way to achieve a similar effect.
But how would this deal with solo miners? IMO, solo mining is the most secure and more decentralized route and it's a volunteer effort. Will solo miners be further punished by not getting these supporting transactions?
The idea might have the opposite of the intended effect. Individual miners will jump to whatever pool gets the most supporting transactions, yes? 
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:08:51
Saved by wealthy collectors! ;)
It must be strange to live long enough to see your possessions become valuable antiques...
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:36:47
What makes you think he already hasn't?
I consider it very likely that the person/persons behind Satoshi never left the scene at all, but merely dropped the pseudonym and accompanying act because it had developed a cult following, and from that a degree of authority that goes against the idealism which bitcoin is founded on.
@_date: 2015-06-24 03:13:58
I don't know, I know some girls that would be all over that shit. Geekery transcends all genders!
But still... in a bar of all places? Very strange venue. But now that I think of it, I only think that because it's not common practice... maybe it should be.
@_date: 2015-06-18 20:57:24
Yes, the future will be interesting. The best outcome is that one pioneering nation embraces bitcoin (or some other crypto) and figures out a proven way to transition to a new economy without destroying society/lives/commerce in the process. Then the others can follow.
But I am not convinced that will happen, because bitcoin might happen so quickly that governments won't be proactive enough in figuring out how to get along with it. They'll probably cling to the old ways as long as possible... even if that means harsh laws.
@_date: 2015-06-23 01:06:23
That's who i'm with.
@_date: 2015-12-08 23:17:01
I'm very ambivalent about this kind of journalism.
It's fun to speculate, but I'm also guessing Satoshi hasn't revealed his identity because they don't want it to be revealed, and if we point fingers at the wrong guy, we're just hurting them.
@_date: 2015-12-11 22:49:42
In my experience, having fewer than the normal amount of limbs is much more common than the opposite. I have been to many countries and in airports alone, I have seen thousands upon thousands of people. Lots of amputees, but not a single person with three arms or three legs.
Think about the reasons: although some people are born with oddities, many amputees got that way from accidents and war. Getting blown up or hit by a car doesn't magically give you new limbs. This biases the population towards fewer limbs than optimal.
Since this is reddit, let's talk about cats. You see lots of 3-legged cats in but I haven't seen a single five-legged cat.
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:24:42
You realize that what you're saying, true as it may be, is equally valid in ALL situations that require passwords and/or physical devices? It can either be stolen, forgotten, or both.
There is no good solution to this problem yet. Not for bitcoin, not for your credit card, not for your gmail user account.
Give that are our choices are between one shitty solution and another shitty solution, the trick is to pick the one that's least shitty.
@_date: 2015-12-15 20:23:07
It's the little things you really appreciate though. Cheap, run of the mill wings are easy to find. But she found perhaps the best wings I've had in my entire life. That makes up for the fact that were cheap. And we got beer too, haha. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 19:23:44
The problem with investing is that it requires hindsight, omniscience, or luck. Although right after a crash seems a much better time to get in than others!
@_date: 2015-12-09 00:54:41
Well if he's the real Satoshi he needs to sign a message with cryptographic proof. Then people will believe.
Alternatively, the real Satoshi could just post a message "that's not me" and cryptographically sign it. I believe he's done that before. However, it's not a guarantee that Satoshi is even alive anymore...
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:44:04
So that guy stuck maybe an entire year's earnings after taxes in a safe. Then watched it become worth about a month's earnings...
@_date: 2015-12-06 21:47:58
Is there something similar to BIP 100 that gets the clients to vote instead of the miners? Have the votes encoded per transaction, with a mean/median/whatever in the meta data for each block.
@_date: 2015-06-24 23:14:53
I grew up before the internet even existed. I've seen this improvement.
Past performance doesn't predict the future. Moore's "law" and Neilson's "law" are merely trends that have appeared in the past. There is absolutely no guarantee they will continue. They are not, in fact laws, in the scientific meaning of the word.
There has been recurring talk of approaching *physical limits* to transistor size. The smaller they get, the much more error prone (unpredictable) they become. There is no apparently way to avoid this because it is a quantum mechanical effect - electrons begin to simple move through your semiconductors like waves instead of particles, meaning they don't go where you want them to.
Additionally, the telecomm companies are either monopolies or oligopolies. They have no need to compete over faster services. In the last 10 years of my life I have gone from a 10mbps connection, which cost $60/mo, to a 100mbps connection, which now costs me $100/mo.
Granted, that is residential high speed, not commercial. Regardless, that is not the kind of improvement I'd expect over a 10 year period.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:15:36
Yeah, that absolutely sucks.
Taxes are one thing. But if my country just reached into my bank account and decided to take some money above and beyond previously agreed upon tax rates, I'd be pretty motivated to leave the country - if they let me.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:18:33
Yeah, I see your point, but you (as a bitcoiner) are a minority in the world. The problem will persist because most people won't jump through the hoops you did.
One day, that might change. But the moment lots of people catch on to these workarounds, the moment they begin to seriously threaten the ability of governments to micromanage their economies, I think we could be looking at civil wars...
@_date: 2015-12-11 21:31:20
It's true of every group of people that has at least one member with missing limbs. The fact that it is true is used as a real world example of why you should only use arithmetic averages on normal distributions of continuous variables. 
@_date: 2015-06-18 19:46:34
That seems likely, but doesn't a bail out just add to the debt, meaning at some point in the future an even worse situation? Unless Greece finds a way to suddenly become a much larger economy and start to pay back its debts without having to rob its citizens.
@_date: 2015-06-07 00:42:54
Yeah, that's true...
I suspect we'll see the further development of different tiers of "DIY". Those who want full decentralization will bear all of the risks. But perhaps the equivalent of banks will develop, that will almost certainly charge fees for insurance and storage of keys.
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:29:30
I didn't even know science lectures in bars was a thing... maybe I should go to more bars.
@_date: 2015-12-09 02:52:08
After the dust clears a bit and we have a better picture of what really went down, where, and when, somebody is going to HAVE to make a drama TV series about this. In a similar vein to Narcos. Maybe in 10 years we'll be able to watch it :)
@_date: 2015-06-13 22:03:26
There was once a time when all of bitcoin's security and mining network was a volunteer effort done on personal computers. We'll never go back to that day, because you can't uninvent ASICs, but if it becomes non-profitable to mine, we will probably rely on volunteerism once more.
But I say *if*. Whether it is profitable or not depends on the value of the coins and the amount of fees being paid.
More realistically, bitcoin will find an equilibrium between transaction fees, volunteerism, and the value of a Satoshi that will work just fine. It may just mean that microtransactions need to be handled off-chain until they are bundled together into single, larger transactions so that the fees don't greatly impact the value transferred.
@_date: 2015-12-06 21:41:19
That's no worse, IMO, than setting a per-determined schedule such as BIP 101. In the end somebody has to make a decision, and unless that person is a time traveller, they could very well end up making the wrong one.
That's why I prefer BIP 100. It provides the ability to change things on the fly. BIP 101 sets things in stone from the get-go.
I guess something similar to BIP 101 could be made where *clients* vote on block size, with the recommended default for bitcoin clients being "no vote". So, those users who are confident enough to go into the prefs and set some value in there will have their vote encoded in their transactions. Even more democratic than giving that power to the miners - assuming democracy is what we're after.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:03:11
Nothing is "gone" until the end of the month.
As shit-hits-the-fan deadlines approach, people suddenly become much more willing to compromise. So talks between Greece and its creditors are more likely to be successful the closer you get to the last minute. There's just going to be more and more motivation to find a solution that minimized the damage. That's the way *all* negotiations work.
As to the role of bitcoin in this discussion - even if Greece implements capital controls, they will be joining many countries to have already done so. Has bitcoin changed the world for those other countries? No, not yet. So it won't change the world for Greece either.
As for the cause of the problem - Greece borrowed a shit-ton of money from other Eurozone nations and now has to pay back its creditors - bitcoin won't solve that either. Assuming the world embraces bitcoin tomorrow, you can rest assured that nations will find an off-chain method for establishing bitcoin credit - and it is likely that in such a scenario, the amount of credit would quickly overtake the amount of bitcoin that will ever exist.
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:15:14
I can't tell if that's wishful thinking, delusion, truth, or trolling, and the all caps just makes me even more unsure.
@_date: 2015-06-01 00:36:47
What makes you think he already hasn't?
I consider it very likely that the person/persons behind Satoshi never left the scene at all, but merely dropped the pseudonym and accompanying act because it had developed a cult following, and from that a degree of authority that goes against the idealism which bitcoin is founded on.
@_date: 2015-12-06 22:10:28
Your first point is well taken.
Regarding your second, hard forks potentially put people's money at risk. It's a good idea to change a protocol to address flaws, but surely you agree it's better to limit the number of times it is necessary?
This isn't like patching software, where different people can willy-nilly be using different versions with absolutely no consequence. People who are a bit too slow on the uptake might find themselves taken advantage of.
@_date: 2015-06-18 17:28:52
It's understandable, though. Bitcoin is still a fledgeling thing under construction. Right now, we're like people who have moved into the first home in a brand new subdivision. We have to deal with the fact that there aren't many other people here to have BBQs with, and the noise of the construction gets a bit much.
We have a block size debate which is being blown out of proportion to the point where it probably looks a bit scary to newcomers. We have daily stories about people losing their bitcoins to theft or seizures or whatever else. And it's still not particularly liquid. It's easy as pie to buy in... not as easy to buy groceries with the coins after the fact.
Does that look any better to the uninitiated than a bank account subjected to capital controls? Maybe to you and I because we have a better understanding of where to go to conduct commerce in bitcoin... but to a newbie this must seem like the wild west.
@_date: 2015-06-24 03:12:10
Yeah, I was thinking the stock market seems risky, but a GIC (at least from own, anecdotal experience) was very low risk.
@_date: 2015-06-24 22:16:17
If you try that, we'll just build a massive wall out of ice.
@_date: 2015-06-29 04:24:10
And you're assuming that's the only account he/she has.
I can't speak for anyone else, but I've been on Reddit since 2007, and have gone through approximately 10 user accounts in that time. I've lost track of them. I outright delete them on a regular basis in order to prevent a aggregate comment history that may lead someone to my IRL identity.
Is it so far of a stretch to think that other people on (of all places) might adopt similar strategies? Or just go through multiple accounts for different reasons?
I mean if you're going to point out how a person might be misleading us, you should at least accept that maybe they aren't.
@_date: 2015-06-02 05:13:01
It makes sense on the rare occasions when that is necessary to protect people, eg Dorian, from mistaken identity. But I don't see why it's necessary in other cases.
@_date: 2015-06-12 00:33:29
Cool. This is potentially one of bitcoin's *extremely few* killer apps. Almost everything else being done with bitcoin is building out the payment network as opposed to the actual use cases.
Keep plugging away at it - I look forward to the day where eBay have actual competition at last.
@_date: 2015-06-23 18:40:12
Yup, that's my guess. They may not be innovators anymore, but they have the funds to buy out the innovators and that's basically just as good.
@_date: 2015-06-24 22:21:53
So the blockchain (for full nodes) would grown by 10GB every 10 minutes.
I am not entirely convinced that Moore's law and Neilson's law will actually keep up to the point where that will be possible by 2036.
We're going to need ways to compress/encode blocks that reduces their size. Sure, you've got pruning nodes... but someone has to run a full node, yes?
@_date: 2015-05-23 01:44:07
You can't change human nature. Of course the government is greedy, and you know policitians will lie their ass off to get re-elected. Not to mention we have senators that don't give a shit what the public thinks in the first place... they're there for life (I live in  Canada, they don't get elected at all, they don't have fixed terms).
Yes, extortion is morally wrong. But every man for himself is also morally wrong, to me. Maybe not to you. Every man for himself is the problem that society tries to solve. Problem is, every plausible idea I can come up with to put together a working society involves some sort of moral compromise. 
I agree with you much moreso than I might make it seem. The only reason I have some arguments is because I don't think these problems can be solved with any system of economy/society/government that is currently possible. Including libertarianism. Our governments were once much smaller, much simpler, basically libertarian compared to what we have now. But they tended towards what we have now - a complex web of crazy laws, most of which the average person isn't even aware of existing. But they were created for a reason. We lack the historical perspective to truly appreciate why, but there were problems - or are least perceived problems - that led a libertarian government to become what I would almost classify as totalitarian.
Hey, airplanes are basically flying cars, haha. Not entirely a crazy idea. While we're on the topic of the futuristic... I think humanity will always cause some suffering and implement some form of slavery in all but name, until the day that our societies are governed without emotion, greed, hate, or ego. Generalized artificial intelligence may be the only major improvement over forms of government since the Romans. Unfortunately, it's also one of those things that we have absolutely no handle on at all.
You are right, it is difficult to imagine how it would work. We should try it. I have previously thought that the idea of an experimental society that tries out all of these ideas would be a great thing to do. I don't think libertarianism can work, but I may be wrong. We won't know until it's tried, right?
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:36:33
I don't see how it's possible to live in a healthy society but not have to pay to support its upkeep. A modern society requires expensive commons. How would that get paid for without taxes?
Are you going to say it's OK to financially ruin people when they happen to get cancer from all the benzene they are breathing in thanks to our use of fossil fuels? They don't have a choice about breathing the air, either. The air pollution is a negative externality that needs to be corrected for *somehow*. They way we know how to do that is regulations on emissions and subsidies on healthcare.
I'm not saying libertarianism is impossible, but when I ask these questions the answers are usually some mixture of unchecked capitalism, to hell with externalities, or volunteerism/donations. Neither of those things can work, IMO. Uncorrected externalities will lead to very perverse incentives, and are why many regulations exist in the first place. And most people are too lazy/greedy to support a society via acts of selflessness.
Our highly taxed, highly regulated, pseudocapitalist societies didn't come to be this way overnight. It was slow process of adding regulations, changing laws, subsidizing things, etc to fix problems where these solutions, though having their own downsides, were deemed less harmful than the problems they fixed. If there are better ways of fixing the problems, we should do so. Problem is, taxes and regulations are tried and true... other mechanisms are risky.
@_date: 2015-05-20 16:11:29
I'm starting to think all that conspiracy theories about the Gox "Willy" bot might have been close to the truth. Maybe that bubbling up to $1200 was led by Gox manipulation.
@_date: 2015-05-23 01:09:20
I've traded BTC in the past, I do regret not guessing the horrible downtrend after $1200, haha. Pretty much a similar situation to your roulette analogy.
But I only regret it a little bit. At this point my investment in money for BTC is far less than my investment in time towards reading about it, talking about it, and so on. It's potentially the next big thing after the internet and I enjoy being some small part of its early days.
Bitcoin's volatility is a very good lesson in how you can control people's spending vs saving by changing interest rates. When you see the value of your coins going up, up up... why spend them now when you can get the same product for cheaper next week/month/year? When you see the value going down, better spend them now before that gizmo effectively becomes more expensive...
Honestly I think a (slightly) deflationary currency as bitcoin will eventually become can solve a lot of problems. Consumerism is too high, we're use natural resources too quickly and not putting waste into the environment at a rate that exceeds the time it takes for it to break down.
But governments will, of course, lament at dropping GDP when people purchase fewer goods/services.
Yeah I think I'm droning on a bit, haha.
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:12:58
Well I sure hope they've accomplished something with those 2.4 million euros other than building the website. But I kind of doubt it.
@_date: 2015-05-25 07:50:59
Yes, I think I am making your point. That was somewhat intentional. But I do think that, not all beneficial public efforts can be so easily accomplished.
@_date: 2015-05-23 01:52:16
Haha, excellent.
As with many good jokes... it has a grain of truth. Or maybe more than a grain.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:45:03
Yeah, I used BTC-e to trade. No issues, but I was always very careful... triple checked send/receive addresses, used good passwords (randomly generated), 2FA when it became available etc... my assumption was that if I ever needed support, I probably wouldn't get any.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:13:38
In the USA there are two political parties: the one you follow, and the enemy. Everything you dislike becomes an aspect of the enemy.
It's not much better in Canada. We have three fairly popular political parts: the one you follow, the enemy, and the one that you might conspire with to eliminate your enemy.
The us vs them thing in politics sucks. I dislike the entire concept of political parties. They are divisive and surprisingly reminiscent of religious cults.
@_date: 2015-05-29 19:02:54
Well, if you aren't using an encrypted wallet I'd probably be justified in calling you a fool, so there's that... the story of the NSA wanting to ban strong encryption comes up on this sub over and over again because it has many potential side effects, one of which is being unable to protect your private key(s) from prying eyes.
I'm not saying it's worth obsessing over minor developments on this story (the UN can't do anything to control the NSA so it doesn't matter what they say) but at least there's a sort-of reason for it being here.
@_date: 2015-05-22 18:51:52
Every time I hear this story it makes me laugh. I wonder if Laszlo can laugh about it too, or if he regets it?
Last year I paid 0.4 BTC for a pair of Raspberry Pis, cases for them, and some other random stuff. So far that still feels a fair price, but I wonder what things will be like in 10 years... will I look back on my purchase with a realization that I spent a year's salary on a little toy computer?
I hope so, actually.
@_date: 2015-05-10 18:06:17
I would say that bitcoin is backed by laws of mathematics. Guns can run out of bullets but math will never run out of numbers.
@_date: 2015-05-01 20:16:50
Can we trust the patent office to research prior art before granting a patent? It seems like the usual thing is for applications to be approved even if prior art exists, and then left up to somebody to begin a costly legal battle in order to undo the carelessness of the patent office.
BitGo knows this, because everybody who knows anything about patents knows this. There's a reason "patent reform" is such a common phrase.
I would say the author of the patent can have all the best intentions in the world... but a little bit of financial difficulty, a few creditors demanding payment... and those intentions go out the window.
@_date: 2015-05-22 16:57:18
Shit, I've never seen that before.
It seems... forced. Like a hostage who is saying what they've been told to say.
@_date: 2015-05-23 05:44:29
You have rights to plenty of things aside from healthcare and education. If you live in the USA you have legal documents which try to spell many of these rights out. One of them is apparently the "pursuit of happiness" as outlined in the declaration of independence. Vague as that may be, I'm guessing it doesn't give you to right to make people do things against their will even if that furthers your pursuit of hapiness. So it would seem that even "unalienable" rights have limits.
Having a right doesn't allow you force people into slavery. It does mean, however, that society as a whole has an imperative to do what it can to enable to those rights *without undermining other rights*.
How do you give people their right to education without forcing people to be teachers, write textbooks, etc? Seems people have already figured that out... the Internet is education overload. From Vsauce to Khan Academy, it's easy and inexpensive to educate yourself. It would seem that *teaching* is easy and inexpensive enough that many people are quite happy doing it without being forced. 
How to satisfy the right to healthcare... well, that's a harder question that has divided politics and led to a lot of us vs them mentality. There is no easy answer to it yet, so we must keep brainstorming. My country's combo of taxes + universal healthcare may not be perfect but it seems to sort of work, although I have indeed seen it fail people due to limited resources... triage happens.
@_date: 2015-05-24 17:38:05
This sounds a lot like what BOINC tries to accomplish: putting global unused computing resources to use. BOINC is successful, but not as successful as they could be, because it requires a degree of volunteerism: installing the software is time and effort, and letting your computer go from idle to higher resource usage when you aren't using it can make a noticeable dent in your power bill.
And there's gridcoin, which tries to incentivize BOINC by paying those who run it cryptocurrency.
So how is this different?
@_date: 2015-05-07 02:01:50
Seems simple enough once they declare strong cryptography (your wallet is password protected, right?) a munition. I'm not joking. It may soon be illegal to use non-sanctioned (read: with legal backdoor) cryptography. In such a case, you turn it over or get accused of being a terrorist.
@_date: 2015-05-25 07:48:45
In which case, Chrome sucks.
@_date: 2015-05-28 16:58:14
A mandate is something forced. This would not ban open source, it just means that nobody will be forced to make their source code open if they don't want to.
Now if you're libertarian you should actually see mandates as generally a bad thing, even when it benefits your enemies. But if you're a realist, you might see that making governments and banks open source their code might have a long term positive effect on both security and privacy.
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:57:39
Okay, voluntarily. Maybe that can work, but people are greedy. Groups of people are known to stand by idly while a person who needs help suffers - the bystander effect. Same thing can happen in economics. "Someone else will pay for it". How do you maintain public works like roads, herd immunity via costly vaccines, purely by voluntary contributions? Roads are all or nothing: you either have them for everyone, or you don't have them at all. Okay, let's put tolls every few blocks I guess... it's just another form of theft because what are you going to do, not use roads? Herd immunity is the same: you need the vast majority of people to get the vaccine, otherwise you maintain the disease in the population and give it greater opportunity to develop resistance.
Man, if a society would work nicely on just voluntary development of public works, I'd be all over that shit. The only difference between me and a libertarian is that I don't think it'll work. I agree on the other premises: it sucks that the government takes money from us essentially at gunpoint.
I'm a realist - I see absolutely ZERO good solutions. Just some are slightly less bad than others. I see taxation as the least bad. At least I get something in exchange for it. It's a heck of a lot better than the protection money that the free market fire departments demanded before the government regulated it. You know they'd block access to your house by competing fire departments and would watch it burn if you didn't pay them?
@_date: 2015-05-22 23:12:20
That doesn't make much sense. Education and healthcare are overly expensive in the USA because people default on their payments and the hospitals make up for this by increasing their fees. That is compounded by the fact that health insurance companies do everything in their power to refuse insuring the people who would most need it.
Healthcare is seldom a cheap thing to start with. The equipment, resources, and wages are fairly significant costs and there's lot of administrative overhead, too. And yes, lots of regulation... for good reason. You got someone cutting you open and moving your internal organs around, that guy better have some sort of standardized training and experience.
Education can be much cheaper. The textbook suppliers are basically a racket, they coordinate to keep prices high. And there's a crazy amount of administrative overhead in colleges and universities... they are like little governments in their own right, and very wasteful. Distance education, smaller-scale institutions, and the creative commons / open source movements might greatly increase the available of education. So at least that particular effort can be made much more affordable.
And maybe advances in technology will make common healthcare tasks much more affordable and even stuff you can do at home with cheap, off-the-shelf devices, but I wouldn't hold my breath on that one.
@_date: 2015-05-22 16:48:36
You can only "dox" someone who hasn't already put that info out there themselves. Now, pasting that info here and then saying "let's get them!" is a totally different thing entirely... don't do that of course. Witch hunts on reddit have a history of ending badly.
@_date: 2015-05-22 22:55:41
The society you live in provides services. If you make use of these services while at the same time thinking it's criminal that you should be force to pay for them, don't you think that's a bit too much entitlement?
I may not be able to understand your point of view, but I do recognize that you did not get to choose where you were born, and your country imposed on you laws that were created before you were born and that you had absolutely no say in. The closest thing you can get to choice in that matter is to immigrate to a different country and then renounce your existing citizenship, which is probably a shitty process that could easily misfire and ruin your life. And it's not like you have many decent libertarian societies to choose from, either.
@_date: 2015-05-22 16:46:17
I've never heard of BTC-e being hacked, but then again, some people claim to have been defrauded by BTC-e. Not sure if they really were, or just trolling... either way it does strike me as a shady exchange, and the trollbox doesn't help.
@_date: 2015-05-22 16:36:22
How do their hot wallet private keys become compromised in the first place?
Would that not imply a leak of a database? They should not be transmitting private keys in the clear and it should be so difficult to guess a private key that you'd die of old age long before success...
However, it is nice to see that this hack, as well as the one that hit Bitstamp a while back, were fairly well contained. They're learning...
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:21:02
Yes, hyperbole. But the comment makes me think about things, and in that sense, it's not a horrible comment. Some people like their socialism. Some don't. But you don't get to choose what country you're born in.
People with different economic/social/political ideologies will continue to exist and  our societies could definitely do a better job of accommodating them.
@_date: 2015-05-20 16:15:37
Humanity could really benefit from an experimental country where the citizens and politicians feel more free to just screw around with how it works to figure out new, better ways of doing things.
I'm sure technology can measurably improve how a democratic society functions, but so far most attempts at this (eg, electronic voting machines) have failed here in North America because they were implemented poorly.
I'm pretty sure a libertarian society would be a complete and total failure, since it cannot correct for externalities (the main reason regulations exist) and would have difficulty raising capital for basic infrastructure. But somebody should try it anyway, whether to prove people like me wrong, or whether to give us evidence to back up the claim that regulation and taxes are necessary.
@_date: 2015-05-20 16:05:35
It's exciting/promising, but take a look at the world outside of online bitcoin communities.
Walk around and see what proportion of your town's business advertise that they accept bitcoin. See how many people even know that it still exists - or ever knew about it at all. Those numbers are all very low.
So just keep in mind that this sub makes bitcoin seem like it's breaking through into everyday life much moreso than it really is.
An entire country using the blockchain as a land title register? Damn, I missed that. Link? Of all the developments you cite, that is the most interesting to me.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:07:31
I do think, though, that education and healthcare are basic rights and shouldn't bankrupt people when they get sick or want a college education. They are just so important to improving our societies.
It seems to work OK in Canada, but we're much less socialist than you. Mostly capitalist over here, with some socialist tendencies.
I like to say that anything in excess is bad news. Pure capitalism - bad news because of uncorrected externalities. But too much regulation is bad too. Gotta find a decent middle ground, an optimal point between competing tradeoffs. I hope that technology can reduce a lot of those tradeoffs in time, but governments seem averse to embracing technology in ways that could actually make a difference.
@_date: 2015-05-23 01:22:07
PS: the vaccine is the MMR vaccine, and it's *not* expensive. Because the government subsidizes it.
People who think measles is a joke only think that because they have not lived through an epidemic. All of these recent "outbreaks" that have made international news... they are nothing compared to historical epidemics. Ask older people what it was like. I mean it wasn't the plague or anything, but bad enough that you want to snuff it out if possible.
The concept of herd immunity applies to a lot of other disease, too. It's partly about wanting to keep the disease at such low levels that it doesn't have much opportunity to develop resistance. Partly also to cover for the fact that a small percentage of the population can't get the vaccine because of other health conditions, like allergies or autoimmune disorders. But even the unvaccinated are kept safe as long as most other people are vaccinated - simply because the biggest factor in the spread of the disease is the number of people actively spreading it.
@_date: 2015-05-09 17:11:52
Very true.
@_date: 2015-05-25 07:53:41
Well, the point of subsidies is supposed to be to correct misallocations: if society is not allocating enough resources to something, you subsidize it. But I don't know how often it actually works out that way.
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:13:10
Oh, I fully agree. That is why the distinction between representative government and totalitarian government is so important. Either one can ruin your life if you give them reason, but at least - in theory - a representative government allows you some measure of control over its future direction.
Unfortunately I am not convinced that our representative governments are anything more than layers of abstraction wrapped around dictatorships. I don't believe there is a single country on earth that actually has democracy in the true sense of the word.
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:32:19
Here's a better analogy. Because it's not an analogy at all, it's actually real. There is a terrible contagious disease that disfigures and kills. But there's a vaccine. Here's the rub, though: the vaccine is expensive and only truly works if a large proportion of people get it. That's called herd immunity and it's a real thing. Sadly, most people won't be able to afford the vaccine which undermines the entire goal.
So what do you do? Well, you could start up a non-profit that collects donations and tries to provide the vaccine to people for free or at least cheaply. Maybe enough billionaires will contribute enough to account for the fact that 99% of people won't even donate a penny. Hopefully the non-profit doesn't pay its execs and employees such high wages that 75% of the donations go to administrative overhead. I put the chances of this working as slim to none.
The other option, which is what we actually have, is that the government subsidizes the vaccine, and puts a great deal of pressure on people to get it. So we get our herd immunity, at least as long as the crazies don't start telling people the vaccine causes autism.
How do you deal with this situation without taxes? The answer of libertarians seems to be "you don't; you are lucky to have merely been born, anything else is extra". That is fucked up thinking, IMO. But if you want to live like that... there are always international waters and houseboats.
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:25:30
I think your chances may be fairly good regarding those laptops. Don't limit yourself to pawn shops. Check craigslist, Kijiji, eBay, etc. But be a bit careful... you don't want to go over to some guy's home and reveal that you are the victim and that you know the laptops are stolen. 
They will quite possibly be formatted. DO NOT TURN THEM ON. You do not want to write any more data to the HD at all...
Pull the HDs out and use an enclosure or adapter to connect them via USB or SATA to a different, secured computer that has already booted. Better is to boot from a USB stick into Ubuntu or something but that may not be necessary. Then use software designed to scan for "deleted" files. There is probably software out there specifically designed to search for bitcoin wallet files, and perhaps even specific to your wallet file format (core, Electrum, etc).
@_date: 2015-01-24 06:41:14
No, [coinfire says it was not due to expire]( and don't believe their account password was compromised either. Doesn't leave many options except for an inside job or extreme carelessness at Freenom.
FWIW, my own domain name registrar controls have an "expire" option that, if I were to use it, would immediately cause my domain name to expire.
Perhaps an attacker was able to accomplish something similar with the Coin fire name.
@_date: 2015-01-26 00:38:05
I understand, but the way the law works on paper, and the way it is (mis)used are two different things. That guy will only get his Trezor back after a potentially lengthy and annoying, possibly expensive legal battle. It's a $100 device so it might not even be worth it, he might just buy a new Trezor and use the seed to remake the wallet... and hide the thing from now on.
So for all intents and purposes, the law be damned, the cops can do this kind of thing, and regardless of the legality, use it as a way to punish people who mouth them off or whatever. Even if a cop does something illegal, we have seen over and over that they will probably be defended by their peers and their victims will be financially hurt by the incident.
Your point is that the law says this is illegal. My point is it doesn't matter what the law says. The police ARE the law.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:55:33
Just a tip, don't complain about downvotes so quickly. You don't get a good sample size of votes right away, nor an unbiased readership. You gotta give it time.
I would like to hope that people here are not so blinded by a hypothetical utopia so as to ignore bitcoin's faults. It has faults, and we need to acknowledge this because that's how you fix em.
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:35:38
Yeah, as a programmer I was confused as to how you could identify millions (billions if it's worldwide) of people with only 16 possible combinations.
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:14:47
True, but I am not convinced that Bistamp is capable of physically securing a server to a greater extent than Amazon. And maybe, just maybe, whoever at Bitstamp (or Pantera) that made this judgement call thought the same: "what if one of my employees did this?"
I used to work for a company that kept their servers in the office, in an air-conditioned walk-in-closet type room. Anyone could walk into the server room. There were no security cameras. Even if there were... I had a physical key, not a key card that tracked my identity, so I could have shown up late at night after everyone was gone wearing a disguise and not cared one bit about the building's surveillance. I often worked after hours, and was the last person there on several occasions. I didn't have root access to the server, but I had physical access. Could have taken a HD if I wanted to, planted a bug, or stuck a USB keylogger in a clever place. Now, had this company I worked for had billions of dollars in bitcoin I might hope they'd do things differently. But that's just hope. Reality looks more like quagmires of CAT5 cable, unlocked doors, and passwords written down on sticky notes stashed under keyboards.
The reality of a start-up is much more often like this than you'd hope. Your worst fears are, in fact, usually true. It takes a lot hard work to do things the right way, and start-ups seem more prone to being sloppy because, to use the jargon, they are more "cowboy".
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:16:29
Wow, that's cheap... I was expecting more like several hundred $/year.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:23:51
What is the consensus on storing encrypted private keys in the cloud? That's what I've done in the past... used a strong password to encrypt a zip file, which contain the private key.
But now, I'm using electrum. I have my seed written down on paper but as bitcoin increases in popularity, a great proportion of would-be thieves will learn to recognize these lists of words for what they are. So this is a temporary solution, I am sure.
I've given thought to using a dictionary text file with tens of thousands of words, storing it in the cloud, but then writing down my "seed" only as a series of numbers that indicate which words to pull from the dictionary file. That way an attacker needs to steal my piece of paper, but also get access to my cloud service.
@_date: 2015-01-25 07:33:05
It takes less than an hour to register a domain name... unless they have other major security problems to deal with they should be well recovered by now.
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:01:27
People are trying this. Tim Draper is funding a company trying to get bitcoin working as a means of exchange in many developing countries.
The phrase "network effect" is often used to describe bitcoin. In reality, though, for bitcoin to break through into markets already dominated by other methods of exchange, it is the pre-existing systems that have the network effect working for them, not bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:13:56
That does indeed seem like an obvious solution.
But not everybody can be a Mark Zuckerberg, taking on roles of geek and businessperson without missing a beat. Perhaps SatoshiLabs needs to hire somebody to do the PR and financing and other business stuff for them.
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:47:31
It's about damage control.
If their options are:
1) Restrict the use of their source code which will piss off their user base and not stop copycats in China anyway, because they don't care and it's prohibitively expensive to sue them
2) Keep their product as open as possible and try to compete
The correct option should have been clear. Granted, these two options are not necessary mutually exclusive, so it's a bit of a false dichotomy. They probably didn't anticipate the backlash against their attempts at revisionist history licensing and might have planned to do a bit of both. Which is surprising. It's a pretty bloody shady move to try to undo licensing. I've got stuff that I regret putting commercial creative commons licenses on, but watching companies make money off my hard work without giving me a penny is better than being dishonest and trying to cover up the fact that I ever licensed my work commercially.
Also, if Trezor goes out of business, their R&amp;D is sunk costs they'll never get back. So even if they sell Trezors for much cheaper than they hope, it's better than not selling them at all. It'll just take much longer to offset the initial R&amp;D costs.
@_date: 2015-01-21 22:00:40
Well I'm going to have to look into this. I definitely have documents I should be storing in a safe location... even just documentation of home contents and receipts for insurance purposes. Passport, perhaps, as well... birth ceritifate.
I gotta do this... 
So you'd recommend putting an unencrypted paper wallet in there? Why unencrypted? So that it could be passed on as inheritance, I guess?
Edit: actually, I think it was someone else recommended the plain-test paper waller approach.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:42:04
Unfortunately, though, our trust has also been shaken with regards to Trezor, because they have acted dishonestly in this instance do not regret it (and if they seem to in the future, it will only be because of the pitchfork posse). It is perhaps safe to assume they have acted dishonestly elsewhere but have not yet been caught.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:07:04
Of the main benefits of open source is that it makes things open and free to use. That is, not proprietary. SL cannot revoke the open source license, no matter what they do.
It's out of their hands now.
If SL fails, and we can agree that BWallet is a bit sketchy, then we will have to wait for a third contender to take the source code and hardware designs and produce a better offering.
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:13:32
See? Proof I wouldn't be a good CEO.
Although I might file that one away as "random dude of Reddit says not to do it" so I don't look like an ass later on. Without enough advice from random dudes I might be able to fake my way through being a CEO, if that ever happens.
@_date: 2015-01-10 03:49:22
"Hardware" implies nothing at all about control. AWS is as much hardware as a server sitting in my living room.
If I have interpreted the announcement correctly, Bitstamp no longer directly controls their hardware. They must go through Amazon to have hardware changes made. They now only directly control the code that runs on it, the server configuration (no doubt somewhat limited), and so on.
As to whether they are on shared or dedicated servers, I don't know. I would guess shared, but that doesn't mean insecure. The internet can be thought of as one giant computer. The ethernet, fiber optic, etc data lines that connect us all together make it exactly that. Yet it can be secure because there are security measures put in place at the ends of those data lines to encrypt traffic, reject packets, and reroute stuff properly, which comes down to software. Why can't a shared hosting service have similarly secured software?
This is precisely what you'd want if you suspected an insider directly compromised the previous hardware but you didn't know who exactly. You'd want to take the hardware out of as many employee's hands as possible, at least until you know exactly who was responsible for the hack. In fact, I would not be surprised to find out that Pantera (who appears to have helped with the setup) insisted on this.
Another way of looking at this: who do you trust more to asses whether a server is secure: some "computer experts" at a start-up, or Amazon who apparently has such a well-proven track record that [this happens](
Maybe Bitstamp or Pantera decided that Amazon was the less risky option. 
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:21:56
There's nothing about CC that prevents it use for software. Software qualifies under copyright of written words, which CC covers quite well. It's just that CC is very generic, whereas the GPL is software-specific.
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:45:00


I agree with that.


Let me make this clear. GPL is not just a legal endorsement to use their stuff, it's a commitment to an entirely different economic system. Doing open source work is *volunteerism*. If SatoshiLabs didn't understand that, they are idiots.
You are saying that's it's wrong to just take something, even when the people have said "please take this"? That's precisely what the GPL says: it's a big sign that says "please take this".
You can't just use the GPL to gain favor among the geek community. That's not what it's for. It's for doing work and *giving it away for nothing more than thanks*. The open source community thrives because people actually enjoy giving stuff away for free and being recognized by their accomplishments by the community. Some people even make money be selling services, like customer support. Others just ask for donations.
Apparently SatoshiLabs just wanted to make it so that people could see their code and designs for auditing purposes but didn't want to give away permission to take it willy-nilly. In which case they make a horrible choice with the GPL. But it's too late now. It is not legal to revoke the license like this.
@_date: 2015-05-27 19:24:26
Although, we are taking about the far future here. Like, 80 years from now. If bitcoin is still around then I suspect miners costs will be denominated in bitcoin, not fiat.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:01:03
I will add one point.
If I recall, the bootloader for the Trezor was *not* open sourced. In which case, BWallet may have infringed copyright, and SatoshiLabs may theoretically have a legal case against them. I don't know if this is the case or not.
Of course, that's all moot if traveling to China and battling out a protracted legal case is beyond what SatoshiLabs can afford to do.
If BWallet really did infringe copyright here, the sad reality is that there are no good guys at all. BWallet would be in infringement, and SatoshiLabs would be colossal douchebags by attempting to retroactively back out of their commitment to open source. We would then be waiting for a third company to come along and do things right for a change.
@_date: 2015-01-10 04:25:40
There are two possible meanings of "new" in this case. New as in "we just peeled off the static-cling plastic", or new as in "not what we had before".
We can guess through context that they probably meant the latter, which is unfortunate, because peeling off that static cling plastic is positively orgasmic.
Of course it would be nice if they provided more technical details. The bitcoin community at this point is comprised mostly of technical minded folks, so it's not like the details would be ignored.
@_date: 2015-01-24 04:14:19
I'm confused. What does your comment have to do with this discussion? It seems completely off topic. Clearly I've missed some drama that would provide context for your reply. Did coin fire recently publish something that pissed people off?
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:18:57
If you ever do decide to experiment with programming, I recommend starting with microcontrollers, especially kits like Arduino or others. You can do a surprising number of *very useful things* with extremely few lines of code.
Seriously, I don't know how I survived before without this hobby in my life.
@_date: 2015-01-24 06:18:47
Doesn't change the fact that "namecheap" is a horrible name and leaves one hell of a bad first impression.
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:19:17
Haha, fair enough. Have fun, you're in an exciting field... although the job security probably leaves something to be desired ;)
I hope you succeed beyond your wildest dreams.
@_date: 2015-01-21 22:08:14
Yeah, he didn't seem to account for the fact that bitcoin needs to have enough value in circulation at any given time (there must be an economic term for that) for use as a currency at whatever level of adoption.
That little flaw aside, though, his point is really just that right now, the price of bitcoin is almost completely speculation. There isn't enough adoption to push the price around, and that is probably why news stories about adoption have little to no effect on price, while things happening with the exchanges and regulation can make the price go mad.
Of course it doesn't take a huge article to explain that.
And you just can't believe that the blockchain will be this amazingly important thing without thinking that the value of the associated "coinage" will increase, because it must, as it is the only incentive to run gigantic server rooms full for payment processors. Even if bitcoin is replaced, any decentralized system needs to provide incentive for the nodes and miners to operate. This is probably why we've been talking about P2P mesh networks for years and yet we still pay through the nose for shitty internet service full of back doors and censorship. Hoping that activists and volunteers will pay out of pocket to keep a system going is a bad idea. You need to pay them.
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:06:29
Okay, those are some good points and worth pondering over. But subsidies don't always take the form of cheap loans. Often they take the form of money given to the producer of the good/service to offset operational/equipment costs. Eg, farming. In that case the price of the product/service drops which still increases demand, but the subsidy also increases supply by reducing barriers to entry, so it has a rather different effect. Corn would be a lot more expensive than it is if farmers weren't paid by the government to grow it.
I remember people paying $10k for Lasik in the 90s. Per eye. And getting semi-botched results... yikes.
@_date: 2015-05-27 19:42:02
Why not set block size limit algorithmically? Use difficulty as an indicator of computing power (which can also inform us about storage cost per mb) and just modify it with a coefficient or conversion factor. Changing it now to 20mb is fine and all, but it does mean we will go through the same BS in 5 or 10 years. You might still have to fix a runaway algorithm but there's also a chance it will work really well.
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:14:34
Out of curiosity, where *is* a good place to store a seed, or a paper wallet, to protect it from theft or fire but also make it convenient and free to store in that location?
A regular Joe is NOT going to pay for a safe deposit box, or hide a fire safe in a hole under the foundation, or memorize a nonsensical phrase of 16 words, or BIP encrypt a paper wallet and hide it in a book at a relative's place.
Even something like a Trezor... you're going to write that seed down in and store it... where? Mine is in my physical wallet. If somebody steals my wallet and recognizes the seed for what it is... well, then I'm screwed unless I can rush home after being mugged or whatever and move my coins more quickly than they can.
If mainstream adoption of bitcoin is to ever happen, it needs to be ridiculous easy and free to completely secure your wallet seed, without having to memorize it or go to great lengths to hide it. Honestly, the challenge seems almost insurmountable.
Satoshi solved a major mathematical problem, and the blockchain itself is extremely safe. But you've got humans in positions of responsibly to safeguard their private keys, and, speaking for myself at least, many of them are too lazy to try as hard as we probably should.
@_date: 2015-01-29 01:44:47
I really appreciate your notes on the security flaws present in this knock-off unit. I had no plans to buy one anyway... just based on its appearance, you can tell they cut corners on the physical build. That almost always means they cut corners everywhere else, too. My experience with cheap knock-off products, whether electronics or optics or just metal fasteners and hardware, is always universal. They suck. NEVER buy cheap knockoffs. They might cost you less up-front, but they always cost you more in the end.
However, I am a bit disappointed in your creative accounting to try to suggest that your product is somehow cheaper to buy. It should be clear to everyone that the *total cost* of a *fully loaded* device including all software, updates, and support, is all that matters in a practical sense. Spending a paragraph trying to suggest otherwise is, IMO, insulting to the intelligence of this community.
@_date: 2015-01-24 05:23:09
Just wanted to say that I had very little idea about what the heck was going on with GAW or Paycoin (except that they were both wildly unpopular here) until this incident. And I hadn't been following you guys as a news source for bitcoin, either.
I'll make sure to follow you on twitter, I could use a good source of news.
I'm sure I'm not alone here... this situation could be your very own Streisand effect. Well, maybe a little bit anyway. Make sure you tweet out your new domain name when you get it up and running. And don't use that same registrar ever again. A good registrar should support 2FA, have registrar locks, and privacy gaurd. Those things cost money... I pay about $100/year for mine but the place feels like Fort Knox.
@_date: 2015-01-24 04:07:36
IMO buying a domain name (or a kidney) from a place with "cheap" in their name isn't such a great idea. Domain names are already cheap. Why go for bottom of the barrel?
Edit: apparently these guys are actually really awesome, just with a really un-awesome company name. TIL. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 07:08:07
It's not even two pictures. This one is a repost, the photo is exactly the same.
@_date: 2015-01-23 05:00:16
Well it's a shame you're so lazy, because with a one-liner like "don't do anything with your life or you'll go to jail" you'd make a hell of a motivational speaker.
@_date: 2015-05-23 00:04:06
Roads are probably not the only public service you use, unless you live in an extremely rural area without sewage/water/electricity/fire department/police. Many of those services you cannot appreciate until you actually need them. And just because you may be paying for some of those things, don't make the mistake of believing that they aren't heavily subsidized. The utility charges that cities levy on to your property taxes... are still taxes.
Ever noticed that all sorts of different services string their data lines up along the same poles? The poles themselves are public infrastructure. Electricity distribution is also public infrastructure.
I agree that monopolies are bad news, as are rackets and oligarchies and all of that. But capitalism naturally leads to those things, too, when barriers to entry are high. You think capitalism always forces companies to compete for you? There are plenty of clever tricks that allow a market leader to snuff out competition long before they even get going. One of them, as you can see with telecom companies, is the enormous investment into infrastructure. Most of the smaller "competitors" actually are resellers of the big guy's services... passing on bulk discounts and making you think you're seeing the free market in action. Meanwhile if anyone actually tries to offer a real competing service, the big guy does everything they can to kill them off. Buy them out. Set prices so low and actually lose money but hold out for longer than the competition can. Whatever it takes. It's all fair game.
I never meant to come out so strongly opposed to libertarian ideas. I like the idea of a smaller, less invasive government, but I still think we need regulations, public services, and some way to pay for public services (not necessarily taxes but I can't think of any other options, really). I don't like the idea of war and arms dealing either, but that's not the fault of taxes. That's the fault of humans and they'd continue to do the same shit no matter what. You don't even need a government for that shit to happen. Apparently, plenty of people are happy acting on their own volition to bomb/shoot up random locations all over the planet. The taxes only add insult to injury by making you complicit in funding the crap the government was going to do no matter what. I understand what you mean by consent - but I'd like to point out that by comparing non-consentual war to rape, you are also comparing consentual war to love. Sorry, but war - with or without consent - is never akin to love. It's a horrible thing no matter what, and taxes haven't a damn thing to do with why it's horrible. If the government stopped charging taxes tomorrow, they'd pay for their wars by producing and selling even more arms.
Start thinking of the government as a corporation in itself. A corporation that has grown to accumulate so many resources that it can enslave all the rest. In a perfectly free market, corporations just like that will naturally emerge as well.
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:16:51
I don't think you and I disagree, I just didn't express myself very clearly. Their previous licensing is preserved more or less forever, unless something bad happens to the internet, so they can't revoke it for existing code. That's all I really meant.
But it's all moot now, because they went back to the LGPL after the outcry.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:06:33
What I haven't seen is anyone try to use it for a full node and comment on its memory/CPU for *that specific task*. Oh, I've seen comments all right, but not by people who *actually tried it*. It seems like most people ran into general instability issues and gave up, and have no idea what the problem was that was causing the instability.
Why would you need more than 512mb of ram for processing a few transactions per second?
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:31:22
Is the ECDSA math and logic CPU intensive? A 700 mhz CPU may seem pathetic to us these days but don't underestimate what you can do with that. I've seen conversations where people were objecting to the speed of the SD card (so plug in an HD to a powered hub), or the fact that SD cards are only good for so many write cycles to a given address (which doesn't matter because the block chain doesn't rewrite sections), or that it becomes unstable when this is attempted (a sign of bad software, not bad hardware).
I have yet to see any one try this who addressed these issues and actually got around to commenting on the actual ability of the hardware to take on the task.
But there is something to be said, that if you are hooking up external drives and powered hubs to a PI, it becomes less and less attractive as a self-contained unit. At some point you'd be spending more money than you would if you stuck a full node on a decent netbook or tablet.
Also note that ASICs can do a lot more than hashing. They can be built to do any task. However, if you're going to design an ASIC and plug it into a PI, the reality is that you're are now using the ASIC as a full node... and the PI is just a host.
I think we'll see full node hardware devices in the future based around this approach... unless bitcoin languishes.
@_date: 2015-05-09 17:10:25
If you pull from the pool of every single registered citizen, perhaps with exceptions for those who have committed violent crimes... it might work. It's hard to say I guess... the tricky part is you don't know until you try, but trying is risky.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:59:10
Huh. Good point.
Best case scenario, they can only restrict any additions they make to the code. And they must be brand new additions. Simply changing around some variable names isn't going to cut it.
@_date: 2015-01-17 22:32:27
I don't like the idea of a brain wallet. What if I have a stroke? What about older people who start to naturally forget things?
Not a good idea, IMO... just as likely to lose your seed by the ravages of time and faulty biology than by theft. You're just replacing one type of risk with another.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:33:28
Don't underestimate those little things. They are running the same sort of system-on-a-chip hardware that smartphones do, and seem to be working to release new models every so often to keep up with innovation.
They can be made even more efficient by a USB ASIC that does the hashing, and an OS that is purpose-built for being a node. Although nobody that I know of has accomplished that yet.
That said, right now bitcoin transation rates are slow. If bitcoin transaction rates suddenly increase, *current* RPis would probably be unsuitable for the job.
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:31:21
That makes a lot of sense in the way you've explained it.
Do you see performance work becoming priority at some point in the future, to potentially increase bitcoin's scalability and make it easier for people to run full nodes?
I have no idea what I was thinking of regarding the JRE thing. Maybe I got Qt and JRE confused but I don't know how that would be possible.
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:11:21
It's a pretty good comparison to make and probably lots of folks who are interested in bitcoin also have programming/electronics/robotics interests. I think this community attracts that kind of person... well, that and anarchocapitalists, haha.
Whatever Arduino is doing to succeed, they're doing it well. They make quality stuff and the community surrounding them is great.
@_date: 2015-05-24 17:26:07
What does that even mean? It's not up to your browser/the people who make your browser to act as support for specific plugins. That's up to the people who make the plugins. Only Trezor can support the plugin and only they can decide when to stop.
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:15:20
They might be able to hire someone for the job. If they actually get VC funds, what's one more salary employee?
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:47:27


That seems and odd thing to say considering that the project is *open source*. Isn't it possible to use the same protocol to do the job, but optimized for specific piece of hardware, or even baked into an ASIC?


That was my point all along, but I admit to being a bit trollish in making it. I just remember the good old days quite fondly, when stuff wasn't wrapped up in a bazillion layers of abstraction with a bazillion layers of overhead. I guess I'm getting a bit crotchety about it, haha.


Er... really? Did it ever? If no, my apologies for that.


I picked that word in haste, my apologies. Again, I have some fairly stubborn and opinionated views about the current state of software development... not anyone's fault but mine.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:51:55
Indeed, and to some extent brand recognition and build quality.
For example, I buy Arduino prototype boards over the clones because I have a perception of better build quality and wider compatibility with accessories. In reality the clones are probably pretty good, but I go with who I know, and I can't deny there's a bit of brand loyalty in my blood.
SatoshiLabs was very popular with this community until, well... yesterday/today. Man they really shot themselves in the foot. I hope they can issue a statement and do the right thing and undo their bad decision, but even still it'll take time for them to regain their prior popularity. That popularity is what they need to keep themselves alive. I would have paid $100 for a Trezor... not so sure about that now, though. 
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:19:13
I've stored my wallets on Google Drive, in an encrypted zip file. I thought of making a truecrypt image instead, but truecrypt is now a completely dead project.
@_date: 2015-01-30 00:37:16
Yes, being idealistic and wanting to contribute something big to the community can be very much at odds with making profit. I guess SatoshiLabs were hoping for a different outcome, but I don't know how they could have. It's starting to look pretty bad for them: either they leveraged the GPL purely to gain geek cred, or they didn't understand it. In either case, it destroys a lot of confidence i have in them.
Linus distributed the first version of the linux kernel in 1991. It had a "monopoly" for less than a year. In 1992 there were already at least three distributions, one of which was a commercial product. These distros used the kernel for free. They didn't have to pay for it. And now, Linux is more popular than ever, with a very large number of commercial offshoots. Linus won tons of awards, got media appearances, and became a geek celebrity... but he cannot change the fact that the Linux kernel is no longer his, just as bitcoin no longer belongs to Satoshi.
Arduino boards became available in 2005. It has open source hardware and software. You can legally make a clone, and exactly same design and everything. They only thing they have legally protected is the Arduino trademark itself. Now, tons of clones exist, which are pin-out compatible and accept the same accessories and everything.
This is the nature of open source. If SatoshiLabs didn't understand that, that's pretty... unbelievable. If they did understand that but were hoping for more time to as a monopoly to pay for their R&amp;D, okay, understandable... except that the history of open source is not really on their side. The most popular open source projects also become the ones that are most copied.
I don't know, it seems to me like any way you cut this, SatoshiLabs come off looking foolish or dishonest. I'd rather they just be foolish, so I'm hoping them can come out and apologize and make things right again.
They can still prosper, but they have made things harder for themselves by reacting in this way.
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:43:23
They dropped the ball here... but not because of phones. A phone, at least right now, is the antithesis of what they are attempting to accomplish.
Their product is trying to be a fortress for storing bitcoins. In comparison, a phone is more like a bouncy castle.
@_date: 2015-01-21 21:58:23
Those are the people who vote, by the way. You can safely assume that their opinions on other matters, including healthcare, the economy, war... are equally misinformed.
@_date: 2015-01-24 06:34:26
Haha, fair enough.
I didn't buy bitcoin when I first heard about it because it was used in the context of buying LSD, and I had no idea that bitcoin went beyond that.
Had I known what I know now, I certainly wouldn't be living in a crappy basement suite that's so dark my plants all die, haha.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:14:02
Are you being sarcastic? I think I'd make a terrible CEO. That's why I hope I'd have the foresight to, if I somehow became a CEO, immediately hire a skilled advisor to be "acting CEO", while I spend most of my time focusing on the geeky stuff that I'm good at.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:22:05
So, why use bitcoin core?
IMO this is just a software issue. If it's that resource intensive for confirming a few transactions per second, then you can't blame the RPi. For starters... anything that runs on JRE has a pretty big footprint. It might run *fast as the wind*, but require lots of ram to do so. There are other ways.
I feel like people have no concept of what an efficient piece of software looks like these days. People use to use bitwise math and program in assembly to eek out as much performance from a machine as possible. Now, people don't give a shit. Fast CPUs and gigabytes of RAM have made them lazy and inefficient.
@_date: 2015-01-29 21:31:01
Except it's firmware, which is absolutely required to make the device operate. Considering that you have *no option* - they will burn out the programming fuse if you just buy the $19 Trezor without the firmware. So it'll be a paperweight.
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:30:28
Agreed, they could really leverage the open source nature of the project and get the community involved.
People have suggested fixes to their code to improve security (to address math operation timing related attacks, for example). This would get done very quickly if the project had an active community and outside contributors.
@_date: 2015-01-23 22:26:12
To add to your other replies, it is currently pseudo-anonymous. Despite the fact that the word pseudo means "false", I think what is really meant is "optional anonymity if the end user jumps through a few hoops".
This is facilitated by the fact that you can't be 100% sure which part of a transaction is the change (provided the recipient created a brand new receiving address), combined with the creation of new change addresses for every change transaction. That adds some doubt into transactions.
But it's still up to the end user not to reveal the identity associated with any of their public keys. Doing so means not using those services that require you to do so. Of course these centralized services which sit on top of bitcoin are optional, not required. They add convenience, that's all. And if you are paying for something that needs to be shipped to you, the person/company you buy it from now knows at least one public key that is associated with your name/address.
I'm fine with my pseudo-anonymity... that is, I'm anonymous to most people, except for those select corporations I've chosen to do business with, and probably also to law enforcement who can connect dots through legal means that you and I can't do without getting in trouble. THis is OK for my situation because I have not used my bitcoin to do anything embarrassing, illegal, or usable as blackmail. For those who have done so, they *can* take measures to be anonymous through bitcoin using best practices, mixing services, etc. Which will of course generate controversy... the same privacy techniques that keep us safe from identity theft, smear campaigns, and blackmail also facilitate crime. I don't think it's possible to live in a free world without enabling at least some crime. You just gotta deal with the negative aspects in another way.
@_date: 2015-05-25 22:28:09
I often wonder if the future of "passwords" will eventually go in the direction of physical devices that you plug into your computer which act as password vaults that fetch a public key from the OS/service/website and return the corresponding private key. Yeah you can steal such a thing, though... So it's not really a  solution either.
@_date: 2015-01-19 23:15:44
I have no descendants (yet) to inherit what pittance I have, so no will yet.
Besides, I plan to live forever.
@_date: 2015-01-25 06:36:18
Perhaps this is just what mainstream adoption looks like... distancing themselves from the "geeks" so as to appeal to a non-geek crowd.
Still, I think it's a mistake. This is a highly technical thing and they need to stay on top of it. They can appeal to a non-geek crowd without having to cut ties with the rest of the community, but they themselves must be geeks. Security geeks, in particular. If they act with nonchalance when security flaws are pointed out to them, that's a big problem I think.
@_date: 2015-05-22 23:25:59
Right, the point being, someone hacked into the server. It wasn't just an intercepted transmission.
I do a lot of online banking. It's not just the money the banks have to protect, but identities. If someone hacked into my bank and nabbed the DB, they'd have a lot of great information for identity theft purposes. Millions of customer credit card numbers, names, addresses, and account histories that would lead the hackers to even more personal information. Somehow the banks keep their servers fairly secure - I'm sure they aren't perfect but stories of hacked banks seem fairly rare. How do they do this? I can only assume it's a simple explanation: well established protocols for testing code in successive layers of staging environments before going live, physically protected server rooms, security cameras, and extremely experienced IT personnel.
Most bitcoin services should be doing the same, really. They are banks in everything but name!
@_date: 2015-05-07 02:08:53
Actually they sort of became parodies of themselves. Now the government itself is the one terrorizing citizens. Good intentions and all that... I am starting to think the next evolution in government is going to be putting a computer in charge.  Humans are too easily corrupted.
@_date: 2015-01-29 23:04:36


First, don't confuse copyright infringement with theft. Second, the GPL license intentionally allows rather unrestrictive use of copyright.
SathoshiLabs said "here is our hardware and software... use it however you want as long as you license it in the same way and attribute us for the original source code and hardware design"
That is literally a plain English translation of the GPL. If BWallet didn't attribute them, or use the same GPL license, or if they took some aspect of the Trezor that *wasn't* open source, then SatoshiLabs can technically sue. But otherwise, tough luck. I guess they should have hired a lawyer to explain to them what the implications of the GPL were, because they don't seem to have understood.
They volunteered to do R&amp;D work for the entire world. It's not theft or any indecency at all to say "thanks, I'll use that!" when somebody is handing out free shit.
SatoshiLab's problem is that they seem to have been unaware that they were, in fact, handing out free shit. And it's too late now because the law doesn't permit revoking a license of this kind.
@_date: 2015-01-24 04:01:09
What sort of locks?
Most registrar's offer a pretty rudimentary service and these features may not be universal. 
@_date: 2015-01-25 07:26:50
If the police believe it does, then it does. They are the enforcers. They aren't going to arrest themselves over something like this... it's rare enough that they arrest one of their own when they blatantly commit murder while on duty. Compared to that, theft is absolutely nothing at all.
@_date: 2015-01-25 00:29:26
If you read the comments on github, circle have now requested to not be included on bitcoin.org at all, claiming the reason has to do with bitcoin.org not being the right target audience. I call BS. No sane person would reject an endorsement like this. The reason they asked not to be included is so that bitcoin.org no longer scrutinizes them against their inclusion requirements. It is a technique to avoid scrutiny.
@_date: 2015-01-30 08:25:40
What term(s) does the FSF recommended we use, and when?
@_date: 2015-01-29 22:16:31
It's also not legal (note: not the same as illegal).
This means that even with the new license, they can't enforce it. The law doesn't permit you to revoke a license like this, because it's one sided. It's not an agreement between two parties where it can be revoked if one side violates it. It's a offering from SatoshiLabs to the entire world, and cannot be revoked. No matter what.
It's written in stone now. They can license new versions of the software and firmware however they want, but prior versions MUST keep the original license.
@_date: 2015-01-30 23:03:30
That's just ambiguous in a different way because it applies to both freeware and "free and open source" software.
And nobody is going to say "free and open source". It's too much of a mouthful.
FSF's recommendations will be ignored by most. The vernacular has already permeated the masses. Open source = free and open source unless specified otherwise.
@_date: 2015-05-31 23:59:11
Are we just going to ignore the fact that seized documents (his personal journal and chat logs he saved to his laptop, which was taken in an unlocked state) demonstrate that he did indeed call for several executions, right down to negotiating over the price - during which be brought up prior hits that he managed to get done cheaply?
Okay, the guy he was chatting with was a corrupt agent, absolutely. And sure, I'm aware of no evidence that a single person ever died because of Ross's direct actions.
But as they say, intent is 9/10ths of the law. Ross intended to have people killed, whether or not he was successful doesn't matter as much as you might think.
@_date: 2015-05-22 19:00:19
Really, the back end responsible for moving money from point a to point b can't do much to control distribution anyway. That's up to how people decide to use the system. The system must remain agnostic to how it is used, otherwise you might restrict its use in ways that can have huge unintended consequences later on. Society changes over time, economic systems change, governments change - a good system needs to accept such change as much as possible. I think bitcoin fits that bill reasonably well, although it will be interesting to see what the consequences to our privacy are of having a completely open ledger. People like to say bitcoin is anonymous but you have to tip-toe around it with great care to make that happen. Otherwise, with a bit of effort, maybe a subpeona here or there, your entire transaction history can be pinned directly to you... and all of the things you've purchased, all of the trades you've made.
@_date: 2015-05-22 23:02:57
Negative externalities are pretty common: pollution and overexploitation of natural resources are one of the main drivers of new regulations these days.
Positive externalities exist too - things that are actually good, eg services that would do a lot of collective good, but are not profitable. For example, free vaccinations develops herd immunity. If you had to pay for them, fewer people would get them, and herd immunity would falter.
@_date: 2015-01-30 01:10:33
I think you misunderstand what the point of a Trezor is. The point is to keep the device *disconnected* from everything else for as much as possible, not vulnerable to malware. To make it do a single thing, and do it well, so that it is extremely simple and much less prone to vulnerabilities. To make the source code and hardware transparent and auditable by anyone who cares to inspect it.
iPhone and Android are none of these things. They are both connected, vulnerable to malware, and not easily auditable. They are complicated devices running complicated software, with a much higher probability of vulnerabilities and back doors. You don't know.
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:12:05
The bitcoin community has exposed me to points of view I *never* encounter in Canada. It can be difficult to understand such "alien" points of view, but I try... I may not agree but I want to understand so that I'm not disagreeing for stupid reasons.
Indeed, some of this libertarianism has rubbed off on me. I never used to have much of an opinion about taxes. It's such a mundane part of life in Canada. Sales tax is just the way it is. Property tax, hotel tax, fuel tax... it's so pervasive that paying taxes is about as unconscious as breathing. Income tax, well, I haven't paid that in years (my income is under the provincial and federal limits for taxation). So taxes don't piss me off much because I see them as "just the way it is". Maybe I'd think differently if I were rich and saw huge chunks of my work go up in smoke. Meanwhile, other people rally to tax the rich so as to even out the distribution of wealth. No matter what, one group or the other is going to leave the table disappointed.
@_date: 2015-05-23 06:50:17
... that game is worth it.
@_date: 2015-05-22 17:09:57
I'm not sure utopia is possible for us. There will always be certain groups of humans willing and able to ruin it.
That said, relative to what conditions are like in other parts of the world, I'm pretty much living in a utopia right now.
@_date: 2015-08-06 00:42:48
I think you mean private key. Public keys are, as the name implies, never secret.
@_date: 2015-08-12 00:30:37
Except they do behave like that. Banks will cancel your accounts without warning for any number of reasons. In most cases, you will know you're doing something shady ahead of time, though. So when the inevitable happens you'll be able to guess why.
But with bitcoin, the law is equal parts confusing, unwritten, and stupefied. Hard to know what the heck happened here. It could almost be anything.
@_date: 2015-07-06 22:31:27
So it seems to me that bitcoin needs to quickly hokey-pokey the last ever BIP. Then stay set in stone from that moment on.
At least if we want to avoid long forks.
@_date: 2015-07-07 02:28:47
Yeah, evolution in that case would be called "time to make bitcoin 2.0/3.0/etc - this version failed".
Really, a new protocol and blockchain, as necessary, with a proof-of-burn method for converting bitcoin 1.0 to bitcoin 2.0 accomplishes the same thing as a hard fork - with the added benefit that it prevents double spends.
@_date: 2015-07-21 01:11:04
I know you're being sarcastic, but that's actually kind of genius. Store them on a sandboxed device that has low theft appeal and doesn't scream out "here be bitcoin".
@_date: 2015-07-26 00:35:24
Unless they get paid in bitcoin, it probably can't.
If they get paid in bitcoin, they can avoid the high fees to cash checks, but will need to figure out how to spend those bitcoin even at business that don't officially accept them (eg, a bitcoin debit card, if those things can be trusted). Because there just aren't many business who DO officially accept them.
But maybe things will change.
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:10:13
If that were to happen, no more than two weeks later difficulty would greatly decrease, leading to a glut of new miners.
So on a longer term, it won't be half of miners switching off. It will be some percentage less, since difficulty changes will find an equilibrium where most miners still just barely struggle to stay in business.
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:59:33
It hasn't much, except to reaffirm what I already knew: that politicians are quick to legislate but slow to understand.
@_date: 2015-04-21 21:03:04
Any users here that can comment on the progress?
I am getting an increasingly nagging feeling that this is moving so slowly that someone else is likely to come out of left field and completely take over with a more polished and complete service.
@_date: 2015-04-21 20:59:10
Calling out misleading marketing is a good thing, isn't it? Bitcoin already has a bad reputation... if you want it to succeed it needs to stop being associated with questionable business practices.
Not that I think Xapo is being deliberately dishonest here, but I totally understand where people are coming from when they follow up with posts like these.
@_date: 2015-04-23 04:32:14
That read like a laundry list of things I am completely ignorant about...
So, fair point.
@_date: 2015-04-23 04:33:21
Good points.
@_date: 2015-04-30 18:49:10
It's interesting... using bitcoin to send value as, say, US dollars... without ever knowing you're using bitcoin. I know that bitcoin and the blockchain cannot be separated, but they sure as heck can be relegated to back-end functionality that end users don't have to see. This is as close to the embodiment of "blockchain technology only" as we can probably get. From the end user's point of view, it's just dollars. From Circle's point of view, they're just using the blockchain as a replacement for a giant data center for storing and processing transactions. Bitcoin has become a loophole around barriers to entry for financial services companies... and that may turn out to be its main impact in the end.
A year ago I wouldn't have seen that one coming, but now it just seems a natural extension of the way everybody's been using bitcoin anyway (aside from traders).
@_date: 2015-04-24 03:02:31
Using gift cards purchased with bitcoin to buy stuff doesn't quite count IMO. You are not paying at Starbucks with bitcoin, you are paying Fold with bitcoin, who gives you a virtual gift card, which you then use to pay starbucks.
But I will admit, this does sound reasonably painless and there is a savings there... but 20% off? Not sure how that works given that Fold is an added middle-man. Where does the savings come from? Debit and CC processing fees aren't that high. I guess it must be a promotional price.
@_date: 2015-04-21 18:53:29
Pretty sure down/upvote brigades are standard practice in many of these more controversial subs. We gotta admit that bitcoin seems to attract people with particularly aggressive personalities... if this sub was a real life forum there'd be one hell of a lot of shouting.
@_date: 2015-04-21 22:05:46
Yes... I am aware of that.
@_date: 2015-04-21 21:38:02
This is very exciting, honestly. I look forward to what the future holds... already in my lifetime the Internet has transformed society and continues to do so. Bitcoin and services like yours could accelerate that process greatly. Decentralization is a pretty neat concept and makes for more robust infrastructure... something that I think will be increasingly important, since it's all too easy to DDOS your competition. 
Best of luck, guys. And you do have a head start, for sure :) 
@_date: 2015-04-26 21:32:41
Sure, a halving reduces supply... but it also reduces profits from mining so are miners going to just sell a larger proportion of what they mine to pay for expenses?
For those interested, the last halving was also the first... from 50 btc per block to 25 btc per block. It happened on November 28, 2012. That was a few months before a fairly big bubble started in January of the next year, but it's hard to say if the halving was the cause. Most of December 2012 was basically a downtrend/flat so maybe, maybe not.
@_date: 2015-04-24 03:13:44
Well, I don't know about him, but how about a bit less hyperbole on this sub? This sub makes bitcoin look worse, not better.
Fold isn't bitcoin, yet there it is in the headline: pay at Starbucks using bitcoin. That's like saying that I can buy burgers at McDonalds with my own blood. You know... sell it and use the money to buy McDonalds gift cards.
I do understand that it increases the ability to actually use your bitcoin for real life purchases in an indirect way. But the headline is pretty misleading.
@_date: 2015-04-21 18:28:05
Visitors just means they went to the web site. If you go to taringa.net and then immediately close the tab, never to return, you still get counted as a unique visitor. Additionally, "unique visitor" is determined by IP address and tracking cookies. If you go to the website on your home computer, work computer, and smart phone... you count as three people. If you clear cookies and change your IP address... three more people.
Only a small percentage of visitors will register an account or use the service in any way. Bounce rates for websites are usually very high although for social networks I expect them to be lower than typical.
And you also need to pay very close attention to the time frame. 75 million unique visitors over an entire web sites history is a very different thing than 75 million unique visitors per month.
According to the linked post it's per month. That's still a lot. And they have 27 million registered users. That's also a lot. They probably are not trying to misrepresent themselves. Hyping a website based on "unique visitors" is a standard way of selling yourself to advertisers. It's also a metric that someone in the marketing team can get themselves via something like Google Analytics, versus an actual account of entries in the DB which may require asking the development team to tally them up. This is probably just one part "it's the way we always do it" and one part "and I didn't want to write an e-mail to the dev team and wait for their response".
Edit: lots of edits here. Oops. I should probably read these things over *before* I post them.
@_date: 2015-04-27 16:07:30
They provide a graph at the end of the number of new merchants accepting BTC (estimated, no doubt) per quarter.
That seems pretty relevant to me.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:47:28
From what I understand the B+ doesn't have enough RAM to be used as an effective node. You need 1 GB. Your new Pi 2s can do the job, your B+'s will, at best, limp through processing and not help the network in any way.
I once argued that the B+ would do the job, and was accosted by Luke Jr for doing so. Controversial he may be... but I'm guessing he knows the hardware requirements of the Qt client better than most people.
@_date: 2015-04-30 20:18:04
No doubt, Paypal will leverage an exclusivity contract, and their existing overwhelming market share will be difficult to dethrone.
@_date: 2015-09-19 07:36:07
I sold $1300 worth of stuff on eBay last month.
eBay + paypal together charged me $200 in fees as a result.
I hate how they take such a high proportion of the sale, but they are the only game in town right now, aside from selling locally (which doesn't work so well... small town).
Sellers like me want something better. And buyers will go where the sellers are. It won't happen overnight, but that doesn't mean it's impossible.
@_date: 2015-04-21 21:20:15
Yes, I see what you mean. He seems to believe that any third party payment processor layered on top of bitcoin is merely leeching off of the network.
But we shouldn't be surprised that a technology whose main purpose is to eliminate middle men ends up inspiring exactly the kind of idealism that OP is aggressively promoting.
@_date: 2015-04-24 02:56:19


DARPA funds some really cool stuff with many civilian applications. It may be the best thing that the DOD has ever accomplished.
@_date: 2015-09-23 03:30:59
It is. There are not enough people living in Canada to support higher volume. It's 1/10th the size of the US by population, but that doesn't mean 1/10th the volume, it also means 1/10th the total infrastructure which reduces volume even further because we have relative little to actually do with our bitcoins.
@_date: 2015-04-28 00:41:09
You must be new to bitcoin, haha.
@_date: 2015-04-22 03:54:10
A Pi 1 runs OpenELEC pretty well, though. I love mine for that one reason alone. I even wired up an IR receiver to it and programmed my universal remote to work with it. It's excellent. I'm sure the Pi 2 will run OpenELEC with slightly less menu lag, but meh. The Pi 1 is already quite good at the job. So if you have Pi 1 kicking around and no use for it... try that?
@_date: 2015-11-04 17:42:17
You underestimate the number of psychopath script kiddies on the internet.
There are millions, man, all looking to get rich quick. And most of them are basically unstoppable because they operate from countries that don't have extradition treaties or even basic cooperation with the countries whose people are being targeted.
If you ever become a high profile target, prepare yourself. This shit almost certainly will happen to you.
@_date: 2015-11-02 22:42:40
This sub is not bitcoin, it represents a fraction of the bitcoin discussion on the internet, and this sub could literally vanish without impacting the bitcoin ecosystem much at all. To extend this even further, reddit itself is far from the only venue available to you. Reddit does not hold a monopoly on communication.
It's not bad for bitcoin. It's not good for bitcoin. It's bad for this sub. There are other venues for conversation and if people feel oppressed here, they'll go elsewhere. Traditional web forums, IRC, hell, even IRL talks and conferences. Whatever it takes.
@_date: 2015-03-26 23:45:50
And I thought our Canadian banknotes were colorful!
Still, ours have see-through bits and fancy hologram strips so we still got you beat.
@_date: 2015-03-19 19:15:27
Funny, I've run into a few posts on reddit recently that made me wonder the same. It's enough to throw a person into some sort of existential crisis. Is the world around me just an hallucination created by a lazy unconscious that recycles personalities and imagery when it hasn't had enough imaginary caffeine? 
@_date: 2015-03-02 22:42:57
Incredulity was my initial reaction as well. But then I remember, when I was 10 I was pretty independent and there were times I would just run of with a friend to go hiking or whatever. If the technology has existed back then my parents probably would have bought me a phone for checking up on me and emergency calls and so on.
It's probably the parents who are paying for it and using it as a way of keeping tabs on their daughter. Makes sense to me. 
@_date: 2015-11-06 21:36:29
Would OB be suitable for casually selling stuff I don't need anymore? In getting really sick and tired of eBay's fees. 
@_date: 2015-03-19 04:44:49
At least you stand a much better hope of being back in black soon, whereas those of us who bought back in November 2013 may be giving the charts the look of disapproval for years yet.
Not only did I buy bitcoin close to the ATH, I went and bought some dogecoin around there as well. Good times.
@_date: 2015-10-23 03:30:20
Sure, you can reword my statement that way if you like. But I'm not sure what you're getting at?
I simply prefer to follow the law most of the time and would rather invest in technologies that do more than bring about anarchy for the sake of anarchy.
@_date: 2015-03-26 23:53:01
If I found a particularly skillfully made Spocked $5 bill I'd probably frame it. Sadly I use cash so infrequently, the odds are next to nothing.
@_date: 2015-10-22 23:58:17
The oil reserves on the planet are a commons and the externalities involved in burning them is global warming and production of carcinogens such as benzene.
A free market would burn it all, along with the natural gas and coal, and there isn't a lawyer in the world who could stop it. Tort law is not proactive.
Not that regulation are preventing it, though. That's what industry lobbying gets you - loopholes.
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:19:33
So what would be your first choice of a new home country if you did renounce your citizenship?
I think I'd go with Sweden. But maybe it just seems nice because the grass is always greener... still it seems to always be very high up in all of those "most free countries" or "most socially progressive countries" lists that various NGOs maintain.
@_date: 2015-10-29 22:40:35
I made a prediction at the beginning of the year that we'd be at $235 by the end of the year (we were at $235 when I made the prediction).
So far, there's still a chance I could be right. It would be my most successful and least profitable prediction ever.
Edit: [I sort of misremembered - it was less of a prediction, and more of a joke]( and it was in May, not exactly the beginning of the year, but whatever. I'm going to pretend I was being prophetic.
@_date: 2015-10-23 01:55:55


I'm not talking about theory. I'm talking about real life.
Real life is not simply supply and demand. I gave you a concrete example - if that's not good enough, then there's no wisdom to be found in this community.
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:45:25
What difference does adding np. make that somehow means it's not "advertising" anymore? Reddit is a strange place.
@_date: 2015-10-07 20:15:27
Almost certainly because of either your prominent involvement in Bitcoin, or your travel destinations.
It's sad. I have an uncle who refuses to travel, by the way. Because he's brown and muslim. That's all it takes for him to be swept up by the "random" searches. Randomly picked 100% of the time.
Doesn't help that he has a condition which causes him to sweat all of the time, so he always looks nervous. Although I'm sure knowing you're about to be searched and questioned makes for *real* nervousness.
@_date: 2015-10-23 00:59:13


Which increases the incentive to remove every last drop of the resource with increasingly expensive extraction techniques because it has become more lucrative. It's what's driving the Atlantic Bluefin Tuna towards extinction. Regulation such as treaties prohibiting trade of endangered species may help save it from extinction.


I don't believe that's a given. Not even close.
I believe that corruption and greed certainly exists, but that there are also people with less self-centered goals who have accomplished some good through the use of appropriate regulation.
I don't think regulation is the solution to all of our problems, but just getting rid of it all is no better. There is such a thing as a happy medium, but this subreddit seems to be increasingly home to extremism.
@_date: 2015-10-23 04:33:52
Bitcoin is peer-to-peer and is a one-world currency. There doesn't need to be a bitcoin version of Western Union.
You know a guy, you get his public key, you send bitcoin. There is zero potential for regulation even if somebody wanted to do so!
That makes regulation optional - something consumers can elect for (indirectly, be deciding to use a service instead of just their wallet software) if they deem that it adds some sort of value. Maybe if it makes the process easier than scanning QR codes or typing our bitcoin address. I dunno. IMO there's not much of a market for bitcoin remittance that the protocol doesn't completely address by itself...
I understand where you are coming from but honestly, no, I kind of don't want you to be able to purchase tactical nukes. Sorry. That is definitely something I want you to go to jail for.
@_date: 2015-02-09 04:46:25
The point of a desktop wallet, though, is not to rely on a third party.
Do we still hate Trezor around here? Because IMO that's still the best solution.
@_date: 2015-03-01 00:06:01
I'm assuming you mean sell them for fiat. Well, something to consider: if bitcoin succeeds, it will be money that you can spend all over the world and you wouldn't need to sell for fiat first. If bitcoin fails, it'll fail soonish, so most of your bitcoins will be worthless.
Not sure how that would change/impact your plan but it's something worth thinking about.
@_date: 2015-10-22 22:43:37
How do we solve problems like externalities and the tragedy of the Commons if not for market regulation?
A fully unregulated market would be a disaster.
However, it is right to question specific regulations regarding their intent, effectiveness, and consequences.
@_date: 2015-10-26 22:07:48
Honestly, I just don't think bitcoin is on most government's lists of priorities. Most governments are reactionary and are most likely to make statements and draft laws *after* something big has happened.
This news is small time. Most people outside of this sub will never know it even happened at all.
@_date: 2015-10-23 22:16:39
Actually the white paper is almost completely bereft of idealism. There are maybe two sentences that suggest the whole point is to eliminate middle men. The rest is math. The white paper makes it pretty clear that the protocol is not bounded by idealism. But of course that's what a lot of academic publishing is Like. Doesn't mean Satoshi wasn't insanely idealistic in less formal settings.
@_date: 2015-10-26 21:11:26
While I think this is all completely unsupported conspiracy theory that verges on paranoia, it *could* be true.
With one major caveat: there is no single entity called the "USA". Your government is made up of very large numbers of people. Some are morons. Some are geniuses. And most of them have no idea what the hell the rest of them are up to.
So it's possible, but I don't consider it likely. I think Satoshi is a non-government academic. We do know that bitcoin was made by someone who appears to have pretty good academic training, knows their math, and likely has training in computer science. My guess is that Satoshi is actually a mathematics/physics/comp-sci prof at some random University who did that is his/her spare time, in between marking mid-terms and giving lectures to barely-awake students.
@_date: 2015-10-07 21:10:23
Honestly, reddit was much better before it was so heavily moderated. But I guess it's too popular and potentially lucrative now to ever go back to those days.
Time to move on to something else, maybe.
@_date: 2015-10-26 21:02:22
I was "debating" with a guy here on this sub a few days ago about bitcoin's use to circumvent the law/regulations. I live in a fairly safe, non-corrupt country with good quality public services, so my stance on things is that bitcoin's most promising applications (in my country) are 100% legal. I am certainly no ancap, and I do believe many laws and regulations are necessary. I'm somewhat cynical and am of the opinion that laws and regulations (specifically, the fear of consequence) are the only things that keep many people civilized.
But there is another side of the argument. Not everybody is as lucky as me. Some people live in places with laws that most of us would consider draconian, or worse. In such places, bitcoin's most tantalizing use cases may, in fact, be completely illegal - and yet still ethical.
It will be interesting to see how this plays out in the Western world, which at least pretends to be against social injustice. Will our politicians hail bitcoin as enabling people struggling under draconian regimes, or will they condemn it because it could pull the rug out from under them, as well?
@_date: 2015-10-23 04:12:15


Not at all, but I am not at the point of thinking that the answer is outright anarchy.


Ah, you are using "regulation" in a somewhat different way than I have been. I have been speaking of "regulations" in the sense of laws that tell you what you can and cannot trade. Such as regulations prohibiting purchase/sale of certain types of weapons or trade in endangered species.
You seem to be talking about regulation in a more financial sense. Setting interest rates, controlling the rate of inflation, etc in order to micromanage the economy and manipulate markets. I am not economically savvy enough to know whether or not such financial micromanaging is truly necessary (many economics would say yes, but maybe they are wrong). The thing about bitcoin is that it is going to test this for us, hopefully, and to that goal, I definitely agree that bitcoin should not be "regulated" in the same way that interest rates and inflation rates are.
Other value propositions? Well eBay keeps ripping me off with 10%+ listing fees. I'd sure like to see OpenBazaar work out... And if I get paid in bitcoin, rather than having to go out and buy it, that eliminates a crap ton of middle men from my financial life.
It functions as a one-world currency. It would prevent grubby bankers from taking all those wonderful currency conversion fees. Something I get hit with all the time when selling stuff on eBay.
Value proposition will depend on where you live. I know people who come over to my country from other countries and send money back home. It costs them a lot. In *theory*, bitcoin can solve that problem. In practice, I'm not sure it has yet.
Eliminating middle men is not illegal, yet IMO it's bitcoin's biggest potential use case.
That's a start. I could probably think of more, but all it takes is one.
@_date: 2015-10-23 00:07:49
That's a reasonable statement that accepts that differing opinions exist.
The one I originally replied to was absolute:


There is no other way to interpret that, as far as I can tell, than "bitcoin is only useful for crime".
I mean, that's crazy. Have people lost sight of what the vision originally was?
Anti-censorship, absolutely. Cutting out middle-men, absolutely. Making finance democratic. Those things are valuable even in the absence of crime.
So obviously, bitcoin has value even if it can't be used for illegal services.
@_date: 2015-10-29 22:38:06
You can't call it parabolic until it comes back down [like this](
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:35:41
Time to make a dice rolling robot! Stick a camera on it with OCR. Get it to the do the work for you.
Although it will take longer to make the robot than to roll the dice 1000 times. That's why you justify your effort but getting the robot to roll the dice 1 *million* times!
Since they have the letters carved into them, they won't be perfectly random. With enough rolls you should see a slightly bias towards some values.
@_date: 2015-02-12 00:15:22
Dude solved the Two Generals problem. You don't think that's genius?
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:09:09
This got me thinking, the analogy to politics is even more sound when you realize that the devs can even pull some of the same tactics. Such as bundling unpopular changes with extremely important ones.
But a big difference is that anyone can be a Dev, so someone could just edit out the unpopular bits in the end.
I'm starting to think politics would be a lot better if it took some ideas from the open source movement.
@_date: 2015-02-21 23:09:07
More servers is more money. Companies often (but not always) go to some lengths to squeeze as many users onto as little infrastructure as possible. Especially if their profits are meager. But I don't think compromising security is a good idea even when it means you only need three servers instead of two. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 03:38:15
So it's more of a "guy cut off my finger, and I can't revoke my fingerprint" situation... well the same problem is true with the bitid project that started this conversation. It can't be revoked, just like transactions on the blockchain can't be revoked.
However, each finger has a different print. In theory you *can* revoke one finger's print if it gets stolen, and use another. But you can only do that a limited number of times.
But I'm not sure I want to live in future where I have to worry about having my fingers stolen. I'm kind of attached to them.
@_date: 2015-02-09 04:44:01
If you encrypt your password safe with a strong password, cloud storage is fine.
If an attacker gets to the point where they figure out the password to your password safe, it won't matter if it's in the cloud or not, because they have access to your local machine.
Of course storing the password safe on a disconnected USB stick and only plugging it into an offline system is good security. You know what's better security? Not using a password safe at all, and memorizing it all.
Password safes exist to try to find a sweet spot between security and convenience. By sticking one on a USB stick and only using it with an offline system, you no longer benefit from its convenience and might as well go through the effort of memorizing your passwords.
@_date: 2015-02-12 00:19:40
That just introduces a whole new slew of problems. A private key is a password by any other name, except now it's so long and meaningless that normal people won't be bothered to memorize it. You expect normal people to keep a private key safe, and not to lose it? Hahaha.
I'm pretty sure the solution will either be a hardware, *physical* key. Or biometrics. But good luck getting anything standardized.
@_date: 2015-02-28 10:51:50
That is an amusingly information-free rumor. To really make a statement they should have just printed a huge "Breaking news: [redacted]" in like, 192 point Impact.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:55:40
Perhaps. Given his apparent genius, though, I'd like to see him/her/it/them work on improving electronic security as a whole. My thinking is that there has to be a better way than having people try to memorize/write down passwords. People get lazy and use bad passwords, and/or one password for everything. There has to be a better way.
That would make everything online more secure, bitcoin included.
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:28:02
~~Correct me if I'm wrong... but you can't actually roll private keys in a simple, straightforward way, because the necessary algorithm includes such things as inserting self-referential bits so that typos in to/from fields get picked up on.~~
Nevermind, I was being an idiot.
That said... hex dice? Awesome. I have no idea what I'd use them for, but I love the idea.
@_date: 2015-02-02 15:12:41
A full featured computer that fits in your pocket for $30. What a time to be alive. I run XBMC on my B+ and it plays 1080p without a hitch. This new Pi is not the B+, though, which had only 512mb ram. This new one is called the Pi 2. 
@_date: 2015-02-09 05:41:22
Indeed, the section I am somewhat critical of is about extrasolar mining, which implies lightyears of distance because such mining would happen beyond the solar system.
I mean, the whole wiki article is a bit speculative, but that little blurb seems a bit over the top, haha.
@_date: 2015-10-22 22:50:02
I can't believe you're getting upvoted for literally saying that the only use case for bitcoin is crime.
If that's true, it's time for most of the corporations, VCs, and enthusiasts to give up on it entirely.
@_date: 2015-02-12 23:56:33
The problem is that two parties whose communications are unreliable (or cannot be trusted) cannot easily coordinate their actions. The traditional problem uses an analogy of two armies who are trying to coordinate the timing of an attack while encamped in the field some distance from each other, and whose messengers might be captured by the enemy which occupies the position between them. How do you know the other army received your message? How do you know they didn't receive a forged message?
Bitcoin had to deal with this problem. In the case of bitcoin, the two parties are the sender and receiver of bitcoin who need to be able to know that the bitcoin (or, a message attached to the bitcoin) has been correctly sent and received *without a trustworthy third party to make that promise*. Under the normal financial system you have banks that quite reliably relay transactions around and are required to do so, by law, in a more or less honest way.
With bitcoin, the idea was to make it decentralized. You don't have a single third party who can make these promises. In fact you have numerous third parties including full nodes and miners. In the analogy to the two generals problem, these numerous third parties can be thought of as everything that lies between the two armies, including the enemy but also including people who will offer to help relay the messages. They can decide to ignore transactions, and some of the bad apples may try to falsify transactions. How do you know you can trust them?
Bitcoin's solution to the problem is a combination of the public ledger and the majority rules nature of the network. The main effect is that it makes all communications visible to everyone, and greatly reduces the risk of forgeries or tampering of any kind. It would be like if the two armies decided to communicate by hiring an army of emotionless robots to collect their messages, compile them together, and drop them via leaflets from airships. The possibility for tampering with the messages still exists but the more robots you have and the more leaflets you have raining from the sky, the harder it is for somebody to collect them all and revise them all before the intended recipients gets a chance to see them.
Well, that's my interpretation anyway.
I can see your point, I mean, TCP/IP had to deal with this too so solving the problem is not a new thing. But true genius is often about seeing novel applications of existing ideas. It's not a word with any objective meaning, either. I think he/she/it/them is genius probably because I have a different idea of what it means to be "genius" than you do.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:11:54
Agreed. But longer passwords take more time to hash. With enough concurrent users that might be a concern.
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:18:04
Technical question for you... you can only do this if the registrar cooperates, yes?
What happens if scammers start using shady registrars located in places with particularly nonchalant law enforcement?
@_date: 2015-02-14 00:26:34
Just to make it clear, PayPal has the same unwritten policy. If you accept donations, you must be a registered non-profit. Many Foss and indie devs have found this out the hard way. And PayPal (and apparently Google too) don't even say this in their EULA. People only find out through word of mouth or... Once it's too late.
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:14:00
See, that's the problem.
Somebody needs to find a way to make this tradeoff NOT exist. Until we have both high security AND high convenience, electronic communication (including sending value) is going to be a bit risky...
@_date: 2015-02-12 21:16:42
Fair enough. I still think biometrics can make a good low-security, high convenience type compromise. Or, perhaps paired with something like a USB device that contains both the fingerprint reader as well as a unique salt for a hashing function that generates a private key from your fingerprint. In which case an attacker would have to steal both the fingerprint, and the fingerprinter reader.
@_date: 2015-02-14 19:52:15
The majority rules nature of the network *practically* solves that problem. Are you arguing just for the sake of arguing?
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:30:34
For humans, we seem to think random = uniform distribution of values. Too many of a given digit? Re-roll!
But that actually reduces randomness and security, haha.
And yet there are stupefied websites out there whose password requirements include "each character must be unique". That actually reduces entropy of the password.
And while I'm on the topic, I'd love to follow xkcd's example and actually use pass*phrases*, but most websites have a strict 15-20 character limit.
@_date: 2015-02-09 04:36:54
If you opened your password safe, you either had to type a password to unencrypt the safe, or you don't have an encrypted safe.
In either case, an attacker could have gained full access to all passwords in your safe.
As much as I like these products, they are definitely a central point of failure. A single password reveals all the rest. And now, even if you format and do a clean reinstall, you must assume that all web accounts remain at risk until you change your passwords.
Start with your e-mail address so that an attacker can't use password reset.
@_date: 2015-02-09 05:04:14
That sucks.
I have a password safe too. Not sure how I feel about the concept. I feel like my various accounts are very secure, given that they all have unique 20+ letter/number/symbol passwords. But that feeling may be unjustified if it is easy for an attacker to gain access to the safe.
Because I can't remember these passwords, I rely on the password safe. Which now represents a situation where one password reveals them all.
I am starting to think we need a massive breakthrough in computer security. You either have security or convenience... there is no way to have both, but we need both.
@_date: 2015-02-20 20:03:53
Don't you just love how all the volunteer nodes and miners do your entire job for you, while you can just sit back, eat Kahlua frosties, and watch futurama reruns? That's the life man. Automation FTW.
@_date: 2015-02-09 04:59:39
I see what you are saying. The light grey edges obscure the shapes of the smaller letters and fine detail. It's not a blur, but it has a similar effect. Just very, very low contrast edges in many parts.
@_date: 2015-02-12 01:31:12
Well, most people have ten fingers. Failing that, ten toes. Failing that, two retinas, palm prints, and possibly other uniquely identifying bodily features.
Of course it would take different types of technology to go beyond scanning finger prints so while they are "replaceable" to some extent it's certainly not as easy as generating a new private key.
@_date: 2015-02-13 20:09:03
Well, they're going to need some computers. And an internet connection. So the analogy has already failed, really.
But you can encode a message in any block chain transaction. "Attack at dawn". Or whatever.
Since it's a public ledger, and you can see that it's made it into the network by the number of confirms skyrocketing, you can assume that unless the other army is experiencing technical difficulties, they are seeing exactly the same blockchain that you are. So, it solves the two generals problem... *if* your computer and internet connection is working.
Of course, the enemy can see your plans, too.
@_date: 2015-02-09 04:53:10
I don't quite see the good that can come out of adding science fiction into a wiki article about bitcoin. There are no known, or hypothetical, ways to do FTL anything. Travel, communication, nothing.
If you want to get theoretical... wormholes. Maybe warp drives. But neither technically enables FTL because they either shortcut or contract spacetime. You still travel/send information at less than or equal to c. And both concepts are more in the realm of science fiction than actual science. All science can do is tell us what it will be like if these things are possible, under the current model of physics which we already know is incomplete... and possibly wrong.
My suggestion is to keep science fiction to wiki articles about science fiction.
@_date: 2015-02-11 01:40:36
Why were you shadow banned? Why is this even still a practice on reddit? Tricking people into thinking they aren't actually banned when they actually are is truly a shitty thing, even if they deserved a ban. Why not just go the old fashioned way of not allowing users to post for some duration determined by the severity of the offense? I used to be an ego fueled admin of an online community. I once brute forced a user's account password so that I could use the same password to steal back control after a coup. But even I, bastard operator from hell, never shadow banned anyone. Just, you know, outright deleted their accounts. 
@_date: 2015-02-12 03:21:26
Well good on you for trying to do something about it, because the safe havens for these scammers don't seem to care.
The same places are where a lot of those robodialer phishing scams are coming from. 
@_date: 2015-02-14 20:42:22




Okay, I see what you are saying. I think we agree now.
The two generals problem is a narrowly defined thought experiment. It's "solved" by avoiding the situation entirely. Which is what bitcoin does :p
@_date: 2015-02-11 22:25:30
Plenty of people get scammed in their local, regulated currencies as well.
Most of the people I know have fallen victim to such scams.
The problem is twofold. First, many people are gullible, and have had no particular reason to change their ways because their bank will insure their funds. Second, safe haven countries exist that don't persecute scammers.
Bitcoin is making these problems more obvious, but they existed all along.
For people who wish to remain gullible, there almost certainly will be a fully centralized online wallet with FDIC insurance. And like most banks, they'll probably take $10 from you every month too, haha.
@_date: 2015-02-14 03:13:32
The recipient would have to send an acknowledgement message if you really wanted to be sure.
But the whole point is that the enemy killing your messengers threat has largely been eliminated.
@_date: 2015-02-12 18:53:33
Have you heard of bitcoin? That's the solution.
@_date: 2015-02-19 21:43:39
Yes... apparently I was quite off on my idea of how that actually worked.
And that, folks, is what happens when you make assumptions.