@_author: theredmanis
@_date: 2018-11-26 17:57:10
Happy holidays everyone!
@_date: 2018-12-17 15:48:21
But no one is saying that hierarchies are unnatural. This is such a weird strawman. Humans have been abusing hierarchies in animals for millennia, and humans have existed in social hierarchies for just as long. 
What "Neomarxists" and their "Postmodernist bullshit" (whatever that means) is that there exists unjust hierarchies that we can remove/ improve. Are you trying to imply that since hierarchies exist in nature that all hierarchies are justified? You could use this line lobster line of reasoning to justify literally any kind of hierarchy. Oh you're a slave and you want to be free? Well too bad hierarchies are natural so deal with it. Oh you don't like being ruled by the king and queen? Well bad luck, hierarchies exist!
Edit: Or, an example relevant to crypto, isn't one of the points of cryptocurrency to remove the hierarchy in our modern banking system, to move the power away from a centralised body to each individual? Does that make everyone who supports cryptocurrencies a "Postmodern Neomarxist"?
@_date: 2018-12-17 19:54:59
Sure, Peterson's self help advice may be very helpful with a lot of people, but Peterson doesn't just comment on self help. He also has a lot of bizarre stances on a lot of topics outside of his field of psychology. It's here that people have the biggest issues with Peterson. You can ignore criticism of Peterson on his stances on things like Philosophy, Social Issues and Climate change all you want, but these criticisms aren't just based on a "preconceived notion that JBP is a bigot of some kind" but things he says and does.  
As for other self help stuff, you can just google the most popular books, there are literally millions already in the market.
@_date: 2018-12-17 16:08:48
Well I'll take that as a no then. Perhaps you should read that so you can learn the major differences between Marxism and Postmodernism and why the whole concept is contradictory. But hey keep attacking that strawman.
@_date: 2018-12-17 15:54:15
Okay sure, can you provide me a quote of a "postmodern neomarxist" saying these things?
Also well done dodging the actual statement.