@_author: therealfroggie
@_date: 2017-05-24 11:12:17
Imagine if nothing ever changed in the bitcoin system ever again that required a vote. No technology upgrades, no improvements to the system, nothing. Just more mining, more transactions. Transaction speeds and costs were just whatever they were without any changes. It seems pretty obvious that this would be quite limiting to bitcoin's future. But here's the problem: there is no robust, antifragile way to make and enforce decisions that alter the status quo. It seems to me that ANY decision on scaling is better than no decision, but what is so troubling is the lack of a good decision-making apparatus or mechanism. The scaling issue is not the last time this will happen. Is there perhaps a technology solution to the problem of voting and changes that will be required to a blockchain based system? 
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:25:33
The cure is going to be worse than the disease.
@_date: 2017-05-24 11:00:16
Imagine if nothing ever changed in the bitcoin system ever again that required a vote. No technology upgrades, no improvements to the system, nothing. Just more mining, more transactions. Transaction speeds and costs were just whatever they were without any changes.
It seems pretty obvious that this would be quite limiting to bitcoin's future. But here's the problem: there is no robust, antifragile way to make and enforce decisions that alter the status quo.
It seems to me that ANY decision on scaling is better than no decision, but what is so troubling is the lack of a good decision-making apparatus or mechanism. The scaling issue is not the last time this will happen.
Is there perhaps a technology solution to the problem of voting and changes that will be required to a blockchain based system? Forget about all the application and business pitches going on at Consensus and elsewhere, someone needs to create some formal mechanism for making changes that is better that what exists now: nothing formal, backroom deals, no transparency, etc...
@_date: 2017-05-24 11:24:14
Here is the problem.  We have an almost 40 Billion market cap for Bitcoin and from a technology standpoint it is in many ways more sophisticated than any currency out there.  But we have an ecosystem that actually REQUIRES modifications to the platform and we have NO MECHANISM to make any changes.  If anyone has read Nassim Taleb, this is a FRAGILE system.  Forget about price increases or whether we are in a bubble.  THE issue that will kill bitcoin is that it has no mechanism to improve the platform when improvements are needed.  Any of you smart coder/philosophers that solve this issue will become very wealthy indeed.  That's the KILLER APP Bitcoin needs.  
@_date: 2017-05-25 16:24:02
Every network has a scaling characteristic.  What I am saying is it may not be a problem.  Everyone wants faster and cheaper.  So it is viewed as a problem.  However, that presumes the purpose of Bitcoin is to be the fastest, cheapest way to transfer money.  I am saying that assumption may not be the highest and best use of Bitcoin.  Rather, Bitcoin may benefit in the long run from is cumbersomeness and slowness and the 1MB limitation.  Yes, it will not be the fastest and cheapest, but it may end up being the most secure.  I worry about these contemplated "upgrades" as having unintended consequences that may cause Bitcoin to become less secure, among other things....
@_date: 2017-07-31 20:22:34
If Bitcoin Cash crashes it will make it much more likely Bitmain will be unable to stay away from BTC.  Be careful what you wish for.
@_date: 2017-06-02 02:21:21
Can someone kindly answer this question: Can Jihan Wu / Bitmain block the Segwit compromise proposed at Consensus?  And if so, why does he have the power to do that?