@_author: therenaissanceman_
@_date: 2019-07-29 20:02:17
Check out this video by Mike Maloney circa 2010. He talks about how there’s been a major change in money every 30-40 years for the past 140 years, and how we are due for another major change right around 2020 or so. He also gives valuable insight into the gold standard and how it’s changed over the past century. This video was made prior his introduction to Bitcoin.  He is now a huge supporter of BTC and recently made a follow up video to this one which supports your argument to some degree. 
@_date: 2019-07-29 02:28:02
Mastering Bitcoin by Andreas Antonopolous is an excellent book if you have a solid technical foundation. However, if you’re a bit less technical, then I wouldn’t recommend starting here as this book is very dense. Andreas Antonopolous also has some of the best YouTube content of anyone in the space, hands down. That’s a great place for anyone to start.
If you’re brand new to Bitcoin, I recently came across a very good introductory book called “The Bitcoin Guide”by Ian DeMarino. I gifted this book to my Grandpa who is brand new to Bitcoin.
If you’re looking for a good history on Bitcoin and how it came to be, check out “Digital Gold.” This is an incredibly detailed and accurate account. 
I’ve also heard that “The Bitcoin Standard” is a great book, but I have not personally had a chance to dive into this one yet. 
If you’re looking for online resources, Jameson Lopp has assembled an excellent online guide here —&gt; 
@_date: 2019-08-04 04:41:02
anyone know who the conference sponsor is that he's referring to around 14:45 or so?
@_date: 2019-10-23 22:45:17
and the speculations still won’t matter...
the path to real value is not in Bitcoin the money but rather through Bitcoin the technology
@_date: 2019-09-13 02:41:54
Crazy indeed! I’ve been saying this for awhile now. I’ve worked in the entertainment biz for over a decade and all major talent agencies require 2 wire transfers for performance fees; the first is x-percent deposit and the second is the balance.  I’ve used a handful of banks over the years and worked with just about every major agency in the country and this is standard procedure for EVERY single one of them. All of the banks I’ve used charge a $15-30 wire transfer fee on BOTH ends. So when someone books a band, keynote speaker, or whatever it be the fees add up quick! If your bank and the bank of the agency are both charging $15 transfer fees, the total fees incurred for a single booking would be $60 regardless of the performance fee. I’ve booked performances w/ guarantees ranging from a few hundred dollars to 6-figures and the wire fees are the exact same. It’s insane to me to think that a bank could see $60-120 for one single agreement between parties (pending both sides use the same bank which is often the case ie Chase), which means they’re earning a higher percentage of the performance fee than most agents and managers take on a performance guarantee of $500 or so. It’s also insane to fathom the amount of money that’s being wasted on these transfers on a yearly basis when dealing with an agency like WME, CAA, Paradigm, etc.. or from the buyer side w/ companies like Live Nation which produces an event, conference, or festival roughly every 20min worldwide.
These banks are literally moving F’n bits on a computer screen. 1’s and 0’s. No one is physically putting cash in a bag and driving it to someone’s door step. A bunch of crooks exploiting 1970s technology at its finest