@_author: thermobear
@_date: 2016-11-08 00:01:14
I'll take that action.
@_date: 2019-10-22 14:15:16
Pretty sure OP meant they don’t want to have to sell their 1 BTC to pay for bills, etc. in USD.
@_date: 2019-12-16 09:07:54
ITT: everyone has the solution and literally no one has the solution.
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:16:21
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:13:45
I apologize for not responding sooner, but I had a lot going on over the holidays. Here's my response:


Using terms like "total hack" is the kind of dismissal that ironically makes other people dismiss _you_. But you don't want to do the thinking for yourself and all these points fall in line with the truth you want to believe, as opposed to objective reality. I'm guessing there are die-hard Jordan Peterson fan boys who will fall on a similar sword, and I can't speak for them, but for myself, I think of Peterson as a wise person who is trying to help a generation of people become self-sufficient critical thinkers.


In which PZ Myers listens to a clip of Peterson and dismisses him outright because Peterson says "around 350 million" and then makes a claim that hierarchies have existed for millions of years. I mean, if this is the way Myers conducts the rest of his research, I'd be fact-checking him the whole way, so far as that's feasible.
Check out this quote from the video:
"There's also a deeper logical error: he's describing two extant species -- lobsters and humans, and claiming that a behavioral property of lobsters was present in our last common ancestor and therefore is also present in us. That makes no sense."
Myers is 100% right that what he's claiming makes no sense, but at no point does Peterson say we have said behavioral property _because_ lobsters have it; Peterson's saying we have it and they do as well and we're common ancestors, then attempting to explain common behaviors between the two species. Whether this is ultimately true, I don't know and I don't personally care about the lobster thing beyond its underlying truism (positive feedback loops in physical stature lead to positive outcomes in terms of reproductive success, on average), but if you're going to make a video debunking someone's logic, you'd better be sure your own logic is sound.


His fans will spin his vague rhetoric so that he can't be criticized? Nonsense. Criticize Peterson all you want! Peterson himself would be welcome to it, provided you do your research and aren't just slinging arrows.


This is an obvious Appeal to the Crowd fallacy. "Just ask anybody and they'll agree with me." Facts are facts on their own. Do your research.


You've given me a Summer Reading list in this post alone and so far as I can tell, none of the sources here are unbiased.


Let me get this straight. The very people espousing post modernism are the very people getting upset when Peterson is saying it's rubbish? I'm shocked.


Correct me if I'm wrong, but your point here is to point out how Peterson believes one thing and the climate science experts disagree. As far as what Peterson actually believes, I think we're equally in the dark here. I don't think anyone of reasonable intelligence would deny the climate goes through natural macro changes, so the real questions are whether we're going through a large shift currently and, more importantly, whether man is having a measurable impact on that shift. I'd guess Peterson is saying, "look, here's evidence to the contrary. What do you think?" And given that contrary evidence, what _do_ you think? I personally think we should always be acting, as a species, as if we _are_ contributing negatively to climate change and curb our habits as a result. We only get one planet (so far) and it would be a shame to make it uninhabitable for our species, let alone all the other species we share this rock with.


In multiple interviews and articles, Peterson has pointed out how the part of C-16 (and surrounding legislation) he disagrees with is the idea that a law could potentially determine what we MUST say (i.e. compelled speech) AND that resulting cases would be decided outside the typical legal system and instead using so-called [Social Justice Tribunals]( which are a form of [equity court]( and there are plenty of cases where peoples' lives are ruined as a result of going through these external systems, particularly when ground-breaking legal precedence is set. So far as I can tell, Peterson was trying to argue against compelled speech by threat of government. And he has made it clear he would respect an individual's request to be called by any reasonable pronoun. What "reasonable" means here, I couldn't say, and I suspect is extremely subjective.


Okay, that last link shows that you're completely off base yet again. The linked tweet says:




Peterson has never been about excusing any named group from wrongdoing, but instead, helping us to -- as best as we can, given our limitations as a species -- objectively look at human behavior and determine _why_ things happen. If you're actually interested in the truth, that is.
His point has always been more along the lines of: Nazis existed, they didn't come from some other planet, and regular everyday people became Nazis because of real problems they were going through. You can choose to believe this was some kind of mass delusion and that it would never happen again, but repeatedly throughout history, we've had monsters that have come to power and we've had normal people like you and me joining their ranks and slaughtering people by the millions. To actually understand why, you've got to stop looking at reality through the lens of _what do I want to be true_ and start looking at it through the lens of _what IS true given what we know and can know_.
Looking at history out of context, we can easily look at people now and say, "I'd never own slaves." But the truth is, good people owned slaves and it was socially acceptable. Good people became Nazis and it was socially acceptable. Not only were these things acceptable, but you could be shunned if you descented. So, of course it was "normal and logical" given the circumstances, but never has Peterson argued that it was morally correct. At least, no where I've seen/heard.
Genocide and slavery are some of the most heinous forms of evil and they are transgressions committed not by the most evil among us, but at large, by regular people.
We should never excuse it, but we must work to look at it objectively and to understand how we can prevent it from happening ever again.


Ironic you'd say that given your very superficial understanding of Peterson's message.
No one worth their salt is going to treat him as some kind of infallible demigod or even just blindly support Peterson's every word, myself included. But you're doing yourself and everyone jumping on your bandwagon a great disservice by using blatant confirmation bias to cement your predetermined ideas in place. I get that you and I disagree, but the question is whether either one of us is open to objectivity in the face of our most sacred beliefs being questioned.
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:16:13
@_date: 2019-01-03 19:17:44
Respect. Not everyone actively works against their own confirmation bias.
@_date: 2018-12-31 09:18:12
I’ve seen multiple people call Peterson a hack, pseudo-intellectual, etc. but haven’t yet seen any supporting facts or proof. What’s so controversial?
@_date: 2018-12-31 09:24:21
Meh, sounds dubious. You sound quite biased and don’t cite any sources to back up your claims.
@_date: 2016-07-06 21:23:15
I don't think it's intellect they're lacking, but "street smarts." Elon Musk could be walking down the street and turn this guy down just for heuristic reasons (i.e. how often are things offered on the street worth anything?). On the other hand, someone used to haggling over a deal might try a few methods to determine authenticity before turning down something like this. My guess is that most of us -- particularly on our way to somewhere else -- would be annoyed at the approach and not want to waste moments of our day. 