@_author: theredator
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:09:08
Yeah, I think ETH has the same issues, and it is ultimately a question of whether they can successfully implement their Casper protocol, and after that, sharding. But at this point, it seems like they have a more credible roadmap for scalability and are actively. (As others have said -- LN will still require channels to open/close on-chain meaning that real scalability in userbase will still be impossible without a substantial blocksize increase at some point).
Given the amount of wealth currently held in BTC and it's strong brand I am optimistic that people will figure out scaling (for this reason it is still my largest held coin), but I worry that people are putting too much effort into the BTC-vs-BCH battle and not enough into ensuring that new users have a good experience (both sides have problems -- BTC having ridiculous fees and transaction times, BCH being shady with insider trading / brand games that will confuse and burn new users and leave everyone with a bad taste in their mouth), and I'm worried that other cryptocurrencies with a more cohesive community will take this opportunity to leave BTC in the dust.
@_date: 2017-12-21 20:01:20
+1, I got some through Bitgrail (which sketched me out at first but has been great, 2-step + email for any withdrawal like most serious exchanges) and have had a great experience with it so far, I think it has serious potential as a currency compared to the clogged PoW chains. I'm just glad I got in before BTC dropped any further in value as people realize how annoying it is to use.
Based on the whitepaper, XRB seems to me like a really creative solution to the scalability problem that is similar enough to existing techniques that I could follow the paper and verify that the approach wasn't magical BS. (Forcing each user to maintain responsibility for tracking their own transactions while still maintaining a consensus layer -- genius.)
I'm not the sort of person to speculate on small alts (smallest alt I hold besides RaiBlocks is Monero), and while I think there are some smaller coins with technical merit (e.g., I think ZCash's zk-snarks are great, and ZCash's plan to do a distributed re-initialization will solve the concerns most people have with the way it was originally initialized), XRB is by far the most interesting alt to me at its size.
@_date: 2017-12-22 21:38:32
I agree, but I really like the tech — innovative and functional today. Even if XRB doesn’t “win” I hope it gains additional awareness and some of the ideas are incorporated into whatever does “win”. Higher quality technology will help all cryptos — the current BTC transaction times and fees are definitely slowing interest.