@_author: theredditpope
@_date: 2014-05-21 17:26:04
Yeah, that's a good point. Since politics was a default many of those subscribers are just people who were automatically added to the subreddit when they created an accounts. These days, that number mostly represents the amount of alts and abandoned accounts that were created in the 5 year time period that r/politics was a default. Now that it isn't a default it still gets about a hundred thousand uniques a day which is still a lot, but the active users will be much closer to subreddits the size of this one and not the size of existing defaults like funny or WorldNews or EarthPorn which has similar subscriber numbers to r/politics. 
   
The comparison made in this post is apples to oranges, but it's cool that this sub is doing really well and everyone here should be proud of the quality of this subreddit and not the quantity of the subscribers. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:45:46
Some people would say that we just let the post slide because of this public pressure. They will just affirm this as a reason to gripe and complain at the mods and in those times we do not approve certain things (as is our prerogative as subreddit owners) they will not remember the compromises we have made and we will catch more internet backlash both publicly and privately on reddit and on our IRC channel than you could ever imagine. I say all this so that maybe you and others will see all this from another side. Perhaps folks will realize that there is a lot of complicated factors at play (none nefarious) and we are just doing the best we can to please as many people as possible and we can certainly be reasonable when the situation warrants but maybe next time cut us just a little slack. Your comments are pretty strong. Are you sure you really mean them or did they come from a more emotional place and thus a little over the top?
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:52:08


  
Mother fucker. You didn't win the transparency war. I did, with the help of some of the best mods I know (buckeye and hans). You were just one of many road blocks we had to over come to impose some sensible measures. We still get shit every day though. Don't worry. People still hate us every god damn day. They send us vile comments and smack every olive branch we put out and we continue to go day after day doing more progressive things as moderators than 99% of Reddit. 
  


  
I don't even know what that means and besides I already told you I can't do anything about your ban that I haven't already done. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:08:15


  
I remember when had a public mod log. When it wasn't sitting dormant for months at a time occasionally users used it to grand stand and launch witch hunts against the mods and cause drama that didn't lead to any changes.
  
Eventually that public log was shut down. So was the public log at the SFWPorn Network (which now has a default sub). So was the log at SubredditDrama. So were several others. People can't behave. Same reason newspaper websites make you comment with your facebook account these days. Anonymous comment sections bring out the worst in people. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:01:57


  
I'm talking about your ideology. You are the one that let death threats against me stand. You are the one that pretends that this internet shit is so super serious you can't impose ANY reasonable restrictions at times. It's just a unrealistic premise that no subreddit can live up to. Stop pretending FREEZE PEACH is a sustainable moderation philosophy. If you think it is you are a hypocrite. 
  


  
Fuck you man. Who is SRS? Who is antiSRS? I'm so far removed from that shit I could care less. I don't know what kind of sjw bias you have but you are bat shit crazy if you think that going to war with mods is going to do anything but cause war and collateral damage. And eye for and eye and the world goes blind cojoco. 
  


  
Or not. Lol, not is working SOOOOO well for you thought right? /s Asshole. 
  


  
Yeah, it requires becoming a moderator and putting up with shitty toxic people like you. I didn't ask you to be a respond to this comment and I certainly don't appreciate that you were a fucking asshole to me once again, but I guess I should be accustomed to that by now. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:16:07


  
Oh, you will delete racist content, but not trolling and witch hunts? You said the death threat against me wasn't serious. If it was against YOU then maybe you would take it seriously. In any case that shit shouldn't stand. Luckily AnnomyousCoward is actually a decent human being and removed the threat so as to not incite more violence against me. You on the other hand just wanna weigh the god damn ethics of removing threats in a fucking mod hate subreddit. 
  


  
Oh shut up. 
  


  
No, I honestly don't give a fly fuck about srs or antiSRS. 
  


  
No, I didn't. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:44:01
@_date: 2015-04-08 01:38:31
If it were up to me you know how things would go. I hate hate you align yourself with the most toxic communities though (You are like in that way.    
  
Also, you must admit you were kind of an ass back then. No wonder people harbor resentments. I got in an argument just today with someone in over this exact issue. Folks don't understand how their actions have far reaching consequences. It's MUCH FUCKING BETTER to be diplomatic about this shit. Feel free to preach all you want, but at the end of the day mods are human beings, and like it or not we are here to stay so you gotta learn to work with us not against us. You'll be shocked to see how far a little cooperation and compassion goes a long way. 
@_date: 2015-04-08 02:54:02
You must be new to reddit. 
@_date: 2015-04-03 18:21:54


  
I can't tell if you are joking or just new to reddit. 
@_date: 2015-04-07 23:40:43
We just approved a bitcoin post from CNN. Sorry for your issues. 