@_author: therealdrg
@_date: 2018-01-11 18:27:05
He has massive holdings in technology. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 15:55:49
If I have a car with a bad engine and I sell you that car at market rate for a good condition used vehicle without telling you it has a bad engine, is that immoral?
If youre a 90 year old woman and have a 1967 ferrari GTO that you've listed as a pontiac gto, and I recognized that and buy it from you for 10x less than market value because youre misinformed about the true value, is that immoral?
The problem with insider trading is that, by definition, one party is privy to information that the other party cant be. If you have insider knowledge of how a company operates, what their future looks like, news that will affect the share price, whatever, by entering into a transaction with someone who doesnt, you are using that information to manipulate them into a transaction that they otherwise would not make. The difference between 2 non insiders trading the day before a big event is that neither has that information so both parties in the transaction are on equal ground. So going back to the first example, if both of us know the engine is bad, then its not immoral, if neither of us knows the engine is bad then its not immoral. This is why its not "insider trading" to opt out of an employee stock purchase program before a company goes bankrupt, or to exercise options based on insider information (as long as you dont trade them in the open market afterwards, or sell some to cover the purchase price) because both parties in the transaction (you and the company) have total knowledge of the companies situation. Its the involvement of a third party not privy to the insider information that makes it illegal and immoral. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:29:26
So if you know your company is about to announce its going bankrupt, and you dump all your stock and people buy that on the assumption the company is not going bankrupt, how is that moral and fair? You knew the company was fucked, the people who bought your shares on the market didnt. If they knew, they wouldnt have given you anywhere near the amount they did for the shares. 
Yeah maybe its moral and "fair" when youre trading up, like buying a bunch of stock before the price skyrockets, but even then is it really? Would those people have sold you their stock if they knew it was about to quintuple in price?
Its "moral" and "fair" if you assume theres no one on the other end of the transaction and the stocks come out of thin air. 
@_date: 2017-07-12 23:50:08
"External" is kind of a stretch when youre talking about the likes of delloitte and kpmg and other big auditing firms and their relationship with massive entities like the federal reserve. They all have large teams completely dedicated to make sure the audit comes up proper. They arent really looking to find anything besides low level corruption or oversights that can be easily corrected. 
All the big banks and investment firms would be regularly "audited" too prior to 2008 but somehow they never found or complained about the massive amount of risk those companies assumed buying credit default swaps or offering subprime mortgages worth hundreds of thousands of dollars to people that worked at gas stations or part time. 
You get a lot different results when an agency *looking* for something majorly illegal audits a company rather than an auditing company just looking to collect millions of dollars off fat auditing contracts. If they find too much wrong you can be sure that contract wont be renewed for the next quarter and theyll just use a different auditor. 