@_author: therealdrgil
@_date: 2016-04-02 23:35:55
Find me a bank that offers 24/7 live customer service (via phone would be fine)--only open while I'm at work...and weekends, yeah forget it. 
Words most often heard from customer service, "I can't". Let's be honest...it's not that you can't...it's that an elected board of people (who will never have any idea of what it's like to live paycheck-to-paycheck) has decided "You can't".  Oh, you'd like to gain access to the funds you clearly gave to us....Hmm....nope....not on a weekend.  No spending money on a Sunday for you! 
I walk in and deposit a check on a Saturday....try to use my debit card later in the day--declined.  "I'm sorry, those funds won't be available until Tuesday."  Really?  4 days to use my own money?
How about declining their "courtesy coverage"...if I don't have the money....don't let me spend it...sounds simple enough (or so I assume).  No way!  Due to piss-poor payment processing...their slow bookkeeping results in NSF fee's that I thought I had opted out of...not to mention the daily charges for an account in the red.  All malicious tactics geared to punish those who can least afford it. They have no problem taking money...it's just getting to it...or having someone available to ask why my debit card suddenly stopped working.
None of that has ever been an issue using Bitcoin.  It works every time I send or receive....and guess what....Bitcoin doesn't have an army of angry women with huge rear ends, smirking from behind a little window (thank God).  
I have never been charged a single dollar for Bitcoin to hold on to my money....I never had to pay for a booklet of paper, so I could hand-write a transaction that might take weeks before the recipient is able to use the funds.
I've often wondered why local banks are generally the most pristine buildings in small towns. How they can possibly have as many employees as they do....and what in the hell do all those people do all day....it certainly doesn't seem to expedite a thing. They must all be there to think-tank missed opportunities to crack the head's of every lower/middle class worker with absurd fee's and charges that realistically make no sense.  
Justify the cost of the fee's.  If you'd stop employing so many people....and building huge temples....maybe you wouldn't have to jack your customer's.  I'd even agree to paying a fee to have someone available weekends/after hours, with the authority to do more than tell me my balance.
All this is coming from the child of a banker.  40+ years my old man has spent grinding it away....making someone (or a board of someone's) more money than he'll ever see in 40 lifetimes.  
So yes....if you haven't guessed it....I despise the banking system....and I refuse to settle for the so-called "status quo".  It's a broken system....and this tirade only scratches the surface of the problems.  Apparently only headline news about bailouts seems to get anything done.  If I had any other option...I'd take it....but you can't get by in today's society without some type of checking account or credit/debit card.  Believe me....cash/fiat would certainly be my alternative if global purchasing via the internet weren't available.
If you've got a better solution than Bitcoin/digital currency, I'm all ears.