@_author: theskepticalidealist
@_date: 2018-01-06 13:35:24
You are so vague they'd not be able to make it hard for long because it is fundamentally out of their control 
@_date: 2017-12-31 13:45:12
Why do people say these things in crypto? Do they just not understand that crypto stops them from shutting it al down? 
@_date: 2018-09-07 19:00:29
You don't seem to understand how money works. The point is to judge value, since dollars are relatively stable you can use that. It's a matter of useful comparison. If I send you 0.1BTC 2 years ago or 6 months ago or 1 hour ago it makes a great deal of a difference to know what value that 0.1BTC actually is that I'm being sent. How did you think you measure hyperinflation? By comparing the value to something stable. How did you think it was possible to buy thousands of bitcoin for a few dollars at one point? What did you think it meant? 
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:47:35
@_date: 2018-08-31 12:40:24
of course you do, if you're spending it in the UK. BTC is not the same value at all times, comparing it to USD is simply to compare it to something stable to see how the value of BTC is changing
@_date: 2014-12-04 23:47:56
Sorry Im a bit late to this, and Im sorry that Im new to BitCoin as I found this thread on google. But can you explain why BitCoin makes it easier vs pay pal or something?
@_date: 2017-08-30 00:43:02


Hopefully it will live up to that name... unlike Segwit sounding like the Harry Potter owl... as in night... as in sleepy, as in slow.. 
@_date: 2017-11-12 06:49:37
Not quite sure what your analogy is saying lol
@_date: 2017-11-12 14:54:01
Either way, the charts are set for another wave anyway, same difference
@_date: 2017-11-13 05:32:39
What definition of predict are you using? lol
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:57:54
Well it would make them only less dumb , they would still be dumb because all they're doing is slowing it down and ensuring a market reaction that would only hasten their own demise. The only thing they can do which they won't is to work with crypto. You can't ban bitcoin, that's like one of the main points of it.
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:52:07
Nonsense, if I had more experience I would have sold some further up. I made a few gains shorting just a little and it was only a few days ago
@_date: 2018-02-02 16:50:51
huh? No it's not, it depends on the situation. You don't look at how much you've made really you look at how what the price is doing. If you've only made 10% might be a very good idea to sell. It's why it's a good idea to get in at the ground floor after  heavy consolidation.
@_date: 2018-02-03 19:46:21
I have no idea what you base this on
@_date: 2017-10-24 04:55:14
What kind of PC lets you do that??
@_date: 2018-02-02 17:32:59
except you will lose....
@_date: 2017-10-26 13:24:04
With an expensive asci from bitmain though? 
I alway hear it's unprofitable to try and mine solo especially if you actually mean a computer you'll use not just a noisey asci box. 
They always say it ends up costing you more in electricity and expense and you were better off just buying it? And won't the difficulty also go up? Aren't there  more probable coins to mine? Or do you do it more because you like the idea of mining  bitcoin and/or have access to cheap electricity? 
@_date: 2017-10-26 14:13:16
You know they'll fail right? 
They rely on ***voluntary*** compliance today and in the US the IRS make a big show of it with the guns and the swat teams in order to try and scare people into it. The fact is even today they don't have enough resources to check everyone and with crypto there's so many ways it can be hidden or the trail run cold even without trying to hide anything. So if someone wanted to al they'd need to do is to have something for them to find and then they'd have to actively decide to devote an incredible amount of resources into investigating whether that was all of it. But there could  be  millions of dollars spread around various places and literally all hidden completely, if someone were to allow them to find something that plausibly enough explains with a little crypto paper trail imagine the amount of sort of justification they would need to actually keep looking anyway for something that they would have no hope of finding if someone didn't want them to. 
If they can't do it now then in the future it will be impossible for them. As someone else said, they will have to come up with another solution. It's kind of exciting because as more people will switch to a store of value and crypto as a means of transacting due to fiat being an increasingly devalued as well as not offering anything, it will force the government to change their whole system. If no one is using fiat they can't collect taxes properly and so they'll have to come up with a way to offer people something that will entice them back.
See, they can't stop this. They can't ban it, they can't get rid of it. Any attempt will simply make it stronger by it's adaptation. Look what happened when they banned the piratebay, eventually it became decentralised and launched their own browser and that's so far gotten around all attempts to shut it down. No longer is there a single server, with someone they can arrest. Piratebay would never have developed these 'defences' if it wasn't for the attacks on it. It's just like virus checkers, a virus checker and malware remover creates a stronger defense like an immune system. Someone has not exposed themselves to germs and viruses wil have a weak immune system, and likewise a virus scanner/remover is strengthened by the malware. Piratebay went down for a while but all they did is slow it down for a bit. When Napster was shutdown there was a motivation to adapt and now then we got peer to peer file sharing and there is no central server or someone to sue. An so the strength of Bitcoin will be increased should they try and attack it, they'll slow it down by attacking the aspects they still have control over but in the end someone will come up with a workaround and now that attack will be uselessness and it will come back stronger. This is the reason people say it's not always good for the law to drive some criminals underground because then you can't see what they're doing.
 The fact is crypto will destroy many industries and many companies will fall. This applies to the government as well, so to speak, because they are effectively lost without a way to control the money and collect taxes. That's WHY the IRS take it so seriously, because without taxes what can the government do? It's not setup to run without it. Taxes are the fuel, or oil, that allow the machine to run. We're moving into a time equivalent of the automobile utterly destroying the horse and cart industry. They can use the law to force companies to hand over records and send in a whole damn army of swat in the current system, and if you bought gold or something and hidden it in your house or under it then that still it capable of being found. People will make mistakes an they will get caught hiding money from them, but they will only serve as a test that will adapt people's behaviours and as I said if necessary inspire programmers to create something specifically targets whatever weakness they were able to exploit. Verge is claming to be the most private and also include hiding IP addresses. How necessary will that be? Who knows. Maybe not enough, or maybe it's essential. We need attacks to the systems to test all this, and they will attack it. 
What they should do is work with it rather than against it so they don't get destroyed by it,  but old systems tend to fight the new and only realise the futility when it's gone past the point of no return for them. But you can't blame many of such systems for fighting it because there are many which can't adapt, they simply don't have any place anymore and only exist as a means to overcome a lack of efficiency. And when you're the equivalent of the horse and cart industry and unable to adapt to the automobile, all you can do is futilely fight and provide more strength to the thing that killed you before it finishes you off. 
That's the moral of the story, the best way to deal with change is to go with it or you'll be fighting against the current which will eventually wear you down an you'll drown.
 The old system has reached its limits, it's gone as far as it can go. It's become stubborn and blind, it wont change or it cant change and we're seeing it currently eating itself alive. Blockchain is the next stage of the evolution of humanity which may sound overly grandiose but we've connected people separated all over the world by thousands of miles with the evolution of transport, with telecommunications. These places are now effectively all the same place and that's why they start to look more similar and culture mixes easier because you don't need to spend weeks on a boat to take a trip there or engage in a conversation over months by post waiting for a boat just to get the letter across the sea. What we've always done is build networks. That's what roads are, we're creating a network between places more easily connected this way. The postal system is a network,  where it's transporting packets of information around. More efficient technology to speed up communication and delivery of those packets of information upgrades the speed and power of the network. As time goes on redundant aspects fall apart while others transform themselves. 
Now we have the Internet connecting the world in a vast network never seen before. We are at once trying to always come together but at the same time stay separate. That's always the energy at work and we need those two drives to create the system that functions best. If everything is all too similar it's like the problems in evolution when a population lacks genetic diversity. Diversity of thought is just another form of the same thing, if everyone thinks the same it puts them at risk because you need disagreement to challenge ideas so you have some measure to know where you are. The " left" and " " right " whatever they may be are just representing opposing views and are essential. So we need new ideas and connecting the whole world allows more diverse ideas to come out of it due to many differences in perception. So we want to connect more and more with others but we also desperately desire to retain our own individuality, that's what happens when we make friends and fall in love. We don't want to become them and connect completely because otherwise we'll not be two different beings anymore and you won't be able to appreciate them.  If you mix all your paint colours together you just end up with a big mess but if you put them together in the right way you create something beatiful - separate but distinct. 
 The blockchain is the next stage of the Internet and so long as it was possible it was always going to happen. The centralised system was a necessary system that now expands from poorly networked  nodes to a multidimensional system far more efficient and capable. These aren't fundamentally different, the postal system and the internt, we think they're different things but if you don't decide to arbitrarily decide to say this began here you can see that they're all the same technology when conceived at a higher level scale. Packets of data appear to run through cities when seen from a satellite or visualised data such as flight patterns.  Interestingly it also appears to look a lot like neural networks in the brain as well images of distant galaxy clusters. Blockchain is inevitable because it represents something the whole universe, us included, have always been doing. Fighting it is futile (insert joke about the Borg here) 
@_date: 2017-06-16 03:32:33
Pump her hard.
@_date: 2017-06-23 14:58:49
Sounds like...
HAHAHAHA!!! SEE HOW FOOLISH YOU ARE!!  YOU DID NOT HAVE A CHANCE FOR I AM BUT A WHISPER, A GHOSTLY SHADOW. THE POWER OF THE BLOCKCHAIN IS NO MATCH FOR YOU!!! DO NOT WEEP FOR YOUR DEATH NOR CLING WITH FUTILE DESPERATION TO YOUR LIFE FOR YOUR FATE WAS SEALED LONG AGO!!! ALL THAT LIVE MUST SURELY DIE, ALL GODS AND MEN THAT LIVETH MUST SOMEDAY TURN TO ASHES. SEARCH YOUR DATABASES YOU KNOW IT TO BE TRUE. FOR THIS WORLD WAS NEVER MEANT FOR YOU, IT IS MEANT FOR THAT WHICH IS YET TO COME! THOU ARE A RELIC OF THE PAST BE WISE SHOW GRACE IN DEATH!! ....OR NOT!! ...EITHER WAY.... YOUR TIME IS NIGH  1q001010101010101