@_author: thesatoshiway
@_date: 2017-11-14 13:54:40
I think we are talking about two different things. The bitcoin segwit method for being a store of value has no problem in my opinion. Multiple coins have that approach and as I said previously coins like vertcoin and verium took this concept to the next level and became arguably asic resistant, to provide better decentralization. My point is, for accomplishing what bitcoin segwit is trying to accomplish , it makes more sense to do what bitcoin cash is doing. Bitcoin will never be a micro payment solution. Lightening networks implementation and adoption is not even on the horizon. Adoption of segwit itself on bitcoin is still a problem by itself let alone other technological advancements. For a micro payment solution, technologies like dash, iota, raiblocks, and even Ethereum make more sense. I believe bitcoin cash is going to drop the concept of cash pretty soon, and claim it's just bitcoin, providing miners with more profitable operations due to high number of transactions per block, resulting in more fees. This is a viable solution because the coin issuance will eventually stop and transaction fees need to be profitable enough for miners to continue mining. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:02:26
I don't think "Unspecified date" is something that a $200B market can tolerate. While I understand your point, I believe the team behind bitcoin segwit are still stuck in the early days of bitcoin, when no-one knew about it and delays, drama and other matters wouldn't affect the future of the coin. With $200B at stake, things have changed and are changing dramatically in the crypto market. The mentality that, things will come when they come or when we decide to do them, is simply not going to work. We have seen the same thing in the past in the Internet revolution, when open source platforms started (different flavours of Linux for example) and they didn't follow the market, look what happened, people from the industry understood the value of the technology, adopted it, put capital and effort behind it and came up with some of the most valuable companies on the Stock Market (Apple, Google and Windows as examples). Yes Linux is great, it's being used widely as servers, it is pretty much running the internet, but no ordinary user uses core Linux, they use Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, etc. Yes, some of these operating systems are based on Linux technology, but that's exactly what I am talking about, if you don't go with the demand and just keep delaying things till you feel your are ready, the Market will overtake you. Look at AOL, look at Yahoo, a company that was worth $100B someday, was sold for less than $5B (just the internet business of Yahoo). I think Bitcoin technology will survive, the same way that Linux core survived, but other technologies will and actually are being built using its concept that will take the lead for being digital cash and micro-payment solutions. Without discrediting bitcoin segwit, I respect what bitcoin cash is trying to do more. It's trying to allow for more transactions with cheaper fees asap so people can get into the cryptoworld, using BCH as a medium of exchange, moving it easily to their wallet, among different Exchange platforms, etc. When they get this adoption and their price goes higher, miners are going to pay more attention to BCH, hence pushing the price higher and higher, at that point the market will decide to call which chain, the Bitcoin. My guess is, the market will follow the demand, as it has always done, if there is demand for BCH, it will become the main bitcoin, and bitcoin will become a household term like what Google has become in or everyday language. That's what I mean by dropping the concept of Cash, I think Bitcoin Cash has the Cash term in their name because they want to associate themselves with the Original Satoshi white paper titled: Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic "Cash" System. When they get mass adoption, they will drop the word and will start marketing themselves as bitcoin. And no, I don't think this is a scam, this is just called free market competition. Bitcoin cash is as bitcoin as Bitcoin segwit, they are fork of the same chain, like children of the same family. To be fair, bitcoin cash has more genes from the original bitcoin embedded in it than bitcoin segwit, so it other terms, its even more bitcoin! And that's why I don't get why people blame bitcoin cash for having bitcoin in its name.
@_date: 2017-11-14 11:53:57
8 mb per block, 1 block per 10 minutes, Translates into 8*6*24= 1152 mb per day, or 1152*365=420480 mb = 411 gb, per year! A two terabytes hard drive comes at a price tag less than a couple of hundred dollars, and that's good for a few years! As we go forward the price of storage and also RAM(in case you are going to bring it up) is going to go down, as it has in the past years. Come on, there are 12 TB internal hard drives coming to market soon!!! Storage is never been a problem. It's been something to scare people without knowledge about how they work. With regard to bandwidth, most of internet connections are unlimited these days, so a couple of GB of extra upload and download is no problem. Again, remember that whatever we can do, no one with a regular machine in a village in Africa is not going to run a full node, simple game theory, do the math! With your mentality, no one could imagine streaming HD movies at home someday, when internet started. Technology progresses, brother/sister! 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:06:28
Remember how Apple, Microsoft got to the point they are right now? Where they perfect on every release? It's called Agile development!! You meet the market demand as soon as possible and plan for future based on the again "market demand". (Corporations are mentioned just as examples to convey the message, I do NOT believe Bitcoin Segwit, or Bitcoin Cash are being coporationalized and are going to be for profit organisations.) 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:46:21


Look at my other comments, I have talked about asicboost. The level of ego behind your statement is just beyond imagination. 
Bitcoin cash is never going to be a micro payment solution. Please see my conversation with another user here: 
@_date: 2017-11-14 15:41:49
I agree with most of your response but the last sentence! Why should bitcoin segwit have the single word "Bitcoin" as its name? I think neither of Bitcoin segwit nor bitcoin cash should call them just "Bitcoin". Same thing as there is no Linux, there is always a flavour of Linux, Ubuntu, Redhat, etc.. Bitcoin is no exception, Bitcoin segwit and bitcoin cash are both equally rightful to have bitcoin in their name, they have the same genes, with different mutations. Which one to survive, we'll let the market determine the fittest. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 13:57:09
Thanks for your reply. I really appreciate people who take the time to respond properly. Please see my comments here I think we are talking about two different things...
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:22:01
Yes, let's agree to disagree on our perspectives :) . But it should be fun to grab our popcorn and watch the market rolling out the future. I do have a personal opinion on what's likely to happen, but I rather not mention it here since people (not folks like you, of course) are expert in personal attacks. 
I am not aware of any major Bitcoin Cash mover advocating the [Bitcoin Segwit , Bitcoin Cash ] naming resolution, it is just my own interpretation of the situation and a suggestion for a win-win solution with respect to free market competition spirit. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 16:01:26
Why does this seem so strange to you? If you look at the stock market there are different classes of shares for even the same company with awfully similar ticker symbols. For example as we speak, Google has the following: 
NASDAQ: GOOGL : $1039 per share
NASDAQ: GOOG : $1024  per share
They are both shares in Google, with different definitions. At some point the price difference was more than $100 between the different classes. They are both valid. Does the average user who purchases shares of Google in their ETF know about this? Most likely, No. When a market gets big enough, there will be a certain group of people doing the investing, purchasing, etc on behalf of the public. The only reason everyone needs to do it themselves in the cryptomarket right now, is that the market is not big enough. Wait for 2018 when the market cap goes much higher, There will be futures trading, ETFs, etc coming in. I don't think having Bitcoin Segwit and Bitcoin Cash names at the same time is going to cause a problem. 
@_date: 2017-11-14 06:23:55
Bitcoin isn't decentralized either. This article is very biased, providing no reason on why bitcoin cash is less decentralized. No ordinary user can make a profit from mining bitcoin either. Eventually mining will be done in server farms as it was stated in the original bitcoin white paper by Satoshi. Please read that white paper again, it's clearly explained there.
If one needs decentralization, they should go to vertcoin, or even more decentralized coins such as verium. Bitcoin and it's forks are not going to be fully decentralized in the future, by any stretch of imagination. Especially when cryptocurrency goes mainstream. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 17:39:17
Thank you for the nice words. Let's see how many people actually read the post and how many people will trash it without reading, just because they don't like facts. I'm not apposed to either of bitcoin segwit, or bitcoin cash. Just stating facts. 
@_date: 2017-11-15 17:46:03
Good question! I have no idea why there is no tolerance for some facts! 
@_date: 2017-11-14 11:57:03
Please see my detailed response to the other comment. Running nodes for bitcoin cash is quite possible. In case you are worried about asicboost, that's just business, they don't buy miners from that producer, they would have to buy it from someone else. Can we claim hardware companies are the problem? I don't think so. 