@_author: thesaltyflipper
@_date: 2017-03-01 01:13:23
Best to purchase gold and silver locally in small amounts and to get coins so they are a "collectible" and exempt from certain laws that apply to bars and ingots. Don't expect to pay spot price either, spot price is what the dealer will pay you for it. The buyer pays a premium on top of spot and as demand rises locally that premium can increase by quite a bit. Back when I had an account at a big national bank they informed me that my safety deposit box was NOT to be used to store gold and silver. These new laws are nuts.
@_date: 2017-03-31 07:02:28
Sadly this will do little to end corruption. One could buy an item with digital currency and fence it for cash to use in bribes to officials. Or just bribe an official with a "gift" purchased with digital currency.
The real reason they want this is in the article itself, they can tax every transaction every time the law allows. This will be a boon for the government which will experience massive growth due to a surging budget derived from taxes.
It will also allow immediate detailed scrutiny of any citizen. A deep view into the medical and financial records all in one place accessible from any node in the system connected via 2G wireless. If you run afoul of the government they could simply deactivate your account leaving you penniless and destitute in a nanosecond. 
Keep in mind that your cellular account, which will be your only source for data and voice outside of most cities, is also linked into this system. So every site you see and every text or call is available to authorities. It is 1984 on steroids. Sure we have similar here in the states but it is data collected from multiple sites all funneled into major government databases. This system is built from the ground up to earmark everything in regards to ownership thus bypassing the usual hurdles in spying on someone's life.
@_date: 2016-11-03 20:12:25
It would, for anyone who had their stuff physically located in China. Major players would have their machines colocated elsewhere I would image.
@_date: 2016-10-04 10:12:52
Oh they put what appears to be a common RSA token into the actual card. That's very slick. The RSA tokens or whatever they call the little keychain sized devices with a button on them do the same thing with rolling unique codes and worked well up until RSA got hacked and they had to hand out all new tokens to everyone.