@_author: theth1rdchild
@_date: 2018-01-13 16:42:59
So here's the big secret:
This is going to keep happening. Forever and always.
The only thing to stop these people is legal action. Courts don't care because governments feel threatened by Bitcoin. Crypto will continue to be ripe for greedy idiots. There is no solution, this is the future libertarians wanted.
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:00:29
That is the majority of opinion across any major bitcoin forum of discussion.
I'm personally not a fan of a private police force, but I do want a more transparent  government in general. I can't believe a private police force would be any more secure from abuse than any state, as corporations world over have shown through misuse of private corporate security and pmc's. Just my two cents, but I respect people who have legitimate beliefs to the contrary.
@_date: 2014-03-11 14:49:29
Alright, numb nuts, I'm sure you've heard it before but let's explain it again since your genius self hasn't been listening.
The vast majority of bitcoiners want the freedom to do with their earned money what they want, for free. They want a decentralized (read:the fed can't just print more, etc), globally transferable monetary value system that doesn't profit the currently pretty fucking evil banking system.
What they don't want is anarchic cowboy western bullshit, and I don't believe there's much they've done to condone that.
Beyond that, a government willing to prosecute theft for those they favor, and then turn a blind eye because they're not a huge fan of the type of property you own, is a discriminatory, bullying, piece of shit.
Also I don't think untraceable means what you think it means.
@_date: 2014-03-09 22:30:38
Misleading title, OP. Completely out of context.
Still an annoying article, though.
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:36:27
You don't have to regulate -bitcoin- to stop that.
You simply have to treat bitcoin like any kind of property, at which point its theft is still a crime because it belongs to you. There are also laws against breaking into computer systems unauthorized and selling people's data. Does any of that have to do with regulating bitcoin?
The FDIC served/serves it's purpose for millions of Americans, but in the digital age, the blockchain enables transparency, all we have to do is demand addresses from our exchanges. Most of the regulations bitcoiners don't want are like that: we don't need them and they would only invite regulation we don't want along with them.
This is really not hard to understand.
@_date: 2014-03-08 03:07:27
Victim blaming is fucking stupid and you should feel fucking stupid.
The people who had money stolen know they fucked up, they don't need your self-affirming righteous shit to remind them.
You can apply this to any victim blaming really, it's an inherent trait of assholes to want to believe that they don't have to feel bad for people. Rationalize abuse or theft or whatever, I hope you reconsider before a friend or relative comes to you asking for help when they get fucked over.
@_date: 2014-03-18 02:44:48
As another commenter pointed out, your word choice was purposefully abrasive and less about helping the bitcoin community share your epiphany and more a "ugh, let's not be untouchables"
But in all honesty, evangelizing had been annoying for a while. Didn't you see the "shit bitcoiners say" videos?
@_date: 2014-03-17 23:47:36
Such Anger
Much hate
I enjoy dogecoin because charity and silliness are infectious.
I enjoy bitcoin because sometimes I gotta do business too.
Nice unjustified anger post bro.
@_date: 2014-03-11 22:32:48
If someone stole my bluray collection and sold them all and then the police found him, my disks are gone but he can be prosecuted and sued for damages.
Again this isn't the  government sticking it's nose into bitcoin, it just makes fucking sense and you people are naive as fuck if you think initial proposed regulations won't cover And use for precedent the exact same things I'm saying.
It's in your best damn interests for them to, but with the amount of not listening going on here I'm gonna assume you're probably going to ignore whatever point I'm making and whine about suing or tracking the thief which is another issue entirely and is just as easily solvable.
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:30:36
I would argue that a very large portion of the recent interest in crypto and the free market and even libertarian concepts is due to the amazing and far reaching stupidity in high places.
Besides that, what you just said doesn't negate my point at all.
The banks were stupid and they got a bail out they weren't even legally entitled to.
If people are stupid but protected under the law they're still protected under the law.
Again, this is very easy to understand.
@_date: 2014-03-11 15:54:49
Thoughtful reply actually, thanks.
My other reply in this thread answers some of this, but to continue: the govt has already confiscated coins. What if I were to steal those coins? Do you think they'd not come after me? Data is included in personal/commercial property. Think about the prosecution and FBI hunt related to half life 2's source code theft.
There is the argument to be made that there's no data stolen, the coins were transferred in ownership to Mt gox or whoever, but since bitcoins don't actually "exist" (they aren't lines of data) it was simply the concept of ownership that was stolen. Again, however, there is more than enough legal precedent for concept of ownership and I can't see any judge who was not bought out considering theft of "proof of  ownership" not theft. If I stole the deed to a house I didn't steal the house, but I stole proof of ownership, and that is absolutely theft.
Again, none of that is regulating bitcoin, it is simply treating bitcoin as any other possession.
Bitcoin is infinitely traceable and designed as such, that's the blockchain. Cash is inherently untraceable, save for private bank ledgers the public never sees and special govt agencies. You meant it's largely anonymous, not untraceable.
EDIT: I would like to add that op isn't even asking for the FBI to step in on their btc, but on the theft of their personal data. This again is entirely unrelated to the regulation of bitcoin as a currency or property.
@_date: 2014-03-08 18:05:23
He's childish in his methods and ego, but I can still see a point for the greater good in what he's doing. Bitcoin is much better off with some bad press and a forced changing of the guard than a continuance of business as usual from the foundation, and we don't really have any other weapons.
@_date: 2014-03-11 17:24:19
It's not bailing out
Risky behavior is literally all banks do
They actually GOT a bailout
I cant formulate a proper response to this
@_date: 2014-03-11 16:10:20
Thank you, I will!
@_date: 2014-03-09 23:14:27
I think it's understandable considering the average person who will be reading this article. We're not stone age here, but we're not exactly a tech hub either.
Still better than Newsweek.