@_author: thetommyd
@_date: 2014-04-14 12:46:10
I put in a support ticket. We'll see if that does anything. Nothing changed at my end in four months!
@_date: 2014-01-20 03:22:29
BBJ&gt;BTC Has a Ring To It!
@_date: 2014-01-20 02:19:05
You can actually do a bit of an Arbitrage for the coin if Your Favorite Exchange Happens to a bit more than the buy price. Cavirtex for example. It's OK if you need some quick BTC for some reason. Knowledgeable Traders will obviously buy serious coin on Exchanges. Like I said; I think it's Great because because it gives BTC exposure to the General Public and the More the Merrier in the Long Run!
@_date: 2018-12-27 20:05:29
My Off-line claim arrived December 25th. Here's what I received today....
 To the users who have filed the Proof of Rehabilitation Claim Form through the Offline Method,  
   
This e-mail is being sent to those who have filed a proof of rehabilitation claim against MtGox Co., Ltd. (“MTGOX”) by filling out the Proof of Rehabilitation Claim Form or amended any details of such filing by the Form of Amendment to Proof of Rehabilitation Claim (collectively, hereinafter referred to as the “Form”) and mailing it to the Office of the Rehabilitation Trustee (hereinafter referred to as the “Offline Method”) in relation to MTGOX’s rehabilitation proceedings (Tokyo District Court 2017 (*sai*) No. 35).  Please note that this e-mail is being sent to all of the users who have filed the Form through the Offline Method, regardless of whether an occurrence of the Phenomenon (as defined below) has been confirmed in respect of the users.  
   
As the Rehabilitation Trustee has already notified, the Form which is filed through the Offline Method must be filled out by using Adobe Acrobat (Reader).  If, contrary to such notification, the PDF form is filled out by using an application other than Adobe Acrobat (Reader), such as Google Chrome, Safari or Microsoft Edge web browser, it has been observed that the function of PDF form of the Form may not work appropriately, and as a result, the automatic calculation necessary for the Form may not be executed properly (the automatic calculation may result in a minute error by one to a few yen, or may not execute calculation at all and cause the required field to be left blank; such phenomena hereinafter being collectively referred to as the “Phenomenon”).    
   
However, the Rehabilitation Trustee assumes that those who have submitted the Form have intended to file the Form which is reflecting properly executed automatic calculation, and accordingly, the Rehabilitation Trustee intends to deem the amount which will result from properly executed automatic calculation to constitute the amount of claim filed in respect of the Form submitted through the Offline Method regarding which an occurrence of the Phenomenon has been confirmed.  For specific details of the automatic calculation, please check pages 3 and 4 of the Proof of Rehabilitation Claim Form where such details are described.  
   
Instead of the above-described handling, if you intend to treat the amount stated in the Form as the amount of claim filed even though an occurrence of the Phenomenon has been confirmed in respect of your Form, please contact either the Call Center or the E-mail Support mentioned below by **January 9, 2019, Japan time**.  
 Call Center  
・Phone number:　+81－3－4588－3922  
・Reception hours: Monday － Friday, 1:00 p.m. － 10:00 p.m. (Japan time)  
 
E-mail Support   
・E-mail address：[support  
・Title: “Notification concerning the policy for handling of the Offline Method (PDF automatic calculation)”  
・Main text: After stating your name and the user name registered with the MTGOX exchange, please write “I want the amount stated in the Form to be treated as the amount of claim filed.”  
**※Please make sure to transmit the e-mail from the e-mail address at which you have received this e-mail.  Please also understand that we will not be able to respond to individual inquiries.**   
You may ascertain the amount which results from properly executed automatic calculation by filling out the Form using Adobe Acrobat (Reader).  If you do not know how to use Adobe Acrobat (Reader), please refer to “Guidelines for Completing the Proof of Rehabilitation Claim” ([  Please understand that we will not be able to respond to individual inquiries regarding the amount which results from properly executed automatic calculation.   
   
This e-mail is used only for the purpose of sending messages, and please note we are unable to check or respond to any replies to this e-mail.  
   
Nobuaki Kobayashi, attorney-law, Rehabilitation Trustee of Rehabilitation Debtor MtGox Co., Ltd. 
I should have been born a Lawyer in Japan.
&amp;