@_author: thethreeas
@_date: 2013-09-09 03:26:06
aint this what off chain transactions are for?
@_date: 2013-08-26 14:59:36
I have a few friends doing agricultural training in Africa, who truly want to teach folks how to fish (in this case higher yielding crops without the influence of GMO).  Is there a way I may suggest to them to network with you regarding viability of accepting bitcoin donations?
@_date: 2013-08-25 23:24:59
I totally agree that it was inspired by Greek architecture.  I think this style was chosen back in those days to display the power of this young American capital in the same way the Greeks/Romans wanted its government buildings to tower over its citizens... and of course included the Greek/Roman religion into the power structure.  My point is that in today's world our banks look like temples, they're intentionally built to put a passersby in awestruck condition.  This then is in line with the question of separation of Bank and State...  don't you think the priests of Jupitor's temple and the Federal governors have a lot in common?  More than just the temples that they work in?
Pierre (Peter) Charles L'Enfant was given the task of creating the city plan for the new capital city.[6] L'Enfant chose Jenkins Hill as the site for the Capitol building, with a grand boulevard connecting it with the President's House, and a public space stretching westward to the Potomac River.[7] In reviewing L'Enfant's plan, Thomas Jefferson insisted the legislative building be called the "Capitol" rather than "Congress House". The word "Capitol" comes from Latin and is associated with the Roman temple to Jupiter Optimus Maximus on Capitoline Hill.[8] In addition to coming up with a city plan, L'Enfant had been tasked with designing the Capitol and President's House, however he was dismissed in February 1792 over disagreements with President George Washington and the commissioners, and there were no plans at that point for the Capitol.[9]
@_date: 2013-08-04 02:33:42
2nd post on reddit, so glad it's this one.  I met the father of these boys at the Bitcoin 2013 conference, and given that their company provided candy in the conference goody bags, I tried their candy, too.  He's an awesome dad with awesome kids selling an awesome product.  I've been assisting my children with some btc entrepreneurial pursuits, and this story is an inspiration for me to really follow through with that.  Thanks, bitaboom for passing along your experience buying this product, I was meaning to but didn't follow through.  I will now, as in 30 seconds from now!
@_date: 2013-08-24 20:22:09
I think this is good feedback regarding having a tshirt collection that not just based on popular cultural references...
On the other hand, I believe these designs are spot on for the target market of folks who would respond to these cultural references.  Even for the 5-year olds.  You want parents that would buy some T's for their tots... what better way to propagate btc than to ensure it's intertwined with children/young adult/pop cultures.
@_date: 2013-09-24 01:36:29
Wow!  Thank you so much.  It took me nearly 30 minutes to figure out how to accept it, tell my son about about it, and pass it on to him.  So cool!
Now that I know how to receive tips, I'll definitely pay it forward and start passing on thanks via btc tips.  Thanks for another lesson.  Jaden says thanks and, "I might get some honey caramel bees brothers with it!" 
@_date: 2013-08-24 21:06:46
Separation of church and state is not as important as separation of bank and state.  It's important to understand, whether you're a reader of religious texts or not, the real meaning behind Jesus pushing out the money changers from the temple...
I can't do better answering the question of "Do We Need a Separation of Bank and State?" than to offer this example.
The moneychangers at the Jewish temples took Roman coins from worshipers who wanted to give money to the temple.  Jewish law forbid donations to the temple with coins that had idols, like the Roman coins of this time.  The priests probably also wanted coins with a higher silver content than the debased Roman coins!  So, pilgrims to the city who had Roman/idol coins could either exchange their coins for those that the temple would take, or convert their coins into goods like animals to sacrifice to offer to the temple.
The rates that the moneychangers were giving the pilgrims were exorbitant.  The moneychangers were licensed by the temple, and there were kickbacks to the priests.  I can't think of any other example that overlays nearly completely with banking, money exchange laws, and the regulatory hurdles that bitcoin is facing.
So YES, we need a separation of bank and state.  It is absolutely no coincidence that the private Federal Reserve building that propagates the legacy banking system with its antiquated federal reserve notes looks like a temple.