@_author: thethummper
@_date: 2016-08-08 18:13:45
OK, so its back up, and it turns out Bitfinex stole 36% OF MY CASH USD BALANCE! I thought I was lucky because almost none of my balance was actively being used anywhere. I was pretty busy last week, so i just left it with some stupid high margin funding offer (which, on my history, was never taken). So my balance was not in BTC, it was not lent, and yet they took a 36% of the entire USD balance.
This is a second theft, by Bitfinex, in order to save their skin. Its frankly even worse than if hackers stole it, because if hackers stole my USD balance I could have an FDIC claim. If Bitfinex does it I do not.
BTW, just so we are clear, 36% of my USD balance is absolutely enough for me to pursue this in whatever fucking country they want me to.
@_date: 2016-08-09 05:38:57
You clearly have no idea how a cigar club works. People get private humidors for storage. You bring in your own cigars, or buy some there, and they store them for you. Its like safe deposit boxes. If Wells Fargo got robbed, do you think they would break into everyone's safe deposit boxes and redistribute the contents? Its absurd. 
I get that you lost out, but you chose a more inherently risky, and better paying, asset than I did, and you lost. I do not owe you a soft landing. You cannot justify socializing loss here anymore than you could on wall st or any economy. In any scenario it is outright theft by nature.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:10:05
OK, let me use a more "fitting analogy".
You belong to a cigar club, in which each member gets an individual locker to put their cigars in and both they and the company have keys specific to their locker. Someone steels some cigars from a few of the individuals's lockers. Should the club pay them back since it was THEIR security responsibility? or should they go into each affected person's locker, steal one cigar, and give it to the effected people?
Or, how about this. Its very VERY simple. You may WANT them to socialize it, THEY may want to. You guys could all agree that its the best, or most fair route, but the fact is that you do not have the right to do it. Period. You cannot perpetrate a second theft, even if you think it's pragmatic, because it is unethical and likely illegal.
@_date: 2016-08-09 05:28:57
This is absolutely incorrect. The issue they had with the CDIC was that they HAD to actually provide their customers with BTC when bought, even when bought with a margin. That means shared keys, which customers get one of. This is not an empty gesture, and THIS is the exact reason for it. If you had USD at bitfinex, its not THEIR USD, its yours in an individualized account at an actual FDIC ensured bank. If you have BTC, those are YOUR BTC. Legally they have to be. 
Everyone that gets screwed wants to socialize their loss. Thats what the banks did in 2008, thats what Wall St. keeps doing. You want to keep your gains but socialize your loss. Thats called corruption and theft. 
BTC holders were taking an inherent, known risk that USD holders did not. By advertising FDIC insurance and individualized accounts at a legitimate bank, Bitfinex gave a false sense of security to people who chose to hold USD. Im sorry for the BTC loss for the hack victims, that doesnt mean they can go to other groups and steal their assets. You chose to take a risk that I didnt, I should not have to soften that blow.
@_date: 2016-08-08 18:49:33
Id just like to say, regarding your socialized loss  and "ensure we are getting a fair deal", these things do not coexist. Socialization is theft. Its that way in government, its that way here, it is by definition theft and therefore not "fair". I get why you might be for this, its got to hurt to lose all your cash, but that really only makes you an asshole advocating for a second theft, this time in your name.
go fuck yourself.
@_date: 2016-08-08 18:24:00
Dear Bitfinex, I totally agree that something needs to be done to AT LEAST share the burden of those who were hacked. Here's the thing, I didnt create a multi million / year site and then fuck up the security. I didnt create a world-wide currency exchange, and then forget to have 3rd party insurance. So, maybe if you want to "socialize" the loss, you should pull out your own fucking wallet before you steal $USD out of my CASH balance. I have no interest in funding your altruism. If you want to help out those people who got fucked by your incompetence, dont steal it from other people so you can feel self righteous without making a sacrifice.
I didnt buy BTC with it, and I didnt give you permission to give me BTX for it. BTC is largely unregulated, if you want to steal your customers' BTC nobody can stop you, but this is cash, currency of a sovereign nation, subject to its regulations, and under FDIC protection. Go fuck yourself.
@_date: 2016-08-06 20:23:17
Its also very likely illegal, and circumvents the FDIC insurance as it was a decision by Bitfinex, not a 3rd party theft. So it completely disables the security measures lenders counted on when they agreed to invest.
@_date: 2016-08-09 05:15:52
Bitfinex advertised that they were FDIC insured, meaning if they go bankrupt the US government will re-imburse you up to $250,000. Im not a lawyer, but heres my understanding of this:
- Only cash USD balances are insured
- The 'haircut' that Bitfinex imposed on USD balances was basically a forced sale, I strongly doubt that amount would be covered.
So, basically, Bitfinex circumvented the FDIC protection of a third of all USD balances, and pilfered cash from individualized accounts. They dont own those accounts. Its not a slush fund, we didnt have X% of a communal pot, a USD balance is a balance in an actual bank. This is outright theft.