@_author: thetimeisrightnow
@_date: 2015-11-10 13:25:32
A few months ago when I had money stuck in igot, the one thing that always made me feel better was reading this post I found on bitcointalk, dated 17 December 2014, from DaBeagle: (
I haven't done that many trades with Igot, especially as they made me jump through hoops to get my account authorised, which I feel was for their enjoyment. Even though I am a professional currency and precious metals dealer who trades in the millions each month and runs several successful companies, I was treated like an idiot. Maybe I was an idiot for pursuing Igot for an account in the first place. But I thought it was a change of pace and an interesting new concept. But I was told so many lies, and such utter crap that left me thinking, these guys are not going to last. Every question I emailed, which by the way takes an average of 12 hours to get an answer, are  returned with nothing to do with the original question, and strangely they are all by the same person. My imagination pictures them in a broken down seedy office with two people amongst milk crates for desks no phones and a couple of old rusty Pentiums.
I know that sounds harsh but their customer service draws that visual image. Unless I'm a special case, and actually for everyone else’s sake  I really hope so, but I think most are treated like myself. I have read some horrible reviews on them, but know some people like to carry on. But seriously if I see a positive one, I'm pretty sure its Julie (or whatever name she likes to use) hashing them out.
So in the past they have lost my deposits, lost my transfers, frozen my account for no reason and even after I had proof the money was in their account, they denied it. Unfortunately just before Julie sent me the same "We don't have it, its normal to take 10-20 days to do a bank transfer", and also the only reason I know someone else works there, I received an email saying my funds were cleared (5 days after they actually cleared their account). But still denial from Julie that they don't have it.
But as I am a glutton for punishment, and really like to see these amateurs fumble around grandstanding there performance, I did another transfer today, Having to email them as normal, warning them its coming or they won't find it for a week. I am told "oh, we changed that account 4 days ago" I should have checked with them before I sent, "Now that's your fault, try and get it back from the bank yourself". I rechecked my emails, nothing about any changes in their system ,although what kind of works there one day, isn't there for long. I looked at the deposit page like she said a notice was placed. Still nothing. Perhaps it only flashed up there for a minute, usual IGOT style. I explained although my last name is St.James I can't read their minds. If they don't inform their customers of change how the hell is anybody to know.. But all I get "Not our problem"..
It wasn't much, only $3k, but these cowboys are going to tarnish the industry, which will lead to more legislation and heavy handed rules making a new and fresh market impossible to work with. The government can’t wait to shut this down, all they need is a good excuse, and people getting swindled losing their life savings are what headlines are made from.
So please walk away Rick Day, pack up your bongos before you ruin it for everyone. If one customers experience is 60 out of 60 trades a complete battle and nightmare, your obviously not capable of running a fish and chip shop in Australia let alone anything in the financial industry. I have basically been told by your staff (Julie, and the other guy by proxy) I have lost my 3 grand. Oh well…..
Tomorrow I will release 200k to my legal team to take everything, including those shiny bongo's. And if it needs another 200k so be it.
I'm sure going to be happy resting my feet on your milk crate desk.
Oh and I didn't want to give you that one star, but its the minimum. But I'll get it back in the settlement anyway.
@_date: 2015-11-07 12:43:34
This is disgraceful. If cryptsy give even a single fuck about their reputation they should pay this man what they owe. Otoh please keep us informed about whether you get your money back.