@_author: theunz
@_date: 2017-01-01 15:54:00
TL;DR: I'm ranty - but I'm not offended or mad at you, I just am afraid that the line of thinking you have has the implications of misleading people as much as the media does. Skepticism is good, denouncing all media is usually inaccurate and bad. Bias ranges from extreme, to not as bad. Putting the word experts in quotation inaccurately devalues all people who are experienced in their field and writes them off as pawns of the mainstream media's manipulation even when the majority of them aren't. **Thank you for taking the time to respectfully discuss this, even if we completely disagree. Also, I can see how you're pissed and are as skeptical of journalism. Let's be honest, it's hard not to be.**
It's predictions based off of poling and other data. Yes, they get it wrong. So what? It's *data science*, most of these people aren't there to tell you what to think. Seriously, I'm not talking about the media, but I'm talking about all of those statisticians who just love numbers. Most of them, while exposed to their own personal bias, don't intentionally try to mislead or get things wrong. They try to follow patterns, reliable stats, and with voters, look at the groups of those who will turn out and how strong their pull was in previous elections.
Here's the thing, of course the media has bias. Implying all of the "mainstream" media has the same bias is ridiculous. Generally, they don't try to tell people what to think or manipulate people as strongly as you imply. It depends on the outlet, how they benefit, etc. But it's all off of ad revenue. Also, there's absolutely nothing wrong with skepticism. Even if the argument is that maybe these Statisticians really do care, and sure, they try to be scientist in a field where you have to try to predict human psychology on a massive scale listening to "reliable" groups of voters... they're all just under editorial control for these organizations. You're right. However, maybe the content of the articles are super politicalized, the underlying data is usually genuine - but these are all really, really vague predictions. No one benefits from getting this stuff wrong - remember that.
Here's my biggest problem with your argument - and I say this with 100% respect for you. You've engaged with me respectfully, and even at the end of the day, we completely disagree - I really appreciate that. So thank you. However, your line of thinking, with the extremes you're implying to it, lead to the entire "everyone is sheeple if they listen to MSM and we're all being manipulated." which usually, not always, devolves into really paranoid thinking that feeds on fear mongering and into believing more radical and inaccurate things than what the mainstream reports.  It is dangerous. Media bias can be really extreme, to hardly none, depending on who is reporting, what they benefit from bias, and who controls the organization. Look at Reuters and AP, news wire services, bias tries to be minimal. Look at some local news stations that allow *fucking car lots* to buy ads that are covered as news stories. Televised news is usually worse than print news, but print news can range widely in bias. My local news paper wasn't too bad during the election, hell, they refused to endorse anyone. That, however, isn't my point. My point is that bias exist everyone, in different extremities. Recognizing bias, calling out the extreme scenarios of it, is good. Going to extremes and denouncing all forms of news media, or putting the word experts in quotations to attempt to devalue a lot of people who actually are seasoned and their fields and aren't as biased as implied, is bad. 
@_date: 2017-01-01 07:31:46
You're.. eh.. 'media', really? Data scientist were blown away by Trump's win. Even Trump's data scientist didn't predict this outcome (they thought he had a reasonable chance of victory, tho).
Not 'media' or 'data', but real - substantiated polling.
Also, Wikileaks is as manipulative, if not more, than 'media'. Nothing against Wikileaks, actually. They just, per themselves, maximize the amount of political impact a leak will have. That's not impartial or unbiased. 