@_author: thewritercorey
@_date: 2018-01-08 05:43:56
Ia 100%, tho you're way more idealistic than I am. I bought last year because I was curious what the applications could be. I saw it as untethered to the troubling fluctuations of gov't-controlled currency, trade and tax issues.
Still holding, and still think BTC has value as an asset and ETH/Alts have potential value as transactional currency. The involvement of gov'ts may enhance global transactions, but at the expense of decentralization. Most of what I see now is trading and arbitrage by small and large players for profit, benefiting those with access to tech and capital. 
I think we'll end up with blockchain apps and crypto that work well, albeit in a highly regulated way. I also think we'll always have an underground, untraceable form circulating. What we may not have (at least in my lifetime) is a truly decentralized currency that is accepted as legit. The application isn't going away. 
@_date: 2018-04-19 03:25:38
Are you investing or trading? It's high risk, but you accept this. 
Only tip I can offer for investing: I purchased btc in sets of increments that were similar (a few .5, some .25, etc. as the price went up) When I decided to sell a little last fall, selling in those increments made both tracking and taxes easier.
If you have Fidelity they can link to show your CB holdings. 
I'm not buying, but I'm holding what I have long. I also own a little Eth and LTC, plus BCH that was given out after the fork. I'm not that interested in alts, but waiting to see what kinds of funds emerge. 
@_date: 2018-04-15 02:08:01
I'd like to thank Dennis, Josh, and David for being so willing to answer questions! 
I don't trade, and only used one exchange (CB) for my purchases and sales. I purchased with USD deposited and available, and sales were at later dates as I was just holding (post "settlement"). When I made a few small sales of BTC and ETH at the highs, I sold in increments that matched my highest purchase increments, because I  wanted to make Spec ID reporting easier. (bought .06, sold .06, etc.) There's no guidance on HIFO, but spec id is a popular choice for reporting.  Is anyone else using HIFO this way? I'm very experienced with stock gain reporting, where I always use tax efficient options for selling. I can't see paying 2x the amount when IRS hasn't even issued clear guidance on this. 