@_author: thewisegrasshopper
@_date: 2018-06-18 08:12:59
Actually the ROI on well built rigs is slightly under a year at the moment. And with the bear cycle slowly coming to a close, sooner or later the prices of foundational alts will test their respective ATHs again. Point being that the ROI time will be driven down by rising coin prices:
One must also take into account the possibility of utility coins themselves collapsing and resulting in a transfer to a usage fee only model, paid for in a non-native token. (This is to say that the services will still be running, but there will be no need for individual tokens for each of those services.)
@_date: 2018-06-18 07:10:28
Personally, assuming it is still around, I think it will top out around $300K in the long term around 50yrs from now. Although it is worth noting that a lot can happen in half a century, most notably perhaps are inflation and increased monetary velocity (which would lead to further inflation). So it is more than likely that the purchasing power of $300K will be more equatable to that of $150K today, which would put the relative market cap around $2.5T in todays terms, up roughly 23 fold from where it currently lies. Notably this also assumes that there will be no more major hacks or lost private keys, and that the private keys that were lost will remain unrecoverable (so regardless of future advances in computing, we will not be able to regenerate those keys).
A market cap of $2.5T would imply that it is 30% of the **current** gold market. It would also imply that something else has overtaken it to become the digital gold equivalent... my guess would be either a tokenization of gold itself or a government issued currency (yes, I know this would not be decentralized and likely would not even be a blockchain). Regardless, the tokenization of real world assets and the ability to instantly trade them in a legally binding and trustless environment will prove to revolutionize the way we do business today (and likely put many lawyers out of business as their middleman management will no longer be necessary).  
@_date: 2018-06-18 06:14:14
I trust you somehow studied finance either at school or through books or somehow to be able to remove yourself from the emotion and be able to see predictable patterns you could trade on? Do you have any specific recommendations resources you yourself have found useful? 
Separately, I am trying to get into mining (like I am sure a lot of people are right now), as a student with a budget around $1-2K, what kind of a setup would you recommend?