@_author: theycallmefrodo
@_date: 2017-11-30 21:11:02
Moving BTC from Coinbase to a hardware wallet is just like any other transaction. You need to find the wallet address of your destination and send your coins to that address. If you've never seen a wallet address before, it will be a 34-character alpha-numeric code that is associated with every bitcoin storage location. It can be a little daunting to send your coins to a different address the first time, but as long as you're aware of a few things there should be no issues.
First, if you don't already have one you'll need to get a wallet to store your bitcoin in off of the exchange. With a little searching, I found [this]( to be a pretty good explanation of wallets and the benefits of each different type. As a sidenote, hardware wallets (such as the Ledger and Trezor wallets) do take time to ship as they are currently being manufactured in smaller batches. Do not purchase these wallets from anywhere except the official websites for reasons related to security.
Once you have your wallet set-up and have the address, copy and paste that address into the destination address in Coinbase. As a double check, I prefer to double check that the address that I copy-pasted matches the address of my wallet. I do this for two reasons. One, I am a little paranoid that some freak memory accident will send my coins into someone else's wallet or into the abyss (there are numerous discussions and posts on this site that say that the chances of this happening are close enough to zero for it not to matter, but I still do it anyway. [Here is one for example]( The other is that there are rumors of software similar to keyloggers that have the capability to detect when you are copy-pasting a wallet address and substitute that address for their own. Again, the chances of this are slim unless you tend to download less reputable things off the internet.
Next, you should be aware that there will be a small fee taken out of your transfer that is taken by the network to complete your transaction. For simplicity's sake (and because I am not knowledgeable enough in this topic to be giving advice to others), I will leave this at that. There are plenty of posts here and elsewhere that can provide more information if you're interested.
Once you've set up your wallet and verified your address, you're all set to press send to complete the transfer. The transfer is not instantaneous, and my experience has been that my transfers take anywhere from 10-30 minutes. One of the main factors in the transfer time is network load, and given the increase in activity over the past few weeks it might take longer. Just relax, your transfer is on the way.
Good luck and don't worry about being new.