@_author: thezyzzybalubah
@_date: 2015-11-02 21:28:07


Factually impossible as nation states are funded by armed robbery. Taxation is the threat of physical violence against peaceful people, up to and including chaining, kidnapping, caging or death if you resist, all to extract payment into the hands of a ruling class. This is the very meaning of corruption itself.
    cor·rup·tion
    1. dishonest or fraudulent conduct by those in power
There is not a soul on earth who could morally argue the legitimacy or honesty of armed robbery as a means of funding endeavors or threatening violence to obtain power over another human being.
Furthermore the idea that you are receiving "good quality public services" can only be relative to other governments. A monopoly is universally the worst possible way to receive any form of service, whether it be safety, security, water, electricity, restitution, or justice. Even the Mafia donates to charities and keeps up a public image, but theft is loss, and the harm will always outweigh the "good" or service. Governments exist for thieves to leech off of the backs of the productive. Coercion is a universally destructive, anti-social, unproductive, and uncivilized behavior.


I am so sorry to hear that. This is like someone telling you that they do believe that a persian prince is stuck in egypt and needs your help to buy a plane ticket and will award you greatly upon his return. I do not mean this to be condescending, but regulations are simply the threat of violence. Belief in the idea that kings (parasite/destroyer class) can "regulate" the producer class with threats of overwhelming violence, and achieve anything other than disruption, MONOPOLY, protectionism, loss, and harm is to ignore the effects of ALL government regulation throughout all of human history which has contributed to nothing but economic ruin. Exploitation is only possible under conditions of violence. When people have choices of where to place their money, the producer will always serve the consumer. All of modern business regulation and intervention has served to establish megalithic corporate monopolies. This is an old practice that dates back far, known as "protectionism".


This is a misinformed opinion based on the religion of State. It is specifically Statism that removes consequence. When kings, cops, judges, oligarchs and bureaucrats can simply steal their way to profit and threaten force if you resist them, they can spend, kill, rape, pillage, terrorize, take, rob, steal, extort, invade, torture, and exploit without thought of consequence, without fear of reprisal or any kind of justice against them. They are secure in knowing that the protection of a uniform, black dress, corporate legal immunity, and the fact that the money is not their own and the loss is passed onto the hostage population. This is the most uncivilized form of social organization imaginable, where a predatory class has enslaved the population that is at their mercy and immune from the consequences of their crimes against humanity.
Notice in America, it is where they govern most, the Cities (where government LIVES), that represents the worst of human civilization. The most economic ruin, rape, murder, crime, violence, theft, homelessness, joblessness, poverty, disease, moral decay, etc. This is the chaos that kings breed.
Statism is simply the belief in the moral legitimacy or efficiency of human slavery. Historically the nation state was born from slavery itself and kings were considered to have divine providence to rule man with legions of violent enforcers. Can you imagine a scenario where you would be incorruptible despite having legions of enforcers at your disposal to turn your commands and scribble into acts of violence?
Research: Voluntaryism
Pointing guns and threatening violence to solve complex social problems is the antithesis of a civilized society. Just imagine if you attempted to bring this philosophy into your daily life, the natural consequences would ruin you and you would be considered an antisocial criminal, yet somehow kingship and costumes change this? Nope.
Do you own yourself? When someone can threaten overwhelming violence to extract your honest living, seize your possessions, or cage you like some wild beast, what's to stop them from having you pick the cotton?
Voting is the assumption that you own your neighbors and can force a slave master over their life. While you vote with a ballot, the parasites of the world vote with our dollar.