@_author: thickconfidence
@_date: 2018-12-23 12:39:50


While some investors may be attracted by the massive rises this year, others will be wary of the volatility. In mid-January one bitcoin was valued at $800. By June this had gone to $3,000. One month later, it was at less than $2,000 and then almost $5,000 by the start of September. Two weeks later, it was at $3,200.
It should not be even considered as a gamble or as an investment. Investment means "with the intention of making money". This isn't how bitcoin works and isn't healthy for bitcoin. buying and holding isn't going to benefit the industry, actually might even hurt it... Please dont look at it like this.
You can make money on bitcoin by gambling on platforms that support it. One of the few i'd like to recommend would be [this]( one
@_date: 2018-12-27 16:40:46
I'd say its not the price that should be our goal. It's the level of overall adoption of the currency by the masses.It takes much less time because no queue and the transaction itself is just instant. I feel like im in the future now :D
I check out at supermarket, gas station and also make deposit on vegascasino. Luckily vegascasino has some really good deposit reward offers to lighten up your evenings! I spend hours by blackjack and poker tables. These things made this Christmas the best Christmas I've had! Thanks to Bitcoin I have food, my car is fueled, and my casino game's been going pretty well! No matter what the price will be, we will all be winners here as the outcome....
@_date: 2018-12-28 17:23:23
Has anyone seriously thought that its  dying ?Bitcoin is THE COIN that's spreading cryptocurrency technology all over the world. Eventually the price spikes will even out as soon as people figure out that we should support bitcoin for its technological advantages and not for the chance of making money. Right now its mostly Bitcoin that is accepted everywhere, even casinos (I mean the ones that are actually good and not just moneygrabbing services who dont care about you) this year adopted the coin and have been showing really good potential.
I dont think it will replace the fiat as many people say, but it will take away quite a bit off fiat and make many things in life much easier. For me as a gambling fan, using the advantages of what btc does over at vegascasino.io makes desosits and withdrawals instant! I also love how many games they have, I never get bored! They have those juicy rewards and bonuses and everything. Would love to see something else to get bitcoin support, we still have a way  to go  but we are doing it arent we? :)
@_date: 2018-12-28 17:17:38
There's already been pretty good suggestions but i'd like to give my 0.02mBTC in here.
I use bitcoin for gambling.. I am a fan of technology and I like the idea behind Cryptocurrency, so I do have a lot of it saved up and I try to use it everywhere I go - stores, cafes, gas stations, et cetera. But mostly for gambling. The thing is that you dont really look at it as money. I mean, initially you do, but it's easier to learn not to.. And after you have learned that, it's much easier to have full control over yourself and not tilt whatever happens, good or bet.
For me gambling is just normal things . Don't need to overthink stuff . If I win the bet, Good. If not , I try again but i always check the background FIRST of the online casino where i can deposit , get withdraw just to be safe plus variety of game like blackjack,roulette , table games , video slot , jackpot &amp; etc keep me eager for next bet
Also I always get best value or bonus for my BTC that i deposit so it worth my time . For example only When I discovered Vegascasino.io is doing a promotion for new player (Especially now with Christmas! Free spins and everything) where minimum deposit of 1mBTC is required where the player must select the deposit page to successfully activate the deposit bonus, or enter a bonus code. I quickly sign up to earn the reward bonus . That makes me happier ^_^. I like their range of games and the fact that withdrawals are very fast too. Customer support service is very responsive and always urging to help you out. All in all just great experience.
But at same time I believe in responsible gambling and in moderation. So do bear that in mind.