@_author: thinkofanamefast
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:51:40
Interesting, but in my quick read before heading to dog park, it seems to only talk about Puerto Rico sourced income. If these guys move to Puerto Rico with unrealized capital gains (ie their crypto paper profits were made before moving) then those profits are taxable- or I should say the above program doesn't apply to those profits.. Although if one is confident that crypto will continue rising, it makes sense, and they would indeed avoid taxes on future gains...again based on quick read.
@_date: 2018-02-04 11:35:39
So the NYT published article linked above, describing these crypto guys moving to PR to create a Utopia of some sort, and implying it's really to avoid all taxes on their gains. But a reader comment says the following:
 "From article: "Puerto Rico offers an unparalleled tax incentive: no federal personal income taxes, no capital gains tax and favorable business taxes — all without having to renounce your American citizenship."
"This is not correct. American citizens who are bona fide residents of Puerto Rico must file and pay taxes on U.S. source income and income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business in the United States. The capital gains rate for Act 22 participants (the capital gains incentive) is 10% for assets acquired prior to moving to Puerto Rico, and for the most part such assets are taxed in the United States as well.
The personal income tax incentive (Act 20) is a 4% rate on specified services provided in Puerto Rico. Again, most taxpayers pay a blended rate because the income is taxed in both Puerto Rico and the United States. I do not understand why a paper like the NYT could not have interviewed the plethora of tax attorneys/accountants who have expertise in this area to state the law correctly."
So somebody is making a big mistake...either the rich guys looking to avoid all taxes, or the reporter, or the guy commenting, in which case I apologize for bothering to post this. I wrote to the editor and we will see if correction posted.
EDIT based on link in comment below, perhaps it does make sense if one is confident in crypo's future, in that their future gains while living in PR will be tax free.
@_date: 2018-02-04 13:03:22
One of replies above linked an article on the tax program. Essentially it says that their future gains, while they live in PR, will be tax free, but I assume their current/existing gains, pre moving to PR, will be taxable. So there is some incentive to move there if you think cryptos will continue to rise, but seems like the article is still wrong in that reporter never mentions their current gains, sitting in their wallets or whatever accounts, are taxable.
@_date: 2017-07-19 21:18:03
In that link you provided of a transaction, could you tell me what "837 confirmations" means? Thought it might have to do with number of transactions in the block, but doesn't match. Thanks.