@_author: thinkb4uact
@_date: 2016-08-13 03:27:40
All government monetary transfer should be publicly verifiable. This ensures accountability for our money we are forced to give them. A system like Bitcoin could be used to do this. It could be mandated that all addresses be linked to the proper departments and/or individuals. Then no money would ever exchange hands within the government without the public being able to see where it came from and where it is going. 
As always the enemy of transparency is *our fear* of enemies. The government will sell us that secrecy is required for spying and black projects. We will buy it out of *our fear* of foreign enemies and in doing so allow operating space for domestic ones, which we don't fear enough. Google the history of the CIA. They have acted as the covert arm of American big business elites since the beginning. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:21:06
Thee users still give it its value, regardless if they are forced to use it or not. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:27:23
Bah, it's backed by human faith just like all currencies. Watch what happens when that faith evaporates. That is the key metric. The value of all currencies is derived from the acceptance of them in exchange for goods and services by their users. Vendors when gold or other things back them, still it is the acceptance by human beings that gives it the actual value. So, the argument that Bitcoin or the USD does not have intrinsic value is true. Any form of money, no matter how stupid, derives its value from humanity. This is also makes those who rob the currency thieves on humanity. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 01:26:01
Didn't the constitution give congress the authority to coin our money?
Congress was hacked, the coin hijacked, but it is still trusted. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:22:28
Nuance is the enemy of my point of view. 
@_date: 2018-01-17 03:14:59
Wow. 
The US government does not make its own money, the Federal Reserve Bank, owned by private banks, does that. They pull the money out of nothing, we exchange treasury bonds to get it. They sell the bonds. We pay them back with interest. Think of the USD as something like KimDotCoin or some other *questionable* entity. 
Doesn't this sound like a shitty deal? 
Why do we accept it? Money controls congress. Old money sets up this parasitism. They are familiar with extracting value from humanity using math as black magic. We aren't as intelligent or emotionally strong as we prefer to believe. Most fail in one of those two required attributes to willfully perceive this scam. It's more the emotional fortitude than the intelligence. 
@_date: 2018-01-16 23:17:14
It's amazing how much we care about how altcoins are earned. We don't want the creators to give themselves free value from the money creation process. Yet, when it comes to fiat, crickets. Do you really think with fiat creating money works so differently? The private banks are just like counterfeiters. They rob us of value right in front of us and we say thank for the loan. 
@_date: 2019-07-27 14:56:07
Money masters make the laws.
@_date: 2017-12-19 20:14:55
How does this apply when you use the bitcoin like a currency? It seems so unreasonable to treat it differently than cash? Do I have to record everything I do and report it to uncle Sam for double taxation? Unlike cash? WTF? 
The value of bitcoin as a transfer medium is evaporating; high fees, long waits, and now may as well use cash because it is more convenient for taxation too? 
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:26:36
The value of money comes exclusively from those that accept it for their time and effort, humanity. They own your essence. They control your internal revenue. Their jurisdiction is your being. You are to be their slave, their property. Even animals know, property rights extend from the violence used to back the claims. Legitimacy only matters if other people care and do so something about it. 
They also cannot cite any law that authorizes them to even collect income tax. It's all even more evident when they just make their own rules aka code. Congress? They are part of the corruption that came in 1913 to harness humanity for the benefit of spiritual parasites, those that feed on the time and energy of other life forms for sustainance. 
Of course we need taxes to fund government, but this insidious organization and the way we collect taxes generally is not what we think it is. We are infested by gifted manipulative beings that don't have guilt or shame for harming others, they have fear of getting busted and perverse satisfaction for their successes. Their life path is not respecting others, but manipulating others to serve the self. 
They are accustomed to to parasitic value exchange relationships and feel entitled to them. They are the same parasites many of us think we are fighting by using bitcoin. They want your soul, or rather perpetual, disproportionate access to your time and effort, overcoming the obstacle of your free will refusal with deception and/or coercion. Most of us will deny this truth and defend them to avoid the undeniably unpleasant emotions that come from accepting this truth. Know that the emotions you feel are to motive you to do what you belive is right. We should stop these aspiring goa'uld for our best interests and those of our progeny,if we truly care about them. 
Frankly, I want to pay taxes, I just want them to be reasonable considering the dynamics of what they are taxing and that the taxes fund the goods and services our elected representatives want them to go toward. Yet, we allow private banks to make our money and even run the tax collection service to collect on the interest. They make the money out of nothing FFS. They are parasites and they know it. They hope we never choose to think about it and figure it out. They have a lot of us pulling for them. Like any disease, their fear is being identified, targeted and eliminated by the immune system response of their hosts. 
@_date: 2018-09-28 01:49:17
The masters are the humans who buy the government. 
@_date: 2018-08-04 17:30:30
Make sure to keep impeccable records of your coffee consumption for the IRS. Know how much you paid for your money and tell them how much it increased in value when you bought your coffee. The IRS arbitrarily decided it is entitled to a chunk of those gains. So, don't forget to keep a vast record of every small transaction you make with this special money with different rules. 
This is by no means a way to inhibit usage of the currency as a currency. It's a reasonable requirement to make sure we pay our fair share of taxes. /s
@_date: 2018-08-01 02:44:25
Unscrupulous people think might makes right. 
@_date: 2018-08-02 00:10:49
You really should diversify at some point though. If bitcoin crashes too badly, you're going to rip out your hair. 
@_date: 2014-01-22 01:30:40
People would loan what they have rather than creating units out of nothing backed by nothing other than the willingness of others to continue to take on new debt. It's the way banking worked when it was first done, when making more gold certificates than one had gold was a crime rather than a century old system defended by the ignorant. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 23:11:42
That may encrypt my wallet key, but it doesn't stop my carrier from recording my unencrypted transaction packets and linking my public Bitcoin address to my IP address. It would be nice if Mycelium encorpoated a VPN tunnel or TOR so that the surveillance could be prevented.
@_date: 2018-05-12 02:46:46
Money is a means of exchange. Ideally it doesn't spoil and it can be exchanged for virtually all good and services. However, many other things are often used as a means of exchange that can spoil and/or cannot be used to trade for everything. Favors, purchased products, food, basically anything that has value to those who you are trading with can be used like money. 
We play games of semantics over the details and it fools us. If you really want to know what the value of money is, it is us. We embue it with goods and services purchasing potential. When we all refuse a currency it is worthless. If some of us do, it has limited value for those instances when we would accept it. When all of us accept a currency or our goods and services, we value the currency much more knowing that.
So, money can be anything. Often times proficient thieves wish to confuse us as to where the value of money comes from and how that money can be created and distributed. They wish to scam us in order to obtain easy access to our goods and services, time and effort. It's just the same as other forms of vitality siphoning parasitism, except it requires our consent through deception. They make us think money is magic, but the wool they pull over our eyes is dark magic that works to siphon our value to themselves. It's so bad that we are programmed into being triggered when it is brought up.
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:21:09
If you could create currency out of thin air, you wouldn't want to support an alternative currency that makes the practice impossible. 
@_date: 2014-06-04 01:44:15
Instead of no government we would get groups of armed thugs asserting themselves as authority and demanding compliance like the Taliban. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 23:53:27
I don't care about the price when I think about the future of Bitcoin. I care about the robustness of the code and it's capability to supplant other currencies globally. I am not sure it can do that, yet. The price is determined by how much BTC people buy. It goes up and down with the confidence of those who buy it. Their confidence comes from what they hear in the media. The price only tells me how much confidence there is, not anything about how robust the tech is. 
@_date: 2014-02-14 03:23:17
A large drop in the price of Bitcoin constantly over the last week? 
@_date: 2014-10-15 08:47:27
The authorities keep us safe, like mommy and daddy.  If they tell us it's ok, it's ok.  If they tell us it's illegal, then it's wrong and should be punished.  This is our unspoken agreement with governmental authority.  Corruption (selfishness) undermines that agreement as it makes us question their integrity, yet the agreement actually exists, although less apparent, during periods of good governance.  We submit ourselves to rule, because we believe we are too irresponsible to wield sovereignty ourselves, yet as we do so, the government to which we yield our responsibility is seen as a useful tool for the selfish among us to get what they want out of us.  
We are punished for giving our power away to authority by the very things that we thought we were fixing by giving that authority away, selfish behaviors.  Thanks to the Internet, we can see that often times, we are just being scared into giving up our sovereignty/freedom due to false or exaggerated, constructed fears propagated by those selfish people that seek to gain something by our acquiescence to their claimed authority.  Let us monitor your communications.  Let us decide what can be banned.  Let us govern the Internet.  We will keep you safe from cyber-terrorism.  We will keep you safe from cyber-bullying.  We will keep the children safe.  It's all just a sham, a replacement for our personal responsibility with an illusory comfort blanket that is more of a straight jacket in disguise.  We know this only because we have seen an Internet without rules, without authority to effectively enforce them.  Imagine how much less of an Internet we'd have if we let authorities govern it early on.  It's clearly better to do the minimum, maintaining the integrity of IP routing and DNS systems and not micromanaging behaviors on the Internet.
Licensing Bitcoin is a similar situation.  Why do we need the permission of authority to make economic exchange between each other freely?  We are scared of boogeymen.  Oh no, the big bad drug dealers are going to launder money without being caught by the $10,000+ mandatory reporting rule they continuously work around.  So, we need to arrest, fine and imprison people for selling Bitcoin in a free economic exchange.  Yet, when banks are caught laundering hundreds of millions of dollars for exact same criminal element, the authorities determine that nobody needs to go to prison.  People could be scammed by dishonest merchants and money changers.  *Gasp*, let's make licenses for them to operate and it will fix everything.  Yet, at the end of the charade, we end up with less freedom and no actual solution to the problems cited as reasons to cede our control to authority.  Seeking license *is* asking for permission from a controller, nothing more, even if it is done with good intentions by the one asking for the license and by the authority granting it.  We never seem to learn that *WE* are the real power in this world, even as we give it away to be wielded as one larger unit by authority.  We can either accept the risks and rewards of freedom or we can accept the walled garden of limited possibilities granted by authority, but the choice is really ours.  Whichever way we choose, we will seek to justify our choice.
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:16:39
Bitcoin is a system.  The price of Bitcoin says nothing about this system.  The price did not go down as a result of a fault with the Bitcoin network.  No, it goes down when humans perceive that it is a good time to sell their Bitcoin for other currencies.  Bitcoin is a currency, but then again, many other things can be a currency.  Have you ever paid someone for goods or services with goods of your own?  Those goods were like currency.  If many people use the same goods to do it, then it is easier to *see* them as currency.  
Bitcoin is also a currency, but the Bitcoin network offers utility beyond previous forms of currency, cheap, instant, global money transfers with great difficultly for those that want to destroy it or restrict access.  Even if Bitcoin went to $1, I'd still call it a currency.  Let's focus on cause and effect and not semantics.  Bitcoin went down only because the confidence of some humans in Bitcoin went down.  That is all, it says nothing about the integrity of the Bitcoin network whatsoever.  All it means is that if you want to get some Bitcoin, now is a better time to buy than a week ago, because it's cheaper.
When there is only a $10B market capitalization, I expect wild fluctuations every time the media sneezes a significant story at us.  The dollar has a much much much greater capitalization, but it too can crash like Bitcoin for exactly the same reasons.  When humans decide that it is a good time to sell their dollars for other currencies, the dollar will lose value.  The price is just a measure of confidence, not a valid sign of viability.  Perhaps Bitcoin will go much higher if the world focuses on the fact that the dollar is dishonestly created.  It isn't rewarded to miners for securing a network, it's rewarded to bankers for making loans that get paid back.  It benefits the locations where the money is injected and diminishes the purchasing power for everyone over time.  That people trust experts over their own understanding keeps this scheme in place and the US consuming ~25% of the world's resources and exporting less than it imports, virtually forever.  Virtually, because the game ends when people drop the currency.  Then we'll have to make goods or services in proportion to those that we import.
Until a story comes out about a serious flaw in the integrity of the Bitcoin network, the price will mean diddly squat to me as a measure of the viability of Bitcoin.  This latest decline is likely due to Mt.Gox not paying its customers.  Achoo!
@_date: 2014-10-05 00:43:37
Today I learned that one either always tells the truth or one always lies.
@_date: 2014-10-05 00:57:33
Nobody should invest 100% of their money into any currency or commodity. If it goes belly up, you lose big time. This also includes US dollars. 
@_date: 2014-03-19 00:23:57
It's fascinating that people know so little about the artificial commodity that most significantly governs their time, effort, and personal prosperity in life. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 21:53:34
In truth we are the actual value of money. Money has value because we believe we can give it to someone else and get them to give us something or do something for us. Without that bestowal of human effort for money, money wouldn't have any value. 
When we accept the arrangement that some can create money without offering any other value, we are actually permitting them to steal tiny amounts of value from everyone that uses the money to aggregate it for themselves. It's a clever form of enslaving others and most people only seem to detect it in the case of counterfeiters. 
If the banks only create money when other entities take on new debt, we can apparently be fooled. Banks create the money, buy the title to the property, and then sell that property to the loan recipient over time. After the loan is paid back, banks not only have the money they created when the initial debt was created, but they also have interest money extracted from the rest of the economy by the toil of the debtor. 
By only creating money in this way they ensure that the human race as a whole is always in their debt, toiling to produce goods and services that the bank owners can buy with the money they created and laundered through us. Ingenious, especially because it's still going on in the modern age with technology like the Internet. We just don't want to believe it's true, because believing it makes us feel uncomfortable in a way that compels us to correct the injustice. We will feed the bank owners our value until we acknowledge and replace this inequitable system. 
@_date: 2014-05-13 01:56:45
The monetary system is perpetuated by those that wilfully chose to be ignorant by refusing to examine, understand and consider replacements to the current monetary system. It *is* a scam and it will inevitably fail when people are no longer confident enough to take out more new loans each year due to insufficient cheap resources to convert into land filler. 
@_date: 2014-02-09 03:22:20
Many more believe their worth is the value of their dollars x number of their dollars.  How much different is it?
@_date: 2014-04-02 19:27:48
Deflationary currency would promote frugality.  People won't go hungry or suffer if they have the money to buy what they need to stop that, obviously.  We're just stuck in the infinite growth fiat paradigm, because the ponzi scheme of fiat currency creation demands infinite growth or the economy would collapse.  It's not going to last forever, but that doesn't stop collective insanity.  Gold can't be compared to deflationary Bitcoin without acknowledging that gold can't buy you a candy bar, while Bitcoin can.
@_date: 2014-05-25 02:23:13
When you trust an authority for information, you don't have knowledge, you have faith. 
@_date: 2014-01-28 23:21:54
As if breaking a stupid law is worse than arbitrarily limiting people's free will choices to maintain power. 
@_date: 2014-05-22 21:43:44
Yeah, so say those that vote Republican to ban abortion and gay people from being married. 
@_date: 2014-06-03 20:49:31
The people corrupting government want us to have that hatred. It deters us from attempting to use *our* government to manifest *our* will. 
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:47:31
Perhaps, the powers that be want a legal foot in the door so they can use this to attack people that inconvenience them in the future. They like using what people deem morally questionable as initial targets to elicit the consent of the populace for bad policies. Consent can simply be to hear about the bad behavior and do nothing to stop it. It sets precedent too. 
@_date: 2014-05-02 01:56:23
All currencies are actually backed by people. If you take your gold to a land where the inhabitants don't value gold and don't accept it for trade, your gold has no value as money there. It's the same with dollars, pesos, rubles, sea shells, tally sticks, Bitcoin or anything else. Money has value, because other human beings will accept it as payment for goods or services. That value is *all* based on perception. 
If tomorrow people lost their confidence in the dollar, due to a mass awakening to the process of its creation and the unjust value distribution that results from it, then the dollar would lose its value. 
Some might say, why not make something arbitrarily into money then? You could, *if* you could persuade others to perceive that it has value. Then they'd accept it for goods and services. People will still even use money that can be infinitely fabricated, unless the perception of the process causes them to lose confidence in the money as a store of value. 
Scarcity, fungibility, being difficult to counterfeit and other attributes of money increase the value of money, simply due to the perception of greater utility of that money as a means of exchange and a store of value.
No matter what the details are about whatever money we are talking about, the rubber meets the road at human perception. That's when the value of the money shifts, whatever the cause of the change in perception.
@_date: 2014-05-06 01:48:47
It depends on the contents of their stock portfolios. When one is invested in defense contractors, death and suffering is personally profitable. Some of these men work behind the scenes to help create our war adventures too, just because of self-interest. 
@_date: 2014-02-13 01:18:57
The price of the litigation itself can be an effective deterrent against certain behaviors even without a law to back up the litigation.
@_date: 2014-05-01 23:57:24
In a country with a functional justice system, it would be seen as important to severely punish this thief. 
@_date: 2014-04-22 23:46:33
One thing I've observed while learning about Bitcoin is that respected experts will and often do talk out of their ignorance. They don't deserve credibility just because of title or degree, but by demonstrating a discipline of belief on the topic of their expertise. It's ironic how many people trust experts they don't know just  because others around them told them they were trustworthy. We have to inform ourselves to guard against the wilful ignorance of the ~~experts~~ revered repeaters of the orthodoxy. 
@_date: 2014-07-05 06:03:36
The US government doesn't actually make the US dollar.  The privately owned "Federal Reserve" accepts treasury bonds in exchange for Federal Reserve notes.  The government does get to conjure up money this way, but it owes that money and interest to whoever redeems the treasury bonds.  The Federal Reserve sells the treasury bonds they buy with their infinite funny money on the open market.  We pay the debt back with our taxes.  It's a debt enslavement system run by private businesses, NOT government.  They fool us by obfuscating the obvious.  Just follow the exchange of value through the confounding maze of jargon and you can see the scam.  We can never all get out of debt together, because new money is created with the principal, but the interest required to fully pay the debt is only created with future debt.  Credit money is the answer to this debt money scam, either through fiat, cryptocurrency or tangible assets.  Then it is mathematically possible for the entire human race to get out of debt together.
@_date: 2014-05-01 21:58:24
The concept of a slut is a symptom of mental disease largely manifested by religious thinking. 
Religions sell us that the behaviors that bring us happiness are evil and we need to bow before their overlords and ask them for orders to atone for them. Religion is about control and making people feel guilty about the feelings they've been given, by a creator or by evolution, in order to compel them to submit to selfish, controlling parasitic men that lie about reality. Faith is just the submission of will to the written or spoken words of others. We don't need a god to set us free, we have to free ourselves from all of the parasites that sell us they are our gods. They'll never be your gods, but with your faith they can become your masters. 
@_date: 2014-02-12 23:13:38
I'd love to do this, but how do we avoid municipal soldiers stealing our money and our freedom from us? How do we find out which laws a particular state has against the freedom to exchange economic energy in private? How hard is it to get their permission (license) to exchange our own economic energy to avoid them sending out their thugs to steal from us? 
@_date: 2014-07-05 06:30:05
How can the US government be said to create currency when they have to sell the Federal Reserve US Treasury bonds to get dollars?  We the people have to pay back the principal and interest and the Federal Reserve got treasury bonds for free.  (They of course sell the Treasury bonds to others.)  The Federal Reserve didn't have to borrow from anyone to make Federal Reserve notes, but our government had to sell IOUs to get the Federal Reserve notes.  If the US government actually made it's own money, we'd pay less in taxes.  Who would we owe a national debt?  We are suckers.
@_date: 2014-06-03 23:36:39
What alternative to government do you think is superior?
@_date: 2014-04-20 19:45:26
Bitcoin is just an artificial commodity that can be exchanged for goods and services and held as a store of value.  That's not what a currency is!
@_date: 2014-02-13 20:24:16
How can they know who has the gold if they want to steal it from us again?
@_date: 2014-01-02 22:58:15
The corruption of government would be so much easier to understand if people would just examine the monetary system. In the case of US and some other governments, money is created by private entities with the value from money creation going to where they desire, themselves directly or indirectly via proxies of ownership. 
The US Treasury exchanges treasury bonds, promises to pay back specific amounts with interest in the future, for "Federal Reserve" credit/notes. The Fed just creates the bank credit by changing numbers in accounts ledgers. They don't need to back the money with reserves of gold as they had to in the past. Faith, or collective ignorance, has replaced gold. The Fed gets promises to be paid back by the US taxpayer with interest for their bank credit and they sell those bonds on the open market. The Fed also loans at low interest to the banks that own it, then those banks loan that infinitely creatable fiat money to governments, companies and individuals at higher interest. Essentially, the banks create and allocate that which we all toil to obtain.
Money is the most comodifiable power imaginable. It is the power to get humans to do things for you and give you things, to bend their morality and to become minions for corruption. It's impossible to keep money out of politics and it's impossible to maintain government for the people if there is too much inequality. It's not possible to maintain our economic and political sovereignty if we allow private entities to create our money and consolidate the assets of the world under their ownership.
@_date: 2016-03-11 00:51:44
The prices of goods and services would rise if the money was being spent on them. If the money is spent on stocks, bonds and other financial securities, would we even see the inflation? Still, there is a transfer of value. 
@_date: 2014-07-07 20:56:14
Counterfeiters and banks don't like Bitcoin for the same reason, they can't make the money and obtain free economic value off of the blood sweat and tears of their fellow human beings. Shed a tear or two psychopaths, your black hearts only beat for your own gain and loss anyway. 
@_date: 2016-03-10 22:57:59
Cheap money for the banks. Woot! It's a good thing they're not privately owned institutions that get the value that other people lose through inflation. 
@_date: 2017-03-06 03:07:23
It's hard to justify this high of a fee to those who don't understand bitcoin. I mean, how much should it really cost for few kb of space? 
@_date: 2016-01-02 03:50:34
I just got the gtx 980 this year. I will wait for something significantly better.
Please, do inform me of this marketing campaign. 
@_date: 2016-01-03 02:02:18
Well, if one plays 3D games, they are correct.  So many people pay big money for a PC with a good processor and a crappy 3D card.  When building PCs, we can get away with a 200-300 intel processor and plop in a 300-600 video card and get much better performance for similar prices.  This has been going on for a long time.  PC manufacturers skimp on the 3D card, except a few like Alienware.  They screw the ignorant customer that does not know the GPU they are getting is of poor value, poor performance.
If Nvidia really wanted to get that going, they should strongly push CUDA for various apps.  Highlight video editing software, video conversion software and perhaps other forms of parallelized acceleration, to encourage manufacturers and users to get a beefier video card.  There are a few offerings, but there aught to be more.  If they could somehow get CUDA to run code that an intel processor could run, with 1000 or so cores, they would have something truly amazing.  People could use it with various programs that support multi-threaded delegation of portions of the tasks.  Things like very high compression could run on the fly with ease.
Thanks for the link BTW. 
@_date: 2017-03-17 00:49:51
The more centralized government becomes, the more separate it can operate from the will of the people it governs and the more easily it can become corrupted. It does good and bad and the issue is more of the structure itself than the present day results. We shouldn't be replacing more localized rule with centralized rule or we will regret it later, maybe decades down the road. We won't be able to reign it in as well as we could corrupted local governments. We also won't have as many test beds allowing deviation from orthodox policies. That deviation can show us new, better ways. 
@_date: 2016-01-02 03:39:52
I have had an Intel i7 2600k (Sandy Bridge) processor since 2011. I have the upgrade bug making me itch to waste my money to gain more performance, yet when one looks at reviews of the new i7 Skylake processors compared to the old Sandy Bridge processors in tests of games at 2560x1440 resolution, there is a very tiny difference in performance. Greater, albeit still small, performance gains are seen at 1080p and in general applications. 
It's not worth upgrading almost 5 years after buying my 2600k. I have been building PCs every few years since the late 90s/early 2000s.  This is definitely unusual and disappointing for a upgrade addict like me. This 2600k has seen 3 video cards, which still improve over time significantly, the 560 ti, the 660 ti, and the gtx 980. I know I should be happy about it, but I would rather see faster CPUs out there than to pat myself on the back for getting one that stood the test of time so well. 
@_date: 2017-03-16 18:09:22
EU centralized, sudo-democratic, mandatory
BTC decentralized, open source, accountable if desired, anonymous if diligently used, voluntary
The EU parliament is a power grab to supplant the sovereignty of nations. It's a centralized system that offers great utility for corruption. It's no surprise that big interests like banking would use it to serve themselves at the expense of others.
Why else would they make such an arbitrary rule against crypto currency? I can use cash to purchase anonymously and they do not have the same concern about it. Why not? They are feigning concern to establish control over others, a common pattern of behavior exhibited by manipulative people. 
@_date: 2016-06-30 05:53:54
Debt based fiat currency is about as rigged as a monetary system can be.  Most people think of credit money when they think of money.  US dollars could be credit money.  Gold and Bitcoin are credit money.  Most people would be shocked to realize that our money is created with debt and that no matter how productive we all get, we'll all still owe the money creators the interest money they never gave us.
Well, then how do they get paid back?
They will make more loans over time, a perpetual rate race, feeding those that create money with the eventual ownership of new money, which they use to buy shares of corporations among other things.  This is why a lending crisis becomes a liquidity crisis.  It's like shutting the water off in a bath tub filled with fish and leaving the drain open.  Eventually, the fish will not have enough water and there will be disaster.
Good luck getting people to understand it.  It seems simple, but like religion, there is a fear barrier keeping them from considering the obvious.  If the obvious is true, it means very dark things.  How could we have been so badly fooled for so long?  How does that idea make you feel?  Secure, happy, or insecure and irate?  People don't want to feel that way, so they ignore the implications of the system we have.
@_date: 2017-08-18 01:36:08
The price is deceptive to the matter of whether or not BTC can even become mainstream. It can't as long as block sizes can't support the volume. The price just fluctuates based on how much BTC people are buying. 
@_date: 2017-08-18 02:50:05
As a gamer and a computer builder enthusiast, despite all the noise I know that bitcoin will ultimately fail or succeed almost entirely due to its ability to accommodate the demand of its user base. If the technology fails or the humans that maintain it fail to code a solution to the volume problem, as it hits during increased adoption, bitcoin will eventually die. 
It will die the moment the collective realizes bitcoin won't scale to meet their expectations for it. Then they'll change their expectations and probably sell their holdings. It will be the effective end in the arena of ideas, although there will still be some users. There could be a replacement at that time depending on the enlightenment of the collective to the real causes of the problem.
You can feel the tremors with transaction fees that amount to meals at fast food restaurants, approaching $5. You won't have transactions when the overhead is too close to the total amount transacted. It should be as benign as sales tax to be just as appealing as cash. You can pontificate all you want. People will act in their perceived self interests and paying $5 extra for a fast food transaction isn't likely to occur often. We want transactions, to back our currency. They give it value beyond a vehicle to store economic value, which is ultimately a collective illusion that only works while believed. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 02:25:34
Transaction fees are too high to call bitcoin a currency. I pay far less in taxes using cash. 
@_date: 2017-08-29 00:26:35
Will humanity ever rid itself of its fleas? Parasites require deception and/or coercion to be able to override the free will of others, because nobody wants to feed them otherwise.  
@_date: 2017-08-29 00:23:28
Government can be the cure, the disease just wields it with ease. 
@_date: 2016-11-04 01:12:15
What they really want is for ChinaCoin to send some of the value to the Chinese government. Bitcoin is like blood that parasites can't drink. 
@_date: 2019-08-10 01:26:53
Explain how to create money without giving anyone free purchasing power at the expense of existing currency holders. It's impossible. So, how is the Fed not doing it? It sure looks like it is benefitting the banks with low interest loans to assist them in loaning to us. 
This allows them to accumulate almost all the productive assets through financial institutions. A study a few years ago indicated this has occurred, where a nexus of about 1000 mainly financial companies controlled 80% of global revenue.
The proponents of the system we have never seem to care about how the money's initial value is distributed, dupes of those who have the same basic impact as counterfeiters. I find it useful to maintain the imbalanced relationship.
@_date: 2016-12-24 02:03:24
Many Bitcoiners know that perception affects choices and those choices can affect economic self-interests. We see it when articles about Bitcoin come out and the price changes. Many of us know market "news" is often used as a tool to affect market prices.
Bankers do not want a competing service to replace their services, because they stand to lose income. So, there is a temptation to alter perception to damage or destroy a competing service. Instead of advertising money being used like a choke chain on media management, unspoken direct and indirect ownership can be more insidious. Also, even in publicly funded news, infiltration by loyal moles can affect operations to produce perception altering propaganda.
Let's face it, the banks can exert the biggest influence of all businesses on the politics and the media, because they have more money. They also have more to gain and lose from public perception and government policies than other businesses, because they own many other businesses. So, there are going to be many more details of public policy and public perception that affect their incomes.
Some call it conspiracy theory, but isn't it really just common sense understanding of self-interest, self-serving behavior and the opportunities that are available to it? Just because you wouldn't do it, it doesn't mean that some unscrupulous businessman won't. Just think about the risk and reward for the self absent concern for the well being of others and it becomes clear.   
@_date: 2019-10-18 02:42:03
Libra resembles liberty like a chocolate coated poison pill.
@_date: 2017-11-17 01:50:12
We project our own behaviors onto others as we simulate their perception, thoughts, feelings and behaviors in our own minds. We only have knowledge of self and others to draw upon when we do this. So, it can be revealing as to how we actually see ourselves when we define others.
A really good example of this is how humans perceive extraterrestrials would be. We often assume they are likely to be warlike, selfish, parasitic and unconcerned with the suffering of others. We think they might enslave us or steal our resources. We should realize that is what we see as ourselves. What have humans done to humans for the last few thousand years?
@_date: 2017-11-14 23:08:30
Ridiculous taxation needlessly stifles freedom and creates unreasonable administrative work for basic activities.
In Illinois for several years, there had been a use tax. You are to self report your internet purchases from out of state and then Illinois will tax you on them.
This is greedy and unreasonable. They expect people to keep all receipts from online transactions for the whole year to accommodate their hunger for more revenue? Of course, it largely failed. 
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:07:53
People don't seem to understand that principal + interest is always greater than just the principal and that there are greater implications of submission to such a system.  It's a system that only allows for indefinite servitude to those that create the money, loan it out with interest, and never create the interest money.  The interest is paid by new loans being created.  This is why we must always keep having more debt or we end up in a liquidity crisis.  The money and assets flow back to the virtual counterfeiters.  People shouldn't be surprised that [financial institutions own so much of the world now](  They should ask themselves just how much they are involved with things like the upcoming trade agreements.
@_date: 2015-07-17 04:58:37
It's amusing how nearly everyone talks about Bitcoin with confidence from a place of ignorance.
@_date: 2015-07-14 05:15:47
They only make the fiat with a debt and they don't make the interest owed.  New loans inject the money into the economy required to pay the interest on existing loans.  It's slavery 2.0, thank the bank for your shackles.  We can *never* collectively get out of debt, no matter how productive we *all* are.  Hey man, you just got that house/car.  Be happy.
@_date: 2018-02-24 00:03:34
Freedom and parasites don't go together. Parasitic intelligences can only feed on others when they can deceive or coerce them. They have to overcome the inconvenience of free will choice somehow. 
Blockchain technology offers an avenue to circumvent both the deception and coercion. So, parasites don't like it, because they can't figure out where to stick their siphon to extract the economic energy from others. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 01:15:00
While true, we grant them the power to punish us for not adhering to their rule. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 00:25:07
They can play that game, sure, but how do they rig that game? 
@_date: 2018-11-20 23:20:19
Who pays them? 
@_date: 2018-03-09 18:36:09
Isn't that intentional? 
@_date: 2017-09-10 02:23:21
You are an expression of the reason why they are in charge. They are in charge because we accept their power over us. When we don't, governments collapse. When we feel our representatives don't represent us we want some sort of revolution, preferably nonviolent revolution. We shouldn't fall for the mental trap of seeing others as powerful over us and submitting to them before the game of power chess even starts to play out. We make usury of others too easy that way.
Having said that, they will have compelling arguments for oppressing cryptocurrencies. We need taxes to pay for services the private sector has no incentive in delivering the way we want. 
@_date: 2018-02-27 01:23:32
When we allow them to distort our language, we submit to their arbitrary rule. 
@_date: 2018-02-25 00:03:01
Wow, that has a lot of similarities with what I am talking about. I didn't see that episode before. Thanks! 
@_date: 2017-09-13 08:38:00
To distract others from your weakness, attack your opponent's strength. Bitcoin is far less fraudulent than the current banking system. 
@_date: 2017-10-02 00:15:02
That's how humanity loses its self-determination. It's the opposite of salvation. 
@_date: 2017-10-27 01:18:22
It makes me want to sell a large chunk of my holdings. 
@_date: 2017-10-14 17:57:17
If you look at graphs of the bitcoin price over time, the instability is a benefit. The value generally keeps going upward. 
@_date: 2017-10-25 02:25:23
Reminds me of the name of an old generic computer accessory brand, 4Q. (pronounce the brand name) 
@_date: 2016-10-14 02:07:07
Software should not be able to be patented. It sniffles progress. Will people really not figure out new solutions to problems just because someone else could also use the same solution? No. As long as the code itself is not directly copied, it should be fine. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 14:22:12
All of the retaliation against free speech is done to create fear in individuals to compel them to choose to be silent. We're best served by undermining that fear rather than reinforcing it and spreading it. We cannot realistically individually counteract state or business cabal based terrorism and threats, but we can encourage enough people to not be afraid to speak the truth that undermines nefarious agendas. 
@_date: 2015-11-20 14:43:37
Some in government are incompetent, some are proficient. Edward Snowden worked for a contractor for the government. He circumvented the security systems and left with a lot of classified data. Louie Gohmert is an elected representative. He says some of the most blatant asinine things one could image a representative saying. 
There is an element of the business class that bribes the government to advance and protect their own business interests. They can ~~conspire~~ collude with each other to change policies and start wars. We usually can't prove collusion, but has anyone else noticed how united the television news channels have been in favor of wars, especially the Iraq War? These stations are owned by conglomerates that profit from war products in some cases and are owned by some shareholders that also have stock in defense contractors. War serves them, they *can* sell it using their resources and they probably do. 
Looking into the history of the CIA will help one understand just how insidious and effective this subset of humanity is in achieving their goals with cloak and dagger. Their resumes demonstrate their proficiency in organizing others to serve them. That is the nature of business. They are behind the coups most of the time in every country, as they have the means, motives and opportunities to execute them. According to Major General Smedley Butler, elements of the ~~business~~ banker class in the USA (which owns much of the businesses) recruited him to foment a coup and he betrayed them and he presented it to Congress.
There is dark, obfuscated and ridiculed history in every country, that we are strongly discouraged from learning, caused by their business class that benefited their business class so that their business class can continue to manipulate situations without the people getting fed up and mitigating their influence and power. 
@_date: 2016-10-27 02:00:47
You're right, but "the government" or governments generally are all contaminated to one degree or another by human beings outside of government. In many cases these hidden people get their way so often compared to the will of the people that they can be considered the government.
I know it's hard to uncover these people. We have our suspicions, but no solid undeniable proof of their *routine* meddling in domestic and foreign policy. They generally hide in the same places, the most profitable businesses within the country. What are they? Oil is one. Big pharma is another. The people want peace, but get war. They want universal health coverage, but get a government mandate to buy high deductible plans or eat tax penalties. The biggest player is actually big money. They own a great deal of the productive assets of the world and their game is corrupt. They are behind many governments as puppet masters. 
@_date: 2015-03-12 00:56:50
Cryptocurrency:Banks::MP3s:CD Manufacturers
@_date: 2017-05-25 15:23:07
People don't realize there is a master slave economic relationship going on that transcends government but also plays out through government. Ultimately, unaccountable adepts at perception manipulation, magicians, are controlling the house of cards. They are the true masters while all users of their product are serving them value, almost all of them without even realizing it.
Money only has value, because we accept in exchange for our own value, which is our time, effort and attention. We are the value of the money that we accept in exchange for our own value. Then we allow magicians to play mathemagic with the system and the numbers to siphon our value to themselves.  
@_date: 2015-03-12 00:40:30
We have to stop the bureaucrats and the bankers from inhibiting the exchange of fiat for Bitcoin and vice versa. So many people ask where they can get Bitcoin, then recoil at having to give so much info to firms on the Internet just to get some. Some others don't want to meet strangers for it either. ATMs would be ideal. It's the rule making against the free exchange of economic value that is really holding Bitcoin back. 
If we want to have a big user base, we need to make sure Bitcoin is up to snuff. If there ever was a big buying day for Bitcoin, such as a crash of the dollar, would we be ready enough for the transaction volume? If we aren't ready, it will be a very bad time for Bitcoin. People will believe the technology failed, lose faith, sell, and stop bothering with crypto currencies. I'd like to see more long term planning for Bitcoin. We should be preparing for the best case scenario as far as technological capacity here. We should be able to service the entire planet eventually and maybe more. We are playing a risky game, hoping adoption does not exceed the limitations of the software or hardware. 
@_date: 2016-05-09 22:36:31
Yeah, we sell the Federal Reserve Bank, owned by private banks, our treasury bonds, IOUs with interest, and they give us Federal Reserve Bank credit and notes. Then they sell the treasury bonds on the open market for Federal Reserve Bank notes. We are so intelligent! 
@_date: 2015-03-17 19:21:48
They can make bank credit, which can be exchanged for cash, out of nothing but the willingness of others to agree to pay back a debt with interest.  They'd have to buy a bunch of miners and compete in order to create Bitcoins.  It's like asking why a counterfeiter might not like advanced protection features in dollar bills.
@_date: 2015-03-12 00:50:26
That's an interesting speculation, but the government had been selling the coins it took from Silk Road Online.
I believe governments tend to serve the most successful economic actors present in any given country. Ours is effectively controlled by the financiers, those that create the money that businesses, governments and the people use. They might want the outcome you speak of, because they could buy a lot of BTC and have an advantage over others. However, the system they have has much greater benefits. 
After the adoption phase, if the world were to all buy into Bitcoin, the former banksters would have to produce goods and services of value rather than simply creating money out of nothing and loaning it to others with interest. They'd be on a level playing field with everyone else eventually. It's the corrupt system of money creation itself that allows them to be so dominant. I doubt they'd want to give up that much power for a small fraction of it. Perhaps they would if they could not see a more favorable self-serving option. 
@_date: 2017-05-21 00:51:09
No, my schadenfreude! 
@_date: 2017-05-20 02:06:40
@_date: 2016-07-10 05:03:54
They are afraid of the implications of it.  They don't want to believe that a group of human beings fooled us for more than 100 years and parasitically feeds on us to this day.  That makes people feel insecure, betrayed, and they just want to feel good when they are not at their damn jobs.
@_date: 2015-02-12 09:14:56
The value of a bitcoin is dependent upon how much people are buying and selling.  That is largely dependent on current news.  I know volatility is bad for a currency, but it is unavoidable at this time, mathematically.  It's such a small user base that the news can make enough people buy or sell to greatly affect the price.  This is a similar phenomenon to the buying and selling of corporate stock and commodities.
@_date: 2018-12-02 03:09:56
Humans imbue money with value by giving value in exchange for it. 
@_date: 2016-07-10 05:27:03
Prominent bankers set up the Federal Reserve Act.  They secretly met at Jekyll Island just before it was made in order to formulate it.  Bankers are the problem and have been for a long time even before that.  No, not all bankers everywhere, of course not, some unscrupulous banking families.  The taste of power over other men draws them like nectar to bees.  Some banking families have been masters over money, which is a master over men.  It affords them great power and wealth for essentially being gifted illusionists.  
Those that refuse to consider conspiracy are the problem.  There are many conspiracies around money throughout history.  Blaming government is a red herring.  It is but a tool to create and enforce rules that anyone with influence can wield.  Those who make money can buy the most influence.  Sometimes the people can wield it too, to the great dismay of the business class that prefers greater profits over greater wages, benefits, and environmental, worker and customer protection regulations.  Don't blame the tool, blame those who are wielding it.  Find out who they are by their intentions, by the results that are sought.
@_date: 2016-07-15 23:27:03
Why not just allow freedom? WTF is with democracies banning the free association of individuals to exchange value anyway?
@_date: 2017-06-13 05:11:48
How is it not creating money out of nothing? Can you explain or will you refer me to a hundred thousand words for me to read on this brief night I experience before going back to my job? That behavior makes me doubt that the person doing it even knows what he's talking about. I can explain what I understand.   
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:55:45
Evil is simply self-serving behavior at the expense of others. This problem is a tragedy of the commons problem. Our enemy is the propensity of ourselves to backstab our other selves to get an advantage over them. We do it most often while knowing we are not doing the right thing and we don't care. 
@_date: 2017-06-02 00:48:44
They wanted digital currency to create tyranny and exploitation for others in order to better feed themselves. Instead they get digital currency that creates freedom and integrity in financial interactions for others and that cuts off their monetary parasitism.
It's all due to control. They want to be in control of the currency. Cryptocurrency is controlled by the rules of the program, controlled by its authors. Then everyone else is on an even playing field in interacting with that system. There is no strong arm of printing more currency and giving it to your corrupt friends, except by hacking the program or its authors. 
@_date: 2013-11-24 04:06:26
The US is going get left in the technological dust if it continues to act so authoritarian. Mass surveillance abuses by the US government have seriously damaged international hardware sales. Now the US government is making it harder to do Bitcoin business than in other countries. Causality will show us the error in our ways. 
@_date: 2018-12-04 22:00:08
I r emember when bitcoin getting to 100 bucks was a big deal. Now 4000 bucks is doom, 40x more. 
@_date: 2013-11-16 14:40:34
Bitcoin could be over tomorrow if the confidence in it fails due to technical failure, government interference or whatever.  If it doesn't die and the entire world ends up accepting it, there are &gt;7,000,000,000 people and &lt;21,000,000 coins, or &lt;0.003 BTC per person.  The value could potentially be quite high.  Some estimates are $1000, $10k, $100k or $1m per BTC.  Time will tell.  This year has been quite exciting though.
@_date: 2013-12-23 13:39:25
@_date: 2013-12-20 05:54:51
It's a scam, because if I did the same thing in a more simplified manner, you'd see me as roughly equivalent to a freeloading counterfeiter.
@_date: 2013-11-03 03:18:56
Money requires no memory to function. Although, a transaction record can serve to verify the integrity of a currency. Money is just like other commodities, except that it's value is even more dependent on perception than other commodities since it usually has little utility of its own.
Perceived value, what people think other people would exchange for the currency, is what causes people to buy it to store future purchasing power. The purchasing increases its value. As people lose confidence in a currency as a store of purchasing power, they sell it and it loses value. This approximately how other commodities work, but their intrinsic utility keeps them valuable even if interest in them as a store of value is absent.
Counterfeiting destroys a currency not as much from inflation as much as from the collapse of perception of the currency as a store of value. Cheaters may damage the game, but the players quit when the cheating becomes apparent. Until enough of the players quit, the counterfeiters can continue to feed on the others that still use the currency by obtaining their goods and services for none of their own actual contribution of goods or services. 
This is what the Federal Reserve system has been doing for 100 years now and it's clear that it won't collapse until people realize it's a scam even with such a high amount of inflation over that time. It's theft right out in plain sight and is a remarkable achievement of fraud over collective skepticism and vigilance. 
Through economic agreements to keep the dollar as the world's reserve currency and by coercing nations into trading the economically vital resource of crude oil in dollars, the USA forces the world to use their currency while they "devalue" it for precisely the same economic effect as counterfeiting currency. It gives the USA free economic value from the world just like a counterfeiter gets free economic value from others that use the currency he devalues. This is the primary economic mechanism by which 
 the USA runs its empire. This is why the USA is the richest country in the world despite the fact that it has a horrendous trade deficit. It exports debt to suckers as it imports the fruit of their time and effort in grossly unfair proportion. The world is finally waking up to the scam and I don't expect it to last even one more decade. That's bad for us in the US, a nation so dependent on imports, especially on crude oil.
@_date: 2017-06-04 01:45:43
He made conservative *thinkers* feel scared. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:54:22
It would be nice if there was a Bitcoin based system of campaign finance where the units of exchange were given equally to all citizens for them to spend as they choose. If it was mandated as the only legal form of campaign currency then we could significantly reduce the influence that a few of the wealthiest people have over the whole electoral process. As it works now, the people can only choose between the candidates that win the money election that only a tiny few can afford to play. 
@_date: 2013-11-16 13:06:30
The powers that be don't like Bitcoin, because they like to control our race with central banks creating fiat currency.  Remember when Wikileaks was cut off by the credit card companies and Paypal?  It was still able to accept donations in Bitcoins.  The PTB want to be able to control our ability to exchange stored time and energy with each other.  They can't feed on Bitcoin by printing their own to get free goods and services as they can with fiat currencies and they can't stop people they don't like from participating in the economy.  This takes away their ability to play god.  Of course, they are going to try to destroy it.
@_date: 2017-06-02 01:02:28
The parasites gathered to discuss the issue. Their solution was to increase their efforts to penetrate the defenses their hosts use to safeguard their own energy. Corrupt logic based on fear was used to keep observers from correctly identifying the parasites and hosts in the arrangement, making it seem like a legitimate means of continuing the system. 
@_date: 2017-06-29 07:02:04
No, that encourages the movement away from fiat currency that their banker owners can issue themselves. That's how they steal our collective value in front of our uninformed faces.  
@_date: 2013-12-05 22:59:07
It doesn't matter. If there was only 1 Bitcoin, but instead of 100,000,000 units each there were 2,100,000,000,000,000 units each, it would only affect human psychology. It would have the same number of arbitrary transaction units. No matter what the arbitrary number is, Bitcoins are intangible. We give money value by accepting it for goods and services. 
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:07:53
The problem with caring about what other people think of you is having to emotionally weather their judgements. If you can recognize that they are embracing willful ignorance, you can accept their judgements without having to feel as negatively about them. 
My father is the same way. He keeps comparing Bitcoin to the tulip bulb bubble. These people are just trying to sound smarter than they are on the topic. If Bitcoin fails they will be smug about it and rub it in to feel good about their position. They don't even have to know how or why it would have failed to gain that satisfaction. If Bitcoin succeeds significantly enough, they will try not to appear stupid for having their former position. They may pretend that they weren't really so against it or not even admit they were wrong whatsoever. They just want to appear smart to others. 
In the end all money everywhere, including Bitcoin, is only backed by people. When people will accept a given currency in exchange for goods and services, they embue that currency with value. Currency is just a commodity that is useful to store and transmit value. Before currency there was barter, direct exchanges of goods and services for goods and services. If people won't accept a currency in exchange for goods and services, then it won't have value. The value is based on the perception of individuals of something's value to others, an indirect calculation of the perception of value of others. As more people think a currency has value, more people will buy it, accept it for goods and services and thus imbue it more value. All money is based on confidence bubbles. So many of us don't understand money. 
All of this applies to the US dollar. It just has an older and bigger user base. Even though the US dollar is run by private interests that extract economic value from everyone that uses it via inflation-causing, debt/money creation, people the word over accept it for goods and services, because they know that they can exchange it later for goods and services. All money is this way, even gold. 
Yet, if tomorrow someone proved that they can make gold from lead cheaply, or that there is a giant gold mine that multiplies the world's supply of gold, the value of gold would go down. Scarcity affects the perception of value of any commodity. People don't work for shiny rocks for that reason, not the common ones at least. Bitcoin outshines the dollar on scarcity. There will only ever be 21,000,000 Bitcoins. So, of course, if confidence and the underlying technology hold up, Bitcoin will continue to gain value as more people embue it with value by buying it and accepting it for goods and services. Gold in comparison is heavy to carry around and difficult to use for small purchases like food. While Bitcoin retains value due to scarcity like gold, it outshines gold in that it can be used for tiny transactions as well. Each Bitcoin is divided into 100,000,000 pieces. So, unlike gold, Bitcoin has enough practical transaction units to facilitate small trades even if the entire planet started using it. Try buying a candy bar with gold. Don't sneeze! 
The real threats to Bitcoin to watch out for are flaws in the technology and the financial and physically violent coercion from governments and the large private financial interests that corrupt governments into being their puppets. People also fail to realize just how widespread that corruption is. How could they figure it out without even understanding money, the thing they spend the greater part of their lives toiling to obtain? Money buys corruption and those that create money have the most to use to that end. I agree with one of the most successful bankers in history on this matter.. Let me issue and control a nation's money and I care not who writes the laws. Mayer Amschel Rothschild (1744-1812) 
@_date: 2013-11-07 02:59:28
Are they protecting the public or protecting power? They fail to go after the most prosperous criminals that operate in plain sight. Banksters get away with fraud, funding terrorism and even laundering millions in drug profits, but somehow they think that by focusing on petty black market trade online is imperative. Whom do they serve? It's not us, and they never serve the banksters with arrests. The banksters that have fooled us into accepting an infinite debt-based currency, rather than a currency that isn't born out of debt to the banks, do not like Bitcoin. They fear people will stop feeding them their economic energy by accepting their bank credit they create out of nothing in exchange for their future time and effort. Bitcoin is made predictably by computers not by a covert criminal cartel. This is a cat the global elite want to stuff back into the bag and they're trying desperately to catch it without revealing their intentions. When people realize their scam, they lose power and a new order will ensue.
@_date: 2013-11-24 03:50:41
$800 is low when one looks at what Bitcoins would have cost for most of the people of Earth to use them. They'd be closer to $100,000 each. 
@_date: 2013-11-25 22:58:00
I'd think it would be more in the interests of China to keep Bitcoin honest. When sound currency is used, the nation's that produce the most exports do the best, rather than the ones that can make the most fiat currency/debt. 
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:43:55
It would be nice if the recipient could set the fee price to whatever they wanted, based on how high it needs to be to facilitate sufficently fast confirmations of transactions.  For that to work, there needs to be an easy way for people to find out how much of a fee is needed to ensure fast confirmations.  Perhaps the client software could tell them the average transaction fee of recent blocks.  Then the fee could more easily float as is needed to satisfy the miners and the merchants.  It would create a dynamic relationship instead of the current arbitrary, static fee.
@_date: 2013-12-16 07:50:39
Did people stop using gold as money just because it is deflationary?  Of course hot potato fiat currency gets spent more, but gold initially backed much of it before consensus based ignorance and faith took its place.
@_date: 2013-11-20 02:57:30
I've heard that the story the Wizard of Oz is metaphorical for the problems of  money in the early 1900s. Originally the Ruby slippers were silver, symbolizing that silver helps the common man have liquidity even when the gold bugs corner the market (yellow/gold brick road) . I found your pic very pertinent. 
Perhaps someone else can elaborate/correct. I am on my last break at work typing on my phone and lack the time to post a good link. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 02:50:07
Any country that exports a greater value of goods and services than it imports would see greater gains from trade by using currencies that are not artificially inflated. Bitcoin, silver and gold could serve China better than fiat currency like the dollar in that the value they gain from trade can't be stolen via inflation caused by their trade partners gifting themselves more of the currency. That inflation benefits the country that makes the money, not those that live outside that country and trade in it.
@_date: 2013-12-20 11:36:48
Yes, it's the governments.  Keep focusing on the puppets and not the humans that have their hands up their puppets' asses.  Oh me oh my, who could those puppeteers be?  Maybe, just maybe, perhaps, possibly, it could be the group of people that convinced us and our government representatives to cede the creation of money to private hands.  No, that couldn't be.  That would suck too much and we are too smart.  Yeah, that's why we exchange bonds that we pay back with our taxes in order to get funny money that private banks pull out of the aether.  We're fucking geniuses.  Hey, I've got a deal for you..
@_date: 2013-11-16 13:24:39
Please elaborate how it is difficult to comply with the existing laws voluntarily as a business owner.  If you did not fear authorities punishing you with violence, wealth confiscation or incarceration, wouldn't you be able to just begin accepting Bitcoins for goods or services?  It's the fear of uncertainty isn't it?  The fear of what master will do?
@_date: 2013-12-22 07:28:54
No, they wouldn't be swiped unless Target managed their Bitcoin wallets for them.  Target wouldn't hold the private keys necessary to swipe the funds from their wallets.
@_date: 2013-11-16 13:14:27
They are trying to repair the fence before all the cattle realize it's broken.
@_date: 2013-12-05 02:59:07
The entrenched interests that fear loss from the rise of Bitcoin have laid out nearly all of the nonsensical arguments they can contrive. Too many others have challenged and dismantled those arguments. They just can't spin this away with deception like they are accustomed. Beware of them trying to turn confidence in other ways like using paper Bitcoin trading and the resultant crashes from paper fraud. Money, all money, relies on the confidence of its users, even gold. If a man discovered how to turn lead into gold, the price of gold would tank. They want to kill Bitcoin, because they lose the fiat money fountain that yields for them vast amounts of goods and services for very little goods and services of their own. On the other end of that seemingly infinite fountain are the poor that toil for that substance. It's not easy to see now, but they gain big time from an honest currency. Saving money would become far more doable with gold, silver, or Bitcoin. Saving fiat money is ignorant and draining. 
@_date: 2013-11-16 12:43:46
Couldn't the Bitcoins in a blacklisted wallet just be laundered into a non-blacklisted wallet?
@_date: 2013-11-22 01:31:13
The key to banks' control of fiat currency is that they can create it out of nothing, typically when others take out loans. They can't parasitically feed on Bitcoin like they do fiat currency without breaking the way Bitcoin works. It's designed only to ever have 21,000,000 Bitcoins. If a small, isolated community gave me sole exclusive privilege to create their currency, I could use that economic value transferring power to yield inflation for them, but give myslef free goods and services purchasing power. I'd be able to buy up their assets and rule them like a king. &lt;s&gt; Of course, this doesn't happen in reality, not because any of the key features of such a scam aren't present, but because it would really suck and I don't feel comfortable believing that so many of us could be so bamboozled for so long without a shining white knight protecting us from the wicked. &lt;/s&gt; There are actually many such white knights, but they have to battle against the titans by telling us the truth. If we keep attack them for speaking it we can maintain our enslaving illusions and keep the wicked in control over us. We keep chosing willful ignorance, because it is more comfortable in the present moment than the awful truth. 
@_date: 2013-12-19 23:27:13
The government gets Federal Reserve notes in exchange for Treasury bonds to be paid back with interest by the people of the United States. There is actually nothing backing those notes since they were divorced from gold decades ago. The Federal Reserve is not *owned* by the government, but by several large privately-owned banks. They get low interest loans from the Federal Reserve and then issue higher interest loans to businesses and individuals. 
Can anyone explain how to create fiat currency without yielding free goods and services purchasing power for someone? Why don't we care that the commodity that we sell the best years of our life to obtain is a scam? Do we prefer more to feel good in the now than live free in the medium to long term? I believe that most of us do, because that is actually the choice we make by refusing to examine money creation. 
@_date: 2013-12-20 10:49:58
I liked the presentation, but I don't see how Bitcoin can do micro-transactions while the fee required for prompt confirmations is 0.0001 BTC (currently $0.07).  The fees are structured around the amount of data a transaction requires rather than the amount of Bitcoin being transacted.  While this protects the network, it inhibits micro-transactions.  $0.07 means a lot more to a poor third world farmer who earns less currency in a month than we do in an hour.  How do we fix this and maintain adequate fees for miners and curtail spam?