@_author: thinkingoutloudhear
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:02:01
You realize that does this already, right?
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:41:33
I still think it's a good idea, and I don't think I've backpedaled at all. The idea is a good one, and I don't even think it needs any watering down.
I'm forced to assume you think the other three ideas voiced in my original post were very good ones worth pursuing, considering your lack of commentary on them. I thank you for the implicit praise.
If you come up with any other "ideas that aren't terrible", let me know! Have a great day, my friend.
@_date: 2014-12-19 01:19:50
I admire the speed at which you can invoke Godwin almost as much as I do your ability to misconstrue a stance.
What is "creepy or weird" is to spend a large portion of your time on a forum for enthusiasts of a particular subject, doing nothing but criticizing and attacking. There are undeniable strengths, advantages, and benefits of Bitcoin, and when these are categorically denied and ridiculed and mocked by a person day in and day out, while that same person does their best to discredit a particular technology/innovation, at a certain point the issue warrants acknowledgement. I don't think anti-Bitcoiners are being paid, but I do think a number of them have serious psychological issues, and as I said, if we can minimize the negativity in some way, I think that's an idea worth considering. 
I also never said I wanted to make this place more like - I observed that your Nazi argument (which is absolutely ridiculous) applies equally well to what already does in practice. 
Now that you've voiced your opinion on the "flair" subject (you don't like the idea, if I'm not mistaken), let's hear what your opinion is on the other topics. Do you have any ideas that would help solve any mini-problems in the Bitcoin space you want to contribute?
@_date: 2014-12-19 00:50:43
Of course it doesn't "need" any of this, any more than the Earth "needs" humans.
Bitcoin aligns participants' incentives with that of the network at large. What this means is that everyone who uses Bitcoin is incented to improve Bitcoin in whatever way(s) they can. A commonly-expressed sentiment is "I want to contribute, but I can't code" and I think brainstorming other avenues to pursue can only help.
Also, Bitcoin has not "already failed" by any serious evaluation - each coin is worth more than $300, merchant and consumer adoption continues to grow, it is regularly (and seriously) discussed in major media outlets worldwide... the fact that you would try and say "it already failed" was so ridiculously hyperbolic that it prompted me to load up your userpage... 
You have definitely earned the "Devil's Advocate" flair, in my opinion. If you're a rational individual, actually interested in meaningful discussion on the topic, I have three questions for you: what do you think the best aspects of Bitcoin are? What do you think the "best case scenario" for its future would be, and how would it most likely play out? 