@_author: thinkquix
@_date: 2018-01-09 17:00:45
Will the lightning network reduce BTC Liquidity due to "locking-up" funds in channels?
I have read and seen demonstrations about how this might work. At least for the ones I have seen, 
They mention something along the lines of, Bob and Susie both use 2 btc to "open the channel", now they can send and receive any amount of btc within their 4 total btc, as many times as they desire, then close the channel at the final desired balances.  
People are getting worked up by the idea that it seems necessary to "pre pay" or allocate funds/ lock up funds, just to open a channel.  like a pre pay card. 
But... in my head, I see the options a bit different..  I'm not a developer, but why couldn't it go something more like this... 
Susie is a business owner, she receives btc for her services, she opens a channel up with any amount of btc, theoretically it could be &lt; .00001 or something.   Now all day, she receives payments.   Bob links onto the channel and puts in 2 btc, and sends the 2 btc, and Susie gives what ever Bob bought to him; bob doesn't need change back (would anyone ever?) so he is done with the channel. Then at the end of the day, Susie closes the network channel because she needs to account for everything or something, and She pays the one time main chain transaction fee for that day.  
    
Basically, i don't get why anyone would need to "pre pay"? or put in more money than they would need to purchase the items in order to open a channel.  
It should be as easy as, Susie holding the network open with her deposit, ( it could be a irreverently small amount) then Bob opening the other side of the channel with only the amount he is willing to spend, (enter amount of btc the item cost, hit pay and it automatically opens the channel with that btc, and sends it) Bob pays and is done.   
most business transactions are  kind of one sided, they only receive btc, so the other end should never have to hold open the channel for more than they are paying at that exact moment, 
Looking for more ideas behind this. 