@_author: thincho_kalandraka
@_date: 2015-07-30 08:04:46
I say Phuk-It, at least your going somewhere where your not getting in trouble for deciding how you spend your money.
You know...I love protecting me from myself and all..but sometimes a guy has to Phuket.
*sorry bad jokes...but kind of funny name for a city with a large prostitution business. Not that anyone should tell you what you can and can't do with your bits between 2 consenting adults where no one is a victim. 
@_date: 2015-07-28 02:13:57
There is a ton of ways to connect these days that seems to come out of science fiction movie.
They all sound futuristic and "we are a few years away from having that technology," but look at electric cars.
If you have the resources it all becomes trivial...super trivial. These breaches in human decency are accompanied by a shake of the head + a smile and a laugh.
@_date: 2015-07-28 02:03:12
Get your coins out of that wallet buddy. Have another cold wallet and build it at a different location via a &gt;clean&lt; live boot disk on a different ISP.  Then either using a tool or if you are good with high contrast colors, etc. obsuficate the screen as much as possible when you do it. Nothing in plaint text. Windows within windows on your monitor viewing, immeditely disconnect from the interet afterward. Take out battery and possibly even disconnect your hard drive after you print. 
Then disconnect the printer and clear all of the history. Also try and get the field agent password to clean out and cache on the printer.
Even this sounds like a weak plan. Look at what else is out there.
I am looking into trying to use whonix but it seems a bit intimidating to me this far...but getting there.
Honestly not sure how to do it...but there is a starting point. 
@_date: 2015-07-25 07:56:04
If you have one of the nice bootloaders that the NSA has...it doesn't matter if it is a hot or cold wallet...they have the keys to both. It is sad it is so easy for them. The firmware hacks (been around for ages) are the soft spot in all of this. There is going to be a lot of eye opening going on over the next year or so I beleive. If you can air gap a nuclear plant, "sell" rigged usb cables, rewrite the firmware of just about every hard drive out there the game becomes very simple and automated. *Please...with the "you need to be a high profile target nonsense." It is obvious that mass data consumption and analyzation is the game. Always will be...once they do that you may graduate to a high profile target where they then look at your file and printing printing history of "cold wallets," 2 factor auth...AND lol, your m of n "escrow."
@_date: 2015-07-25 08:18:27
It's really easy when it is automated.
@_date: 2015-07-28 05:17:53
Because of how BIOS and BootStrap/Boot Loaders work in order to send the signal to firmwarevia flash memory. These signals when  combined and recieved make up the kernel. The kernel then sends the signal to the disk to let it know this is our hardware and let's get to work. The disk will then communicate with the kernel and fire up the OS.
Something along those lines...
It doesn't matter how careful you are as mentioned below. Once you can get a bit of data into the into the flash memory you then can manipulate the kernel (all of them as far as I am aware) and then mess with the boot records. Once you have those, it's game over. You can do as you please with the BIOS, computer monitors, USB/SD memory etc.
@_date: 2015-07-25 08:08:16
There is no such thing as a RNG as of yet...never will be. We are dealing with binary numbers. It physics...and blockchain.info....well there you go. They are pretty much an actor in the game (I do not know this as fact but all the bad decisions and all the security "oops" either makes them incompetent or a player. They don't have a solid reputation.
Also they use a .info domain which isn't cool. :-)