@_author: thirstyocelot
@_date: 2015-06-22 02:39:35
Uhm, no. "Take my word for it" is not science. The people who assert a correlation between HIV and illness had the burden of proof, and they met the burden.
You seem to be mistaking my assignment of the burden of proof as an epistemological ideal that it's all the same and nothing is provable. Things certainly are provable, there are relationships, and we should strive to find them to enhance our understanding of the world. Absolutely test GMOs and try to disprove the null hypothesis. Look for the negative side effects. It is not a waste of time to do so. Tested is way better than untested. 
But the default is still no relationship. There are an infinite ways the world COULD work, but only one way that it DOES work. Vaccines COULD cause autism. Airplanes COULD be releasing chem trails which are poisoning US citizens. Leeches COULD cure fevers. Organisms COULD evolve based on external physical stimuli which causes changes that get passed on to their offspring. The VAST majority of relationships tested for do not actually exist.
Like the relationship between GMOs and negative effects on live stock. It has been tested on tens of billions of animals over trillions of meals, and no negative effects have been found.
But please, keep testing. Testing is good.
@_date: 2015-06-22 01:51:54
Yeah, the burden of proof still lies with the person asserting against the null hypothesis. You don't get to claim a correlation without evidence. Or, I guess you can, but you can't call it science. Well I guess you can, but you'd be wrong.
And for things like HIV, surprise surprise, there is real actual evidence that it's bad for you! The null hypothesis was tested and found to be wrong! There is in fact a correlation between getting HIV and negative health effects. 
And as I pointed out in that last link, there is a lot of research into GMOs and their effects on live stock, over tens of billions of animals and trillions of meals, and they have not found evidence of negative health effects.
So yeah, it's science. The point is to test shit and try to prove the null hypothesis wrong. You don't say "well the default is no relationship!" and then go home. But your statement about burden of proof? Always on the person asserting a relationship. You don't get to say "well there *may* be negative side effects" and then sit back and wait until someone to say "wait, no there aren't" and then jump up and demand proof. 
Even though people have proven you wrong anyway.
@_date: 2015-06-21 23:37:46
Nah. The null hypothesis is that there is no correlation between two variables.
@_date: 2015-06-22 00:25:14
When you are doing scientific research, you start with the null hypothesis. That is, the base assumption is that there is no relationship between two things. Science is about disproving the null hypothesis, not proving it. When you find evidence of a correlation, you're on to something interesting. And, of course, the null hypothesis is frequently wrong, and correlation and causation does exist.
The form of the sentence doesn't really matter. "There is no correlation" isn't a 'statement in the affirmative' so much as the base assumption of all scientific research. It's basically a defense against the innate ability of the human mind to make up patterns where none exist. It's there to replace bias and conjecture with evidence.
The null hypothesis loves you and wants you to be happy: 
And of course, research has been conducted to try to disprove the null hypothesis and to find links between GMOs and negative effects on the animals and the food produced. And the research has failed to disprove it: 