@_author: thiskillsthebitcoin
@_date: 2014-07-03 03:15:15
Excellent counterargument, I'm sure many will be impressed by your arguments vs mine
@_date: 2014-07-03 03:05:34
All the indications we have of actual use of Bitcoin are underwhelming
Look at Overstock's mediocre sales figures over the past few months, or even better - the Bitcoin transactions data as shown on blockchain.info
Bitcoin is primarily valued as a speculative asset, and that's why its being hoarded.
The economic benefits to using Bitcoin are minor or lacking altogether, and are certainly not enough to outweigh the risks of using it.
For example I am a small-time merchant and I can't accept Bitcoin because of the extreme volatility. If you go with a service like Bitpay, not only are you doing away with all the supposed benefits of bitcoin and essentially just accepting fiat from a PayPal copy, but you have to pay fees as well.
I can go into a long discussion about this, but what I'd like to point out in brief is that all the potential benefits have been stripped away over time. Decentralization, pseudonomity, very low or nil fees, *impossibility* to regulate, etc. has all been scrapped.
I mean now we have Bitcoin 'ATMs' that charge you 10% each way, demand personal documents and even biometric scanning, are pre-approved by regulators, work with centralized intermediaries, and are counterintuitive to boot!
Its as though Bitcoin has just become an attempt at replicating fiat, but starting from scratch. What's the point anymore?
All this aside from the technical problems that arise if people actually do start using Bitcoin (I.e. blockchain bloat).
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:33:12
It took me a short while to realize, since my posts weren't getting any comments or upvotes/downvotes.
The subreddit I mentioned is r/Shadowban
Go there and youll see that there must be dozens of people getting shadowbanned every day.
Note: A lot of accounts get banned from this subreddit by the mods, or shadow banned from this subreddit only by the automod, but being shadow banned from all of reddit is something different and relatively rare (I only know about my case, but then again, can others speak?)
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:07:28
Even if only 10 people see it, it's worth it
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:17:05
I know I did nothing to break the Reddit rules, because I read them and know my own actions.
Upon investigation I found that a lot of other users are also wrongly or even mistakenly shadowbanned. There is or was a whole subreddit dedicated to appeals on this basis.
From what I read, what seems to happen is that when mods submit a shadowban request they are generally granted without any actual investigation - simply because the Reddit admins don't have the time to go through it all.
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:11:26
There is no advice, only a logical explanation
I don't think I need explain the difference between the stock market and Bitcoin to the readers - it would be too patronizing I think. 
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:42:11
Yes, the reason was that the mods - in particular, Judah_mu - had a personal vendetta against me, along with many of the users here (search for my old username 'Darkwings_08' on this subreddit and you'll see evidence of that).
By searching for my username you'll also see some of my posts which reached the front page, and therefore be able to judge for yourself just what rules they broke.
I was not shadow banned for breaking any of the rules of Reddit, for I have read them and know my own actions.
@_date: 2014-07-03 02:08:44
The mods of this subreddit submitted my main account to the Reddit admins to be shadow banned, which they did so (despite not breaking any of the reddit rules)