@_author: this_ones_wet
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:52:49
I'd be very surprised if Khalifa held that instead of losing it all on slots later, but man what a nice HODL it would have been :) Funny pic, thanks for sharing!
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:36:41
That depends on your definition of "better off". Gambling is gambling at the end of the day, I think BTC has possible return rate within the next 3-5 years that would be tough to find elsewhere. I'm not saying you should buy it, you need to make that decision for yourself.
If you're not convinced in bitcoin as a technology or long term store of value, then I don't see why you'd buy any except FOMO, which is a bad reason to buy anything and how bubbles are created. The HODL mentality of cryptos has had an interesting effect I think, as the more people who buy in and "HODL", the higher the value climbs, the more people who buy in, the more it perpetuates HODL, the higher the value climbs, etc.
But will people always HODL? Everyone has a breaking point. If you just bought BTC at $10k and saw it drop to $1k over night, would you have the balls to stay in or do you cut your losses? It could go right back up to $10k the very next day as people who feel they missed out buy in at prices they consider a bargain. This kind of up and down could go on for a long time.
I tend to stay away from anything which has too much mainstream hype around it, personally. BTC is just about getting to the point that makes me uncomfortable, as I have friends who have no idea what the blockchain is asking me if they should buy bitcoin. Still, my fear of hype means nothing if people keep buying!
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:57:44
Sheeesh, I found an old like "coinkey" or something account I had today, when I clicked on the account link it took me to coinbase. Maybe that was their original name or maybe they got bought out...
But I had zero free dollars, sadly. Was really hoping for something like this, haha!
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:55:23
That's a great perspective. I can tell you with certainty as well that while money is always nice to have, it's far from the most important thing in life. Try not to beat yourself up over missed financial opportunities. Worry more about making more meaningful life opportunities really count - such as family, friendship, romance, and general life experiences. Make sure you put down your phone every once in a while and just take in the world around you.
You'll be just fine, this will be a good story for your grandchildren :)
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:13:20
Fair point on the corrupt currency - Zimbabwe would be a bad comparison... buuuut, bitcoin =/= blockchain technology. When you buy a bitcoin, you're not investing in emergent technology. In fact, at this point it's unlikely bitcoin will ever be used for anything more than a place to park money. Blockchain tech has already surpassed what bitcoin is capable of, making it a poor contender for applications of the future, and DAG tech is even &gt; blockchain, and for all we know we could have something even greater next week. What bitcoin has going for it currently is the high rate of public adoption. If it loses that for any reason, it will have a very difficult time recovering, because of the lack of real world application outside of being a store of value.
So, while they paved the way for some awesome stuff, the tech is not what one is buying into here (or at least it shouldn't be!).
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:09:49
No, in total there are 2.1 quadrillion units.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:47:11
Yes, as I said in a comment I just added, I think the "HODL" mentality combined with more and more people coming in (because of the rising price and news surrounding it) really is what is fueling these prices. It's an interesting social phenomenon, and is exactly the sort of thing bubbles are made of. The question is, how long does the bubble last if bitcoin never becomes anything more than what it is right now? Or better yet, WILL bitcoin ever become anything more than it is right now?
My personal opinion is we won't see the real consequences of price building like this for a long time &amp; there is likely still opportunity to make a nice return (though you likely won't become the bitcoin millionaire many people who bought in years ago had the chance of becoming). For me, as a speculative investment, I like other cryptos better at this time. Bitcoin had a VERY nice run which we may not actually see again in another crypto, and maybe $100k is in its future, but a 10x return is not that appealing to me for something so high risk. I've made 2x in 2 days on a few other cryptos, and I've made 2-10x on plenty previously... I think we all want the unicorn, and maybe that still is bitcoin, but it's hard to fathom another 10,000%+ price run. I'll admit that it's not impossible, though!
That being said, it's very cool to me to see so many people having done well for themselves over the years, especially the early adopters, and I certainly hope for everyone's sake that things only get better and the price drives up. I would be really sad for people who bought in late and experienced a major crash.
@_date: 2017-11-29 07:20:44
I'd say ETH already has a lot more buzz than BTC did in its early days, though is not particularly cheap either. There are others out there that are at stages akin to when BTC was between $50-300/ea. They're out there if you look for them, good luck!
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:06:41
There's no scam, but you should understand what you're buying.
Bitcoin is mainly perceived as an asset, not a currency, despite its original intentions. As long as people believe the asset has value, they will buy and sell it. Some people compare it to gold and talk about it as a "value store", or a place to put money so it appreciates or at least holds its value.
You could, however, compare it less favorably to any other number of assets. For example, pogs. Pogs were once cool and people paid a lot of money for them, then people lost interest and moved on and pogs lost their value.
Bitcoin could at any moment lose its value, even completely.
No one can deny that decentralized transaction technology will be a big part of our future, but the ship has largely sailed for bitcoin to be the leader in that department, and so it will either continue to be a value store or people will move along to newer technologies which are superior, and it will lose its value -- perhaps even completely.
I can't say one way or the other what will happen. At this moment, I'd guess it's equally as likely that each BTC reaches $100,000 per coin as it is that each reaches $0. You'd be surprised how fast people panic sell when a selloff is happening, though there is still a ton of euphoria around bitcoin and I doubt that will happen in the near future.
My suggestion would be to buy some now, but not with more money than you can afford to lose completely. Know it's a high risk asset you're investing in, and that because of that risk you stand to make a lot of money, but also stand to lose it all.
@_date: 2017-11-29 06:50:04
This is what most people said about bitcoin when it was new as well :) Anyway, to each his/her own! We all need to make choices we are comfortable with. I think there are a handful of "altcoins" which have bright futures ahead of them.