@_author: thisismyfifthacc
@_date: 2015-12-19 13:59:51


Yeah, until the government takes your computer and all your coins are gone.


You have a choice to eat shit food, it's not like anyone at all is forcing people to eat shit fattening food. It's the fault of the lazy ignorant masses that could save money by eating a fucking salad instead.


Seriously think about it. If you ran a company and your costs were:
$600 overhead $300 materials $200 labor $50 shipping $10 advertising $0.38 transaction costs $0.08 packing peanuts
Would you spend 30% of your budget trying to reduce the cost of packing peanuts? Add on to this that all your data demonstrates that the more money you spend on reducing the cost of packaging, the more you'll have to spend on packaging (blowback). This is obvious insanity, except it is not insane.
What the actual fuck does any of this even mean? Seriously, explain this to my obviously ignorant sheeple mind.


"People are taking over the world because they must be. I'm not actually going to provide any evidence I'm just going to say I'm right, and then tell you to do 'research' (aka read conspiracy fantasy website with no sources) or call you an idiot."
Overall, the comment is just a big mess of meaningless rubbish. The poster never actually comes to an intelligent and well constructed conclusion, instead it reads as a random mashup of completely unrelated 'facts' that ultimately mean nothing but inspire those who don't actually think about what they're reading, but like to think they're better than everyone else.
Edit: Also would like to add because it's inevitably going to be brought up.
Yes, whilst the individual facts and figures he brings up are quite truthful and chilling in of themselves (more on that later) none of them actually link together to make a meaningful statement. Nothing links together.
Whilst the encroachment of our privacy and civil rights due to the inflated threat of terrorism is terrifying and very real, I fail to see what the hell that has to do with obesity or incentives to farming corn. It's in the United States government's best interest to do that because the corn and farming industry is one of it's biggest money makers.
In addition to the empty facts and figures, the poster also has multiple (again, meaningless) 'calls to action' that sound deep and inspiring but are ultimately idiotic. Anarchism is a childlike fantasy that has no place in reality. It cannot truly exist in any society. Humans are pack animals and despite it being in our best interests, the vast majority simply cannot conform to individual power. The best we can hope for is a Libertarian society with socialist elements, and a truly transparent democratic power that are the servants of the people, not our leaders.
@_date: 2015-12-19 11:45:18
Ahahaha holy shit what the fuck happened to this sub
We've truly gone completely cuckoo.
@_date: 2015-01-27 20:33:54
...understood. Sorry. I assumed due to the bipolar aura of this sub that your comment meant you believed him. My apologies
@_date: 2016-05-04 15:21:24
This is the BBC we're talking about. It's more likely it was just a lapse in critical thinking. Or poor journalism. 