@_author: thiscryptofail
@_date: 2018-10-15 02:35:24
so yes, if you read my original question, I asked what is an account.  Where do I get one, where do I see it?
I am more confused: "supplying the address of the account you want to use" - my question is where do I get an account?
Also "should return the account name associated with the bitcoin address you supplied", Jesus Christ, what I am trying to do is to get a new bitcoin address from the command line, I don't have an address to supply.
am I confused?  What is : getNewAddress() supposed to do?
What I am trying to do is:
1.  from the command line (or a program), get a new BTC address from a call to bitcoind running on my machine
2. Have that public/private key pair added to the wallet.dat in the data directory that I specified on startup.
If anyone can help with this, or explain what getNewAddress() is supposed to do, and why I have to pass it anything at all, other than the passphrase and location of my wallet.dat would be greatly appreciated.
Before answering, can you please look much into it? JFC.
I don't know how anyone would "create an account" in bitcoin-qt.  I have searched all over the UI, and no where does it say "create an account".  Please advise if you know how to create an account that I would reference, and why this even matters when generating a new btc address(pub/priv key pair).  Thank You.
@_date: 2018-10-15 02:29:22
Looking at the UI/ Bitcoin-QT (QT), there is no way to group addresses.  I only see addresses.  I don't see keys, and I don't see tx history (I have no transaction history yet).  I don't see how I would map any of these things in the UI, even if they existed and I could see them to a unique identifier.
Also all I want to do is to programatically get a new address from the command line, have that new address be generated along with the secret key and have it stored in my wallet.dat.  I thought this was what getNewAddress was for.
Also I have no idea why it would be necessary to pass any type of identifier at all, that is related to previous transactions to get a new bitcoin address, except for maybe the location and file name of my wallet.dat, and a user/password if it is protected somehow (so it can be unlocked to add the new address).
You response is appreciated, but it is not helpful.  It does not answer the question or give me information about where to get this information to pass to getNewAccount, and I am left in more confusion thinking I need to find a way to group some things in the UI, and from there generate a new unique identifier that identifies the group and god only knows why pass that to a function that I am led to believe will give me a new btc address.
I have a python program, from which I need to generate a new btc public address/secret key, and have it stored in my wallet.dat, that I can later open QT and inspect.  While I am generating the new address, I do not have QT open, just running bitcoind.
Thank You.