@_author: this_kills_the_btc
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:55:11
Probably about a hundred
@_date: 2014-07-03 07:06:49


How? You haven't explained how I am misinterpreting the second, and the first guy was clear - he said that he uploaded 7GB for every 500MB he downloaded. There's nothing to confuse in that.


Yes, so what? That data has to be transmitted to other nodes through the internet. That's the point.


This isn't true, because say I'm a guy who just downloaded the Bitcoin client. I have to download the entire blockchain from scratch. This means other nodes will have to upload the blockchain history to me.
But that is irrelevant to the more significant point anyway, which is that nodes have to constantly download and upload blocks every 10 minutes - so yes, they do need to keep sending 'it' to other nodes, all the time!


One thing I forgot to include was that those connections would likely be asynchronous for consumers. For instance I live in Australia, and here they plan to have 100/40 mbit asynchronous connections by ~2021-2025.
Consumers do not have 300 Mbit/s connections right now - especially not in terms of upload speed. There are some isolated examples - i.e. Google Fibre areas in some US towns/city sections, however these are extremely expensive projects and are not widespread infrastructure.
National infrastructure projects to provide 300 mbit/s connections would require massive capital investment and take decades if undertaken today.
You did not address my point about data blocks being expensive. You see even if people do have 300 mbit/s connections, there is not enough capacity in the international sea cables to supply such a large amount of data. Remember, we are talking about *thousands* of terabytes of data every year per node.


You are not too lazy to explain, as demonstrated by the fact you have taken the time to reply, but rather you have no explanation.
As my title suggests, the developers and people like you are afraid that potential buyers will realize the truth about the matter - that this is a fatal flaw in the Bitcoin protocol with no possible solution - and so you resort to knowingly employing fallacies and lies (as you have just admitted!) to do away with concerns.
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:45:07


How? It's no good stating 'they just will solve it', burrowing your head in the sand and hoping for the best.
It's not just a matter of paying for a service which generates zero revenue, it's about technical feasibility. There simply isn't the internet bandwidth, not even a decade or two from now, to allow for Bitcoin to become a network equal to Visa or better.
@_date: 2014-07-03 06:25:31


It could be less than that, or it could be in excess of that. The number of connections can actually currently hit 125, and that's only an artificially imposed limit.
Note also that there are other less significant factors which attribute to extra data use as well.
According to [this post]( 14 times as much data is uploaded as is downloaded.
Going by [another example]( it seems it could be 77 times as much uploaded! Unless I'm interpreting those metrics incorrectly.
Even if you take the lower figure of 14x, that's still a hell of a lot of upload bandwidth.


If you refer to the image I posted, you'll see I say it is feasible, but that there are two big problems with this:
1) Internet connections with this kind of bandwidth will not be widely available in developed countries until at least 2020-2030, and that's assuming plans actually speed up from what they are now.
2) Only a small number of large, centralized entities has or will have access to this sufficient connection speed, and especially when it comes to the amount of bandwidth. And what such company would do it for free?
Also as I point out, the international sea links between countries and continents simply don't have the capacity for this amount of data, and they are extremely expensive to build, lay and maintain. This is where the infeasibility part comes in when it comes to the internet bandwidth limitation.


I'm glad you think so, but I suspect that many or most people here believe that Bitcoin will rival Visa *before* 2020.


Ah, the old argument from authority fallacy - and my personal favorite, 'You can't prove God doesn't exist, therefore you can't claim he doesn't exist!' (i.e. argument from ignorance fallacy).
@_date: 2014-07-03 05:34:54
Note for a possible counterargument I did not include a response to:
'Pruning' does not decrease the amount of data a node has to download and upload. They have to download and upload the blockchain data in full, and this is the main issue - far greater a problem/threat than the hard drive capacity issue.