@_author: thisisgettingworse
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:03:42
Whatever.  First, you need to download the entire blockchain, then you need to sift through the damned thing (it's pretty big you know) and use christ knows what to actually find the encoded images. 
This story is like saying 'the internet contains child porn, anyone logging on to it can be arrested and it is to be banned'.  
Oh and the reports don't say there is certain cp on the chain, it says 'suspected'.  This doesn't mean shit.
@_date: 2018-03-07 02:52:38
Cambodia is one of the poorest nations on earth.  It had a few years of Marxism and the Marxist government encouraged the murder of all intelligent people.  If you wore glasses you were killed, had a decent job, went to university, worked in an office all killed.  They spent 11 years murdering anyone who had a shred of intelligence.  What's left?  An Asian country full of people with 'African' IQ levels, and with low IQ comes all the usual - extreme corruption at all levels of society, an almost psychopathic mentality of the people towards each other (not a caring society), greed, vice, high levels of alcoholism etc.
Their main currency is us dollars because their own currency is worthless.  I doubt Cambodia has anyone in it who is capable of producing a crypto currency.  Go there, they are beyond stupid.  
This is what Marxism does to a country.
@_date: 2018-03-07 02:26:44
I disagree.  Once government regulation comes, which it will, it will see laws which give the owners of privacy coins prison time and, or, heavy fines.  The UK police have already notified the government on the problems they are having tracking 'terrorist and criminal' money on privacy chains.  
Bitcoin is a public ledger, that's it's point.  It removes corruption if used by corporations because the transactions are public, you can see where money is leaking in or out.  For the average user your finances remain anonymous because you create a new address for each purpose.  
Privacy coins are a great idea, but also the most likely to be the first target of government regulation.  Just watch, I'll guarantee that privacy coins will begin to be tied more and more to terrorists and child molesters in the mainstream media, then the Gvt will step in and say 'if you own a privacy coin you will go to prison under anti terrorism laws and also be entered in category 1 of the sex offenders registry'.  
ICO regulation will happen after this.  Anyone who can't already see this is blind.  Bill Gates was talking about privacy coins, specifically Monero when he spoke about crypto causing deaths and being linked to serious crime.  Because Monero has been used for killings, child sex trafficking, snuff movies, selling of illegal weapons, hard drugs and extortion.  Yet people think governments will just sit back and allow a coin that facilitates tax evasion by the scum, I mean the normal people?  Get real.
@_date: 2018-03-09 06:03:33
Not quite true.  Crypto is based on demand only, the supply side has very little to do with it in reality.  It is all dependent on how much people are willing to pay.  If everyone just decided they weren't going to pay a cent over $1 for a BTC the price would be $1 instantly.  This isn't like a normal investment, BTC isn't like say Apple, they produce goods, those goods have a real value (even if just a scrap value), the company has premises and other investments (which are also worth something).  BTC is worth 0 - so it doesn't matter about the actual quantity on offer, it has a real value of nothing.  It is solely driven by what you are willing to pay and that is emotional.  
This Mt.Gox news could send the price to 0, and you could hodl as much as you like, but it'll still be worth nothing if nobody is willing to buy it.
@_date: 2018-03-07 02:38:18
XMR is linked to child sex trafficking, contract killings, the making and supply of pedophilic materials, illegal weapons, hard drug supply, tax evasion, terrorism and an assortment of other highly illegal activities.  
The only reason you want this coin is because you want to rape children.
This is how easily governments will ban privacy coins.  The mainstream media have already started putting this bullshit in people's heads.  By next year if one of your neighbors finds out you own XMR or other privacy coin they'll be getting a posse together to smash your door in and kill you for being a child rapist.
One piece of advice.  Stay the fuck away from any and all privacy coins.  They are the first target of government regulation and will become instantly worthless at any point.