@_author: thisguyecons
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:02:20


No, actually. It could be misinterpreted that way, but without writing a novel my point was that the majority of the reason this won't die is because of the critical mass having been reached. Even in an unexpected and monumental downturn the network would still exist in large enough numbers to recover and stay healthy.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:11:36


100% correct. I am not saying that though.
The market cap *is* a good sign, but what is a better sign is the absolutely gigantic network of people that has been created.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:39:15
Income may often correlate with knowledge, but as we all know correlation does not imply causation.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:14:00
Totally AGREE!
Very uncharted. Uncharted as in, zoom out of the dotcom bubble graph 1,000,000x, and place bitcoins future above it all and project out 100's of years. You will see that this "huge bubble" that people are calling it right now is just the size of your hand on a graph that ends up stretching hundreds of feet high.
And yes, that means we could see 6-7 figure corrections in the long run, but it will be healthy and not even truly impactful considering the overall size of the graph. THAT is how big we are talking.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:35:12
I'm trying to be short for most of these answers tog et to everyone and then elaborate if I didn't answer well or the rest couldn't be inferred or they wanted to know more...
To answer you briefly, I would say that you are in a way correct that it is in a sort of faux-bubble, but the thing about digital markets is that there is what is called collective lock-in. There will truly be a good number of those people that are in it for a quick buck, but some of them who are greedier and hold on a bit longer (still with the intent of making gains and getting out - even if it turns from a short to long position) will actually end up as part of the network itself, and maybe exit some of their position, but not all of it. It's in my opinion that for every person that exits completely with their fast money, there is another whom will be locked in and won't ever completely exit because they want to *keep* making that fast money, this in turn bolsters the network, further perpetuates the idea of the critical mass and helps to keep the network alive even in downturns.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:08:35
I like to think of bitcoin as something that needs to be zoomed out 1000x.
Yes, if you consider 2017 as it's primary year of growth and start from there it seems bubbly, but throw the dotcom and housing bubble under that graph, and then project out 50-100 years.
If you zoom out enough, it WILL take HUGGEEEEE corrections down the road, but those will dip to points so damn far above where it started. THEN, keep zooming out more, you're going to see an incredibly healthy market that is just so fucking gigantic that it's hard to see anything but a bubble until you are looking at it from an insanely zoomed out point of view. The little graph of the dotcom bubble will look like a tiny fingernail sized thing down at the start of the timeline, and bitcoins graph will be like a gigantic mural, covering the entire space of the wall from bottom to top, where the dotcom bubble's peak is only at .01% of the walls entire height.
When you zoom out that far, add in the dips and stuff, you see that we are in store of incredibly large corrections 5-10 years down the road, we're talking sometimes 6 figure corrections, but in the grand scheme if zoomed out enough, it looks like a totally normal and healthy graph. It's just when you set the min-max parameters too small it looks like a huge bubble, but you gotta zoom out as far as you can go and then times that by 100. You can't even zoom out enough to see it properly is what I am saying. It's healthy, it just looks unhealthy and ready to pop when you compare it to things it can't be compared to.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:23:22
John Drabicki.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:26:36
General theoretical influences? Like do I support Keynes, Smith or pick and choose philosophies between them etc?
To be short, I side with a lot of Friedman (don't take that as "this guy loves Milton" though), but he is mostly against Keynes, and in some certain regards I do disagree with him as I think that Keynes as off-base as he could be did have some good underlying points and theories.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:27:15
I had an undergrad scholarship. (National Merit Finalist)
I am paying back loans on my Masters.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:37:53
I apologize, but if I simply said - "I know why bitcoin isn't a bubble - trust me" the large majority of comments would be: "WHY, and what makes you so special" to which I would have to then divulge what I have already put in this title.
It's a catch 22 in a way.
Again, my apologies.
@_date: 2017-12-12 23:14:47
I'm not interested in debating my credentials. I don't need to. I know who I am, and I only stated them because if I didn't over half the comments would be asking for them. Catch-22.
 &gt; spill your thoughts here and I will try to address them in a *tangible* manner
I am not attempting to blast reddit with technical economic jargon and theory. I am just interested in having an open layman's conversation that is based in something outside of pure speculation. My thoughts are opinions at best, but they aren't 100% speculative either.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:22:31
Eller Business College, University of Arizona
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:36:55
I'm trying to keep at least some sort of level of anonymity here :p
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:31:05


As a game theorist I don't really vibe that well with Praxeology. It's underlying theme is that everything we do is a purposeful engagement, but as game THEORY has proven to me, as much as we would like to be able to model things, no one person is a perfectly rational econ, and many of our engagements ARE reflexive and irrational, but that's what got me into Game Theory in the first place is to be able to model what should happen in a perfectly rational game - how that differs from the real world - and what the implications behind those differences can teach us about how to better the models so they include some irrationality/reflexive-nature to an extent.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:54:21
To that I would say: if your* speculation ends up being reality, then this would play out far more like companies like Amazon. A bubble would pop, but the underlying technology and network would still exist (remember...critical mass) and it would recover over a long period and grow to be a giant. I simply don't see bitcoin disappearing altogether, and I would strongly disagree that $2k is ever a possibility again - but we are here speculating and theorizing and I do understand that so I will not say you are wrong because that is not completely fair.
@_date: 2017-12-12 22:50:35
The corrections exist already. They are simply not classical corrections, but that is because bitcoin is not a classical investment. 


You make a good point in regards to the underlying idea, but do remember that many technological adoptions that are part of our day-to-day lives now are variations of failed companies/ideas that came ahead of their time.
This is actually my sole issue with BCH. It strives to be a peer-to-peer payment system with low to no fees and fast tx's, but it's trying far too hard to be ahead of its time. 
Even WV bros, Charlie Lee, and other major names in the industry all agree that BTC is purely a store of value for now - and that is OK.
To think that BCH could be as common as a VISA payment in the next few years is just wildly delusional. It's a basic cognitive bias. They are in the world of crypto and aware of every way it is being adopted and how fast it is coming into play, but they fail to realize that no government is going to let you say - pay your income taxes with BCH. 
Fiat has underlying value. It will be here for a while. Until then, we have time to build a gigantic network, take over slowly and efficiently instead of pushing ahead - which produces results, but typically not quality results - let fiats devalue over time and then be fully adopted as the global payment system. At that point, if BTC hasn't got it's tech together, it could easily become strictly a store of value and something like BCH or LTC could very well be the  day-to-day payment method.
To think that vision is going to become a reality in a flash just because cryptos have gone viral is nothing but ignorant. They are in danger of killing a very good thing for no reason but to push their agenda too quickly. Roger Ver, as much of a two-bit greedy guy as he can be according to the public, is right about BCH - but he isn't a true entrepreneur, he is a salesman when it comes down to it. 