@_author: thlst
@_date: 2017-12-21 14:32:51
Restrictions don't go against libertarianism. It's only when the government does that.
@_date: 2017-02-01 13:28:38
I see your point here, but information is information, you can't argue against it. For a practical example, let's take a look at how CPUs optimize branching by learning through the information and guessing the next move.
First of all, branching means your code can take multiple paths. And taking a specific path means that you had to make a choice: if something turns out to be true, then take this path, otherwise take that path. Branching may take several CPU cycles if they occur inside a loop, so generally branching is a slow process. So, instead of always waiting for the choice to make a decision, the CPU will try to guess the next choice. How does it do that? By simply learning the choices pattern. There are two common scenarios when branching: a choice that is likely to be true, and one that is unlikely to be true. If a given choice evaluates to true very often, then the CPU will save cycles (therefore time) by picking the true-path in a faster way (i.e. take the overhead of taking the false-path away from the true-path). If the CPU picks the wrong path (because the choice evaluated to false), then it will eat several cycles until the false-path is picked instead.
OP's data is to the choices what the arrows are to the CPU's branch guesser.
@_date: 2017-01-05 22:18:29
You failed at assuming that "money" is a number. If you do that, then obviously nothing makes sense as you said. But money isn't just a number. It's information. It's how people make rational decisions upon prices. This is how you know where a resource has to go to, or who has to buy what, because you put the decision to the individual, and it drives the economy just like this, moving resources to the right places. This is how a farmer knows who to sell his food, he'll sell to those that are willing to pay more. This is how people buy food, they'll buy those that are cheaper, but some other people wouldn't mind to pay more to get something different (or with better quality in their mind). If the farmer loses half of his food (because of e.g. some natural catastrophe), then he'll start selling his food for a higher price now that he can't profit anymore with the normal price. Then the number of people buying the farmer's food decreases, and this product now becomes expensive. Finally, the people in market choosing their food will see the price rise, then come to a conclusion that they're better off buying something else than paying this new high price. This system, which we call capitalism, solves a huge problem of resource location. Resources go to where it's needed more (because prices).
Say every price now is equal, so every food in the world costs $5 now. How would you know where to sell your food? Who to buy from? Where to send resources, how to make rational decisions?
@_date: 2016-12-16 18:38:40
That's what the report button is used for.