@_author: thointin
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:57:42
not hating on coinbase but pretty concerned. I hope some of you could put me at ease. yesterday when coin base was "down" i had no idea it was down. I watched the market almost  all day waiting for the right time to bite. Eventually when the crypotos (BTC, LTC, ETH) were low enough i tried to make a purchase. It said it went through but i never recieved the confirmation email, nor did it come up anywhere as a pending transaction. I guess within the hour i tried a few more times since it had seemed to fail and had no such luck. I look this morning and i have 7 transactions. I can definitely not afford this. Is there anything i can do to cancel a few orders? I am also confused because in the past when i had try to make a purchase with not enough funds in my bank account the transaction was declined and i was notified via email. None of this happened so i have thousands waiting to be taken from my bank and I dont even have that much money in my account. How can i cancel some orders? what will happen to my account? thank you for the help.
@_date: 2017-11-30 17:55:17
not hating on coinbase but pretty concerned. I hope some of you could put me at ease. yesterday when coin base was "down" i had no idea it was down. I watched the market almost  all day waiting for the right time to bite. Eventually when the crypotos (BTC, LTC, ETH) were low enough i tried to make a purchase. It said it went through but i never recieved the confirmation email, nor did it come up anywhere as a pending transaction. I guess within the hour i tried a few more times since it had seemed to fail and had no such luck. I look this morning and i have 7 transactions. I can definitely not afford this. Is there anything i can do to cancel a few orders? I am also confused because in the past when i had try to make a purchase with not enough funds in my bank account the transaction was declined and i was notified via email. None of this happened so i have thousands waiting to be taken from my bank and I dont even have that much money in my account. How can i cancel some orders? what will happen to my account? thank you for the help.