@_author: thomaspepperz
@_date: 2017-11-02 07:43:07
You may have assisted me in recovering like 100k; I'll let you know within the week.
@_date: 2017-11-09 02:03:12
I've recovered one Coinbase account of two (the earliest of the two accounts) for a whopping total of 0.0002 BTC; however, I did not expect much out of this account.
I am still awaiting access to the other account through a process Coinbase calls "account merger" where they verify the user owns both accounts (did not ask me for any verification or anything (took my word for it)) and transferred the fund from the inaccessible account to my current account in the form of an off-chain transaction, the possibility of which really disturbs me.
The account I'm awaiting access to, I'd hope there's at least a tenth of a bitcoin in there. Given I opened it when bitcoin was valued at ~$20.00 a piece around then, it would be a good day to discover I had 10.00 BTC; however, this was also the time btc-e first listed LTC and I was fond of it too...
@_date: 2017-11-09 02:12:34
Ask me in another week not about millions, but tens of thousands. First account, dud. Second account, stud?
@_date: 2017-11-09 02:11:04
Feel free to ask for guidance on how to recover a Coinbase account, the email to which you've lost access to for verification purposes though you have the actual Coinbase account password.
Essentially you create a new account and verify everything you possibly can including photo, ID, bank info, et cetera.
Then you send coinbase support an email about it the situation.
Then you wait until it's 6:00 pm Pacific time and you call Coinbase support and press '1' (you are prompted to press '1' if your account has been 'compromised' (and it's my opinion that if I am unable to access my account, then it has been 'compromised')).
Then wait on hold via speaker phone while southbound on I-25 to Denver for thirty minutes until someone answers you. Tell that person your story and that someone from Coinbase support had emailed you regarding your situation, instructed you to create another account (which you have completed verifying) and that you needed to call up support by phone and request that "my case be 'escalated' and forwarded to a specialist to review my account and that I would be contacted in a followup for additional information and that if approved my inaccessible account would be merged with my current account, is this true (blink blink innocent face)????
If the person who answered isn't helpful then try again. I always say if mom says 'no,' then ask daddy and daddy was kind to me this week.
You will be put on hold several times. Try to not sound like you are a Nigerian Scam Prince and be polite and unassuming and you will be told that your case has been escalated and placed with a specialist who will contact you. 50-50 you won't be contacted.
You will receive an email verifying what the support technician told you by phone.
48 hours later you receive a notification that 0.0002 BTC (my case) has been transferred to your account from Coinbase (via off-chain transaction (which in my opinion is evil per existence)). 
Still waiting on second, hopefully more lucrative account merger.
Follow me at TW: Thomas_Pepperz
@_date: 2018-04-29 19:36:33
Awesome insight. This is why I love Reddit.