@_author: thomassowell_alpha
@_date: 2019-04-04 05:27:40
Say what you will about MacAfee, but he is running one of the most interesting Presidential Campaigns at the moment.  
He is literally on the run, for tax evasion, and running for president, while live streaming him being drunk and high.
@_date: 2019-04-12 02:11:09
Cry as it goes down, and think about your yatch as it goes up.
@_date: 2019-04-04 05:33:48
What are some predictions for the next few hours?  
I think it will go up a little bit. Then fall again, before heading upwards again
@_date: 2019-04-12 02:23:52
haha lul wat. Hope you didn't, that's pretty funny.
@_date: 2019-04-12 01:58:15
And below $5000 we go
@_date: 2019-04-04 05:38:30
What is this Satoshi Ping Pong. sounds like we could all mutually beneefit
@_date: 2019-04-04 05:18:25


@_date: 2019-04-04 06:51:15
Yeh, most of the movement was idiots attacking Wall Street for shit caused by the government, not the people on wall street.  
But in reference to this guys explanation of things, I would say the whole movement was created and pushed by the "government/shadow government" to shift the blame, and  obfuscate the real bad dudes.
@_date: 2019-04-12 01:11:11
Is there a cost to move your bitcoin to a cold wallet.
Like is it worth it to move 0.00618439 to another wallet, or would the costs be too high at such a low price point
@_date: 2019-04-04 06:49:14
That's why the free market is better than government monopolies.   
Corruption will most likely occur in any kind of power hierarchies that humans are involved with. So the best way to fight the unstoppable corruption, is, like you say, to give it less chance to occur.
Just like with crypto markets. Some groups will be bad, and there isn't much we can do about it. But the decentralized nature of crypto and the exchanges has lead to most people being able to find good markets that they can trust.
Crypto is a great example of the free market at work. It has some bad guys, but the overall freedom of it, minimises the power the individual bad actors have on the rest of us.  
@_date: 2019-04-12 02:19:49
3 hours later, and This didn't age well
@_date: 2019-04-04 06:08:02
To be honest, I have no idea what lightning is. I assume that it's is some kind of wallet, or something.
Would you be able to explain what they are, and what the benefit of this ping-ponging is?
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:47:37
His point is that he wants to buy this dip, but doesn't want it too disappear before he can move his fiat
@_date: 2019-09-24 23:10:09
Your just upset you suck at TA
@_date: 2019-09-24 23:09:52
No it's to get the gains that you pretened aren't there.
@_date: 2019-09-24 21:18:36
Sounds like someone is just shit at TA. Keep thinking it's stupid if you want. I am just laughing at you all the way to the bank
@_date: 2019-05-24 11:09:07
Great adhomin attack. Real smart
@_date: 2019-05-24 08:18:42
Do you honestly think that 10% of kids would start lemonade stand, and enough people would buy lemonade from them all to keep them going indefinitely, and that they would be open every day for 8 hours a day? 
If that where the case, do you not think that many people would be happy with the lemonade stands, because they would be buying enough of it to keep them open?
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:19:47


You are fogetting how they actually make money though. From consumers. They have to offer things that consumers want. So if somehting is less ethical, and people still buy it, is it really a problem, since this apparently ethical issue, does not matter to the consumer, it's only an ethical issue in your mind.   
Do you think htat if we removed child labour laws, that everyone will now start shopping from stores with staff undter 10 years old? If people do, is that really unethical?, since a llarge number of people are doing it, without thinking it's unethical.
@_date: 2019-05-28 03:33:26


Is it objectively safer to eat from a salad bar, and not mcdonalds because mcdonalds will make you fat and die earlier? Are low income families not currently forced into these situations?
Also, do you seriously think that resturants are would be staying open if they are making people sick and killing them?
Also, do you think that currently everything is actualyl checked and regulated? Like how do you even know. Where can you go to check the reults of all the inspections? where can you see which part of the last inspection your favorite restrunt failed? How do you know the chinese restruant didn't just pay off the government contractor, who is just doing the job for the money? How do you know that the regulations that a government run by president Trump would create and uphold are any good?
It honestly makes more sense that we would be safer, and have more inspections of food places if we had a proper private regulatory market. The government is just a shitty monopoly doing a job. THe private sector can do the same job, but it won't be a monopoly, and competition, will mean that the regulatory businesses will have a vested interest in policing eachother, so that they can hopefully xcall out their competitiors for shady practices and hopefully get rid of them.


Lol, this is dumb. Why not? I personally wouldn't shop from there, because I don't recognise that certificate, and by googling them I saw that you could just print it off. Why the fuck can't a business pull that shit, and then they go out of business because no one wants to buy from them, because they are lying about being regulated. I would personal;y only trust places regulated by regulatory bodies that I trust. And even then, probably only places that have multiple certificates from competeing businesses so that I know that they are very likely to not be lying, as those companies have a large interest in proving that the other regulators are full of shit.  
It's just basic economics, and business. I don't know why it's so hard to grasp. Your arguments have been so low iq, a highschooler could have responded. You have to remember what insentives people have, and also that you as the consumer shouldn't blindly just assume every business uis fine, and what thye sell won't have a negative effect on you.   
The government isn't your mother, and it's job shouldnt be to hold your hand.
@_date: 2019-05-24 08:16:07


Still doesn't mean anything, when we are talking about a limited number of licences. You could still have food laws, something from a grill that hasn't been cleaned in years, where its rusting through and I'm getting rust chips in my burger, where the buns are stored in moldy shelves, etc...
I definitely don't. That's why I don't buy from places like that. Why  would you ever buy from a place like that? Why do you need the government to hold your hand, and use force to stop someone selling something that you have just said you don't want to ever have? 


Yep, that's the rhetoric spread by the people who made rules. Regulatory capture is a problem. I assume I don't have to explain to people on a Bitcoin subreddit why a decentralized non governmental regulated marketplace is a good thing? 


I just don't see why the government has to do this job? Why can't places that sell food, seek out there own regulations organisations, and conform to their standards to continue to keep the certificate. You can then choose to buy products that are certified, instead of hoping that the politicians have voted for the correct regulations, and that the monopoly of government contracters are doing everything correctly, and not accepting bribes, or being inefficient. Places may forgo having some stamp of approval, and you as an consenting human, gets to choose if you do or don't want to buy from an uncertified place.
These kinds of private regulations already exist in many forms. Like chocolate that has sustainable farming status, or, RSPCA approved Meats, or, halal certified food, ect...
Basically, I am not against regulations per say. Just the idea that the government should have a centralised monopoly over them.
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:15:09
There are literally Millions of people crowding up the streets of NYC, yet you think, hundereds of kids (who already exist in the area, so aren't adding to population) are going to crowd things up, your crazy.  
Like do you seriously believe that child run lemonade stands will generate so much business that hundereds of them will be constantly operating?  
And even if that where the case, why would you tell them they can't sell lemonade which thousands of people are obviously buying, and supporting there business.
@_date: 2019-05-29 00:42:40


Wait, so you actively like to seek out nice mom &amp; pop resturants, but you are affraid that they won't be nice, and you willl get poisoned instead? Those don't sound like nice mom &amp; pop shops to me. Like how are they a nice shop if they fake there regulations? That makes them fucked in my eyes.  
You also are being selfish again, acting like the government exists to make your life in particullar easier for you, so that you can just not have to think about your safety, and just assume someone else is taking care of it, and it's being paid for by taxing other people.  


It's also a concern currently, and if you have met any resurant owner, they don't want to poison there customers, That is how you go out of business. People sue you. Also there is still no gauruntee currently that they are following the rules, and that they have even been inspected by the government, let alone a compotent inspector. IMO it's way, way scarier to live in the current situation where you just hope the government is doing things right, and choosing the right regulations. and you just have to role with it. At least in a world with choice, I can choose to avoid places that do not seem to be properly certified. Sorry mom &amp; pop, but if you can't prove you are a safe place to eat, I don't care how interesting their food is, I only eat where I know it's safe.  


1. People could sue him for poisoning them, with food that he advertised as a consumable good.
2. People could sue him for falsy claiming to be certified. 
3. Private regulatory bodies would sue him for falsely claiming to be certified by there brand.
4. People should be free to buy from a sus hotdog vendor and face the consiquences. 
5. And the most likeley outcome, is that most people don't buy from him, and he goes out of business, because no one would buy hotdogs from a random uncertified street vendor, unless they really didn't care about their lives.


People should know not to buy shit from uncertified street vendors. Or they don't care. And that is there  prerogative. Like we don't stop people from buying fast food, which does cause long term health consequencess if you consume too much. because that is a personal choice. If you want to get fat and die young, go for it. it is your life. Same thing, if you wnat to eat uncertified street hotdogs, from a guy you have never seen, then that is your choice, You face the consiquences.
@_date: 2019-05-21 00:18:01
Don't you take a loss though, for the transaction of the bitcoins from your exchange to the cold wallet?   
For someone like me with \~$100 on an exchange, is it even worth it, with the amount i'd lose from the transfer
@_date: 2019-05-28 03:27:53


Patrol is the wrong word, but yes. I certainly expect any business to get very pissed off, and pursue legal punishment against anyone that pretened to be regulated by them. Or just pretened to be affiliated in any way. THink about this. If I have a private regulatory company, I have a vested interest in showing that my regulated businesses actually conform to the regulations I set, otherwise businesses and consumers wouldn't trust my brand. So if I allowed shaddy businesses to kill patron under my regulatory name, that would be very, very, very, bad ofr my business, so iwould actively be trying to stop that from happening.  
Further to that, do you seriously believe that all current resturants aren't faking it? or that the government contractors, who operate in a monopoly, can't just be easily paid off?


Glad you recognise that.








And in a private regulatory world, most poeple would make the personal choice to only shop from places that have certifications they agree with. Meaning, every place people actually end up going to will get hit. And for the few places that people go, which go unregulated, hat is there own personal choice. Who the fuck am I to say that Sally can't go buy a hotdog made on a dirty rotten hotplate? it's her life. Like if she wants to go to mcdonalds every day and get fat, that is a health risk, but she gets to make her own choices, and all the people who don't want to get fat, make the choice to not shop at mcdonalds. It's fucking simple.  


Why does someone need to hit all the resturants? Why don;'t you be a fucking human and use your brain, and only shop at places that have been hit by regulations you agree with. Vote with your feet. Don't give money to businesses that can't be fucked to even prove they have a clean kitchen. Why is this the governments job to hold your hand like its your mother?


Again, why are you shopping from a place that you don't even recognise it's regulatory body. You could at least google it, in like 1 minute and look on something like reddit to see what people say about the company, and if it's even real.   
and for the companies that fake being regulated by real organisations, those real organisations have a massive vested interest in making sure that never happens, as if something goes wrong, their brand will suffer, and people will stop trusting them, and in turn businesses will stop using them for certification, and in turn they will go out of business. And if there is one thing we know about greedy capitalists, it's that they want to stay in business and make as much money as they can. And they can't make money, if people don't trust the priduct being sold by them.  


Firstly, as I already said, the companies would in fact, be checking this kind of thing or they face losing customers. No business is goign to pay for certification if the certification gets faked by businesses all the time. (not to mention shit gets faked all the time int the current system)   
Secondly, The people who go into the store, and see the regulation certifications are will be the ones to check. Here is an example of a very simple system that i see being implimented. When you are certified you get a certification sticker / certificate, to display in the store or online or whatever. This certificate then has a QR code, or a link to the regulators website, where they verify that the business is infact verified by them. So if you come accross a place that is lying, you can fuckign call them out on it, tell everyone in the store, and inform the regulatory company. They then can pursue legal action again people faking there branding, and then less people will fake things, because it is very hard to get away with, and has harsh consiquences associated.   
None of this is hard to think about, I don't know why easily corrupted government monopolies that cannot be replaced, or out competed giev people sucha hard on.
@_date: 2019-05-28 09:48:28
Things dont work because people like you keep voting to fund and regulate everything using the government, making everything shit. If you people could fuck off for a second we could have a nice world.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:38:13
To some. But we know exactly how much it mattered to this guy.
@_date: 2019-05-24 08:01:15
The problem there is force. Not the actual act of the kid running there business.
@_date: 2019-05-28 03:08:14


lol. are you dumb? Why the fuck would you eat at a place that you don't know if the kitchen is clean? What the fuck is wrong with you. Go to a licensed, and regulated restrunt, with a regulatory and licencing body that you trust. It should be your own responsibility to look after your own health, so do your own due dilligence.


You don't need this kind of fucking law to have regulated food places. Eveyone, including the food businesses, have a vested interest in having clean and regulated business. If they want customers, they have to provide shit they want. No business wants to kill there customers, of give them a bad experience. Your insane if you think government is the only thing that stops a dangerous unlicenced restrunt world arrising.  


Because creating, and applying regulations like that is stupid for the government to do. If it is illegal to kill someone, I don't know why we need to tax people to pay government to make sure that places aren't killing people. Like there is already laws against killing people. What are more regulations saying you can't kill peole in your resturant going to do?  


If you seriously can't figure out what an unregulated marketplace, has to do with bitcoin, you must be one dumb motherfucker. BITCOIN IS AN UNREGULATED MARKET PLACE. That's what most people like about it. Thats why it's so explosive with its prices. Governments have no control over it. All they can do is control their citizens and the Fiat that they gain from bitcoin. Unregulated marketplaces are good.


Says you. The majority of the world, for most of history disagrees.


Sure. It should protect it's citizens and there claims to private property.  


Inspections of what? the country? our homes? businesses?  I assume in this context you are talking about restruants, and I disagree. I fail to see how government paid monopoly contractors, inspecting resturants for hazardous health conditions is any better than privatley paid free market contractors, inspecting resturants for hazardous health conditions. Actally the government version seems way worse, since it is too easy to bribe off those contractors, and then the public just has to assume that every resturant has been checked properly, and hope it's all good. Where as in the private regulatory business, you can see which regulatory bodies have checked the place, and you can evaluate how much you trust these bodies. plus a resturant could be smart, and get 3 or 4 different regulatory bodies to check them off, and that way consumers can be very sure, that they haven't just bribed a shady company.


Lol, you can't just say, "see the thing that doesn't explain it, for the explanation", thats stupid. Further more, since I disagreed with point 2, your point 3 makes no sense.  


well, welcome to the world we live in, where they already do.  


Well, you are the stupid consumer then, and that is your fault. How  can you not have heard of at least Halal certified? Maybe you don't know muslims, but muslims usually only eat halal certified products, that conform withtheir religious values. This is a form of self regulation businesses and products do, to attract religious customers, who want food that was prepared according to there religious traditions.  


Well that's your own fault. They are real, and you are uninformed. Your like a child, who can't do anything without asking mommy if it's ok. "Mother government, please check everything for me, because I can't even learn what a private regulation is, and just want to assume that mommy government checked everything for me, it's the only way I could be safe".   


WHAT FUCKING FOOD BUSINESSES MAKE MONEY FORM KILLING THERE CUSTOMERS? Where is the fuckign insentive to kill there customers? Why do you assume people will start dying if the monopoly that is government stops checking everything for you, and we leave it up to the privagte sector?
You just bring up all these false problems that are not even real issues. You have been brainwashed like most people to believe that government is the answer to most situations, and that it does the best for people.  
How well do you think the governemnt police do there job at protecting and serving? Last I checked most people think there are fucked. They kill people, yet it's there job to protect people. 
  
hmm... maybe government isn't actaully the godssent we pretened it is.
@_date: 2019-05-21 05:09:44
But that is pretty dumb. If it has no wireless card and no physical connections to the net, how can anyone external get into it without physically touching it?
@_date: 2019-05-21 01:40:44
Sorry, I am not talking about exchange transfer fees, I am talking about bitcoin transfer fees. Doesn't it cost you a certain amount of bitcoin to process a transaction on the blockchain? i.e. it will cost me bitcoin to move my bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-05-23 01:19:13
Or smart sellers are selling high, and reinvesting low.
@_date: 2019-05-28 02:13:06
What are you even trying to say?
@_date: 2019-05-21 03:38:23
All markets generally report a slightly different number.   
How different are the numbers?
@_date: 2019-05-24 11:12:40
1. Great job moving the goalposts to education.
2. How did she live up until this point, without knowing what a privately licensed or regulated place looks like? Or maybe she didn't care and it was her choice.


Why do you get to pass all responsibility over to the government?  Why can't you understand what I'm saying? You can have regulations, they can be good. But there shouldn't be a monopoly on those regulations.
@_date: 2019-05-23 06:46:45
Right now, it looks like everyone doesn't know what to do. All the traders trying to figure out if it will go up or down. Pretty tense. Either we smash it upward, of we will fall back a fair way I think.
@_date: 2019-05-24 07:59:58
Did you see where you used the word forced. That's the issue. By the same logic, even with licences the owner could still force children to be the workers.
@_date: 2019-05-21 00:21:15
Yeh, like SMS 2FA and keeping everything on the exchange is fine for me, with my less than $100 of coin. Not a huge loss, and not a huge incentive to steal.   
But 100,000k? Why would you do that?
@_date: 2019-05-28 09:56:11
Obviously you have never encountered things like this, because we don't live in that world. We are obviously talking about a change, and one that wouldn't happen overnight. But just because it doesn't exist now, doesn't mean it can never happen.
You seem to think that everyone is going to have to go around inspecting things, and researching or whatever to figure out where to get good food. But I highly doubt it would ever be very hard at all. There is 0 insentive for businesses to go unregulated. Unless they are some super suss ghetto Chinese restaurant, they will all want to be regulated. All chain restaurants would be regulated. How could a McDonald's store ever get away with poisoning someone? There is just no insentive at all for businesses to not get regulated, and go out of there way to show that they are better than the rest in terms of "regulations".
@_date: 2019-05-24 09:03:24
Because I believe that it would be better if we didn't involve the government in those things, and that the instead of trying to force other people to do things for us, we should seek out people who voluntarily would like to achieve similar goals. We don't need to use force.
@_date: 2019-05-24 09:19:30


You sound crazy just thinking that would be reality. And even if it was, why do we all need to be forced to act one way, just because You don't like it. 


"Kids having lemonade stands is bad because there could be lots of them, and think of the rubbish. Think of how all these kids will get exploited by adults. There parents will make them spend their childhood days, slaving away at a lemonade stand. There will be so much business, so the parents will have great reason to exploit them, and the public won't care, because hey, they are now getting heaps of cheap lemonade". 
It sounds silly doesn't it.


People being able to sell stuff in populated places is bad? None of it makes sense to me. What is the problem with people doing what they want? Why are you scared that other people will voluntarily trade items with eachother. Why do you get to live in a high population area, but demand that it not be "too" populated in a particular way?
@_date: 2019-05-24 09:13:24
Wtf dude. It's like you didn't even read my last comment. Did you understand anything I said about regulations not having to be from the government?


So you failed to check. Or at least go to a certified restaurant. Or one that allows you to see the kitchen area. That's your failing. 


Ok. That's you. Some hungry ass person might disagree. 


I don't see how you can be getting a product from a place, without "having been there". And anyway, you should go to a place that is certified, and not just hope that the Chinese restaurant is actually licensed, and has clean kitchens, because the government said they would do that. 


I never argued against regulations. I argued against government having a sole monopoly on regulations. At least read my comments if your going to reply.
@_date: 2019-05-24 09:59:59
There are countless fucking examples of markets regulating themselves. And why the rack can't people be free to buy in unregulated markets? Black markets will exist anyway if you try to suppress them.
@_date: 2019-05-24 04:48:46
The law isn't very good though. Why the fuck would people want to stop kids trying to be entrepreneurs?  
The same people that create and perpetuate stupid laws like permits for hotdog stands, are the same crony capitalist fucks, who stand to make a lot off these licenses. Fucking greddy crony capitalist fucks, ruining free markets and giving capitalism a bad name.
@_date: 2019-05-21 01:40:39
Sorry, I am not talking about exchange transfer fees, I am talking about bitcoin transfer fees. Doesn't it cost you a certain amount of bitcoin to process a transaction on the blockchain? i.e. it will cost me bitcoin to move my bitcoin?
@_date: 2019-05-29 00:21:32
Wrong