@_author: thomisticcajetan
@_date: 2016-12-03 00:34:34
picture is not there anymore, repost?
@_date: 2015-08-28 04:03:31
Lol its funny you use the knive example, but Circle bans you from buying knives. Ridiculous huh! Well that is what happens when you want to out do banking KYC stupid laws. Honestly I have attempted to give them all my info, and still my account is not approve. I am actually glad that it is not. Coinbase has a place, buts its only the gateway drug to bitcoin. Its kind of like using Ubuntu for Linux, after decades of using it, you kind of prefer to use your own custom scripts via Gentoo etc... Just so long as I have my choice that is all that matters.
@_date: 2015-08-28 04:06:33
The more I think about it, this is an attack on the fungibility of bitcoin. Best thing to do, is just switch or mix the coins, so that for their purposes they won't give you a hard time. Mixing services, won't work if you have some 3 letter agencies chasing you, but they are good enough to keep the trail off Coinbase, or at least I hope they are. Any testimonies out there that can say to the contrary? Would be interested in hearing them. 
@_date: 2015-08-31 21:41:44
Congrats :), you are 1337. Still have not made the change full time. I was using one of those Gentoo based ditro's for noobs, haven't done a Gentoo install on my own. 
@_date: 2015-08-28 04:04:17
What would happen if you mixed the coins first, and then used them. Would they still give you crap for it? Just curious.
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:59:42
Why would you want to own a coin that does absolutely really nothing different? Other than for giggles, maybe pump and dumping lol...
@_date: 2015-02-11 08:06:58
Or this is a crap story being fed to us. Does anyone seriously believe that such a Kingpin "mastermind" pull something so ridiculously stupid...
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:41:10
I agree not bitcoin, but you can bet they will use a cryptocurrency in the future. Fiat has long served its purpose, there is simply better ways of doing money now given that we have computer innovations etc...
@_date: 2015-02-11 08:27:29
lol after two days, he will need blood transfusions. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:56:28
I don't think you realize how easy it is to switch to an alt-coin once the technology has been implemented for bitcoin specifically. Just look at shapeshift.io, give it 2 years and technologies like this will make it one click to switch all in and all out into some other coin like nothing. 
The point is that everything that is built on top of bitcoin, gives the same added benefits to the other coins. At least the more serious ones for that matter, like Darkcoin and BitcoinDark that actually add some value.
Note: I have nothing invested in ANY crypto coins, simply because I am too poor. Just barely making it at the moment. 
Edited: Made a simple mistake one word fixed.
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:27:15
Yeah I have heard some of his youtube talks, but nothing much. Seems like a smart guy who generally does his homework. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 08:02:07
lol then inject it into your arm, they can't physically remove your insides.
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:46:20
Bitshares has already implemented this concept, by the way its not an "alt" coin. Its a totally different beast. In fact they are the only ones paying full time employment based on the blockchain. They pay 101 employees with the blockchain nobody else has done that, and this is done in a decentralized fashion. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:50:14
Yeah alt coins were invented to cover the costs of those who initially got pwned by ASIC's. I would say 99% of them really don't serve a real purpose, but they serve to help spread the message to people everywhere. So in a way they are a necessary evil many times. Also they allow for innovation to happen on the side without bitcoin having to do it. I.e. they allow for lots of experiments to happen simultaneously, there are two real examples that stand out DarkCoin and Bitcoin Dark. They seem like legit coins that stand out from all the crud, and then there are totally different cryptocurrencies such as Bitshares that really do not properly fall under the alt-coin category.
@_date: 2015-02-15 23:12:54
Yeah I would really love to use the service, but the 3% is really a stickler for me, if I was rich it would not matter. There are other alternatives, like having someone pay for your bill through a credit card or paypal,  (this is how I currently pay my bills, and SAVE money as opposed to have fee's). Heck even automated services compete with that %. Other than just being the only one doing the service in the states, that is the only advantage you have. 
Also do you even have recurring payment option, reminders etc... I have used your service before, and its been a while. However, I am just wondering what sort of features are you offering that would merit such a high fee? Why not let us choose, like $2 dollar flat fee, or 3% whichever is lower? At the end of the day businesses survive through either offering a better alternative to other existing solutions, or super convenience, or real competitive rates. 
Telling the customer "everyone else is doing it" is hardly comforting. That is the whole point of BTC and the great appeal to us, we can actually save money and have convenience at the same time. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 07:39:14
Rhodium, Total rhodium supply for 2008 was a mere 695,000 ounces. Hard to beat that, it is the top top rarest precious metal out there in terms of scarcity and demand. Which is why its so ridiculously expensive at times. Its not used as a currency, its either hoarded by those who think it will gain value or used in many industrial applications. 
@_date: 2015-02-11 00:33:31
Quit looking into market speculations and hoping to win some cash without work. Instead try to focus on the technology and how it can help you save money, or increase your productivity. 
If you are interested in some long term save your assets, you might want to look at Bitshares, concept such as bitassets. So take for example these currencies are backed by market pegged assets real closely to the price of Bitcoin, or any other alternative coin you can imagine, plus Gold, silver etc... 
The way it works these things are backed by the original Bitshares (its a 300% frational reserve banking collateral, think of it as decentralized semi-FDIC). Unless the original Bitshares TOTALLY collapse and I mean like in one day drop over 600% in value then you would lose like 50% of whatever your original asset is worth. If its over a short period of a month, you could very easily be able to get your assets before the collateral hits. Therefore the risk is so minimal, and there is still a chance for great returns especially in BitGold since the number one asset in the world that has always beat everything out there is Gold, except now you have it protected mathematically with all the benefits of BTC like protections. You could use shapeshift.io or bter.com exchange to get yourself some bitassets. Once again I warn you, Bitshares is very different than all the other cryptocurrencies you have so far heard of. So I would not really call it an "alt-coin." They try to focus on solving some of the market price volatilities in BTC while retaining the values of its blockchain benefits. Best of both worlds, wish you the best in your savings. Certainly would not like you losing any money, whether you are rich or poor.
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:44:29
Wow at Coinlab, bunch of wussies. Glad I never did business with them, 75 million that is a joke.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:36:38
Well not ALL alt coins are pump and dumps. Look at PPCoin it actually solves some problems that bitcoins might have in the future. I guess just inform people much better. Do you have any evidence to support that PPCoin for example is a pump and dump?
It is just another way to get some of the GPU's making some money off of their investment. Not sure what you might think, and yeah LukeJr he has done quite a bit for bitcoin. At the very least give him some respect for that. Thanks mate, God Bless.
@_date: 2013-04-24 20:30:38
Ignore the trolls, dude its not just about profits. It enhances the overall security of BTC. I.e. if you were a vendor that had a lot of stake in BTC for long term profitability wouldn't you have a much greater stake? 
Maybe you are too short sighted to see that. Take care.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:45:09
Canada is just pissed because no one is accepting their stupid Canadian mint money "MintChip." 
Just another way of them trying to even out the playing field.
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:21:42
First of all, if people are really interested they should bookmark it themselves. The problem with that wiki, is that it could produce some sort of "panic" by creating false stories... People posting on more trusted sites like Reddit, where people have some sort of reputation and can be accounted for is good enough for right now. Also they can be asked questions to see if they really lost coins, where as the other method gives you no way of verification.
People should stop using Windows as their main OS for keeping their coins. Going online is a scary thing, but I am glad that these things happen because it makes people realize that there is a big danger to going online. We are not talking just your BTC's but everything else.
Fraud happens everywhere, welcome to the real world. Keep your BTC wallet on a separate PC, with possibly a clean install of OpenBSD or some other clean linux install. With no other applications installed in it, other then your wallet. if you have a linux distro, then install SELinux and put the security at an all time high. Have no plugins installed in all your web browsers or nothing that is not needed. I.e. BE SMART, quit thinking that it won't happen to you. 
Security always comes at the expense of comfort. However, when it comes to the piggy bank it is definitely worth the extra effort. You don't even need a super computer for that. You can get A REALLY old pc to do this. This is much better advice then what you are telling others to do, which is simply go offline completely. Not a good idea if you are planning to ever spend your BTC's. 
You really should not have all of your life savings in BTC's unless of course you are doing well off and can live without that money. I think its a better thing to use BTC as a tool to move your real assets to other countries etc... That is the advice I would give to most people, but if you are a really smart guy and you know what you are doing. Then that is another story, but most people don't have the brains or the time to go deep into things. Therefore they should do best given the plate they have already. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:24:54
I am glad you are doing well, can you release some sort of numbers? I guess many people always wonder how this has helped you or the general reception of it. Thanks, take care. I am glad that it is working out for you, Bitcoin is awesome with happy customers.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:38:15
Alright, they started offering the courses now. Sweet stuff thanks to everyone who helped doing their own part. 
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:17:28
I am not sure about that, I am pretty sure that Uncle Sam might do something about that. As for me I am fortunate enough to be able to go outside the country if necessary. If you live close to the border, to canada or mexico or outside of the US then yeah. However for the most part I would not trust an ATM machine in USA because of the paranoia of government. I am certainly very eager to see them in action. I think everyone is pretty excited about that, it is certainly a mile stone.
@_date: 2013-04-26 19:47:40
Spread the word! :) Thanks for the website, this will come in handy pretty soon.
@_date: 2013-04-26 06:08:09
You learn and you live man, the guy is already wanting to probably shoot himself. Don't make things worse for him.
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:39:15
Alright you keep thinking that, not that I advocate banks closing down Bitcoin businesses. However, it will not matter because you already have things like bitspend. So long as there is still a way to buy any item you want online you are going to be okay. 
If they start doing that universally, people will be pissed and find a much better solution. You trust way too little in the laws of supply and demand. When you make something illegal, it will only move to a more friendly country and they will boom. Look at what torrent servers have done, they have been on pretty much every single part of the globe to provide the huge demand for them, and they have done incredible well as a result of it. 
@_date: 2013-04-23 22:50:11
Finally put the link, sorry about that! My bad :). Yeah these guys are a pretty big deal.
@_date: 2013-04-23 08:33:42
Good job, wish you the best.
@_date: 2013-04-24 08:21:55
Hey if you need help with my account, I have a dwolla (if you could transfer those dollars to dwolla and from dwolla to Mt.Gox does not take very much) and I would be willing to transfer it to you in BTC through Mt.Gox or whatever wallet you desire. I am a very honest man, if you need some proof I am more than willing to prove it to you. 
Sounds like your in a quagmire. Going to sleep let me know if you are interested in my offer.
@_date: 2013-04-25 10:51:31
Well the flawed assumption is that the 2/3's that are not in the internet do not have a majority of the capital. Now with mobile phones that is the number one way that people access the internet now. Plus even by your own assumptions that only 1/3 that is big enough of a market. All you need is a very basic internet connection to exchange BTC/LTC/PPC or whatever else you use. Plus you are not taking into consideration ATM type of machines that will exchange for your fiat money to crypto and back and forwards.
The power of human action is quite big, where there are problems there will always some entrepreneur that will make your life easier and in the end make everyone else's life easier even the poorest of the poor. They will have access to markets that no one has ever had before.
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:10:43
You will quickly be able to get it back :). 
@_date: 2013-04-25 10:58:50
Nice :) best wishes to the both of you. I will be opening up my own bitcoin business soon give us updates on how it goes.
@_date: 2013-05-05 10:12:04
I agree, just need to wait it out. There is only so much good will that smart individuals will have. The whole purpose of a crypto currency is to make it not have to "trust anyone" especially if its internet currency, lol. Who the heck would trust a random dude... Much less random dudes that are centralized :P.
@_date: 2013-05-01 00:36:43
Well my hope is that the thing actually works, but yeah I could see how people that care about that type of stuff not be too cool about that design :). Well they have finally delivered today, we'll see whats up.
@_date: 2013-05-05 08:45:08
Are those HD Radeons? I have one myself, pretty cool. I have a nice workstation myself happy to see that your investment was paid for :).
@_date: 2013-05-01 01:11:35
Can someone please put the link? Sorry not familiar with this website.
Edit: LOL Nevermind I kind of googled that. So embarassed, you might want to put NSFW, please. And kind of describe what the whole topic is about I was misled not good reddiquette. Thanks.
@_date: 2013-05-02 21:54:53
I am not sure if you are familiar with Luke Jr. He made his own mining pool, but he does that in his cfgminer charges a fee for BTC. So maybe you can be able to ask him about that and see how he does it. Thanks mate, wish you the best.
@_date: 2013-04-21 07:08:50
I am not so sure, that this is their own doing. Of course we can never know, but the US patriot act is the guilty one. Imagine the possibility of being closed down? Look at Bank of America and Bitfloor as an example, and there are many more. Its getting worse and worse.
I am not sure if its the psychopathic tendencies of asking for too much information (the whole purpose of bitcoin is to get away from that), or just a cover for anti-money laundering + anti- "terrorist" activities.
I will use OkPay, very little, I already have a verified account with them. Please keep updating us about your situation as I am sure many people would like to know whats up.
 Miserere nobis! Deus adjuvat nos.
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:02:33
We are already on a depression, the difference is that quantitative easing is helping us not see it to its full effects. As soon as the printing press (contraction of the money supply) stops, you will start seeing it at much worse levels. It will help out very much, because it is possible that people will lose faith completely in the dollar, and as a result of that put faith in bitcoin and increase its confidence to actual currency used in day to day life. Instead of gambling money. Many interesting possibilities.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:34:54
The current system is not even a hundred years old... I have no clue what you are talking about. 1970 Bretton Woods act the US goes off the gold standard completely, the world follows along with the US and start printing limitless funny money. A few banks have over 60% of the GDP of the United States, and not because they did jack to earn it... They just simply got the okay from government and added a few zeroes to the account balance books.
We did not always have fractional reserve banking, and certainly not to the extent that we have now. We used to have banks be backed up by precious metals, or something. The problem with banking before was always that they would print more notes then they really had in the bank with whatever the commodity backing it up. Banks solved one problem that was always a problem with other systems of money... They made things easier for entrepreneurs, and businesses. But that problem was an easy one to solve, just have a full proof system filled with lots of audits.
 Plain and simple, now tell me how are we going to get out of this quagmire, when they just keep adding more 0's to their theoretical funny money over there at the fed. 
It is interesting to see how SO LITTLE of our actual total GDP is in cash. The rest is just created out of thin air not even worthless paper to back it up, at least in BTC we can claim that it takes something to produce it, and the process is limited etc... You have no such system with the Fed's monopoly money.
I am not saying that BTC's are going to somehow going to over topple the current system. It merely gives people an alternative to the current system, so it already is serving its purpose as a complementary system. Yes there are more things that can be done to improve it, but it certainly will not be with your traditional old banks. Maybe Peer to Peer lending banks might be a better way, a long with a credit unionish combination. So long as the major business like bitpay, and bitspend are able to operate things will continue to run smoothly.
@_date: 2013-04-26 06:19:12
Yeah definitely repost whenever you have the website up and running.
@_date: 2013-04-25 10:56:19
Its a way you can stick it to the banks. Perfect man &gt;.&lt;, your awesome :).
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:03:45
P2P exchanges is the solution plus plenty of ATM's in every city. There could be some regulatory commission of people who are elected by the Bitcoin foundation or some reputable institution that understands the needs of bitcoin users privacy.
People that are doing TRUE illegal activities need to be put to jail, but there are a good majority of people that are getting cracked down because the government has become wicked now. If you are a God fearing person, you will become a good target by the state since all the people in power are a bunch of immoral control freaks.
@_date: 2013-04-27 00:44:35
Worst case scenario you can use bill for coins or bitspend, both ways even if they dont change their mind. However, on principle you should not buy from this guy. Now he will lose good and loyal customers.
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:57:43
Don't forget that the majority of Starbucks businesses are Franchises. So this is not "the main Starbucks." But rather someone who owns a franchise, that is my .02 bitcents. 
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:46:12
Ahahaha I second that feeling you got. When I got my first BTC's, and put a bunch into it, and then I kept typing my password and it would not accept it. I had a ridiculously long password so I noticed that I had a typo that I kept doing. Ohh man, talk about increasing your blood pressure instantly. Giving you an early stroke in life. That's when I realized that when it comes to BTC's you have to be paranoid as to how you have all your backup's, type your passwords VERY carefully, and you can NEVER be too careful.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:29:07
Give them to whoever you think deserves it, period :). Some guitar player on the street playing some awesome tunes thank him for it.
@_date: 2013-04-30 08:01:10
Alright troll, banks are not a part of the problem. You are probably the most deluded individual I have spoken with. 
I have clearly shown EVIDENCE, none of which you have even remotely attempted to refute. I don't care if you disagree, but an educated person attempts to logically refute my "stupidity." But nevertheless, I am not saying that everything I have put is air tight. However, you were asking about scenarios in which we can be able to base the new economic system, BASED ON non-traditional banking. I attempted to answer some of them, the only thing you do is rant and rant about absolutely pure non-nonsense. Without banks, wahhh we are going to die, someone hold my hand and do something about it.
Wahhh, without regulations the whole thing will go down. Already right now, you can do everything that you want with BTC. It would be nice for the masses to adopt it, but it is not necessary to fulfill the purpose of BTC. There is not one article, not one thing that you mentioned with your "facts" other then wanting us to just worship your opinion and bow down to it as if you were some prophet. I am done with you, I just hope that I illustrated to other readers some possible scenarios. This is by no means even close to a complete list, if I am able to think of stuff like this many other more capable intelligent people can be able to come up with much better solutions.
Your argument will start making sense, if you have USA, CANADA, EUROPE, AFRICA, CHINA, RUSSIA, AUSTRALIA etc... banning bitcoins on every single private and public bank. However NONE of that has happened and you are already crying, simply incredible and you accuse us of being "emotional" in this sub-reddit.
edit: spelling
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:57:17
Hey send me some BTC :), here is my address. 15aKZ5oPzRWVubqgSceK6DifzwtzJ6MRpv
@_date: 2013-05-01 10:38:12
Actually they are quite friendly to Bitcoins for the most part. They are definitely looking very closely and they are certainly not enemies of BTC. Most of them already are doing their best to defend BTC, soon enough some of the other ones will. It does take time to be able to fully comprehend the whole concept behind it.
@_date: 2013-04-30 07:58:34
Read the other post, I am not some libertarian. Simply amazing... 
Yeah I actually read minimum a few hours of economics every day, on top of that I listen to economics videos. Anyways it does not matter, I responded to all of your claims. By the way Panama is not some "backwards 3rd world country." They seem to be doing alright, 194 plus international banks will not be somewhere where there is political instability.
@_date: 2013-04-30 03:56:26
A voluntary society is not precisely what we are exactly looking for. A voluntary society would permit a child of 9 years old to have sex with an older man, especially if it is "willed" by the child. 
Also in a voluntary society, parent's would have no rights over their own children until some arbitrary x age. There are many problems with that type of society. 
Bitcoin could be able to help privatize many ventures and more easily be able to get capital to the productive people. 
In the end it really does not matter whether its the government that provides the service or the private sector, if they would just allow real competition to determine who gives the service that would be a good healthy first step.
Technology can help be able to make things cheaper especially when building the infrastructure. You can use citizens Iphones to report a more efficiently where the repairs are needed. Many times locally they just set some retarded amount of money from government, without having a clue where the repairs are needed. Especially the big cities just request 20ish billion dollars, and so many other inefficiencies. 
No what needs to be done, is legal tender laws need to be abolished. If Bitcoins are not as good as they claim to be, then they should not be at the top. Bitcoins should be wherever they are helping people, even if its a little niche market. If people want to accept dollars, then that is perfectly okay. If they want to use gold/silver/copper or whatever other precious metal or local private bank notes. However, under a true competitive environment. Everyone would benefit more in the end.
There is this idea that the Wild West was just crazy  I beg to differ. Whether the police is private or public, we do need people taking care of the streets, where the funding comes from and where the resources are more efficiently allocated that matters most.
@_date: 2013-04-30 19:58:06
I answer a stupid question with a stupid answer. I am not sure if you detected that. How the hell is a homeless person your target audience for BTC? When NO currency has done well with him. 
A lot of the issues that he brings up are honestly things that if BTC becomes popular enough those problems will be solved. There will be MANY services, ATM's, cell phones, and many other ways of having everyone who decides to use this form of money an almost universal reality. My guess would be that the big cities will be the first to adopt it. 
Just remember it took MANY years for banking to go through, Bitcoin in a small amount of time has done leaps and bounds of progress. Things will go by a little quicker then you all think.
"This a smart move. Only 20% of African families have bank accounts (pdf). That is one reason M-Pesa became the world’s most successful mobile money service. Nearly 70% of the Kenya’s adults use it and a quarter of the country’s GDP passes through the service."
@_date: 2013-04-25 05:28:02
Was going to say the same :).
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:20:16
If someone is attempting to tip in BTC, the best thing to do is to educate the store owner beforehand, maybe with a handout explaining how it would help his workers that get tips in BTC, actually it will increase their wages.
@_date: 2013-05-06 09:33:41
I am not sure but if the problem is in the US and Europe why not just focus on other countries. After all many people would be willing to travel where they need if they have enough money to take out, if you have lot's of BTC you would be willing to travel wherever to cash out or cash in, either way. Whichever way, we will come up with a good decent solution that will solve most of the problems that government will throw at us.
@_date: 2013-05-13 07:13:02
I agree, I won't start using until they are fully open source. Just keep an eye out for Ripple until they start changing the nature of the way they do things, it can be a good thing. For now I will abstain from buying XRP's, however if someone wants to send me XRP's I won't stop him.
@_date: 2013-04-20 19:31:27
Zerocoin looks like a promising add on. We will see how far that will take us.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:01:53
If you wait for enough confirmations, then it would cost them WAY too much money to do double spend attacks. If people were aware, they would be told what to be able to do. In addition to that, other crypto currencies will fix that problem. All they would do is make the system more secure. Sure the value of BTC might be put to a hold, and temporarily.
You might even be able to see people on a massive scale start mining with their GPU's again to outdo the attacker. They will do this even at a loss, to help the cause of BTC.
It is highly doubtful that it would worth effort... At least to be able to do that for a good while. Very quickly other solutions would come to play.
@_date: 2013-04-22 16:10:38
So what is the number of transactions that you should wait for?
@_date: 2013-04-25 04:40:09
Give us an update on how it all went. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 23:08:27
I would disagree the whole point of what are the legal languages in a country can make a difference. That would mean that for all government paperwork, official documents, businesses, and the like would need to adapt. Plus an overwhelming majority of people go to public schools, lets say that there was some law that said the official language of America is French. Then suppose that somehow that were imposed, where all the classes of the youth would be in french. They could have some sort of phase out period. It would be highly unlikely they could be able to pass something like that of course. Then people would simply go to alternative school where only english is taught etc... But it does make a difference. The state has the power to back this or that idea, however stupid it might be can make a HUGE difference. 
Just look at how the increase of abortions after it was legalized. The same goes with most topics, once it is legitimized by the state then it becomes popular either immediately or in the long run. So the analogy is poor in my humble opinion.
Now with regard to alt. coins, its pretty simple. If they are not a pump and dump where they offer a real solution, they will survive simple as that. It only adds more to the strength of the network. If they make Bitcoin fail for example through some sort of legality, then other things will crop up to take care of the market needs. Which is a good thing, PPCoin looks promising while Litecoin seems like it adds nothing original other then to improve the Point of sale operations. Since bitcoin right now is more mainstream in the online community waiting 1 hour online is not a major problem. Maybe in the future it might help out, but for right now its not solving many problems. All the other coins seem to be efforts of miners that want to use their GPU's for something they think they can mine profitably while they still can. 
However, it would be entirely possible to modify bitcoin if necessary, I am not sure how popular that would be. So if there was a major problem with Bitcoins security that could be fixed with a fork. 
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:22:43
Ohh nice never heard of them, thanks for the info. I would definitely buy one if they had in BTC. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 16:01:41
No because if you are not being proactive about things, and if you rely on the mainstream media to do their "job." Then these other people will be pretty much left with wrong opinions about a genius system.
People I talk to are distributed into several categories:
1) They have never heard of it, most business that I have emailed are now seeking into way of being able to implement it. Because someone actually took the time to explain it to them in a rational and cool manner.
2) They have heard of it, but are turned off. So if you happen to be the lucky 1% of people out there that actually know about Bitcoin but now you are screwed because, "scam" and "pyramid scheme" is the only words they will understand.
3) Those who are actually favorable to it, the next thing they ask me whether there is a platform or some sort of class they can see in order to be able to learn more about it. 
It is number 3 that actually will go out and educate the masses and thus remedy the evils of the MSM. 
If you don't care that is fine, but I want to have places to be able to spend my bitcoins and people to trade with other than Mt.Gox. The only way that will happen is once people actually UNDERSTAND Bitcoin. Just hearing about it is not enough to go through all the hoops of going online making a bunch of accounts and putting money in. It takes a lot of effort to do that, but the more people see the genius of the system the better this whole system will work. 
I am sorry, but I totally disagree with your approach. Either that or you simply don't understand bitcoins yourself. Then this is the reason why we need something like a reputable institution such as Khan Academy to teach a course like this.
They will make the course if they see that the demand is there, so therefore create that demand. Many people think that this is an actual good, after all this thread is about bitcoin. Take care. Pax.
@_date: 2013-04-24 00:16:48
Its an honor, this man right here wrote, Land of Lisp. I would btc tip you if I had any right now waiting on bank &gt;.&lt;. One of the many great authors that are published by No Starch Press. Your a gentleman and a scholar, awesome :).
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:10:52
"This a smart move. Only 20% of African families have bank accounts (pdf). That is one reason M-Pesa became the world’s most successful mobile money service. Nearly 70% of the Kenya’s adults use it and a quarter of the country’s GDP passes through the service."
Most of the world has no bank accounts, in case you were not aware of that... The same goes with all of Latin America, Mexico, China etc... If you go to Honduras, if you have over $5000 dollars, the people in the bank know you by name and treat you first class. I am not sure how much you have travelled or spoken to people from different countries, but there is quite a big world out there and people always figure out a way to survive. They are incredibly resilient against everything that is thrown against them. There are so few people that have banks currently in the world. Don't forget to be at the mercy of some x or y arbitrary reason to get shut down, is not the best solution to the problem. All they have to do is say the magic word "laundering money." BAMMM your gone.
Travel around a bit and those that already have bank accounts are people that very easily understand that they can change from one bank to the other easily. So one bank not accepting payments, will not "damage the whole bitcoin economy." 
You might respond, that well they are third world countries and who gives a crap about them. They don't have a majority of the capital and therefore they are not a real part of the world economy. I beg to differ, they are an important part of the economy especially for massive bitcoin adoption. Instead of trying to work with the cancer, start attempting to work as much as it is possible AWAY from that cancer. To reduce the necessity of having banks and bitcoins working together. We are already getting to that point, either the banks adapt or they will lose a good part of their profits. Which trust me, in the end the golden calf speaks to them very well. I am not overly concerned that fighting the banks will backfire on Bitcoin, quite the opposite we have a good majority of the world that agree with us, one pseudo-wanna be intellectual like yourself is not going to bring some dent to the cause.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:12:29
Not necessarily, people can convert it into other things, or simply buy from people that only accept BTC. 
Bitspend and other services like that would take care of that for you. They would relocate wherever it is needed. It would be HIGHLY unlikely that world wide all the banks in the world will do something like that. 
Let me give you a country where it would be a good place to start a bitcoin bank, or a bank friendly to Bitcoin customers. Panama, in this country since a long time ago they have absolutely no legal tender laws.  
article 114 in the 1904 constitution, which reads,
    "There will be no forced fiat paper currency in the Republic. Thus, any individual can reject any note that he may deem untrustworthy."
That is well over 100 years... These guys could be our middle guy when it comes to do the transferring of BTC to fiat and the reverse. So no need to panic...
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:52:27
Man they are attempting the impossible, give them a break. Just sit back and be in awe that this is even happening. Right now everyone and their mother wants an ATM. There is no way that you will be able to get your hands on one. The demand is SOOO high, and so for right now they will only put one in each different country that alone will be a huge accomplishment. People instead of waiting for Mt.Gox 1 month verifications can travel a few hundred miles and cash out their fiat for some BTC. Definitely look forward to something like that.
I am sure someone will post videos about updates, sign up to their newsletter that will post an update to anything specifically they might be doing. 
@_date: 2013-04-27 00:39:31
Yeah I could not agree more with your statement. This guy instead of giving it to the hedge funders by his irrational hoarding, has led them to gain more of a foothold. It is precisely people like yourself that need to have a majority of the BTC. People who are in it for the long term. That also means to sell at the right time, and buy at the right time. Even a rough strategy is a good thing that does not make you a day trader.
@_date: 2013-05-01 00:20:12
Why don't you put the project under Wiki books? And just keep people updated on some blog, and have people that you trust, or can only be able to edit if they pay a small fee of bitcoins to get the trolls from spamming and editing.
@_date: 2013-04-25 00:12:09
I can be able to answer that, I completely agree tipping in the food industry like restaurants is done more traditionally because they are extra's and so it gives incentives to the individuals to serve their customers well. So the tips are a way of ensuring you get good service, and you can rebel so to speak by not paying. However there are many people that are kind of cheap, but overwhelmingly the social pressure not to tip and look bad (especially if you are going out with friends) helps even things out. 
Now in the blogosphere/reddit/x system, tipping is a way of other people appreciating the efforts that you take away from your profession and time. Look at StackExchange,  the whole system works brilliantly it really empowers the economy with this free flow of relative information necessary for the individual it kind of also encourages you to go out there and do something. Without the fear that you are all alone, because someone out there will help you out. It really works in an amazing way.
If you think of it, it encourages the most intelligent minds to be generous because they end up benefiting a lot. With btc's it allows for people to be able to pay them for their time thus encouraging more generosity. People that actually give useful advice, tend to also offer to other people goods/services and some may even be able to get a job as a result of it. 
Tipping is a great way to be able to get your questions answered in a much quicker manner.
I down voted this because I thought that the whole psychology was behavioralist (tending towards deterministic psychology). Which pretty much tries to explain everything away as some sort of brain based epistemology. I.e. it takes responsibility out of people either away from their good deeds or their bad ones. 
I bought several BTC's for the first time now. Awesome (&gt;.&lt;)
@_date: 2013-04-29 01:43:07
Just because they say they are laundering money means nothing.
Even doing legal things and doing it without governments permission is called contraband etc... I am not talking about drugs right here, I mean really good honest stuff. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 11:50:55
Yeah you can be able to automate the problem, and bitcoins is kind of different in that sense. That the whole rule book about day trading, is pretty difficult to apply. Therefore you will win some and lose some.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:07:37
Even if its a pump and dump, which is what most likely it will be. Competition is always a good thing, plus all of those GPU's that have been rendered obsolete are put to good use. It helps employs certain people then I am all for it. Anything that helps get rid of fiat money into other better crypto systems is a big plus, even if some might not always benefit. 
@_date: 2013-05-01 19:48:21
If anyone finds any more problems with this let me know.
@_date: 2013-04-21 06:04:39
Well some of the complaints are legit. I must say that if you are unhappy with what they are currently offering. One can most certainly take the offer of Avalon, I just wish they would not offer some sort of constant BTC 780. It is WAY overpriced or underpriced depending on when you bought your BTC. 
They can do that since no one else is offering the same thing. So we have to endure that...
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:07:32
If you put 500 euro then it would be possible to get your money back. However, if you had bitcoins then I really don't know why you went to the cops. It was completely dumb to do that, IF that is the case. You can always sue with fiat currencies, however, when it comes to BTC its a whole other ball game. Count your losses, this is not for the faint of heart. You have to be aware of what you are doing.
I hope you get your money back and the same goes with everyone else.
@_date: 2013-05-02 05:16:57
Well services are coming up right now that will allow you to pay for everything in BTC with  So I don't think that argument will hold water. It is just so much more convenient to do with BTC, even just from a perspective of keeping track of all your expenses. 
Yeah obviously until you have a completely functioning credit card/debit card it will be difficult to do everything in BTC, but everything online is taken care of for sure. More and more services are available in BTC, just a matter of time where locally it takes place also. However, even if it is not adapted universally locally with some credit card/debit card BTC charged account that instantly transfers into fiat will take care of 99% of your needs out there.
@_date: 2013-05-01 01:10:07
Interesting development ahahah, is hacking the new form of violence? Interesting..
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:37:06
Alright happy for you, but reality says otherwise. It is not just BTC I am talking about here, but even an improvement on BTC either in the original source code, or some 2.0 version call it what you like. 
I have already replied to you, that your retarded little brain can't get through. So long as there is ONE PLACE where you can have a bank that is friendly towards bitcoin businesses that is all you need. I gave an example of Panama which has no legal tender laws, and this has been true since 1904. 
Once a bank is completely under the law of some country they can't do anything. Panama has over 194 major international banks that operate there, GOOD LUCK attempting to prevent them from accepting transactions. Since BTC is global, it facilitates things further. 
Now a business owner that later realizes how much he loves bitcoins, and finds another bank which will allow his business to boom. Then they will move to that new bank, SIMPLE AS THAT. Its called supply and demand, if you artifically reduce the demand in one place, another place will take that demand. Just cause some little punk bank outlaws it, does not mean that it will happen all over the world at the same time. Most bankers don't even have a clue or even know about bitcoins in the first place, so this can't happen to that degree. 
Go ahead Chicken little, the sky is falling. 
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:13:46
Any of the real experts in security, or those that don't want their identity to be stolen NEVER use phones...Wikileaks founder, Richard Stallman and other similar paranoid programmers that understand how computers work. 
Your phone should be used for one simple purpose... Making calls for emergencies. Ohhh they are super easy to get hacked into... I don't know so many different apps from crappy programmers might have something to do with it. Everything is closed source, so you are left to the person to think that it is secure. For what its worth, the government uses blackberries. In fact that is the phone that the President uses, I am sure its modified in a way that makes it even more secure. However, I don't think any hacker would attempt to try the President's phone. Way too high profile target... 
@_date: 2013-05-01 00:22:43
Yeah I hope that they integrate bitcoin also, awesome. Companies backing up bitcoin helps with some of the dispute mediations. Especially for those using bitcoin legally. However, the real question is that these should be a temporary solution to the lack of people able to transfer their Bitcoins to real money and vice versa.
@_date: 2013-04-30 07:21:25
I am not sure, but I want to ask any statisticians out there, is this kind of like gambling on steroids? 
One thing you learn is House will always win, how do you know with a mathematical certainty that the odds are not overwhelmingly against you? 
Anyone that can help me with that would be awesome. I have taken some statistics courses, sadly that was a while ago. I don't ever recall hearing about a concept like this.
edit: grammar
@_date: 2013-05-01 00:05:39
There is a reason why homeless people beg... They have no cash, WHICH IS WHY they are homeless. 
If I suddenly explained to some homeless dude, that I will give him 1000 Bitcoins and what they are worth, do you think that he would be homeless shorty after that? I highly doubt it, so no it has nothing to do with Bitcoin vs cash. Many homeless people have access to internet also, now if you want to say this about homeless somewhere outside of the US then yeah its a different story. However, here in the United States you have public libraries, and many ways of getting free access to the internet, plus plenty of folks with phones.
It really depends on the particular person's circumstances, not all homeless people are equal.  Some are temporarily homeless, some have been like that for years etc... Some actually have storage units, with cars etc... Some have family, some don't, IT really just depends on the particular. Once again, this is not a problem specific to bitcoin. If some homeless dude understood what bitcoins were and he had several bitcoins he would not be homeless period.
@_date: 2013-05-05 08:38:12
I used to think the same actually it is open source, here is the github for it.  They changed that now they are keeping only 25% of the market share, because it will be used strictly for transaction fee's. Its a little complicated, if I were you I would just keep reading about it. Keep a close eye to it, it might be helpful to convert BTC to USD without much fee's. It seems it might be helpful, I am not entirely sure what to think of it right now.
I guess it just comes like a massive surprise to many people, all of these new competing currencies. However, no one actually mentions the fact that there are like 140 fiat floating currencies, with many that keep dying. So this is not something entirely new. So long as you keep your perspective, everyone in the world is currently pegged to the dollar and people make billions of dollars interchanging between currencies, just look at Warren Buffet for example. 
So it seems like they are trying to make a way for it in the future to be fully open source, and decentralized. Now how legit that actual claim is, I really don't know.  They seem to be trying to take care of all the concerns of people, so as far as we are aware the whole thing could change drastically for the better. 
Notice what they are saying, "Ripple was created by OpenCoin Inc. We will be releasing all the source soon. Our intent is for Ripple to exist without a central authority." In their FAQ, "
Ok, then who are you?
We’re OpenCoin, the organization that first built the Ripple protocol. We maintain this site to explain and promote it, but we don’t own or control it." 
Another FAQ, "How many ripples (XRP) are there?
When Ripple started there were 100 billion ripples in existence. This number is slowly decreasing because, as a security measure, each transaction destroys a tiny fraction of a ripple. Don’t worry — even with the whole world using Ripple, it will take thousands of years to destroy all the ripples. You can see the exact number of ripples at the Live Network Graph."
Maybe some of them started smarting up once people started going full head with them, take for example this guy.  Maybe he might update us in the near future, this guy seems to be a truth teller and intellectually honest. So if he is shown clearly that all his concerns have been addressed then he might change his stance. 
The best thing to do I might say is simply wait, and see what OpenCoin does to take care of those concerns. The idea is good in itself, but we will see. I myself don't like the fact that anything be centralized it presents to many weaknesses and possibilities with governments that are not too nice.
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:36:55
You will be making a ton more if people understood it. Plus it would add much more anonimity to have greater trading between people.
@_date: 2013-04-23 20:46:13
LOL funny.
@_date: 2013-04-30 20:41:11
Yeah man, please forward me the Telenovela you are writing about :P. 
I am sure your soap opera, will make the IRS quite entertained :).
@_date: 2013-05-14 21:56:52
Becareful with Twitter, Facebook and online social media. I feel sorry for you mate, but it seems like this might be a good wake up call for you. To start doing something about your computer security. 
@_date: 2013-04-26 15:19:20
I never heard of this before, it is very interesting.  
This would be something that definitely could be strengthened through BTC.
EDIT: There are many other such P2P lending websites out there.
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:14:14
I still have not finished watching it, but I will definitely do so and make suggestions to its strengths and weaknesses.
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:02:52
It might have to do with the fact that DHS is on their throats maybe? 
  
Just a thought, thanks.
@_date: 2013-04-29 03:05:39
Also don't forget about Peer to Peer Coin, they have proof of stake. 
Overall the good thing is that we have an actual alternative that takes care of that problem already so there is nothing to fear for the future of crypto currency which will be free of bank control.
@_date: 2013-04-29 01:41:42
Sorry mate completely disagree with your opinion there. 
There is already a better form of banking out there, its called peer to peer lending, and they don't create credit out of nothing. Definitely a much better concept, the next best thing is credit unions.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:27:49
Do not feed the troll, the burden of proof is on the accuser. Take care.
@_date: 2013-04-26 06:11:25
Yeah everyone should complain to the Russians :P, about improving their security. Keep following where the money gets spent man. I feel ya brother. I feel ya.
@_date: 2013-04-24 21:42:32
Yeah the guy who posted this was not saying specifically Litecoin. Misleads people into it thinking it is Bitcoin. For that I will downvote.
@_date: 2013-04-25 03:18:34
What would be better if several people Skyped together and collectively helped them. Think of it like BitcoinBuster Team :).
@_date: 2013-05-14 22:48:50
If he is still living under the roof of his Dad, he should respect his decisions. 
 If you wanted to make a convincing case to him about BTC, don't make it sound like its more than what it is. He is right nothing in this world is a free lunch, and even Bitcoins require some effort and input to do things smartly. People who are prone to being lazy and want it easy will never survive Bitcoin. They will be the ones that always drink the kool aid to quickly and don't think of things calmy and rationally. 
Your dad probably thinks of you like some sort of idealistic young kid, just about ready to start getting into his first ponzi scheme because of lack of experience. As such, anything coming from your mouth will be taken skeptically by him. 
Now that I have said that, here is what you should make him realize.
First argue on why bitcoin is great, and get rid of the idea of trying to make him buy you a miner right now. As it seems right now, they are not really delivering so he might be right in this case. 
Secondly, make him realize that with BTC there are several ways to handle it. You can use it for day trading, you can use it to transfer money securely to someone else. You can  use it to do online shopping safely (which is what I do now). You can use it to pay your taxes, your bills, and pretty much everything. There are ways in which you can quickly transfer your dollars into BTC's, and immediately spend them so you don't have to worry about the volatility. 
If he has an email account, slowly link him to all the good articles you find. Just talk to him slowly about it, not necessarily to get you that stuff, but how can bitcoin help him and the family do things better and save money. I could keep going on, but that is just the tip of the iceberg.
@_date: 2013-04-21 07:27:04
Just because he is being cautious, does not mean that he cannot approach BTC. Let him feel confident, but never give him a false sense of confidence either.
Anyone that goes into anything blindly is someone who likely will go from one pyramid scheme to another. 
This is why some people are skeptical, because they don't see the healthy skepticism that one should have when approaching these issues of money.
@_date: 2013-04-23 08:49:42
Awesome and congrats, tell your boss that he chose a good worker :). Take care God Bless!
@_date: 2013-04-26 14:07:59
Deus Cartias est! Veritas vos liberavit. 
@_date: 2013-04-27 12:30:44
Yeah if you dont mind us asking how much was it?
@_date: 2013-04-30 07:42:42
Look man even homeless people can go to a public library, or they have at least one family member which they can ask for a computer. They can carry a little USB stick that is encrypted with all of their money. Suppose that such a thing was impossible, then yeah if you can never be able to have access to NOT ONE person in a city that has an internet connection, not even in a cell phone. Then I have to say I completely agree, but that is not true anywhere in the world. You can always ask someone, there are ways in which you can be able to send to send money through SMS.  
Also you are not taking into consideration that in the future, they will have a ton of ATM's everywhere. So you won't even need that specific internet connection. A lot of your questions are simply problems that we currently have because the currency is quite new. Remember that credit cards are not used by everyone, because not everyone has a bank account or good enough credit to qualify. A good majority of the third world still has no access to electricity! Does that mean that electricity failed to do its job? Absolutely no, it just means that there is still more work to do. The same can be argued about many other topics.
However, enough people and a huge overwhelming majority that use it are people that have capital and so long as they are able to adopt it first, it will later become the choice of payment amongst the masses. Don't expect for everyone to drop traditional forms of payment immediately, it needs to develop in an organic fashion before it can become a serious alternative to even the poorest of the poor. Plus if Bitcoin fulfills only an online niche market for the most part that is a huge part of the economy and that success alone would make it a be the greatest innovation in modern times. Think of how many billions of dollars will be saved in fee's and internet fraud. You will see less and less people getting their computer's hacked as they become more security alert and new things will keep popping up on the market. Like  or 
I think in general, your question is pretty dumb. Someone that is homeless and has 0 cash, are usually begging on the street for survival. Neither bitcoins nor dollars treat them well, but you don't see them bitching that dollars will not do them any good. Now if bitcoins became popular enough there would be a way in which he can be able to print a bitcoin tip to stores to pay for his food without an internet connection to be able to pay for stuff. Or other people can be able to give him that instead of pennies or dollars. Ultimately if you have absolutely no BTC or USD you are screwed anyways. This is not necessarily a deficiency in BTC, but rather circumstances in life.
@_date: 2013-04-18 00:55:33
It takes forever to get Bitcoins because of how slow banks are, and the Patriot act definitely is not helping the situation. Asking you everything, including your puppies name.
@_date: 2013-05-01 02:02:23
Has anyone come up with new evidence about this company? Thanks I would appreciate all the input possible.
@_date: 2013-05-01 02:05:27
I want you to test something for me, give a homeless dude $1,000 dollars worth of BTC, and explain to him briefly what he needs to do to get that money. I guarantee you, with a 99.9999% certainty that the guy will check it out. If you are actually even better, you would print the material for him, to convince him on the spot that you really did give him something worth it. 
So yeah whether you give some homeless dude cash or BTC, he can pay rent if he wanted to with both especially if you are kind of enough to lead him through the initial loops. I dare you to try it, even with less money.
@_date: 2013-04-18 06:04:56
Is BTC-e still that unstable how has it improved?
@_date: 2013-04-30 21:05:32
I am down for it, let me know when you are planning or what group of people will do this effort.
@_date: 2013-04-26 12:37:37
Thank you very much, yes I was not completely sure if there was something like that out there. I was sure that there was someone out there. 
Khan Academy has become almost the De Facto standard especially among the youth. If anyone else has more links please link them below! Thanks, take care.
@_date: 2013-04-26 08:18:24
Well that is precisely how you make it more mainstream. You realize that if you do not have people correcting the errors of the media, and have actual education videos where people are likely to go and trust, then you are toast. 
Everyone thinks of BTC as something that is super hacked into, and other such nonsense. However, these myths could be completely destroyed by a well informed class, giving the minus and the pluses respectively. A very fair balanced view of it, look at how the Austrian School of Economics become main steam now! 
That is because it was something that was through lots of hardwork, and now that they have the foundation they can be able to refute everyone one argument at a time. The same needs to be done specifically on crypto-currencies. So long as people accept is as money, then people will go into it. The more informed people become about actually becoming their own bankers, the more they are incentivized to make this thing work. Instead of listening to the MSM and become a bunch of sheep.
@_date: 2013-04-25 01:48:29
Wow so awesome, thanks guys. Yeah honestly I am going to pay all my fees. I hope you have some very competitive pricing that would be awesome, I would have no more excuse to keep money in fiat anymore lol. Trust me offering lower rates will increase the BTC economy big time. Thus ensuring higher profitability for your business in the long run. Everyone pays their taxes, everyone pays their bills, everyone pays their rent, car payment. Think of all the BTC millionaires that would pretty much use your service all the time. I was over thrilled when I saw your website when you announced it. Now you guys have topped it off with this announcement. 
I hope that you become the reason why remaining in fiat will be no more of an excuse. Thanks!
@_date: 2013-04-26 13:36:09
From what I have read, Ripple is a centralized scheme, of which literally the only ones that benefit is the OpenCoin company or whatever they are called in the near future. However, this is definitely not the healthy type of competition that you see with Litecoin, and PPCoin.
@_date: 2013-05-05 08:43:02
Yes, well I am sure they might have been thinking about it, but who knows maybe this was the straw that broke the camels back. I am certainly happy that they now have the course. Deo gratias!
@_date: 2013-04-29 02:57:25
I am not a libertarian, not even close to it. The true foundation of liberty is truth, and libertarians are just a bunch of libertines that fail to see that there are more important things in life then getting high and having inordinate amounts of sex with people of your same sex or multiple partners of w/e gender. It is the cult of liberty, the worship of liberty for liberty's sake that is heading societies towards a path of no return. 
Let me give you an example right now. In france 100% of abortions are paid for by the welfare state, so are 100% of contraceptives. People are being forced to provide services for things that are against their conscience, they are chastised, their businesses closed down. Pretty much for being faithful they are put to ruin... I have known absolutely way too many people that have been put into these situations...I am a faithful Orthodox Roman Catholic, and it is absolutely against my conscience to participate in that government one tiny bit or any government that uses its tax dollars to fund 100% objective evil. 
Little secret to everyone here, the real purpose of the welfare state is not to help the poor... China practices infanticide, lots of ex-Soviet countries have rates of abortion that surpass live births... Why? State intervention. Ceasar has crossed the line our obedience in those matters that deal with evil, is pretty clear, we stay faithful to God's law and pray for our enemies. I am not a revolutionary but a counter-revolutionary, and BTC is a tool that far outweighs the "bad" stuff out there. 
I am pro bitcoins, because it permits those who want to live their life in accordance to Divine truth without having to be subservient to wicked governments abroad or the banks. Fractional reserve banking is absolutely immoral, most banks run on a 2-3% reserve, literally pure institutional theft... I have absolutely no idea how you think that the banks are somehow helping "the system stay alive." They are the cancer, 100% of it and you are calling it the cure, incredible. 
Pretty soon there will be an easy way where you can be able to anonymously transfer money (fiat) into BTC. Whoever helps towards that cause, God Bless their soul! Thanks take care.
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:10:00
The problem is how will they know that this has happened. Especially if you use a bitcoin mixxer there is no way they can be able to pin point this or that on you.
Edit: Forgot to mention also, is how can they be able to on top of that keep up with the volatility of the taxing. You simply don't know at what price you bought the BTC for, what if you traded in person for cash etc... At higher or lower then market rates.
@_date: 2013-04-26 20:23:26
Be patient, right now this is a big big step for crypto currencies. The website is down by the way and also what is your schedule for installation to all the different continents? Yeah this will really help for people to get some bitcoins in their hands so much quicker then getting verified a month later. 
Where would you install one in Mexico? How about Latin America, I am sure you will put one in Argentina for sure. Try to at the very least put one in every country, and if possible one in every state of the US. Europe is quite small so if you place in convenient locations people can travel to get on their hands some BTC.