@_author: thomas_wlliams
@_date: 2013-06-15 20:06:34
Exactly the same for me.  I used a $500 zizzap payment slip and  zipzap confirmed they paid Bitinstant on 6/13 but i still have not received any Bitcoins in my wallet.  Bitinstant is doing a tremendous job of ruining any goodwill they might have had.  Avoid them!!
@_date: 2013-06-15 07:14:57
I generated a Bitinstant zizpzap $500 payment slip (cash at local exchanger to Bitcoin Wallet).  The Zizap transaction detail shows Bitinstant was paid on 6/13 but I still have not received any Bitcoins in my wallet. 
The support Tab at support.bitinstant.com is NOT working so there's no way to file a new trouble ticket.  Something is terribly wrong wrong at Bitinstant so avoid them until they fix their problems, IF, they ever do!! I have another trouble ticket that's been open for more than 3 days but it still hasn't been assigned to anyone in tech support to fix the issue.  Something is terribly wrong at Bitinstant and they should be avoided until all back orders are cleared up and accounts settled in full.  Vote this up - make everyone aware that Bitinstant has serious problems!!!  Avoid them!!!
@_date: 2013-06-15 19:41:29
No, I have had my Binstant Trasaction go through  although zip zap paid my $500 Payment Slip to Bitinstant on 6/13 (cash at local exchanger for Bitcoins to a wallet).  
Two week ago I had no problems using Bitinstant but this week the wheels seem to be falling falling off.  Avoid Bitinstant until they fix their "system problems" IF that's actually the problem. Anothe possibility is they'e burned through their VC out of money.  If you file a trouble ticket and all you get is a form response:  "we're working to resolve the problems" but no time frame is given when that might be.  Zipzap told me it might take until next week to clear up the problems.  Anyway you slice this it looks very bad for Bitinstant.  I question whether they can survive this kind of public meltdown.  Avoid Bitistant, they are still accepting customer's cash but they are not paying out on the transactions, especially, for Bitcoin.
