@_author: thoshi64
@_date: 2019-03-02 15:10:31
Exactly.  It's the Durbin amendment which puts a cap on debit card processing fees
@_date: 2019-11-01 14:34:50
You're not wrong.  The answer is we all just need to agree on one to give it value.
@_date: 2019-11-17 09:25:42
I don't think this is the right thing to do.  We shouldn't resort to these cheap methods of "sending a message" to get our way.
@_date: 2019-06-29 18:20:03
I believe the economic theory here is that inflation requires people to invest their money instead of just holding it in their bank account.  The problem with this view is it spawns the exact environment we're seeing today where the rich have access/ability to invest and grow their money while the middle and lower class don't have access and deal with more of the downsides of inflation ie. work to live.  Understand that the basis of economies growing require creating new value eg. new products from new tech and spending of money for that new value.
Lets also consider the opposite, deflationary economic model ie. Bitcoin.  First off, no one knows exactly what a deflationary model will be like since it's never been tried.  The theory from pro inflation economists is people are more likely to hold the currency instead of spending it with the perception that the currency increases in value over time.  The down side here is if everyone stops spending the currency, economy growth would slow wayyy down which turns into a cycle of more people not spending their currency since it's more valuable to save versus invest in creating new products.  In theory, inevitably as more people choose not to spend, it will reach a tipping point where an economy can no longer support the perceived value and the currency would correct to zero or very low.
I think the medium would be for both inflationary and deflationary currencies to exist with close monitoring to prevent the crash of either currencies.
@_date: 2019-12-07 18:05:29
I actually think this is the new norm for tech support in these "new age" businesses.  Call centers are kind of dying in favor of chat bots, ticket support (zendesk) or some automated phone system all to save on costs.  The only real cases where you see support phone numbers today is when you legitimately need support RIGHT NOW like if you're standing outside an Airbnb and the host is not responding.  Otherwise all other issues can be resolved "asynchronously".
At the same time you've got older companies which requires you call in to cancel your subscription (nytimes last I checked) which is total bullshit because a online way of cancelling should be technically feasible since you can sign up that way in the first place, at least if we're using logic.