@_author: thosethese
@_date: 2017-12-05 01:12:02
A simpler way to level the playing field would be to have Congress pass a law which limits the Fed to conducting monetary expansion by dividing a lump sum by the number of registered voters and mailing everyone a check. 
 This is what Milton Friedman referred to as Helicopter Money.
The only way to level the playing field in the long term is for Seigniorage rents to be divided democratically, which neither Bitcoin nor our existing monetary system accomplishes.
@_date: 2017-12-04 23:47:25
The interest rate which banks are concerned with is not the same as the private interest rate on loans. The real interest rate on fiat money is 0%. Fiat money is simply a credit for paying taxes. If people want to store their savings in gold and bitcoin, this doesn't really have any impact on the fiat money system as long as there are still taxes and a sufficient supply of money to pay taxes.
If the fed needs to expand the money supply to ensure that US residents have enough money to pay taxes during a recession, it does not have to adjust interest rates at all. All it has to do is ask Congress for a list of registered voters, divide a lump sum of the money it needs to create by the number of voters, and mail everyone a check.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:09:08
There is no such thing as 'fiat rich'. Rich people hold assets, not fiat currency. Bitcoin is just another asset, it doesn't matter to the government whether or not people are holding it. It would actually be better for the government if people did not store large savings in dollars, because then it would be easier to regulate the supply of money. Fiat money is simply a credit for paying taxes. The governments only real concern is whether or not there is an optimal quantity of money in circulation for paying taxes, which Bitcoin does not seriously affect.
@_date: 2017-12-08 20:41:50
If Lightning will actually be a game changer, then why wouldn't the Lightning developer create their own coin and company where they can earn a greater share of the profits from their work, rather than working to increase the profits of bitcoin HODLers who don't actually pay them?
@_date: 2017-12-10 02:17:58
Ripple is not based on Bitcoin and has not copied its ideas. It does not even use mining or proof-of-work. Nodes are identified with public keys and reach consensus by voting on what transactions to add to the ledger. If nodes can't agree on any new transactions to add to the ledger, the network simply stops until node operators mark the public keys of the nodes which they believe are colluding as untrusted. This is an entirely different approach than what Bitcoin is doing.
It would be easier to implement competing proof-of-work assets into a Ripple-like network, than it would be to implement a Ripple-like network into Bitcoin, unless the Bitcoin developers are especially clever.
@_date: 2017-12-10 00:58:13
That would be extremely unethical. Citizens in a democracy should not be forced to pay seigniorage rent to private currency providers everytime they are required to pay taxes to the state. What you are proposing would be a coercive demand subsidy and a coercive transfer of wealth from the citizens of Bulgaria to Bitcoin hodlers.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:35:50


You don't need a gold standard to do that. You just need congress to pass a 1 page law that limits the Fed to conducting monetary expansion by dividing a lump sum by the number of registered voters and mailing everyone a check.


There is no ceiling on growth as long as we are willing to switch our tax system to primarily a Land Value Tax in order to limit urban sprawl along with some supplementary Pigouvian taxes. Bitcoin and gold mining are far more environmentally damaging than fiat money or web-of-trust based consensus money like Ripple.
@_date: 2017-12-05 00:22:54
Expansionary currencies are not better for paying for a military simply because they allow for inflation. They are better because they are overall more efficient at putting money into the hands of an increasing population of workers who will actually use it to conduct trade and business.
This is also why Bitcoin was most useful for trade during its most expansionary phase for trade when it could be mined by the average joe on commodity hardware.
With fixed supply and deflationary currencies, a large portion of the earned income and labor of workers is confiscated as unearned income by currency holders through *seigniorage rents*. Siegnioarage rents decrease overall economic efficiency.
@_date: 2017-12-09 11:37:59
Ripple is not Bitcoin technology. It is not based on Bitcoin and doesn't use proof-of-work mining to prevent double spending. It achieves consensus by using super-majority voting between nodes which identify themselves using public keys. The Ripple consensus network simply halts and comes to a stop if nodes cannot agree on whether new transactions are legitimate, rather than allowing double spending. It resumes when node operators start blocking the public keys of the nodes which colluded. It is a completely different approach to maintaining a digital ledger than bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:37:05
It would be pretty straightforward for Congress to pass a law which limits the monetary expansion powers of the fed to dividing a lump sum by the number of registered voters and mailing everybody a check.
@_date: 2017-12-10 02:00:44
The price of bitcoin is based on speculation that it will become a global currency. This is impossible with its current technology and current specs.
Just as there needs to be a minimum level of lift on airplane wing for an aircraft  to fly, and for the aircraft to provide utility for its passengers, there needs to be a minimum level of throughput in on-ledger transactions in order for a cryptocurrency to provide utility as a global medium of exchange. The on ledger transaction per seconds is multiple orders of magnitude higher with Ripple than Bitcoin. At some point, specs and numbers do matter.
The "out of China" coin is Bitcoin, which is where over 51% of the mining pools are located. Proof of work mining is a bad solution to the double spending problem. It would be preferable if altcoin developers started developing alternatives to Ripple rather than more clones of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:18:36
The value of local public goods such as roads, highways, and police is already capitalized in land values. Obtaining land in areas with good public services costs much more than the land in areas without public services.
If you make large mortgage payment to a bank, save a large portion of your income to buy a house in cash, or pay a high rent payment to a landlord, then you  already paid for these public services without paying taxes. The rent generated by these public services is simply being extracted from you by private non-government institutions.
If you want to add tolls to roads then what you are actually asking for is for poor people to be double taxed, so that land owners and banks can be subsidized.
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:10:21
The State is whoever extracts unearned economic rent from workers. Today it is the financial sector. They collect it through mortgages. Bitcoin does little to directly solve this problem. Bitcoin could certainly facilitate the efforts of a powerful elite to subdue the rest of the population.
The only solution to prevent a powerful elite from extracting unearned economic rent from workers is to ensure that rents are democratically distributed. Otherwise new coercive states will continue to form lead by those collecting them.
Society never fully entered industrial capitalism or exited feudalism. We are heading back to feudalism. The only way for society to transition out of feudalism and into industrial capitalism is to democratically divide unearned economic rents.
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:46:39
Why would a DAO want to collect payment in Bitcoin rather than issue its own currency? Why would residents prefer a non-democratic DAO which refused to issue them voting shares over a democratic DAO which freely issued them voting shares? How would you determine which competing DAO residents preferred to live under on the margin without first guaranteeing residents freedom of movement over a large area?


Maybe the voting system used in most democracies is broken and voters are responding rationally to perverse incentives. Voting systems can be replaced and constitutional amendments are less costly than anarchy.