@_author: thosethings2
@_date: 2017-03-08 00:11:49
8 years of Bush and Wikileaks is a threat operated by leftists.
8 Years of Obama and Wikileaks is a Russian-Conservative conspiracy.
@_date: 2017-03-08 00:07:59
That's bullshit, backdoors in firmwares are not removable and there's nothing an OS could do about it. There could be a backdoor in the network card integrated in the motherboard leaking the RAM to a NSA server on a regular basis for private keys.
@_date: 2017-03-08 00:06:12
Because no valuable target would use BSD ever....
@_date: 2017-03-09 01:12:59


They are since they ask for donations and their charter clearly states they are supposed to be impartial.


You're making a straw man, I didn't say that. Besides, the RNC and the DNC can be both wrong at the same time...


Like I said, speculations and circumstances are nothing compared to cryptographically verified proof with explicit intent.
@_date: 2017-03-08 23:53:58
There's a huge difference with "visible" and irrefutable, with proof of intent added on top. Considering they were bound by law to stay impartial this makes it even more important and valuable.
And add the collusion with journalists and various news outlets, some years ago they were considered Alex Jones level conspiracy theories, now you have Colbert trying to extinguish the fire with an incriminating comeback: "An agreement is what adults do".
@_date: 2017-03-09 02:20:06




Keep this for the philosophy professor who gets too much high too often. Otherwise, credibility matters for those are seeking the truth.


It is a legal matter, and it matters to journalists and informed citizens alike. It makes the difference between the news article being published or not and a small but not negligible portion of undecided voters not voting for Hillary.


That's your own answer to your own question, good for you if you knew the truth in advance, but you don't represent everyone else. Others like me were skeptical, like I said, what was once considered crazy conspiracy theories was proven to be true and is also cited in the DNC lawsuit as evidence.


You are contradicting yourself.


I highly doubt that, since 1) you can't back what you say and 2) the headline "DNC got hacked" is much less shocking than "DNC hack shows collusion for Hillary", at least to Bernie supporters. The "narrative" you are talking about simply doesn't exist (and also undefined by you).
@_date: 2017-03-10 02:05:13


Thank you for the honesty.


Ok, now that's some deep analysis.


You just said you didn't know...


All of which have plausible deniability. Polls can be wrong (wtf that indicates fraud...), debates could have been scheduled the way they were due to tons of other factors, according to DWS, "The Sanders campaign has provided us with the info needed to restore their voter file access; now it's time to refocus on winning " so he just didn't filed the proper paperwork (now thanks to wikileaks we now know she was complicit). And you do not understand Occam's razor at all. It is an heuristic, a guide, and in no way a decisive criterion, and your application of simplicity is obviously heavily tainted by your partiality as a Bernie supporter.


Sometimes the title contains sufficient information, and the user can read it later too. Yes some don't care and grandma and crazy uncle Joe share every conspiracy theories anyway, but like I said for a small but not negligible portion of people, a story from major news outlet who actually (most of the time) have journalist doing their homework verifying sources have a huge impact (Wikileaks haven't been shown wrong so far). A post from CNN and Fox News and the New York Times has way more impact than Infowars and other militant news/blogs. So yeah, most americans are dumb or simply don't have the capabilities to understand, yet it doesn't mean it did not have an impact and that impact would not have been the same without the content. And if content doesn't matter, then explain pizzagate.


Again, talking in the name of everyone else is not an argument.


I'm not sure, but I think they said it was on purpose for this exact goal, since most people forgot Snowden leaks (which were very brief). Yet it doesn't mean the content didn't matter. In fact, it couldn't have ran that long without new information coming out.


Again, talk for yourself. Besides, they are not mutually exclusive.


"Everyone knows Bush allowed 9/11 to happen" by Infowars and prison planet doesn't have the same impact as "Leaked documents show Bush ordering CIA to place thermite inside WTC" by MSNBC, CNN and Fox News.


Or maybe he's simply telling the truth and the emails are only about logistics and official spam. See, even being 90% certain, without proof you statement doesn't have much value.


Who knows? But then Assange is a publisher, not a leaker. Snowden didn't need Wikileaks to leak. Wikileaks is not a monopoly. If he lied and the leaks were published elsewhere they indeed were incriminating for the RNC then that would certainly discredit him. I think he is smart enough to know that while making this kind of statement. But then again, I have no proof.
@_date: 2017-03-08 00:04:20
Back in 1999 I remember about the [_NSAKEY]( variable found in Windows NT, a 1024 bits public encryption key.
@_date: 2017-06-07 00:57:22
I'm out of the loop, what this Bitcoin grand schism is all about?
@_date: 2017-06-07 01:12:35
Financed by Democrats for big banks.