@_author: thoughtfan
@_date: 2014-06-03 12:24:33
Assuming nothing major goes wrong my answer is no BUT I do fear the vast majority of the world's population may end up buying during the last massive bubble and it may be years or decades after it bursts before they have the same buying power as they did in fiat before.
The more I think about it the less I'm looking forward to the last mad bitcoin-rush where money currently in bonds, property, pms, artwork etc. pours in at such a rate that the eventual high will be waaaay too unsustainably high and that it's the majority of small time latecomers that will pay the price.
I am confident it will all work out in the end simply because of the superiority of the principles behind a decentralised, deflationary currency but I think we're likely to see mayhem in the interim.
@_date: 2014-05-24 10:46:53
It is!  I've had one about six months, given away loads of paper wallets by asking people to press the button and fold under the private key whilst explaining the importance of private key management and demonstrating sending 25 mBTC to them.  As for my own use of it I only use these and a hosted wallet app, temporarily sweeping funds into the app, spending/giving away/selling what I want to then printing a new wallet to send most of the change to, only leaving token amounts on the app.  
I was only last night recommending Piper to someone not particularly technically able who wants to invest a substantial sum (though a small percentage of a large portfolio).  For anyone who is not confident in following procedures to ensure the generation of secure private keys and ensuring they can not be hacked this is a pretty simple solution!
The only things on my wishlist for the Piper would be smaller and with a rechargeable battery so I don't always have to plug in.
@_date: 2014-01-12 12:35:41
An enjoyable read with not too many major mistakes.  Given its source I thought this was interesting though:








The author, as most neo-cons today, appears to see a false dichotomy here:  that the options are to tax labour or consumption.  If only he knew of the classical economists who recoginsed there was a better means of raising public revenue.   For instance there's one he may have heard of called Adam Smith who said in a little known book, The Wealth of Nations: 








I'm just saying I find it astounding that that not even those supposedly qualified to see it are mentioning the obvious (and most sensible) answer to the issue of raising public revenue in a world where income (and to a lesser extent trading) becomes impossible to trace: Land Value Tax.
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:18:53
...only where there is no alternative way of doing that which they wish to accomplish with BTC.  The reasons alcohol in the prohibition and narco have inflated prices as a consequence of their banning is because there is no alternative if you wish to experience 'high x'.  Whilst nothing can do everything bitcoin does there are plenty of things that can do certain aspects of it.
What the 'banning will only make it more successful' posse seem to fail to see is if a massive chunk of the economy that is 'legitimate' can't use it then you've just cut off (if only temporarily) a huge source of currency velocity potential.  How on earth does that lead to 'higher prices'?!
@_date: 2014-01-09 16:37:37
It would take away the 'appreciating asset' incentive to own your own home due to a substantial part of the increase in value having to be paid over.  However, it would more disincentivise large scale speculative landlords from dumping large chunks of money in land on the fairly safe assumption that it will appreciate substantially even if they do nothing with it.  It will for both potential home owners and speculators take the 'better buy today because it will cost me more tomorrow' element out of consideration.
@_date: 2014-07-18 17:29:45
Found more info that among other things says it is available for US customers only (great start though) :) 
@_date: 2014-01-14 00:01:39
Your desire to spread the joy and use a wallet to fire up enthusiasm in your peers is laudable.  However, unless you have a stash yourself away somewhere for further down the line I would recommend only giving away token amounts for intrest's sake and to keep the bulk of what you earned (yes, that's why you were tipped, because by your presentation you had earned them) and keeping the remainder.  I suspect one with a mind as creative and astute as yours will have further, more constructive, ideas as to what to do with them in some months or years.  All the best with whatever you decide - and well done on the talk :)
@_date: 2014-12-22 17:48:04
Georgists could also be excited by this technology.  Irrespective of whether the system of governance states that title holders have absolute rights over land or whether it aims to incentivise optimal land use and raise public revenue in a way that renders taxation on productive activities to the history books.  Reliable decentralised records are definitely the way forward :)
@_date: 2014-03-24 14:06:43
That's not an unreasonable pov though I am not as pessimistic as you where it comes to the authorities making interaction with fiat difficult in the medium term.
However, the point you make now is a different argument to the claim you were making earlier when you were implying the main problem is one of attitude (preoccupation with fiat).  It is not unreasonable that people are interested in and talk about how the on-off ramps with fiat are likely to evolve, just because you don't think it will happen.  I think it is great people are giving their attention to bitcoin transactions not involving fiat but premature to be dismissing those who are interested in how it can work with fiat.
@_date: 2014-02-02 20:07:30


Because I can - and I like to.  I like that I can use bitcoins to buy my Indian takeaway (through takeaway.com).  Where I can within reason if there is a choice I'll go with a supplier from whom I can buy for bitcoin (if not directly, then indirectly).  I'm in the process of buying a new TV.  Unfortunately in the UK I have not found a supplier of my model who will accept otherwise I would.  And if by the time I get round to replacing my bitcoins they are more expensive and I end up with fewer, so what?  Because of the divisibility it is not a major issue either way but I would prefer that I and earlier adopters with much more than me did this this so that newcomers can get more for their fiat and so that the wealth gap is not so high.  I do not aspire to be one of the 'new 1%'!
And going by the amount of bitcoin being spent by customers of the likes of Overstock and TigerDirect I am not the only one thinking this way.  Detractors of deflationary currencies keep insisting 'people won't spend'.  I'm spending - and so are others.  There will always, as with all currencies, be an immense amount that is in the hands of speculators.  Unless you're interested in that side then forget it.  It doesn't matter.  The amount being spent in the so called 'real bitcoin economy' is small, not because the speculative market is bigger, but because it is young.  None of us knows what will happen but to me the indications are good :)
@_date: 2014-02-02 14:41:40
HTC One.  I'm a big fan of it :)
@_date: 2014-07-11 13:50:37
rly?? Come on, there's plenty warnings here about leaving substantial sums of bitcoin with third party holders such as Coinbase.  If you're not very tech savvy to do secure wallets and/or cold storage yourself and you have more than you really want to lose at Coinbase then get yourself a Mycelium Entropy (when they come out) or PiperWallet to simply print off many paper wallets to split up your savings and keep them safely (in a time-locked physical safe if you want to!) out of harm's way.
@_date: 2014-09-10 14:18:23
But people DO need to realise how important it is that their private key not lost and is kept safe (or if in someone else's care, that they realise what that means).
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:02:38
I see the attraction in the simplicity - in fact someone who knew nothing about bitcoins a few months back jokingly Facebooked 'What is a bitcoin made up of - Bits?!'  So yes, it is intuitive.  I'm just not convinced yet that I want to use it myself.  I give away paper wallets with 25mBTC on them.  My experience is people don't have a problem understanding this.
@_date: 2014-09-28 10:56:53
I'm astounded it took this long!
@_date: 2014-02-02 20:22:21
One of the reasons I want to see remittances take off and adoption begin to gather pace with 'the other 6 billion' is the more obvious it is that this is making a positive difference the more difficult it is for the politicians to paint Bitcoin in a negative light in order to stamp it out when they begin to truly get a grasp of the extent to which crypto is a threat to their status quo - and their careers depend on their not looking like a complete schmuck.
It's not the primary reason I want to see remittances take off of course.  That's easy: In order that the recipients of migrant workers' moneys don't lose such a large percentage of it in the process of sending it.
But I also like this:  The more the advantages of bitcoin are enjoyed by countries the US fears as competitors the more reluctant they will be to lose out by stamping out its legitimate use in the US.
Either way it's looking more and more likely by the day that the US gov't is very soon going to be stuck between a rock and a hard place :)
@_date: 2014-09-10 12:24:45
I am mighty impressed with the process by which they came to accept bitcoins.  I wondered whether if they used something like BitPay that they would get their conversions free of charge because currently they even have to pay to withdraw the GBP to their bank.
They got 50mBTC from me this morning so if anyone wants to give them some love: 1PZ5ebvdt43dvRRgRNgBhsq2PwAKN4X6W (and for those who prefer a QR code or want to double check the address I've given is not mine: 
@_date: 2014-05-24 09:34:14
That seems to be a very narrow view.  One of the things I like about being invested in Bitcoin is that it only takes one successful application (as in how it is applied, use case, not as in 'app'), one successful service provider (which may be a BitPessa-type business or Circle or whatever), one country that welcomes its use with open arms, one immensely valuable feature built on top of it (such as Bitcoin 2.0 technologies) for it to raise substantively in value.  Because if that happens then the demand for it for its use in that particular circumstance means many people can more depend on it as a store of value, reducing the amount available for daily transactions thus driving up the price.
It's use cases such as this that have an immense potential to be empowering people in struggling/emerging/abused economies that excite me most about bitcoin but that is a separate thing from looking at it as an investment.
@_date: 2014-10-14 08:32:17
Bitcoin could potentially ease the pain if Venezuelans had easier access to btc than to usd or gold - and if they can buy them at reasonable rates - and if they have have a good enough understanding to be able to not get ripped off in buying them - and if they have a good enough understanding in keeping them safe - and if they understand the risks well (i.e. that Bitcoin is in Beta and that it is by no means certain that it won't 'break' or for other reason go to zero) etc. etc.
tldr: As big an advocate as I am of Bitcoin I tire of oversimplified, misleading and often naiive headlines here!
@_date: 2014-04-27 10:18:37
Old!  Please draw attention to reposting old stuff.  I was 5 mins in before I remembered I'd heard it before!  Many speakers use a similar talk in multiple venues/videos so even something familiar-sounding from someone whose perspective I respect I listen to again.  But this space is moving so quickly it's a little frustrating to realise it's not similar but the same one as I heard last year!
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:16:33
Versus more less risky investment opportunities maybe but 20€ on something that likely would have been spent on another souvenir of Paris?  This is exactly the kind of sum I would like to see everybody other than the very poorest getting their hands on - especially in the form of a paper wallet that can simply be put away safely somewhere and left long term.  If it goes to nothing so what?  If it goes to the moon or beyond then their heirs have something worth having.
@_date: 2014-02-03 15:51:41
Of course it depends on 20% off what!  Can you afford to offer that discount on scale.  Would you be interested in doing a 28 apt resi block Twickenham area?  Do you have jobs of a similar scale in SW London you have done that we could look at? I'm out tonight but please PM me. 
@_date: 2014-07-18 08:35:41
I'm not saying I disagree with the essence of what is said but it cracks me up when Erik goes into full John Galt speech mode :)  The stylistic parallels are uncanny!
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:04:24
It's not about how much fiat the crypto is worth but what it buys.  Whilst  we know Bitcoin will always be money-supply deflationary it may well be severely price inflationary for a subtantial time.  People, as you say, would suffer if this were to happen.
@_date: 2014-05-24 00:33:20
Great to hear.  Good luck with the legal side of it.
@_date: 2014-05-24 09:26:59
Maybe initially, given the biggest jump has already been made but it immensely centralised and has high fees and taxes.  There is no way of doing bitcoins on SMS-only mobile phones so there will be a need for third parties but there also needs to be standards that enable compatibility for transactions between many providers, with the core technology, bitcoin, being totally decentralised.
I believe that so many people having already gotten used to mobile digital money with a currency with which they are familiar makes the barrier to entry for bitcoin less.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:55:21
If the OP has been working towards a holding of 1btc my guess is he has no intention of spending it anytime soon - in which case, for saving/holding cold storage is a good idea.  But if the op is also as excited about bitcoin as a concept and is also tempted to use it as a currency then the odds are pretty high he will buy more to play with.  I'd recommend people first buy to put away as savings then buy to play with :)
@_date: 2014-01-31 02:47:33
That was one of many really eloquently said profound things that came out of those hours of discussion.
My favourite from Andreas, and one on which I'd like to ask him to elaborate in London's Monday meetup was '[this technology] has disconnected monetary value from the source of a currency.  Monetary value is now an emergent attribute of a currency that reaches a level of transactional value that is accepted by a broader community.'
Even that single aspect of cryptocurrency illustrates the magnitude of change we are witnessing and being a part of.  Sleep-deprivingly inspirational!!
@_date: 2014-07-10 09:59:58
I use a PiperWallet to generate keypairs and print my paper wallets because it's a simple way of creating an airgap, thus unhackable.
I then use the blockchain.info app to sweep a wallet, temporarily giving me access to some coins, spending/selling/giving away then immediately afterwards sending all but loose change back to a freshly printed wallet :)
Looking now to use the m of n PiperWallet feature with different locations to eradicate the vulnerability of single point of failure.
@_date: 2014-07-25 08:16:37
That's as far as I got too.  Kinda started out well but Billyrock talking about Cypriots buying bitcoin to protect their wealth blahblahblabblah!!
@_date: 2014-03-24 11:46:12
Great long term goal (which might just be a very short while away if this crypto use goes exponential).  However, in the meantime are you really saying you don't want people using fiat to arb prices let's say between the Philippines and Argentina out of principle?  Because if you are what you're asking for (even if the value were stable enough for this to be realistic) are two economies, in the P where things would priced outrageously high in bitcoins and in A where things are priced outrageously low until such a time that vast quantities of goods are exported from A to P for bitcoins.  Until then you are asking low paid Filipinos worldwide out of principle to lose a chunk of value in sending remittances and Argentinians desperate to get money out of Pesos to pay an absolute fortune for their bitcoins.  We do need bitcoin purists but we also need realists!
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:49:29
Does it need to be a US bank account or would a USD bank account in another country do?
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:22:33
Since I bought a PiperWallet last year I've not looked back.  It is very simple to have an 'air gap' between the creation of my paper wallets and the internet so all the issues with hacking/key-logger etc. just isn't relevant.  I then use a blockchain.info android app to sweep the private keys when I want access to bitcoins. Spend/sell/give away as required then send all but small change to a new paper wallet.
@_date: 2014-02-25 12:50:29


Just a word of warning:   
Bitcoins in brainwallets with easily cracked passwords are being hacked.  Bitcoins in brainwallets with easily forgotten passwords are being lost.
Everything has a risk.
@_date: 2014-01-31 10:49:56
Does anyone know how significant the Argentine migrant worker population in the US (or in Europe come to that)?  I'm finding it difficult to find stats on this.
If it is significant and there is a means of getting in touch with your local Argentine community - particularly, those who regularly send remittances home, and offer to do a talk or just to go meet some individually to introduce Bitcoin to them this could increase the inflow of Bitcoins into Argentina and drive down the price.
In the Philippines the problem appears to be the opposite,  more Bitcoins flowing into the country through remittances and charity with not much demand for Bitcoin to export.  I guess (and hope) with time people will find ways of taking advantage of the other side of what is required.
Getting back to Argentina I had not realised btctrip was Argentine.  They appear fairly competitive for inter-European flights which I do frequently.  That may be a way I can support the inflow of Bitcoins into Argentina.
@_date: 2014-09-29 10:08:45




Sources please?


You really do have a high opinion of your own opinion don't you? ;)
To be fair, if you squint in a certain way and ignore many features/aspects of Bitcoin it can look like an MLM/Pyramid/Ponzi and you are free to hold that opinion of course.  You have shown by your responses to those pointing out how it is not, some well, admittedly some not so well, that you have no interest in seeing things any way other than how you want to see them - and to be fair you are in 'esteemed' company ( - search 'ponzi', they put your point very well)
You've got to squint a bit to see it like gold or early stock investments too though I think they are more useful comparisons.  A more useful comparison in principle though the process was much slower is to say buying bitcoins in 2010 was akin to buying inner city real estate lets' say in the 1920s.  In London for instance a good sized terrace house might have cost £400 then.  And just as bitcoin early adopters can argue it was a risk because there were all kind of reasons it might have failed and by implication that the increase in their net worth (marked to market) is deserved/earned, so can the decendents of property owner say London might not have become a world class city (what if Hitler had won etc.)
My point is that in both cases the increase in value of the land on which the property sits, as the value of the limited numbers of bitcoins, as a consequence of the activities of others.  I say to early adopters 'well done', 'good judgement call' and also please admit it, you were really lucky!
@_date: 2014-02-25 14:04:34
My solution is quite comedic but is a reasonable workaround in my eyes till something like the Trezor comes out:  I bought a Piper paper wallet generator and printer and keep all but giveaway amounts off line.  If I'm going somewhere where it's likely I might want to spend some (or just at home wanting to buy flights or something online) I sweep the contents of an appropriately loaded paper wallet onto my blockchain.info android app on my phone and spend/send accordingly.  When I've done what I thought I wanted I generate/print a new paper wallet with my Piper and send all but giveaway amounts back to the paper wallet.  I also carry a small value paper wallet with me in my physical wallet in case I should wish to load up my blockchain.info wallet whilst out.
@_date: 2014-09-14 18:23:29
The world knows what NASA is because they did some mighty historic things.  Why would you expect some randomer from who knows where in the world to have heard of the company that NASA now outsources its rockets to?!
@_date: 2014-01-09 01:55:51
One would hope it will be the trigger to re-assess the whole taxation philosophy and go to what would have been the most sensible solution from day 1: Land Value Tax.
As it stands the owners of land are handed a gift of increased value by everybody who is economically, protectively (and even aesthetically) active in the region.  LVT says that increased value should be available for public services.
@_date: 2014-07-09 13:18:11
Maybe it's another bath to put your baby in if trusting third parties and everything that goes on with banking is not to your taste?!
I'm UK based too and I even have a UK-based Euro account so I don't even have to pay a SEPA fee (I just lose a little on the exchange between same-bank GBP and EUR transfer).  Like you and the author of this piece I'm not one of the unbanked or underbanked but I am aware that for those who are (even in the UK I've heard 12% banded about which is not insubstantial), for those who like the idea of doing their own basic banking, for those who sense there's something amiss with the way banks create pounds out of thin air, QE, the immensity of the UK's debt, what to many is looking like a stockmarket bubble etc. etc. we now have a trustless system that requires no third party.
Oh, and there's also the ridiculousness of trying to make ancient credit card technology work over the internet.  This is how silly it is: Let me who is selling you something create a secure channel so that you can give me the information on your payment card which is valid for 5 years then you can trust me only to take from that account what you gave me permission to and then either to keep your information safe till it's out of date or delete it.... versus: I'll give you my bitcoin address (which nobody can abuse) and you pay me what we agreed!
By all means stick to what works for you - just be grateful as you're bleeping your cards around collecting card points paying it all off monthly so it costs you nothing that others are trying to find a way of not losing 10%+ to Western Union sending home to the family they left behind the money they've scraped together after having moved 1000s of miles for a low paid job, sharing accommodation etc. to minimise expenses. - or just be grateful you're not living in Argentina where even if you're as well off as you are it can make more sense to buy brand new cars because they lose value slower than if you'd keep your money in the currency of your own country. - etc. etc.
It's not about babies and bathwaters.  It's about not all of us being in the same boat!
@_date: 2014-09-08 10:10:05
Do any of the Filipinos here know whether there are indications of bitcoins being used for remittances yet? 
As the third biggest recipient of international personal remittances worldwide (2012) @ approx 10% of GDP by my guestimatation there's about 1% of GDP currently going to the likes of WU which could instead be being received by the intended recipients were there either enough vendors accepting btc as payment or a liquid enough and easily accessible market to convert to PHP at a comparative rate to the buying price in the sender countries.
I'm just wondering whether we're seeing inroads into this yet?
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:05:51
...and this is where I draw the line.  Great that many people seem to be 'with the program' in terms of the current trend of using bits.  And I understand why they would want to enroll all of us in the new apparent convention.  However there's no 'fault'!  It's simply freely chosen preference.  And being a stubborn bugger the more people tell me or ask me to stop using mBTC the more obstinate I'm likely to be about it!
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:11:48
I know what you mean about your bitcoins feeling more precious than fiat but without wanting to be a wet blanket I'd be wary of using this belief in making an assessment of risk.  '...it can't fare worse than just putting it in the bank' is simply incorrect!  It could very well for a significant number of known reasons and even some we don't know about be much much worse.  I'm not saying don't have more than x% etc. I seriously have a higher proportion that is wise in bitcoins but I also don't kid myself as to the magnitude of the risk I'm taking.
tl;dr Keep it real!
@_date: 2014-05-24 10:58:49
This is what fascinates me.  I'm sticking to mBTC atm because I like it relative to the price of things including the fiats I'm most used to dealing with.  However I don't see what is fundamentally easier to understand about a millionth of a bitcoin than a thousandth of a bitcoin other than a catchy name.
Having said that of course if a catchy name catching on is all that's required and the other divisions get abandoned then I'm not going to be stubborn about it!
@_date: 2014-01-09 10:28:01
They can - and it is why many socialists don't like LVT - because it involves acceptance that some companies - such as Google's data centre in the middle of nowhere - will not necessarily be paying any more tax than they do today.  If the priority is to 'get more out of the rich/the successful/big business' LVT is not for you.
However if the priority is a means of raising tax that does not punish success, rather raises revenue by ensuring land owners are not perpetually getting richer as a consequence of the free 'gifts' of the active (which may include landowners); or if the priority is to release swathes of land for increased housing or factories or other business premises; or if the priority is to eradicate the ridiculous tax burdens in all other activities thus stimulate the economy; or if the priority is to create a situation where the land one owns is the only thing that is relevant to calculating one's tax therefore eliminating the need for governments to need to know about our other assets/economic activity; or if the priority is to eliminate in one stroke the increased difficulty in collecting taxes with the rise of censorship-proof money and easier/cheaper/less visible international transfer - then LVT is a pretty promising principle :)
Looking at things this way, whilst Google might still pay very little (because they're stimulating the economy without disadvantaging others who could use useful land) Starbucks on the other hand would end up paying an absolute fortune (identical to the family-run coffee shop next door) for the high-value locations they need.
@_date: 2014-03-25 11:13:20
I understood it to mean from when Kraken's bank initialises the SEPA.  For instance my bank will not submit a SEPA request after 2pm until the following day meaning receipt of the funds could take up to 24 hours from whenever the bank submits it the following day.
I only say this for clarification of my understanding of it.  I can not see how even this delay would result in something as long as is being talked about in this particular case.
@_date: 2014-01-31 03:03:57




That'll be 137 million out of a world population of 7 billion and 26 out of 180+ countries.
Of course keep using PP if it's what makes most sense for your particular circumstance.  I would just advise not basing your view of the future on the assumption that others' circumstances are the same as your own.
@_date: 2014-04-27 10:26:32
'Dangerous' is a strange word to use.  I was guessing it might have been something useful like warning people not to lose their coins to fraud/theft or password/file mismanagement but apparently the 'danger' is price fluctuation.
@_date: 2014-02-07 06:11:31
Generation after generation of Russian people have been well and truly screwed by successive regimes.  Whether or not it is Bitcoin, some large wave of decentralised currency WILL one day break over the country giving its people access and the benefits that come with it.  In the meantime, Russia closes its borders to freedom once more to everyone's detriment.
@_date: 2014-05-24 00:22:40
I'm not sure which I am more bored by these days, those who are insistent they know for definite that a deflationary is what works best or those just as certain they know the opposite!  But I do appreciate the arguments being well articulated so thank you :)
The beauty of the bitcoin experiment is this ancient argument is in the process of being proven and we will I guess within a few more years have an answer.  Not much point in getting ourselves blue in the face trying to convince ourselves/others that we are right when we can just place our bets and wait :)






Good luck with the former!  And help yourself to the latter - nobody's stopping you!  If you do want to question your own viewpoint I would suggest there are worse places to start than to ask the question '... works for whom?'
@_date: 2014-02-12 09:38:02
Likewise with my Android wallet.  First it rejects my pin no. then when I use the password option it fails to synch with the server and instructs me to check my internet connection.  In the meantime I am typing this on my laptop which is tethered to my phone so I know my connection is fine.
@_date: 2014-02-03 00:54:36
If there is anyone to be concerned about I'd say it was early adopters.  Yet they're largely geeks and voluntaryists keen on the bigger picture, not working on the greater fool theory.  As for rich investors coming in now trying to 'buy up bitcoin' in either of two scenarios I don't see a problem.  If they're buying with the intention of being rich in a Bitcoin world at some point they will want to either invest or spend - either/both good.  If they think it's a short-term thing and will at some time be looking for the 'greater fool' (in their eyes) then good luck to them with their timing getting out!  These types tend to be weak hands and are likely to be shaken out by a downtrend, possibly even a deliberate one by a bigger whale intent on having them for lunch :)
@_date: 2014-09-08 12:09:21
Thank you.  Good to hear and all the best with it.
@_date: 2014-03-24 19:25:23
If I remember rightly that was 'may one day be worth' based on some pretty wild assumptions.
@_date: 2014-05-15 12:06:49
It's funny how different people experience different things.  To me the plus and minus percentage system is intuitive!
@_date: 2014-07-11 15:18:11
Good for whom?  If having money for a rainy day or to raise kids/keep them safe/educated/clothed/fed etc. is good then saving is good! Of course in the context of this discussion saving in bitcoin 'for a rainy day' is fine providing the rainy day isn't an instant demise of bitcoin but you get my drift.  Saving itself isn't the problem to the economy, it's the transition from going to a 'spending more than we earn' to a 'spending less than we earn' economy.  That may take a while and be painful but that's not a problem with saving, rather a problem with having lived beyond our means for so long.
@_date: 2014-09-10 13:29:54
I never quite figured this out and I'm reluctant generally - especially if just scanning a qr code and whizzing it over is so easy and I don't have to give all my details - to give more info about me than I have to.
If I keep a record of GBP value of donations made I can claim it back against tax anyway (which means if I'm going to be meticulous I could just add the tax to what I'm giving in the first place) because it's coming off my tax bill anyway.  Is there something I'm missing here?
@_date: 2014-04-10 16:17:15
the simplest option (though it does mean trusting the integrity of Mike Caldwell) is to buy him a casascius physical bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-05-15 11:30:55
Took me a while to 'Buying Bitcoins Near' was all about too!  I would like that I have the option to set my own location and those of my offers to update as I move from city to city.  I had forgotten I had Mycelium on my phone and had forgotten to change my location a couple of weeks back and have been trying to sell bitcoins a few hundred miles away from my current location!
@_date: 2014-06-03 15:01:12
Thanks for reminding me of that video.  Long time since I saw it.   I agree adoption is likely to take the 'S' curve but Bitcoin isn't Facebook or Twitter.  Their stock irrespective of success do not undermine the value of precious metals or more significantly, fiat currencies.  D'Angelo points out the early pre-float fluctuations in business evaluations that lessen with time but bitcoin isn't a business so calling its units 'stock' only works so far as an analogy.  It certainly does not tell us what the shape of the price chart will be even if we can be confident what the distribution/use chart ('S') will look like.
Everybody's 'eventual evaluation' predictions are wildly speculative at best and I think even though the price will be worth paying to have a system much less prone to gaming by governments and banks the cost will likely I fear be borne by many many for whom it will be painful.
I hope you're right though!!
@_date: 2014-09-14 18:46:42
Oh, the cynycism ;)  So we're maybe a bit too used here to vapourware here and yes, it's not $35 for Americans and it's no good for you anyway because it doesn't support your bandwidths yet.  But funnily enough, you (actually we because we don't really need them in the UK either) are not its primary target audience are we?!  But I may just get one for the fun of it :) 
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:53:03
I would contend it's not safe to make such presumptions when the content regulators of this sub took sides early on and prevented an healthy discussion representing all sides such that it's easy to get a false impression of whatever the 'economic majority' is.
@_date: 2017-02-05 12:27:01
I'll second this - and especially make sure to find other sources than this sub before making your decision. They use a particular technical definition of 'alt coin' here to suppress a balanced discussion on this topic.
@_date: 2017-02-05 07:48:27
Thank you for illustrating so clearly exactly what I mean! Let me see if I can represent your reasoning here:
In order to qualify as 'expert', people - irrespective of their experience, contribution, clear expertise need also to have come to the same conclusion as you.
Now it is safe to confidently and arrogantly claim that 'all the experts' agree on the way forward - which just happens to be the same way forward you want! 
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:54:47
Yes, you can do it as others have explained.  My warning would be not to just set it up and forget about it given the default for a service like Coinbase is that your coins end up in a hosted wallet i.e. someone other than you has ultimate control over your coins.  If long-term is your goal periodically empty your hosted wallet account sending the coins to cold storage (the safest newbie solution to that imo being something like a Piper paper wallet generator/printer).
Last night I happened upon a couple, one of which said 'yes, Bitcoin, we bought a couple a while back but we lost them with that company that went bust.'  The other afterwards confirmed it was gox - and that was the end of their interest: Bitcoins = too risky and they have no interest in looking further into it.  I would not like to be in their shoes in a few years' time if bitcoin gets to tens or hundreds of thousands per coin.  I have nothing against Coinbase - just beware hosted wallets!
@_date: 2014-07-18 22:03:27
I'm intrigued - do tell what connotations you see in 'bean counter' that would imply any racism let alone 'super racist' - or am I missing the sarcasm?
@_date: 2017-02-05 12:10:48
OK, fair play, I can see that. It's one way of looking at it.
However, most 'circle jerk' scenarios are not binary. It pains me to stretch the metaphor to 'reluctant circle jerkers' which is what you have with big blockers currently choosing core's bitcoin as the least worst option (in comparison with alts). However, what we don't know is how many, as, if and when it comes to decision time (remembering also that doing nothing, holding coins on both chains is a winner and is no longer exclusively supporting Core*) will make the choice to go jerk to Core's tune!
*if we put to one side valuation v. fiat over the split period
@_date: 2014-07-09 06:44:03
For most who got in on the golden age of land-buying (plus the house that was on it - which incidentally, if you don't count the land value, is just as affordable as ever) it is by far the biggest contributor to the inequality of wealth opportunity between the generations.
Land Value Tax is the perfect solution to this problem, recognising ownership of the land itself whilst tapping in on the increase in (rental) value that occurs as a consequence of demand which increases as a consequence of &lt;i&gt;everybody's&lt;/i&gt; activities - yes folks, that includes us non-land-owners.  Again, those owning land are the sole beneficiaries of a 'free' wealth that occurs as a by-product of everybody's productive activities  in a particular location.  LVT is a means of raising public revenue without penalising the productive.  Even if you're a minarchist or libertarian at the Ayn Rand end of the scale I challenge you to find a more just means of accomplishing this which even itself could be seen as a by-product of a process that would bring home ownership back within the grasp of more than a tiny minority of this and future generations.
@_date: 2017-02-05 00:43:14
Of course, Gavin and Mike and others had no technical expertise. /s The superiority complex of the core advocates just comes over as arrogant and is boring by now. The only reason you get away with it is because people who don't agree are hounded out of this sub which likes to pretend there is only one side to the debate - that debate that in practical terms, on the ground, in the trenches of hashrate, it's beginning to see and panic that it's actually losing!
@_date: 2017-02-05 12:24:53
By all means, reduce your holding if you want to reduce your risk before the fork. However, you're also risking - if the fork goes well (either way) and one side comes out victorious - that you won't be able to afford to buy back in to the extent of your previous holding. Nothing is without risk.
Also, I suspect you won't have to wait that long because the losing fork might get trounced into irrelevance. In which case, just ensure  before you next send bitcoin anywhere that the wallet you're using supports the winning coin.
@_date: 2017-02-15 19:04:52
Thank you so much for suggesting Szabo's essay. Fascinating!
I don't think, in this instance, it is possible to separate politics from engineering (if you're including the economics repercussions of maintaining the transaction bottleneck under your 'politics' classification). 
I'd like to point out too that I'm not trying to imply anything about 'should'. I'm saying the built-in incentives are such that if the purist engineers are ignoring the economic outcomes they're imposing on all users, they're risking losing control over development.
This is a decentralised system. It, since the Genesis block, has not and will not comply with anybody's ideas of the way things 'should' go. The way it goes, including the implementation that ends up building the dominant chain, will emerge from the combined actions of all those involved. 
@_date: 2017-02-15 19:13:05
It may well be 'subpar' from a pursit technological perspective but it may also be VHS v. Core's Betamax
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:46:34
Yet more evidence of the one-sidedness of discussion on this sub is that people get away with saying things like 'the stability of the bitcoin network is [the] target [... of ...] people pushing a hard fork' and nobody bats an eyelid. Astounding!
@_date: 2017-02-18 23:54:19
Good luck.
@_date: 2017-02-15 19:09:29
I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about Gavin, Mike and those who, after banging their heads against the brick wall that was the unmoving Core, walked away.
I'm not either 'boohoo-ing'. I'm saying Core and those who used underhand editorial power here and on bitcointalk to supress open and honest discussion only have themselves to blame when they find, as is looking increasingly likely, that the whole SW project falls through and when the pressures of those who want to use bitcoin today, combined with the built-in incentives, will take their beloved purist project away from them.
@_date: 2017-02-15 20:09:26
Funny you should mention rent when an increasing proportion of their income is the economic rent arising from competition to get through the transaction bottleneck. As I see it, the increasing numbers of miners are coming round to the idea that the short-term artificial-transaction-scarcity-induced gains are likely to be less than the value of open-free-fee-market lower-per-transaction gains if the transactions per block are higher and quite possibly too, the $value of fees due to an increased bitcoin valuation.
@_date: 2017-02-08 23:51:37
I'm not disregarding your whole argument. I appreciate your putting it in such a reasonable manner. I will pick up on one point though...
I don't know of many who disagree with the high likelihood of an increase in resourse requirement leading to a decrease in percentages. But even there, I'd caution about claiming too hard a connection given there are so many other factors e.g. the decreasing proportion of new users who are into Bitcoin for idealogical reasons - factors that could also be and will likely lead to a lowering percentage of nodes.
My main point on this issue though, is that as I understand it, it's not percentage that counts in terms of nodes, rather absolute numbers. And if the increase in users increases such that the absolute number goes up then I see no reason to be concerned.
Just as you fear reducing nodes because of higher resource demand, I fear reducing nodes from a stalling growth by pricing many use cases out of Bitcoin.
We can make intelligent guesses but what I'm asking is that we try where we can and acknowledge someone with a different conclusion isn't necessarily ignorant or has malicious intent etc.
This kind of exchange, however, I do find refreshingly healthy so thank you :)
@_date: 2017-02-18 22:34:11
I think you've been here long enough to know the tactic used here was to deliberately define 'Bitcoin' in a particular way that would exclude discussion of implementations that are not core-compatible as altcoins - which are not to be promoted here.
What it means is that only OPs stating how terrible BU is (almost exclusively consisting of misunderstandings and lies) are allowed. So the only option left on this sub to those who want to address these is to oppose them in the comments. Sure, many BU advocates are extremely frustrated and angry at core and particularly at the pathetic attempt to prevent discussion - hence the general tone about which I'm not happy either. However, all I said was you made me laugh :)
The irony is that hashpower (when it's clear there'll be little resistence from others) is what will determine the outcome. Hence I think the Core and SW fanbois getting more shrill in your tone - such as in your last post. Sure ban anyone that shows any indication of supporting BU here - but don't come crying when out of the blue, your 'SW and LN will save the world' house of cards will come crashing down around you as something that better serves the needs of those who want to use Bitcoin as we always have takes the reigns.
@_date: 2017-02-03 14:40:33
If after not paying close attention to the bitcoin space recently, one could be forgiven, reading only this sub, for coming to the conclusion (as this OP would love everybody to) that there is only one reasonable solution.
I too acknowledge - and am quite excited about some - off-chain scaling solutions. And many here would like you to think it's an either / or situation. There are leading proponents of the core / segwit who out of principle, don't want any more on-chain capacity than segwit offers - indefinitely. They are operating under the assumption that Bitcoin is well enough established that we can temporarily drop the 'electronic cash' use cases (and lose subsequent demand) by changing it into a settlement only layer - all BEFORE desparately needed third party off-chain solutions (or any form of scaling) are ready for roll-out. I'd rather not wait and find out - and I'm not currently fancying segwit's chances of ever making it. The more vociferous core members will even try and sell it as a good idea to deliberately have a transaction bottleneck IN ORDER to force quicker development of the off-scale solutions. They say BU is risky. But nothing is without risk - including another year of stalemate which could result in the settlement only users wondering why after turning everybody else away, it lost momentum and fizzled to nothing.
If you want to learn more about this, however, you'll need to look elsewhere. As the post above shows, the only BU-referenced posts allowed here are those BU-bashing so the responses reinforce and amplify the pro-core circle-jerk - which is the mod's intention.
The question you may want to ask is if this is the case, how come BU is doing so well? Of course according to the gang here it's because we're stupid and paid by a small number of rich folks pushing it. You may wish to read elsewhere too before coming to that conclusion though.
All the best!!
@_date: 2017-02-06 19:41:46
Thank you for the clarity and the constructive way with which you responded. I'm not persuaded but it's good to read a reasonable-sounding case for core and SW that doesn't contain stuff I fundamentally disagree with. Food for thought - which unfortunately, is a pretty rare thing here these days!
@_date: 2017-02-05 08:27:07
Correction: It's never been a debate HERE! I wonder why?! /s
@_date: 2017-02-05 11:35:24
Thank you for responding in a more civil manner than my criticism deserved.


I would tend to agree. The problem is, they also ensure only code that conforms with their economic world view comes out and that's got nothing to do with technical expertise. I suspect, and I'm not the only one who suspects, they've severely misjudged here what the whole bitcoin space requires and our suspicions are looking more likely to have some merit with every day the BU hashing power increases.
Post-fork, good devs have a choice to continue working on whatever remnants of a core coin exists, to join another alt coin where the views of its users concur with theirs or - assuming they didn't sell all their coins - to join with the team that may at the moment appear to be weak in comparison, because it is by so doing their coins and the future of Bitcoin (assuming the ridiculous insistence of those here to call it an altcoin) is most likely to come to fruition.
@_date: 2017-02-04 23:20:52
Sure, and we're all paid by Roger Ver and are really stupid and don't want bitcoin to succeed yadayada.
@_date: 2014-10-13 15:27:37
What a perfect explanation as to why the number of transactions are going down, as are the value of transactions, the number of merchants, the amount of VC money etc.etc......
Oh, no, wait... They're not!  Only the price is going down overall so it's really silly if he wants to retain credibility to at least look whether that is reflected in the fundamentals before explaining why something that isn't happening is happening!
Principal error of course is the assumption that bitcoin is of less use as a means of transaction if the price is less.  As long as it's worth to the recipient in terms of purchacing power (directly or via an exchange) not far off what it is for the sender then it works.
@_date: 2014-09-28 11:53:10
Just a quick one to thank you both for carrying this one through to its conclusion.  I enjoyed the civility and reasoning you both maintained.  Nothing here I had neither heard nor thought of before but it's good to be reminded of these important points.
@_date: 2017-02-05 11:21:10
I suspect (and hope) that Unlimited miners won't switch until, not only they have significantly more than 75% of the hashing power, but that they also have confidence that a significant 'economic majority' is on-side. Most people in both camps appear to be in agreement that a split coin is not in the long term interest of Bitcoin users so my guess is that if / as / when this happens, some bigger players on the BU side will choose to 'double down' and also attack and practically destroy the minority chain* - which is much easier to do with BTC than it would have been ETH due to:
i) the different difficulty protocols;
ii) the fact it can be planned for and funded in advance;
iii) the entirely different scale and nature of the mining, nodes distribution, coin distribution etc.
The likelihood in my opinion is it won't happen till it's almost certain it'll only leave one coin in short order. But I'm not going to sell coins from the fork I don't like to buy more of the others. I'll wait it out and see what those with a lot more at stake will do. I suspect most - even most of those here who are most derogatory of the BU project and its advocates - will do likewise. What happens next will then depend on whether enough people with enough clout of the Core diehards will put their money where their mouths are and manage to keep what they will forever insist is their 'genuine' bitcoin afloat with new POW hard forks (to prevent attacks or to prevent the need to wait forever for the difficulty adjustment required to continue) - a hard fork which, ironically after all the years of preaching otherwise, will suddenly become a reasonable action to sustain their minority coin!
*I'm not advocating for this, nor taking a moral stand. I'm just saying it's likely to happen even if the first to claim he will doesn't have the resources nor the balls to carry it through.
@_date: 2017-02-15 15:07:48
Mining power centralisation arising from increased block size is a new one on me. The argument I'm familiar with is node-centralisation.
As I understand it, from observation and from listening to the likes of Andreas Antonopolous, the peak in mining centralisation is passed in that there are more actors and even more pools in play now than for some time. If you're talking about mining manufacture centralisation, that's a different matter. Either way, your confidence expressed as 'Ain't gonna happen' appears more definite than the current scenario would justify. I'm more inclined to say SW 'ain't gonna happen', yet I don't see Bitcoin surviving without either a block size increase or SW as a dead-cert either. So we'll have to see what gives in the end.
@_date: 2017-02-15 14:59:30
An attempt to get past the stalemate of the last two years.
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:18:05


Not so! The soft fork advocates have the implications in the language on their side but all may not be what at first it seems... 
@_date: 2017-02-01 16:27:53
Thanks :) Interesting. The most interesting to me, however, seems to be the elephant in the room - tangentially referred to in your closing paragraph - i.e. the transaction-throughput bottleneck, its impact, what's being proposed and the what the more and likely outcomes. Referred to as the 'civil war' in Bitcoin, I'm wondering whether it is absent from your list because you don't find it interesting, because the mods and core supporters here like the front page to look like all is well or some other reason. Care to elaborate?
If I may politely suggest a factual, if inadvertent misrepresentation in your case:  'tries to mine' is not, as I understand it what happened. It was a BU bug that led to an invalid block being mined - which brought a problem to light, followed by a fix and valuable lessons (apparently different ones for different people, according to their preconceived ideas ;) ).
@_date: 2017-02-15 12:43:31
A late acknowledgement for your response, to say I agree with your view that a majority opinion has nothing to do with what is good, best or ethical! I think I could have said I hope, if something does change such that we move on either to SW i'r BW, that those who take the actions that result in that change make the choice that best serves today and future Bitcoin users. I agree that those with a deeper technical understanding may be better qualified to make a better judgement than those with the biggest influence. However, there is more to this than pure technical considerations and I'm not convinced that those with the deepest technical understanding - including the consensus of Core developers - are best qualified to make decisions that have immense economic repercussions. When it comes to the economic considerations, I'm more inclined to trust my own judgement and therefore hope the miners will choose BU and that Core / SW fans with nodes, exchanges and other services won't risk throwing the baby out with the bathwater by trying to keep a 'core-coin' going and such that we end up with two severely compromised coins (in terms of network advantage and hashing security). But that's just me :) All the best.g
@_date: 2017-02-05 11:57:19
On balance I find more civilised discussion (as in not outpourings of hate) here because of the continued expressive bursts of frustration dominating the other discussions. 
However, you do realise don't you that only OPs with negative - even if outrageously misleading, which most of them are - views of BU are allowed here? Therefore advocates may only have a voice here in the depths of the up-voted Core-supporting circle-jerk.
My solution is to hang out here for most bitcoin general news - not relating to the contentious and utterly unbalanced issue. And to freely discuss that in places that facilitate such discussions. (actually my reddit shortcut is to so depending on how up for bitter (and open) or civil (and limited) discussion I am in the moment.
@_date: 2017-02-15 14:25:43
'The science' says so? Oh, sorry, I must be wrong then! /s
There's a difference between technical expertise and economic expertise. Whilst I acknowledge Core as having the former, I prefer to trust my own judgment on the latter.
I'm not saying we can 'have a much larger scale Bitcoin blockchain while retaining its trustlessness'. We can all  take a pretty good guess that taken to the extreme, we could not. So it's a matter of degree. I was OK with the block chain growing as it did before the cap was hit. I was happy to see 2nd tier and large-expansion technologies in the pipeline as the realisation that there would be a problem with too large blocks was becoming more apparent. I'm not OK with Core's choice to have blocked any attempts to increase the block size till SEGWIT. I'm certainly not OK with - and hence responded to in almost as over-simplistic and facetious a tone as the post I was responding to - people getting away with ridiculous over-generalisations designed to make people with a different opinion (big blockers) look stupid!
@_date: 2017-02-05 12:03:16
Sure, it's popcorn-worthy. But I can't help but to go all out 'someone's wrong on the internet' sometimes because the way the community has gone with this sub's insistence that it's OK to use a particular, narrow technical definition of an 'alt coin' to justify stifling discussion of a topic the mods want only one side to be seen - a topic, it turns out, is bringing bitcoin literally to a fork in the road!
@_date: 2017-02-17 14:45:27


Thanks for the laugh :D Not often do I almost splutter my tea over the keyboard with amusement from reading here!
Re. the topic, I get the impression we are talking at cross purposes. Not to worry. Be well :)
@_date: 2017-02-05 01:10:28
Lightning Network (if it was ready today and could be used on top of bitcoin today, with all other factors unchanged) could represent 200+ transactions.
Doesn't quite read the same when you give it a context does it?
27c - and increasing - fee means a decreasing proportion of transaction attempts actually make it through, thus (until there's a l2 that's user ready and gaining traction) reducing the potential use cases for bitcoin. Some are clearly happy with this but good luck with having it as a useful store of money when you've reduced its usefulness to just a store of money and a small number of large value transactions.
@_date: 2017-02-15 14:15:15
From a certain perspective, ignoring the history of the block-size debate, I guess you could say BU is 'stalling' bitcoin. However, from another, and co with their blocking of any consensus on an increase in block-size until it came as part of the package they wanted to wrap it up in, have been stalling bitcoin for years. Now all of a sudden, anybody whose not singing their praises for finally having offered a slightly increased transaction-bottleneck on their terms is seen as 'stalling'? Hmmm!
@_date: 2014-05-24 11:09:05
Feeling cheerful today are we? ;)
@_date: 2017-02-08 23:54:15
Thank you for clarifying. Thanks also for suggesting giving more attention outside of reddit. Tbh, whether here or the other place, I've been finding it all rather disheartening and frustrating so maybe it's time to give reddit a rest and get into twittersphere see if that gives me more healthy food for thought. Regards,g
@_date: 2017-02-05 08:59:07
From my particular Georgist (or geo-libertarian)  perspective, that's because the 'free market' concept the ancaps advocate adopted the neo-con conflation of land and capital (in contrast to the classical economist's clear distinctions).
An alternative foundational economic rule could include an enforced acknowledgment that none of us created land, therefore we all jointly own it. If that was the world we lived in, we'd have a fluid rental market for land where (whichever the balance of nature-provided and community-generated value), the ongoing payment for the advantages of sole title to a plot compensates all those who no longer have access to it (by splitting location-value rents collected equally to everybody on earth). As a bonus, everybody then has a source of income from which to pay for governance that doesn't penalise productive activity and work.
tl;dr: I agree. A free market that incudes location benefit going to land-owners will inevitably end up with the vast majority of everybody's earnings in the pockets of an increasingly smaller number of landlords.
@_date: 2017-02-05 14:13:24
Core had years to compromise and chose not to, alienating key members who disagreed with them. Their gamble to go all in with SW requiring 95% consensus essentially means, as far as I can see, it's dead in the water. They might have more credibility if their sister company were actually ready to roll out a fully functional Lightning network to allow more than their little give-away of the re-organisation-based on-chain capacity increase. But they don't and the longer this stalemate goes on, the larger the pressure caused by the blocksize bottleneck and the higher the likelihood of the BU fork happening in contrast to SW activation which is currently looking like it will never happen.
@_date: 2017-02-28 15:51:58
I'm getting the impression many core-supporters get the words 'fee' and 'free' mixed up - the above being a prime example!
If I were to say the current fee market is a a 'free market' in that it is like a limited-capacity bridge owner running an auction to raise as much from bridge users as possible, I think we'd both be in agreement so far?
But the Core scenario is as if the bridge owner (and friends) were to run a big smear and information / oposing opinion-stifiling campaign saying that anyone who dares build bigger bridges is not a bridge-builder and that their 'bridges' arent' real and they can't be safe because they're not built by us etc. etc. What's more, to those waiting to cross who can't afford the high tolls they're saying* 'in 2 weeks we'll be running a train service so you can all cross easier'. Problem is, though there are trains, they run on new-technology rails that have yet to prove themselves. And other bridge-owners and friends say 'Well, if you can't afford to cross, that's just tough luck! It wasn't meant for the likes of you anyway!'
*...and have for months been saying...
tl;dr: A significant proportion of current fees is what in economics terms is known as 'economic rent' (or monopoly rent) i.e. fees higher than they would be in an open and free market that arising out of scarcity - which is great in principle for coin issuance but ludicrous for coin usage!
@_date: 2017-02-05 13:11:09
You missed out in your quote of me that there was a proviso - i.e. ignoring valuation v. fiat (and maybe I should have added, other crypto).
It's an interesting idea that 'never having suffered a contentious hard fork'... 'keeps bitcoin safe' - especially given the increasing likelihood Bitcoin is going to have to handle that sooner rather than later. I'll be a lot more confident in its future once we've passed that and proved it can be done without obliterating its use cases and its network effect advantage.
Regarding the likelihood of a drawn-out two-living-forks scenario, I point out below why I think that's very unlikely: 
@_date: 2017-02-15 13:32:41
Smallblockers see Bitcoin's success as already 'in the bag' and believe it can maintain its hashing-power, its network advantage and its usefulness for the 3 approved use cases (censorship-resistance, settlement, store-of-value) whilst making it unpracticable to continue to use it for the use cases that got it to where it is today.
Bigblockers acknowledge how young and vulnerable Bitcoin is and do not want to take the risk of stripping away usecases (by deliberately sustaining a transaction bottleneck) whilst praying it can seamlessly transition into a settlement layer.
@_date: 2017-02-05 08:25:44
What you choose matters in relation to the economic significance of your actions in that it's the 'economic majority' which will determine whether a miner-triggered hard fork is acceptable or not.
What people here might be wise to consider quite a lot more than is apparent is that this 'economic majority' may not be the same as the post-count-based presumed 'community majority opinion' one gets exposure to here.
There's only one way to find out and it's looking increasingly likely we're going to find out the hard way. And I'm sorry for those (on whichever side it turns out was correct) who put their money where their mouth is and bet all-in on the losing coin.
@_date: 2017-02-05 10:23:36
If it makes you feel better to believe so...
@_date: 2015-01-29 00:25:45
in their favour (for non an-caps) is that they support LVT - replacing taxation of the productive with a levy on land-ownership that levels the playing field between businesses who rent and those who own their own premises.
@_date: 2017-02-09 20:49:53
Thanks again for taking the time, making the effort to respond so strongly and respectfully. I tip my hat to you sir (or madam)!


This is another thing I see spoken of as a given with the pro-core posse - and from the vocal element of core. There is no doubt this is one of the things to get excited about but we can all reasonably come to different conclusions as to what our hiararchy of critical features of Bitcoin are. Yours align with core. Great. Others' don't but the problem comes when others have different priority that core is dismissive of. There was some plea from core yesterday to join on board because no SW might jeapordise the ETF ffs! That certainly isn't in my top 10 of things about Bitcoin I'm exciting about.


This is another certainty from the Core side I'm seeing far too often for comfort. Sure, the price doesn't matter for cersorship resistent money but censorship resistent money that costs significant sums to get through a 'richest first' bottleneck may not, without a smooth transition SOON to integration with 2nd tier services, retain its attractiveness sufficiently to keep growing.
And if it doesn't keep growing, I wonder what proportion of hodlers would keep up as it drops through the orders of magnitude as it raised through them. Bitcoin has a MASSIVE network advantage but to slash away at its use cases whilst claiming 'we'll get there' with a cry of 'play it safe', not acknowledging all options have their associated risk, is I think still failing to acknowledge the whole picture.
Sure, core and fans can keep pushing for SW but in the end, the market will decide. Let's hope the more promising side - whichever that is and please acknowledge, not anyone can be certain, win :)
@_date: 2017-02-15 17:44:10
It's funny how this sub spends half its time saying BU is Ver's attempt to tank the bitcoin price so he makes on his alts and the other half saying the intention in releasing the transaction bottleneck is so the bitcoin price goes through the roof. We've yet to see whether or not this will materialise.
@_date: 2017-02-15 19:19:53
Miners will always be at the mercy of users. As far as I can see the only people reducing the ability of users to audit miners are those promoting non-node wallets and as far as I can tell, that's not the miners. The fact you know that running a full node with settings that will reject the work of miners with whom you disagree is proof that they are not a danger. You just need to persuade enough fellow full-node runners (and exchanges, merchant and others with more economic clout than yourself) to do likewise and to reject the same ones you choose to.
If, however, one day, you find yourself in a minority in rejecting blocks that are emerging as the new dominant block format, just be aware of what's at risk. And if your effort to stop the tide with your steadfast node fails, don't be blaming the miners. If they chose to act in such a way that brought the economic majority with them, maybe they weren't so stupid after all?!
@_date: 2017-02-05 10:14:42
One man's hard fork is another man's 51% attack! Difference is we* were all on the same side then, assuming 'we' the unified bitcoin advocates, were defending against 'them' the attackers of bitcoin. Of course, today there are many who narrow the definition of bitcoin significantly enough to try and term the potential BU fork in the same terms. But in order to do that one has to perform some mental gymanastics to write-off the arguments of those who support such a fork as 'attackers of bitcoin' and somehow convince themselves not only that we are wrong but we're duped, unintelligent or corrupt. Hanging out on this subredit with its policy of reinforcing this world view of course makes it easier to believe this is all true.
Just be wary though - and keep an eye out for that hashing race. There may be a point at which burying your head in the sand (especially to the extent in the event of a fork, betting one's coins on one fork) is going to hurt your pocket!
*Edit: Correction: the 'we' didn't include me back then. I was only coming across this stuff a month and getting involved a month or two later.
@_date: 2017-02-05 08:35:06
By 'It's already happened', are you referring to the bug that was reported on this sub as 'attempts a block at &gt;1MB? If so, be wary of believing what you read here!!
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:17:32
No, it's chess (nobody gets hurt) - and if you don't want to lose, it's no good playing defence forever, attack may also sometimes make sense.
@_date: 2017-03-09 20:21:59
We've yet to see if all use cases other than the three Core-approved ones are stripped away, whether it can survive as an asset. Even if it does, I suspect most who would like to use it for that will stay away (other than the wilder gambling speculators) until it is clear which fork is dominant going forward. I've gone through a period where I was quite confident BU would win - and eradicate core-coin. By now, I'm not sure - and I've decided it doesn't matter that much to me because I'm not going to place a bet either side (i.e. to buy or sell either chain coin) until it is clear what the outcome is.
@_date: 2017-03-13 23:55:29
I didn't say part of what you said is half true.
As I understand it there was no cover-up. The devs were more than happy to discuss it having released their statement to anyone who was willing to listen. My point was nobody who gets their info only from this sub would know about that of course - hence no surprise the claim would be made that there was a 'cover-up'.
Of course, if you have evidence of a 'cover-up' or saw or participated in the conversation afterwards and still believe there was one, I'd be interested in how you came to that conclusion.
@_date: 2017-02-15 17:39:04
Personally, if ill were being spoken of me, I'd prefer to know and at least to have the opportunity of responding. They are both more than welcome on my part to ignore me :) 
@_date: 2017-03-19 22:40:24
I'm not talking about core developers which I agree have nothing to do with moderation policies - other (with the exception of Adam recently) to have stood by and not told Theymos how ridiculous it was. 
Regarding your point 
i) Theymos since defining Classic as an altcoin has, with his minions, been free to respond to comments that can be interpreted as 'promoting' with the same response as people simply coming here to promote their shitcoins. By now, he may allow more though the backhanded way of shadow-banning and all kinds of nonsense still goes on (a post of mine yesterday disappeared).
ii) By 'the Core chorus' I don't mean actual developers who are passionately working towards their goals (misguided or not). I'm talking about the many vocal here who are so dismissive (in responses and in downvotes) of anyone and anything that does not talk of SW as the second coming!
@_date: 2014-07-05 07:25:43


Now why doesn't that surprise me?! Let's start with:


...followed by your repeated implication of people who disagree with your own superior assessment as 'uneducated' etc.
You do have an interesting point hidden among the insults but to me the overall impression was that your piece said 'I'm so far up my own arse I can't see that I am trying to engage with bitociners with a reasoned argument primarily by saying they're stupid'.  You might want to consider using a different tactic if you'd prefer to engage in debate rather than downvotes and dismissals.  I like that at the time of my writing this, leven after your pre-empted downvoting complaint the post is in the positive showing even when you write stuff people largely disagree with in a disparaging tone if you actually have an interesting point - which you do, sometimes r/bitcoin folk will give your argument the time of day.
@_date: 2017-03-12 12:06:24
I made the mistake of following your link to find it wasn't a 'discussion'. It was you stating your biased understanding repeatedly and failing / refusing to hear what was being said in response!
To sum up: it's the 'making it an altcoin' bit that, as far as I can see, is what you choose to take from what the exchanges have said, not what they actually said. I just read it and if you could take off your core-tinted-spectacles for a moment, you'd see most replies went out of their way to be neutral about it, whilst doing what they can to reassure the questioner they would allow 'coins to be withdrawn'.
The closest thing I could find that would support your 'altcoin' conclusion is Coinbase which, in combination with Charlie Lee's recent tweets, implies their present position is that they're not intending to 'support' the coin on the BU fork and for that reason, can not guarantee one would be able to withdraw it.
The most comedic reply in my eyes is Coinfloor's which reads to me like they'd rather not have the headache of the technological challenge. 
What any of them would actually do in the event of a fork is an entirely different matter. There are so many ifs, not least which is dominant and what the odds are ascertained to be that, for instance, a minority Core coin would recover sufficiently to orphan a BU fork with all its transactions.
Lee implies if a risk exists at all Coinbase would not support the BU chain. However, business reality is rarely that black and white. Would they (and maybe Coinfloor because they can't be bothered) stand by and see the other exchanges profit from the potentially substantial exchange fees to be made in what could be very heavy trading between the two? Only time will tell - and maybe we will never even know because we may not get to that - though I can't help but slightly hope that it would! The popcorn event of ETF rejection day will be peanuts in comparison to the rapidity of changing events on so many fronts (hashing, nodes, exchanges acceptance, price/s, commentary on the communication channels etc).
Of one thing I am getting more and more confident: the honey badger - in whatever form - will prevail - providing, that is, we don't take so long to get something done that we lose the market dominance to coin/ coins that are offering what people need more than Bitcion currently offers.
@_date: 2017-03-12 22:31:13
Clearly this exchange has no potential to be of benefit to anyone.
@_date: 2017-03-08 13:02:58
The potential is there, yes, but nobody, not least the poorest, should be speculating with any larger amounts than they are prepared to lose. And I certainly wouldn't want governments - in whom far too many people still have an unhealthy trust - to be encouraging such speculation.
... What's more, I'm never comfortable - hence my response here - with developed world bitcoin holders encouraging those with much less getting on board, thus boosting the value our holding.
@_date: 2017-03-09 10:41:59
I'm coming back to this one more time to explain the difference in case I feel the need to call you out on Core Newspeak another time:
The reasons for the introduction of the max block size and Core's arguments for keeping it today are not one and the same. To imply that they are, to brush over the fundamental differences is to rewrite history. Given the narrative you're pushing and your known agenda this jumped out at me as what Orwell was talking about. I consider drawing the parallel to be of public service in the interest of helping people not fall for the tactic.
On the other hand, your retort about 'deity' was an insult for the sake of an insult. There was nothing in my quoting of Satoshi that was an appeal to authority. I was simply pointing out the difference between then and now. (I could have quoted any in that thread but if it's Satoshi, there's no doubting it's someone who was involved and had an understanding - plus the fact it was he who put the limit in). I put the larger quote at the end for context. To react so strongly to even a reference to Satoshi smacks of desperation - to the apparent trend with those pushing the new Core agenda to distance themselves from Bitcoin's origins. I didn't draw attention to your using it because I was insulted (I wasn't) - just drawing your attention to it in relation to your proclaimed desire for respectful discourse that I'd acknowledged earlier.
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:12:46
Now you're being silly! 'hiring assasins'???!!!
Code, machines, games. That's all we're talking about here! Yes, sure, some people would lose a lot of money but bitcoin is experimental and everybody getting involved knows that. Some people also get not to be able to play with the coin that represents their ideal anymore (at least, not with the network advantage it has today and not without having to change PoW such that they can no longer claim it to be the 'original'). But where's the real harm? Who gets actually hurt? Who has anything robbed from them?
The primary point is this: NOBODY IS THREATENING LIVES OR VIOLENCE OR THEFT!! Please really get that, take that on board before throwing a hissy fit. Like it, don't like it, whatever. State an opinion strongly but leave the melodrama and ridiculous comparisons please?
P.S. I really enjoyed and found informative (to the extent of changing my stance) the exchange you instigated on BTC the other day. Hence particularly disappointed to see you put forward such ridiculous comparisons.
@_date: 2017-02-05 00:38:33


The code that the increasingly privileged few (who can afford to have their transactions included) have access to - yes, that code!!
@_date: 2017-02-15 14:27:58
see the last sentence of mine above 
@_date: 2017-02-15 15:12:51
Maybe have a look at what Satoshi designed into the incentives built into Bitcoin? They can do whatever they want but if the currency of their rewards is worthless they'd be really stupid to do so. Those who are persuaded of the technical merit of Core's argument and support SW tend to believe the miners are really stupid. I wouldn't be so confident that's the case. 
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:28:40
Now this is getting even funnier! Fake libertarians??!! Ever heard of the 'no true Scotsman' fallacy?
So many butthurt libertarians trying to grasp at ethical straws to justify why what they don't like is happening is 'wrong' and the perpetrators as 'evil'!
Popcorn time :D
@_date: 2017-03-24 15:32:52
One way of looking at it is as a pre-emptive strike against an opposition that has every reason (and friends with an inclanation to DDoS etc.) to wish a fork to fail. It's a game. Hold on to your Bitcoins until the episode is over and you may have coins on one or more chains. They may not be worth much but that's your lookout. If you choose to try and transact them in the middle of the mayhem, again, that's your lookout. Nobody is trying to steal your bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:35:29
It's extreme and inappropriate because - after all your talk the other day of discussing ideas and not attacking people - it's a deliberate tarring of those whose actions you disapprove of with the same brush as the worst criminals.
Damaging the opposition is a central tenet of many many sports. To win one has to play within the rules (and in this instance, the bottom line the rules are just what the code and machines will allow). For you, the rules also include your ideas of what's ethical and right. You may not like that others are strictly following the code and machine rules in a way you perceive to be unfair. But PLEASE, stop with the ridiculous analogies?!
@_date: 2017-03-29 18:22:08
Way to go for ludicrous extrapolation leading to misrepresentation for clickbait and to keep adding to the BU-bashing so you can all feel good here :D*
If anyone wants to know what he actually said: Rizun's theoretical formulae for establishing a 'free market equilibrium' transaction fee supply and demand is dependent on there being a block reward. He says 'who knows how that would work if there were none'? 
But hats off to for knowing his audience in that enough here will upvote and chime in with the BU-bashing not to notice it's a pure fabrication!
@_date: 2017-03-09 19:13:36
Well, if there is not a doubt then shorting is the way to make yourself an 'easy' small fortune. Having watched this market closely since October 12 where I had a ridiculous confidence it would go up by orders of magnitude (and was fortunate enough to be correct) I've lost so much confidence in my own narrative as to how and when the price will move in which direction, I just hodl the little I have left. Good luck with the short BTW, I'm hoping it will go the other way simply because of my irrational belief that somehow or other the honey badger will get through the current civil war!
@_date: 2017-03-24 16:05:03
What's being seized? Not your private keys nor the record on the ledger. This is an experimental currency we're talking about. There have been times (emergency upgrade 2013?) when trying to do transactions was inadvisable. That's what we're talking about here. Nobody's sneakily trying to seize coins in transit. It's a loudly threatened - possibly low chance of actuality - 'attack' on a competing blockchain.
One of the fun things about this subredit is, given by now it's pre-selection of active participants - that many can jump on those suggesting an idea that goes against what they want and paint it as if it was some evil monster. It's a game folks, just a game - unless of course you've got more money in it than makes sense! I see these tests as healthy for whatever it is that survives this experiment - whether it's a thriving coin with significant enough usage or whether we just walk away with Bitcoin broken and with many lessons learned.
@_date: 2017-03-14 19:49:23


This sounds to me like something that could only be believed by those inside the Core / r/Bitcoin bubble! Are you really trying to say had Core gone with Gavin, Mike and others who were wanting to increase block sizes earlier and released a version with a planned HF date that users would have rejected it and deliberately gotten to this position of massive transaction backlogs and 50c+ fees?
If there's one thing I think the strength of support for BU shows*, it's that there's a significant number of people who use bitcoin don't like how it currently behaves with the transaction bottleneck.
*Of course, living in the core / bubble, I guess you also believe that there is no real demand for BU - that all those calling for it are paid by Ver! I guess that's the comfort of conspiricy theory is that anything that could contradict beliefs can be twisted to support the same beliefs! In this day and age, I have to say I'm very grateful to Occam!
@_date: 2017-03-24 14:52:13
Sure, fork your Core coin. Good luck with trying to continue to calling it Bitcoin though! And good luck with continuing to call coins on the BU fork 'altcoins'. Oh and, what will you call your new reddit sub? Surely, you can't expect to be having discussions about your new altcoin here ;) :D
@_date: 2017-03-24 15:24:13


You are right on this, now that I glance back. Apologies for misrepresentation. Retracted. I think I must have got the false impression that it was central because it was such a refreshing change that it was absent! Again, I'll thank you for having instigated - and carrying through - with that thread, even where the responses to you were unjustifiably harsh in some instances.
@_date: 2017-03-24 13:48:38
This talk of 'violence' is ridiculous! It's your ideas and your preferred chain that's potentially being attacked, not your person or your property.
It's chess, not war. And as in chess, the best defence is attack. It was not long ago since some here were laughing at BU proponents saying they're welcome to put their transactions onto the bigger block chain because it would only take the core chain to overtake it once to invalidate all the transactions. Laughing with glee because the way it could play out would suit their world-view. Ensuring there is only one (reasonably sized and well protected) chain going forward is one way of ensuring this does not happen.
Bitcoin is an experiment. Anybody who has more than they can afford to lose held in bitcoin is playing with fire. Don't start accusing the other side of violence because you don't like how a certain group is playing the system by the only rules that count - the code - and that, as a consequence (if that is indeed the reason), the market is losing confidence and your net worth is plummeting.
@_date: 2017-03-15 22:04:26
I agree it's a good thing on the whole. There was a bug - a critical flaw - and it's now fixed. We've also had more attention brought to the problem of the severe lack of code review with BU (best expressed, in my view, by AA). Some are already writing it off (see the pinned post) but if it survives both the event and the euphoric wave of BU-bashing currently dominating this sub it will be stronger for it. If it doesn't, maybe some here are right in their belief there's not sufficient demand for an implementation other than one that conforms with core's belief system. I somehow doubt that but time will tell.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:10:08
I'm guessing you just r/Bitcoin-style, read the misquote headline and took it as proof rather than reading what he actually said - the tl;dr being:


Bitcoin is not controlled by the developers.
Bitcoin is controlled by YOU.'
The beauty of the built-in inflation algorithm is that whilst everybody has the freedom to change it, it is not - and never will - be in the interest of anyone using it to change it. Hence it is almost inevitable that it will stay.
Bitcoin wouldn't have gotten anywhere near as big as it has if the supply cap could be messed with that easily.
But the truth doesn't count here does it?! It's about accusing BU advocates of FUD with one hand whilst spreading baseless FUD with the other. Keep up the good work here!!! /s
@_date: 2017-02-08 19:36:02
I see it as a symptom of the lack of general balance on this issue in this sub that someone can say 'with a straight face' that...


True, there is a reasonable case to be made that this would happen but some of the steps involved are intelligent guesses which means, as intelligent as those guessing may be, they're still guesses and nowhere near as certain as to be able to state it as fact. But then repeating it enough on this sub seems to have had the effect of the core-advocates stating it as if it was (and often ridiculing anyone who doesn't agree).
@_date: 2017-03-19 18:11:25
I'd be happy to participate in such a discussion. Problem is Theymos and the Core chorus have prohibited rational, balanced discussion of any other implementations. Whilst I'm not entirely persuaded the dangers of gaming emergent consensus have been adequately explored, the 'don't talk about anything other than Core / SW / Lightning' policy, in the face of the current BU hashrate, really have backed themselves into a corner with nowhere to go. The talk of planning for a hard fork changing the PoW (after years of lecturing on the dangers of a non-consensual HF) shows how desparate they are.
I'm mixed on this. I'm not persuaded by Core's argument of limiting on-chain transactions to three use cases (uncensored transactions, settlement layer, store-of-value) yet I'm tending by now to think - even if the code were adequately reviewed - that there's too much at stake to add in the unpredictability of emergent consensus at this stage.
However, whilst the current scenario may not be good for Bitcoin, I'm delighted that the abuse of trust shown by Theymos and co in turning this subreddit and bitcointalk into one-side-only pseudo-forums has utterly failed. And I believe that whetver the cost to Bitcoin (and the cost to hodlers), it will have been worth it. What it will take him to actually acknowledge the damage he caused, however is something else entirely. He's certainly not capable of hearing this from me or anyone from outside of this circle but one day he may take it from those who were on the same side (such as Adam) that this was a really, really stupid idea - and one worthy of such a catastrophic fail! 
@_date: 2017-03-24 15:30:00
Don't you see how far you're having to stretch that concept to force this to fit in?! The market is 'damaging your property' as we speak. Are those selling and driving the price down contravening the NAP in your eyes? Nobody is damaging your private keys, nobody is damaging the associated records on the blockchain. Some elements of the attack may mean you don't have access to them - and may not have access to them in future using the software you like. But that's not the same.
Anyways, as I said, it's experimental so by obtaining XBT you're signed up to having no idea what will happen to them - including that something may break and that your keys have no value. One of the things that may happen is people playing the rules-in-code differently than what many have been led to believe is 'fair'. Sorry mate, my heart won't bleed for your loss, just as it won't break over my own!
@_date: 2017-03-15 23:40:30
3-month old thread warning!
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:29:49


...Very different viewpoints of Bitcoin security too it seems! I thought the whole point of POW and incentivising MASSIVE hashing power was to protect the network from such 'outside actors'.
The validity you're so keen to emphasise is subjective. One of the other beauties of the system is that, as you say, individual actors have the means of expressing what they believe to be valid. You have your idea of what Bitcoin 'should' be and you are free to express that in your choice of node software etc. You are also free to call a minority 'core coin' - should it survive - 'Bitcoin' though you may have to clarify to anyone you're intending to transact with what you mean.


Excellent :) Then we'll see you on the other side! If it happens at all, I can't see it happening until the miners and pools have confidence that the bigger blocks will be accepted by the economic majority. And if that happens, can I take it then that you won't be amongst those whining that it was a 'hostile 51% attack' and accept it a consequence of Core and co ignoring the needs and demands of users?
@_date: 2017-03-16 21:17:44
Did Google declare war on cash? ;)
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:45:00
'my deity'? Hold on a minute... Weren't you the one I was complementing a few comments back on the civility of exchange?
Just to be clear:
Quoting Satoshi is not the same as claiming his word has authority. I was simply pointing out, as I think you could read from what I said, if you really wanted to, that I disapprove of, and am happy to point out for the sake of newbies, that the implication that the purpose of the limit is and always has been the same is provably false.
Yes, we know MUCH more than back then - and I will also happily concede your technical understanding is orders of magnitude higher than mine*. But whilst I may struggle with code, I can read English and believe it is of service to others here to point out misleading statements when I see them.


No we don't. Because it hasn't failed (at least not catastrophically) so we don't know if it will fail, how. The ongoing code tweaks could potentially make it a technological masterpiece but it could still fail in terms of the purposes for which it was built and the reasons many of us were attracted to it in the first place.
* One of the reasons I'm not happy to accept the authority of core on what is best going forward is that a technical understanding and assessment of technical risk does not necessarily qualify someone to make a sound judgement on the economic future of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-24 15:01:55
Wire fraud and ransomware are clearly theft (in the latter case, theft of valuable data). 
DDoS is different because it's often making legitimate requests with such repetition and speed with the intent to disrupt. It's borderline for me. Whether it's ethical or not though is of less interest than whether the designers of an internet-based service has the responsibility to mitigate for it. An attack can be seen done for positive reasons as a test of the robustness of a system. It's a stretch, but one could say this is exactly that. It says: 'if we take away all accepted convention as to what is and is not permissible and go to the extreme of what the code and machines will allow, will Bitcoin - or something close-enough to be called and used as that - survive? I'm intrigued...
@_date: 2017-03-09 16:39:45
It was just a flippant response to the ridiculous claim that a 'BU threat is putting a damper on the bitcoin rally'. Nobody knows why the market is doing what it is doing. Incidentally, that applies equally to BU supporters who were last week claiming the rise was due to the rise in BU mining support. It's sometimes helpful that someone such as dellintelbitcoin who is making a large effort to influence the opinions of people here is called out when ridiculous claims are made :)
@_date: 2017-03-08 22:20:18


In reality, the block size limit exists because it was put in (for one reason) and has not as of yet been changed or removed (for a combination of many other reasons). The 'ultimate check' narrative is a prime example of Core Newspeak where language is manipulated and history re-written to support the paradigm they'd like us all to accept unquestioningly.
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:21:18
Wow, This is the last of the four responses I'm reading and I have to say I'm impressed that r/Bitcoin has not let me down with the 'quality of thinking' involved /s
Your basic premise here is that changing one's ideas as one learns is a character flaw? Jeepers, if people back when had thought like you, we'd still be living in caves!
I prefer my world-view where someone man enough to admit in the face of new evidence that their previously held ideas may have been in error is someone to aspire to.
...but by all means, keep drinking that Core-aid!
Edit: I hadn't seen your retraction when I wrote this. Thumbs up for changing your mind ;)
@_date: 2017-03-08 22:44:51
Consensus is also a process used in Sociocratic organisations. I have wondered whether, before the sides got polarised and the insults started flying, if we'd had some of the key players come together knowing nothing is decided until a solution is found to which nobody has a 'paramount objection', we'd have gotten past this by now.
Is anyone other than me seeing the irony of bitusher talking in such reverential tones about anarchic principles and the way in which bitcoin 'governance' is in accordance with them.
For me, Bitcoin is the longest chain with the overwhelmingly large hashing power - and any implementation that supports and utilises that is Bitcoin and the coin, bitcoin, irrespective of who built it and to which extent they complied with the neat 'anarchic' rules!
The irony for me is so many of the AnCaps here who in principle are happy for the free market to determine everything, want to brandish as an 'attack by altcoin' anything that creates a future by any means other than their by their favoured model.
@_date: 2017-03-15 21:38:17
One of the most entertaining aspects of this split is that both sides claim to be on the side of freedom and decentralisation (which to a certain extent is true, depending on your context).
I would, however, be wary of writing BU off too soon. The euphoria expressed by its detractors here that the code had critical flaws - to the extent that it's dominating the front page - is unlikely to have much impact on those whose concept of freedom includes freeing ourselves of the dominance of transaction-restricting core and all the associated shenanigans.
@_date: 2017-03-09 16:55:37
I can't speak for miners but as I understand it, there does not need to be malicious intent to justify an 'attack'. That may be the language used by some miners but such a tactic could also be seen simply as sensible self-interest.
One of the 'weaknesses' of a BU HF that's been doing the rounds (again) lately is the fact that, post-fork, if at any point in the future a small-block chain regains dominance, all large-block transactions in the now-orphaned chain will be lost. 
From this I would hope it is clearly in everybody's interest i) that a HF is not attempted until it is as certain as can be ascertained that the fork's dominance will quickly be clearly overhwelming and ii) that the weaker chain be attacked such that it can never be a serious threat of destroying the value proposition of the now dominant chain.*
A strategy of 'playing nice' and making it easy for those who don't want to go with the big block fork would be too high-risk for everyone using the now dominant chain - not least the miners who stand to lose a lot should that dominance ever be lost.
By now, there are loud voices on both sides accusing the other of wanting to 'destroy bitcoin'. I think it's sometimes helpful to accept  what the other side is proposing if it can be seen in the context of a sensible action considering their situation and their beliefs.
*Of course, for those ideologically invested in the losing side, it is likely to be experienced as an attack. So I'd guess the sensible plan would be to HF yourselves off the chain that poses a threat to the new dominant chain to be left alone to have your coin as you always wanted it (though you may need, as well as adjusting the difficulty, to reduce the max block size by an order of magnitude or two if you want the transaction limit to be small enough to create the 'fee market' the small-blockers are so keen on)!
@_date: 2017-03-07 23:18:39
Man with .49 of a brain reporting for duty :D
@_date: 2017-03-30 01:04:26
Thanks for the predictable, stock r/bitcoin response to any reference to Satoshi these days! It was a question to which, I'm going to guess from your lack of answer, that you're saying yes, that you are certain that Satoshi's Bitcoin (pre-block size limit) had a fundamental and fatal flaw.
One of the genuinely fun things I find about the current debate is the diverse range of opinions hypothesising about what the results will be of combination of variables and potential variables. Many of them are incompatible and most are stated with a certainty that one's own reasoning is flawless in contrast to everybody else's.
What's astounding in a sense is that Satoshi figured out a game theory that, almost out of the box, worked as planned, most of which is still with us today. The man (woman / group) earned respect for that.*
* But if there is anyone here prepared to take at face value something a BU advocate says, I don't believe he is God and I don't take the white paper as gospel (actually, I do treat it as equally sceptically as I would the Gospel)! 
@_date: 2017-03-09 19:41:49
Erm, Hodlers will hodl - by definition - and therefore will add nothing to the showdown than the sounds of eating popcorn! Sure, some really confident people on both sides will place their bets on the coin they believe will win. And it is clear from the separation of opinions into two subredits that the confidence arises more from wishful thinking than on probabilities. But hodlers? Nah!
@_date: 2017-03-29 23:14:32
Let me just get this straight:
You're saying that whilst someone working on hypotheses on the economics of rewards / fees / transactions-per-block and acknowledges that there are some aspects on which he is uncertain, you make an absolute assertion here that there was a fundamental flaw in Satoshi's bitcoin - that he only happened to have averted by putting in a 'temporary' block size limit to protect the young network from DDoS?
Again, keep up the good work /s
@_date: 2017-03-09 13:06:29
And of course, you know this because you interviewed everybody who bought, sold or held bitcoin in the last few days with lie-detectors attached to them and ascertained their primary reason for taking the action they took... oh, no, wait. I don't remember my interview, maybe you didn't - except you also used a memory zapper so we didn't remember you quizzing us. Got it! /s
@_date: 2017-03-13 21:19:40


Thank you for providing such a fabulous example of r/Bitcoin's success in stifling conversation! I was around when this happened. I saw and read the news on both subs. I also saw the BU-bashing go on relentlessly for days on this sub. Meanwhile the dev. team's response was immediately removed from here - probably for 'promoting an altcoin' (what a wonderfully handy catch-all for anything that doesn't please) but fortunately I had another means of learning through the constructive conversation that followed elsewhere.
Sadly, those here who pretend / believe that half the story is the whole story are likely to happily swallow your narrative as truth. 
@_date: 2017-03-09 00:10:45
Nicely Newspoken sir!
The tone of the conversation in those early days such as: 'It's a good idea to keep it lower as a circuit breaker'* doesn't sound anywhere near as sinister as your  'pose a danger to the network'.
That's not to say there isn't a risk in having the block size increased. But please, it's really not helpful to be implying the 'reason for the limit' given by Core of today is the same as it was in 2010.
I'm still not persuaded the risk of increasing the limit to be as big as the small-blockers make out. At the same time, I think the small-blockers underestimate the risk to Bitcoin of deliberately allowing the max block size limit to cause the economic-rent fee 'market' to price all bitcoin use cases other than the three Core-approved ones (censorship resistant transactions, settlement layer, store-of-value) off the chain prematurely .
*This is the full Satoshi quote:














@_date: 2016-06-16 17:26:07
It's coming up to 48 hours now since my transactions were in limbo! Clearly, the whole fee thing is in another era since I was regularly active in bitcoin. TXID1: 2e56ca8965ad38ae7bd191a9ceefa2624fab83497af2015a84863cb57170c22a TXID2: 81015c8da2cacdb4823deb5d7097fb5a5d138c69908c2258efeb5aa040374bd3
Is there any way in which I could, or someone could help me get these through please?
@_date: 2017-03-08 22:15:45
His economics may not match yours but his past shows (Freicoin) that he has enough of an understanding of at least one economic paradigm such that he could design a coin that behaves in accordance to how money should work in that paradigm. Of course, from an Austrian perspective, in a world of freely competing currencies, Freicoin isn't going to make much traction given the existence and relative strength of Bitcoin. But I like that it's not only Austrians that are experimenting with coin that represents their values.
@_date: 2016-06-16 17:43:46
Thank you for making this available. Can I get the raw hex of a transaction from blockexplorer.com? It was a cold storage spend through Mycelium which means the transaction records were deleted upon sending.
@_date: 2017-08-10 10:49:30
No, the UASF worked because the SX2 posse realised without replay protection they had a gun to their heads and were fearful of the risk to the future of Bitcoin if they didn't find a way past the impasse - and to do it before the 148 deadline.
Now with one victory under the UASFers belts they're talking like they're invincible. The part of me that likes justice wants to see them try it again with x2 and fail dismally, ending up with 'Bitcoin Pure' on a tiny chain with a new POW. However, now that all holders have a hedge against small blocks/sw going wrong (and economic actors as and when their use case gets priced out, can switch over to Bitcoin Cash), I think it would be healthier - and I would quite like to see - the small blocks/sw experiment play out to find out if it really was the answer they claimed it was all along or whether, as I suspect, they got the code right (for their goals) but the economics totally wrong.
@_date: 2016-06-16 17:49:33
In the event of this happening, will the bitcoin reappear on my paper wallets? I usually shred them after use but luckily I just fished them out of the bin! However, it was the sending TO the paper wallets that had the lowest fees so maybe the bitcoins will reappear on my Casascius coin?!
@_date: 2017-01-25 15:29:46
If it's a serious question then I'll have a go at answering...
It's not a matter of 'should', it's a matter of asking whether it will remain of use as a means of transferring large sums and as a 'store of value' if it's stripped of its other use cases. For it to remain a store of value it needs not to lose value. How confident are you that the market will continue to value it as highly if you (well, the Core devs) have dismissed many of the incentives for wide adoption? Good luck with that!
@_date: 2017-03-30 02:27:51
True, they can't. But if you want evidence of the manipulation of minds by stifling real discussion, just look at the gross lack of thought and understanding in the vast majority of the comments on this thread - or even the fact that the OP, which is an absolute falsehood, gets as much attention and upvotes as this. It appears half the people who clicked through to the video thought the supply / demand graph was about block reward coin supply. And this is the sub that claims to have reasoned arguments and intelligent discussion on its side??!!
Gimme a break!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:16:43
I hadn't seen the ...and growing. Would you link a reference please? I just googled 'segwit 2x signatories' and nothing recent or looking like an updated list pops up.
@_date: 2017-08-10 16:42:06
...and the most intelligent contribution of the month goes to...
@_date: 2017-01-25 15:50:55
I just missed the bit where it said it needs not only to be a scarce currency but that scarcity of available transactions makes it valuable. I'm hoping this problem won't last for long enough to see whether the opposite is likely to be true.
For an analogy, would gold (largely) retain its value if the millions of small users one had to wait in line or pay high fees to sell it? We'll never find out for gold because there isn't a small group of people who have the means of inflicting this in code on everybody globally.
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:39:33
I think you know that's not what was meant - and if you've been around, I think you know what Satoshi envisioned is not what's going on now! I'm not necessarily saying we should go with Satoshi over today's small-blocker arguments but don't be pretending they're the same thing! 
I think what is being referred to is the 'fee market' that core and fans have been so excited about as a means of pushing 2nd layer technologies and as a means of discouraging on-chain transactions.
@_date: 2017-08-07 00:16:57


That's an interesting distinction you make there. I don't see how it would succeed if it isn't a very good currency.


I think I may have missed something but that's the problem bitcoiners generally have with them (other than the link to political power). Please correct me where I'm mistaken in the following:
In previous comments, you've been lauding the practice of making value predictable i.e. changing supply in accordance with demand.
But a currency with a commodity peg - which you're also saying is necessary for a currency's long-term survival - is surely not manipulable in the way that is necessary to be able to match supply to demand at will to keep value constant?
And the point of bitcoin (though not necessarily with other crypto) is that it more closely resembles precious metals in terms of supply whilst having the property of being able to be instantly transferable globally. If your definition of a 'floating currency' is one that is not pegged to something else, does that mean that gold, for you is a 'floating currency', given it isn't pegged to anything?
Gold has physical attributes, has limited use in industry, widespread use for jewellery and millenia of history. Bitcoin has other stuff but the key thing in common is that you can't manipulate the supply (not of gold, of bitcoin, nor of currencies honestly pegged to gold - or, bitcoin e.g. ETFs).


A unicycle, a bicycle? Sorry for the flippancy but I don't understand!
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:05:19


Yes, but I think you know you're conflating here money-supply inflation that is at 4% growth and buying-power inflation which is equally as important in terms of the buying-power value of the block rewards. We have yet to see a halving that did not also see at least a doubling of bitcoin's buying power and I therefore see no reason to buy the argument that the block size limit needs to remain  (at this time or anytime in the near future) in order to provide miners more fees to compensate for the decreasing money-supply inflation. I still wonder sometimes, why small blockers need to scrape the barrel and make arguments that only work if you don't think them through when I do believe some of the arguments made may have some validity. 


Note I didn't say 'Core does X'. I said 'core and fans being excited'. By 'core' in this instance I mean what the loudest three or four representatives of core express, largely unopposed by the silent majority of core coders, not the software or the project. By 'fans', well, take a look in the mirror!
BTW, you responded with 'I mean' but it's from a different account from the one I was responding to. Are you also aceat64 perchance?;)
@_date: 2017-08-22 14:43:01
Thank you for giving a more considered response to my snarky comment than it deserved!
Thank you also for acknowledging that you may not have given this matter adequate consideration at the time.
I'm not convinced by the argument that it would be legitimate in a soft fork but not a hard fork simply because BIP148 would have caused a chain split had not S2X brought everyone on board with Segwit on time. The technical differences between a hard and soft fork are not relevant if in a practical sense, there was going to be a split and where the only safe option for users was to go with the new chain irrespective of their support or lack thereof.


Some of us were as unimpressed by Luke's "if it goes wrong, it will be the miners' fault, not ours" as you are with S2X's current arguments. However, at the time, all too many 148ers were happy to go along with that, without questioning it too closely, as a means of washing their hands of responsibility for the likely outcomes of their actions.
By the time the 148 campaign got to its most deafening, the thrust of the 148ers was 'do or die'. There was no talk of pulling out unless it was clear the 'economic majority' (and a substantial hashrate) were on board. And that is why I find the double standard now so ironic.
@_date: 2017-08-23 05:43:41
...and when don't we want it?  NOW!
A bit facetious, I know but I couldn't help it when what started out (as is being defended above) as a suggestion supposedly to be discussed on merit seems already to have turned into a placard-waving protest chant!
May I suggest baseball caps next? With Luke as Dear Leader, you'll soon get the 148ers join your campaign that way!
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:11:04
'bless your cotton socks' - is about all I can think up as a reply to that!
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:55:50
I did lose my rag a little. But it is, as I said earlier, how the tone of the victorious UASFers is coming across to me. It is frightening because there appears to be zero acknowledgement that you have no evidence that you ever represented more than just yourselves - simply because it's not possible in a world-wide virtual community. But nevertheless, you were prepared last time to introduce a substantial risk to the integrity of the main chain on the basis that you did actually represent your supposed 'Economic Majority'. And the fact you got away with it seems to have brought forth even more bravado and an what I perceive as an unhealthy appetite for battle. Apologies for saltiness. I'll try and do better next time. I do appreciate our exchanges more than most. But you've got to admit that 'there have been conspiracy theories' was not one of your better moments?!
@_date: 2017-08-09 19:42:15
I think we're more-or-less on the same page in terms of the facts. Where I think Coinbase (and the online 'wallet' services that work this way) and Fidelity are misleading is where they imply that bitcoin wallets exist that hold the exact amount shown in the figures in the tweeted photo. No such wallets exist. 
@_date: 2017-08-24 21:47:53
I think you just mentioned the answer in your explanation: People learning scientific notation!
Funnily enough, you just reminded me of my first ever OP on bitcointalk (back in the days of talking freely) where I was proposing introducing a new way of notating numbers for Bitcoin (or rather, something I was calling Power Bitcoin or ^ BTC), utilising scientific notation.
Looking back at it now it's funny that I was giving consideration to Bitcoin's practical day-to-day use when it was being used globally quite a while before I was seeing it as an opportunity to make a heap of money on speculation* - a necessary 'by-product' of it being needed to be divided up between more people and more transactions.
*which, incidentally, I did but spent the last of it out of necessity over the long low of 2015!
@_date: 2017-08-23 11:18:54
tl;dr: 'I may be wrong because [piles of qualifiers that make the whole scenario a blatant fiction] but miners switching from [Bcash Bcash Bcash Bcash (let's see how many times I can give it the made-up-name given to it by its detractors)] and Bitcoin may cause the former to fail to find blocks.
One of my few regrets in Bitcoin was that one of my first bitcoin purchases were the first editions of BM, wanting to support all things Bitcoin-related and to use the currency. Little did I know it would get so blatantly tabloid on us!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:42:29
So, if the 90% miner proportion turns out i) to be true i.e. that they follow through and ii) to also represent 90% of economic majority (and I'm not saying it does or will - just speaking hypothetically), thus forcing a legacy chain without enough hashpower to get to the next difficulty change...
...would the PoW-change hard fork (assuming 100% of the die-hard small-blockers remaining go with it) mean there is no 'Bitcoin' anymore or would you believe your new coin still has the right to call your coin Bitcoin?
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:54:44
I don't know how hard or not the coding would be. However, I think you know - a clue being on your using 'doing the right thing' twice - that it's simply a matter of disagreement as to what the 'right thing' is. 
@_date: 2017-08-06 21:56:38
If you're sure, then, as I said, just get the popcorn in and see your prediction of failure come true (or not). Why not sit next to jstolfi, and prof. bitcorn and others who have been doing the same for years now :)
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:40:38
Again, you have proven no such thing! You have proven that a tiny minority claiming to represent the Economic Majority who were prepared either to commit to (or to pretend to commit to - fortunately, we never got to find out) take reckless action forced the pragmatic in the community into action. You didn't know you could get away with it but neither did the miners (and those with massive stakes in Bitcoin's continued success) know that you wouldn't and as a consequence they shifted. But please, don't kid yourself with your vigilante talk of 'representing the majority' when you have nothing to back it up.
@_date: 2017-08-09 17:55:12
Thanks for the link. Even where I don't agree it helps to get an inkling of how others can believe what I see as a threat and as disadvantageous  as something positive.
I think though, that the biggest difference between the way I described it and the link you gave is that of language. The facts remain. It's our description of them that differ. 
The significant difference I'm seeing between the physical-world examples given and Bitcoin is that in the former, the small minority, in meetings or whatever, can come to a realistic idea beforehand i) what the majority wants; ii) whether they are sufficient enough in number to carry it through. The latter is key because as the article points out, its participants need to be all in and prepared to fork off, irrespective of whether the majority follow. So:
The 148ers (especially with the one-sidedness of the conversation here) had no means of knowing what the Economic Majority wanted, nor could they know how big a minority they were. Yet they were prepared to go ahead anyway and to risk their minority chain destroying the value of the main chain* by orphaning on a whim and from an impression of numbers coming from so-easily-manipulable reddit and twitter.
*I know they say 'they' wouldn't have destroyed the main chain but that's a technicality. Great for a court of law buta weaselly way of not accepting responsibility for their actions. I go back to what I said above that I find astounding that most 148ers have the ability to make both following claims: 'If it had forked (and had main chain would have orphaned), it wouldn't have been our fault, it would have been the miners. It's a soft fork, we can't force anyone, we are not threatening etc. etc.' then on the other hand to say it was the threat of a UASF split that forced the hand of the miners and gave us Segwit'. As I said, cognitive dissonance appears to be part of lukejr's modus operandi but to have taken however many genuine (as opposed to astroturfed/ sock puppet) otherwise reasoning people with him was quite something.
And that is why I see the UASFers, feeling empowered having now won that battle, as a threat to Bitcoin and to all crypto that works through similar consensus mechanisms. It is unfortunate that the design is such that we cannot know without putting it to the test what the Economic Majority wants. But the fact remains, as much as you might not like the miners (with the current situation), hashpower is the only non-sybillable metric we have. That, at the end of the day, is what I feel is 'our' protection against the bullyboy UASFers.
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:13:02
I'm liking your presentation of the situation on the whole. However, I'm seeing Bitcoin Cash's primary problem as being simply that it's not as easy to acquire and to use (and these may be overcome). For you...


I'm assuming by 'the erosion of censorship resistance' you're talking about the theoretical potential problem of less decentralisation? Of course, taken to the extreme it would and I know anybody hanging out here has had this argument rammed down our throats for years but in fact, right now, we have BCH as a live experiment to see if in practice, it works out that way - or not!
The other theoretical potential problem you're talking about is based on the assumption that any coin or chain that does not deliberately constrain the amount of data it adds per block to less than demand will be used in an excessive manner to its detriment. The main problem I have with this argument is that people forget so quickly that this was the case with Bitcoin right up until we hit the transaction bottleneck. It wasn't then so why would it now? Again though, we have the BCH network now that allows Bitcoin Segwit proponents to watch and see whether their predictions were right or not.


I suspect you (as have I) spent far too long hanging out in, and being embroiled in the infighting for the last couple of years if you see this as a problem! If it becomes apparent that increases to the block size limit are beginning to have detrimental effects (those preached by Core or other as-yet-unthought-of) there will be an incentive to stop increasing it. in the meantime, if layer 2 solutions are ready - and if they manage to make a technical or business model that doesn't depend on crippling the main-chain's use for transactions - then the other potential advantages (speed, anonimity, cost) would attract enough to keep the pressure off the main chain. or not! We'll see. 
In the meantime, Bitcoin Segwit's problems (even without looking at the forthcoming potential further split - likely to be a lot more messy without replay / wipe-out protection) are all too real and, as the OP implies, and as you say, is slowly eroding potential use-cases by the day as the fees rise whilst awaiting 2nd layer solutions to hit.
@_date: 2017-08-07 07:15:51
If I may take this opportunity to rebut the rebuttal...
The argument here essentially seems to be that 'we' need to keep the block size small in order to drive fees up in order to make mining less dependent on mining rewards because they're halving every four years and we can't depend on the price continuing to correspondingly increase as it has done to date because some theory about value and speculation that insists that bitcoin will never get more than $10,000 because institutional investors will magically pull out at that point because???
Tell me if that's a misrepresentation of frankenmint's piece?
One thing that gradually dawned upon me in the early months of getting involved with bitcoin (late 2012) is if this fixed number of units (21 trillion satoshis) were ever to be used by more than just hobyist geeky types, ancaps and small-scale narco, it's price would have to raise by many many orders of magnitude (it already had and has since then). How many pizza transactions per day would the bitcoin economy be able to manage if there are fewer than 21 million bitcoins and every two-pizzas transaction was for 10,000 btc? Incidentally, anyone else find like the irony of r/bitcoin's celebration of pizza purchases whilst deriding coffee purchases ?
If bitcoin is to become successful, its price has to go up. This is designed in. If it is going to get used, the people who want to use it need to obtain it which means somebody along the line needs to purchase it, which, providing this continues to happen at a higher rate than new coin is being minted, drives up its price. That's why nobody who understood used to panic about needing to do something about fees. This apparent need to intervene (by deliberately not increasing the transaction throughput in time) in order to make up for the apparent loss of mining reward because the price won't go up is a new thing and a fundamentally flawed argument.
The idea that bitcoin's price comes from speculation is also missing some fundamental principles. If the enquirer wants to know what 
shape the price chart of an asset, the price of which is almost exclusively driven by speculation, see black tulips or beeny babies. If that's frankenmint's idea of bitcoin, then his belief of a top end of £10,000 after which institutional speculators will pull out is not surprising. However, he also seems to have missed that if that is its value proposition, then what would happen after that would be the same as tulips and beeny babies, not what has happened every time so far where speculators have run ahead too far from underlying value proposition.
All Metcalfe's law is, is the acknowledgement that the usefulness of a network (the network effect) happens mathematically to be calculable by squaring the number of users of that network. The driver we're talking about is the network effect itself. Frankenmint is correct that this isn't talking about price. However it is talking about (whether it's the number of telephone users, Facebook or Bitcoin) that its usefulness, relative to its number of users can be measured.
But again, it's not surprising that someone from the r/bitcoin 'bitcoin (on-chain) should no longer be digital cash and digital gold but digital gold only' camp, would miss this point. Can you imagine what might happen to the value of gold as a speculative or store-of-value item if transactions of gold items worldwide (for jewelry or whatever) had to join a queue that limited their exchagne to 4 transactions per second?
The assumption that you can price off the chain all use cases but the three 'core-approved' ones (store-of-value, censor resistant transactions, settlement) without there being in place 2nd layer (and by in place I mean tested, proven, simply integrated into wallets and standing in the wings ready to take centre stage, not 'two weeks lightning and yet-to-be-seen promises of a glorious future) is I think one of their naivest. Fortunately, now they can make that risky move without everybody risking losing everything if it fails because anyone who hasn't sold their BCH has a built-in hedge!
Take away most of the real-life today-usable use cases (the stuff people and businesses who have been experiencing the real effects of the dramatic increase in fees are talking about) and then bitcoin becomes a largely speculative thing which maybe does then require intervention (through inaction) to drive up fees. On the other hand, let it grow, keep it usable - and yes, I mean for coffee for us first-worlders or for more substantial purchases for the same price in poorer countries - and the network effect, the absolute requirement for the price to go up in order that the number of people wanting to use it can do so, will carry on (and speculators become secondary in importance though still the visible drivers of price).
I hold no high hopes that this makes sense to those locked into the r/bitcoin mindset but coming from the outside, such as the original poster in the /bitcoinmarkets thread,, there's a chance some of them will be able to see it.
Fortunately, the grand experiment to limit transactions and hoping that Segiwit and 2nd layer solutions get to it in time is now limited to what some of us are now calling the BTC-s chain (s, being for settlement) so it can be experimented upon without effecting the other side of the split which is experimenting with a different solution.
We have no need to fight over it anymore because we each have our own experiment going on and we each can choose the risk of our exposure to each according to our opinions on the matter :)
@_date: 2017-08-04 21:09:04
Hi again over here after my absence. I requested my ban be lifted, and it was granted, so that I may thank you all for the attention, support this graphic has gotten and in the spirit in which it has largely been taken. 
There are some individuals - and I'll name no names - for whom I hold no hope of their ever learning when to stop with the vitriol. However, for the rest of us, now that neither side is preventing the other from having the coin we wanted, the main reasons for the frustration - that so often expressed itself in really nasty ways with such widespread assumptions of malice and ignorance - is gone.
There were very few who really wanted it to end this way, with the parting of ways in the form of two healthy forks (though I acknowledge I may be speaking too early!). However, there came a point - and again, I'll not go into the reasons why or who I believe to be responsible - after which a consensus-based way forward was simply never going to happen.
I understand some on both sides would like never to come across those from the other side again but I'm guessing only the hard-core believers on both sides will completely sell their hedge that they backed the wrong horse! Therefore there will always, I suspect, be more interest in what's going on with the other side than with any alt (and yes, I know some of you call Bitcoin Cash an alt - actually, most of you here don't call it Bitcoin Cash but I digress - let's not go there!)
Anyways, wishing everyone the best with your favourite project. May the best solution win - which, I acknowledge may be that both projects (and even further splits down the road) all succeed.
Peace :)
@_date: 2017-08-09 16:22:59
They're not wallets, they're just Coinbase accounts.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:03:49
If we were to follow the logic of the most useful knowledge first (and once gotten used to, the easiest way to read numbers) I propose the even saner way write numbers (if there weren't today's conventions to overcome) would be: ^3 1.5 (i.e. 1500 as 1.5 x 10^3 )
@_date: 2017-08-09 23:08:33
miners (i.e. hasphower as designed) who have more than the vast majority of us at stake for the future success of Bitcoin instigating changes = bad;
'a cluster of companies', also with a lot at stake, who needed, (at short notice, for some reason or other /s) needed, with the miners to see if there was a way of taking things forward and avoid the imminent threat instigating changes = bad
a tiny number of redditors and tweeters self-proclaiming themselves as representing the Economic Majority holding the network to ransome to push through the change they want = good?
Anyone can instigate changes. The 'cluster of companies' are not 'effectively taking control of bitcoin governance'. If the proposed changes are not accepted by those who mine, those who value, those who use, those who do business with Bitcoin, the change won't go through.
But for ffs, don't be rejecting it just because of who is instigating it. Accept or reject on the basis of its merits or lack thereof in your opinion. The rest is FUD.
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:29:23
Sure, and thanks for pointing it out. I think I'm following you. The scientific number as I used it is less precise, but to the extent that precision is needed, then the additional zeros can be added can't they? Scientific notation takes away the implication that decimals are insignificant too! 
It is in the context of Bitcoin rapidly deflating (in buying power) through the orders of magnitude that I (along with some others in bitcoin talk back in 2012-10-31) came up with this as a proposal. I think the barriers to adoption are far far far too great but I still like the idea and couldn't but drop it in to the discussion as above :D
Edit: Looking back at that thread now  I see we'd left the decimal point out and we'd arbitrarily gone with 1 satoshi = ^14 100 (1 x 10 ^14) as our reference point too so we had at that time: '... ^21 100 ^ btc = 1.00 btc, so ^20 5 is a cheap pizza, ^19 94 is a USD, etc?' (
And as it happens, bitcoin has done exactly what we were talking about so to illustrate the point, if we were to say it today, we'd have: ^21 100 ^ btc = 1.00 btc, so ^18 2 is a cheap pizza, ^17 23 is a USD! Fun and games :D
@_date: 2017-08-21 12:56:00
One person's bug is another person's feature. I like (just because) that my bitcoin addresses start with a  Segwit wallets won't so I guess with time, as BTC-S users (for settlement - or Segwit if you prefer) migrate onto the new address formats and price out old  address users, you'll leave them for those using the legacy address system. 
In terms of my own convenience, I use Piper paper wallets. I don't want to have to buy another or reprogram my wallet generator. My old wallets are still hand marked BTC along with the sum whereas I mark the new ones as BTC-S  and BCH accordingly. Same wallets containing different stuff. Like my physical wallet can carry GBP or EUR (or both).
I do understand this 'bug' can make things confusing for newcomers, but it's only yet one more of many many ways in which they can go wrong and lose their Bitcoins (of whatever variety). I suspect your annoyance at this is more that a different address system would help you keep up the belief (and make it easier to persuade others) that BCH is merely an altcoin rather than something which increasingly has the potential to take the 'the' Bitcoin crown at some point in the future..
@_date: 2017-08-10 14:03:02
Ha, funny /s
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:26:47
Thank you for the correction. Yes, that is what I meant.
@_date: 2017-08-24 17:24:36
OK, I think I got what you mean i.e. that if this continues so long that it brings the halving date forward quicker than the BCH price doubles, then there would be no incentive to mine? And if, as it would, the consequence would be that the Emergency Difficulty Adjustment mechanism would bring it down till it is profitable again. Of course, the lower it goes, the lower the difficulty and the less secure the network until it's easily and cheaply attacked, given mining technology would in this instance be driven by Bitcoin Segwit. If I've understood you correctly, there are many assumptions in your analogy. Ridiculously rapid blocks for a short while alternating with a day or two of extremely slow ones is far from ideal so we'll just have to see whether it settles down with time and becomes more consistently useable whilst in the meantime, from these sidelines, we watch with interest to see if Segwit and or Segwit with 2nd layer technologies gets to make Bitcoin useable again to a broader range of use cases than at present. Time will tell :)
@_date: 2017-08-10 15:54:58
Thanks for the laugh :)
@_date: 2017-08-22 16:20:43
Thanks for the link. It's years since I watched that video. I hope either he's right and that Bitcoin Settlement will survive and thrive even with the swathes of low-fee-dependent use cases wiped out or if the fees don't leave enough of a value proposition to enough people, that Bitcoin Cash will take up the reigns. Either way, I'm happy to have one as a hedge for the other.
@_date: 2017-08-22 13:57:41
For me, right now, one of the most entertaining and ironic things happening in the Bitcoin space is some of the most aggressive advocates of BIP148 (such as Lombroso and moral_agent) crying foul that S2X has no replay protection!
Remind me again all those years, no months, no weeks ago why these very same people were so highly recommending that everyone for the safety of their own coins should join them?
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:15:35
Nice theory, except it's looking like we may have seen the worst of those swings given by now the rewards are approximately equal between the two chains ( But you got to drive home your favourite derogatory term for Bitcoin Cash seven times in a single comment so I guess it was worth it!
@_date: 2017-08-10 14:09:30


Ah, now you're singing from jr's songsheet: the 'who us?' attitude that half the 148ers had referring to the physical facts in terms of no force, everybody's free to choose their own respones etc. which is technically, in a court of law, even probably, true.
However, you're conveniently ignoring the total irresponsibility that was in that move in that one possible consequence that nobody was in a position to quantify the risk of, was that the 148 minority chain, by design, was threatening wipe-out of the main chain. If you take a quick glance around this sub at the moment you'll find multiple-claims of having forced the hand of the miners. 'Gun to their heads' is just a stronger metaphor for the same thing. Individuals can vary in their opinion but as a group, you can't both say 'if it had gone wrong, it wouldn't have been our responsibility' and claim victory for having gotten the miners to do what they'd claimed for months and months they weren't going to do.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:31:59
If you're new here, as much fun as the conspiracy theories are, you may wish to look at the current top post for a more rational explanation. The evidence of conspiracy theory you'll find is that anything that could possibly be construed as supporting a pre-existing viewpoint is jumped upon as supporting evidence with no consideration to Occam.
e.g. WhalePanda: check
DesignerAccount: check
@_date: 2016-06-16 17:32:11
Not for me. Mine are still unconfirmed.
@_date: 2017-08-11 07:40:58
Let's not get carried away. I agree it's too big for governments to shut it down - or even to make its use illegal given it's so global and that they have to balance the risks of allowing the population to have this much control over their money v. risking other countries becoming the leaders in this new massive blockchain revolution.
However, it is by no means too big to fail in terms of tearing itself apart by disagreements, dangerous (i.e. no wipe-out, replay etc. protection) and by destroying it from the inside. 
@_date: 2017-08-09 16:05:21
Unsurprisingly, I disagree. I do think the likelihood is the NYA, and consequent signaling and locking in of Segwit happened because of the 148ers. And I think that has shown a vulnerability in Bitcoin, that a tiny vocal minority led by the master of cognitive dissonance, jr himself, can, in the right circumstances, 'force' what they want through and I think that's a dangerous precedent.
Before, I was seeing them as largely harmles hat-wearing geeks who were likely to fork themselves off onto a minority chain, needing a HF for change of difficulty or POW - and good riddance to them and their 'real bitcoin' altcoin. However, that's not at all what happened and as a consequence, in my mind they've moved on from baseball caps. Since yesterday, what the tone of many of the posts I'm seeing brings to mind is a bunch of thugs in khakis shooting off their rifles victoriously into the air, excitedly anticipating the next fight!
I do find the contradictions they manage to hold in mind quite astounding. 'It's a soft fork, nobody's forcing anybody to do anything' lives with 'there's no replay protection but if there's a hard fork and people lose transactions (thus potentially setting the reputation of crypto back decades) it will be exclusively the miners' fault and nothing to do with us'.
Miners then take two steps to prevent this happening i) ABC as an emergency measure against a replay disaster, should it have come to that; ii) swallow their pride, be pragmatic, go agree something that would prevent it from occurring by bringing 90% + miners on board.
148ers: 'It was their fear of what we would do (smash up the toy so nobody can play with it unless everyone agrees to play it our way) that led to Segit2x'.
Not to forget, of course: 'Now that we've got the first part of sw2x through, we can laugh in the miners' faces and tell them where to stick their x2'. And also, what I appear to be reading now: 'If they talk of doing anything 'we' don't like in future (the assumption being that this tiny minority actually represents anyone other than themselves) then we'll threaten UASF again.'
Isn't that what you were just more-or-less saying, belcher?
@_date: 2017-08-11 07:35:20
No need for you to make transactions 'for the good of bitcoin' in particular, unless it happens to fit with your own particular needs. As I see it, once purchased, whatever you choose to do with it is a contribution: 
Hodl = Reduce the available supply for the duration of hodling = increase in price = increase in publicity = increase in adoption.
Send (whether globally as remittance or simply re-arranging one's own wallets) = increase transactions = showing it's being used.
Spend - either directly or by supporting voucher / debit card - type services = showing it's being used and supporting businesses in the space.
Sell = Make it available to others wanting to get in.
Speculate = provide liquidity in the markets and assist with price discovery.
As far as I can see, once you're in, Bitcoin benefits whatever your actions (barring nefarious actions of course). Whether you benefit of course depends on your values, whether you're acting in alignment with what you can realistically afford to risk and on your reason for being in the space.
All the best and happy Bitcoining :)
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:20:40
Reading this, one could easily conclude that you would have been against the BIP148 UASF which was dependent on the 'threat' to / fear of a legacy-chain wipeout to 'force' everyone onto their chain. Yet as I recollect, at the time you were in favour. Change of heart or something else?
@_date: 2017-08-23 22:40:10
...according to your interpretation of what I said, maybe?* 
Or it could be that I like the idea of having different variants manifest the contrasting ideas in the split community to see whether the certainties expressed by each of the calamitous future outcomes of the ones they object to come to pass or not?
*I think you do realise you were putting words in my mouth there?
@_date: 2017-08-23 10:55:24
Good as 'Starsky &amp; Hutch' - type heroic law enforcement v. drug kingpin combined with magic internet money and the 'seedy' 'dark web' entertainment.
From my understanding though, they did leave a lot out. Whether this was to colour the story the way they wanted or for the sake of simplicity, I'd say some of the following were pretty critical to the way things went down:
The agent who was, according to the film, setting up the sting to get DPR to get violent was also one of two agents who also stole the funds, the theft of which was according to the story, what got DPR so angry.
Those two agents were arrested for thieving bitcoins, and one later caught trying to escape the US, prove there was some pretty deep corruption going on with some of the key players in the case, throwing doubt on the official narrative. 
The FBI had access to the SR server so could have planted those whole exchanges that appear to be out of character.
Also, unless you already know or are on the ball, the one featured (and possibly 5 other) attempted murder stuff is what leaves the impression of the type of man we're dealing with and they don't point out that none of that was sufficient evidence to convict him on those in court. i.e. It's all allegations.
On the other hand, if it does happen to be true (and please bear in mind I've only tangentially kept an eye on this story - because of my interest in Bitcoin - so some of my stated-as-fact points above may also be inaccurate or conspiracy theory), if it is true and there was any strong violence or attempted murder then I'd be happy for his bones to rot in his cell.
@_date: 2017-08-23 22:49:05
I really don't know. Having read much (and it's not even 'both sides' of the argument now because you have r/Bitcoiners and r/BTCers for and against S2X as do you have Core advocates and Bitcoin Cash advocates for and against) I have failed to come to a definitive standpoint on it.
Those most vocal for and against appear absolutely convinced that the 'economic majority' or a substantial majority of 'the community' is on their own side. All I hope is that whatever ends up happening in November, that it does not have a disastrous consequence in terms of Bitcoin's (and crypto's) reputation.
For this reason, when it became apparent that the Bitcoin Cash chain split happened so smoothly with no significant negative impact to either side, I made a public request to the NYA signatories that in November, unless they were absolutely convinced that they could take the vast vast majority of all stakeholders with them, that they seriously consider dropping it, given big blockers now have a coin that fulfils our raised block size limit and non-segwit criteria.
@_date: 2017-08-25 18:06:11
No, what's been happening over and over is the ridiculous self-deception (or deliberate mis-leading) that anyone who is seriously into bitcoin (of whatever variety) would ever consider lifting the 21m cap!
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:11:20
....and for as long as there are blocks without Segwit transactions, the ASICBOOST conspiracy theorists will maintain their belief that it was the reason miners stalled Segwit. It's what conspiracy theorists do!
@_date: 2017-08-24 16:18:38
Would you explain this 'inflationary death spiral' thing I keep seeing amongst detractors please? As I understand it the main thing that the ultra-fast block discovery periods are doing are to accelerate the release of coins that were going to be released anyway at some point. If it increases the coin release rate closer to what it was prior to the last halving but has no impact on the total to be released, how is that particularly detrimental to its survival?
@_date: 2017-08-23 11:24:38
Well done for timing your response to one of the longest periods between blocks! 
i) If you want to be objective on this, take an average over a longer period than 1!
 ii) Of course it was going to lose significant hashpower once it got less profitable. Nobody expected otherwise;
 iii) If it Bitcoin Cash survived the first period going from the same difficulty as Bitcoin, the likelihood of it being a massive issue every time this happens lessens (if you're wondering why, give some time to some of van Virdum's many qualifiers that make his 'story' a nonsense).
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:18:20


It's sad we've got to the day where more use cases is seen as a negative! My question to those who want Bitcoin exclusively as store of value and settlement layer is how long do you think it will retain value if you're eroding the use cases that brought us to where we are today - many of which were the reasons many of us got involved in the first place*?
*...and just to pre-empt the usual 'paypal' responses (not necessarily from you) I'll give you my example which is for the Sudanese to have a means of protecting themselves against government abuse of money supply (in the 90s I experienced their doubling the supply monthly to pay the army and consequently halving its buying power).
@_date: 2017-08-25 16:48:14
The implication is that miners want this situation. Yet they've expressed their preference time and time again for bigger blocks to allow for many more transactions with smaller fees to accommodate the growth this limit has been stifling in order to drive up bitcoin price such that they get a bigger total fee (in $ value) per block - kinda like what Satoshi had in mind!
I'm not saying there aren't potential problems with doing this. What I'm calling out is the ridiculousness of UASF Lombrozo blaming miners for the consequences of exactly what he and his 148er buddies were prepared to see the main chain re-org to obtain. I think he's been hanging out too much with Luke!
@_date: 2017-08-23 16:51:33


There may be, but I have no reason to believe your reasoning is more likely to come upon it than mine or anyone else's. I've grown over the years to care less about absolute truth (if there is such a thing) and instead to give my attention to what works v. what doesn't. And on this there's a good likelihood we disagree too so let's leave it here, yes?
As for your being mindblown that anyone should come to such a conclusion, you're on the internet ffs! Unless you're Mormon or Amish I guess you are aware that there are some people with different belief systems than your own? Anyways, I digress!
@_date: 2017-08-10 11:30:17
Thanks for another correction. There were some though I hadn't seen yours, that were explicit (though I don't see how I was threatened)!
But a lot of the weaselly narrative came from Luke's language which I find sickening in that he wanted causality without being prepared to take responsibility.
@_date: 2017-08-09 10:54:11


To the enquirer, I strongly suggest you take note of this, by whom it was said an in which subreddit it was said then go do a little independent research to discover whether or not this represents the truth then draw what conclusions you will - both about the poster's intention in giving you an honest answer and about this sub where such misinformation (oops, did I give away my position?!) abounds!
@_date: 2017-08-23 15:57:02
I get that your a moral absolutist on this issue. I was just pointing out that that it's merely your perspective you're expressing, not 'the truth' - and that others have come to different conclusions than your own.
@_date: 2016-12-04 16:57:30
You're welcome :) And thank you too for again, taking the time and effort to qualify your arguments and clarify your position so fully and also for taking my own comments in good faith. I think one of the reasons this issue remains unresolved is the lack of such civilised exchanges talking about the actual issues in such a way that results in better understanding. And neither side can claim the moral high ground on that one!
You make many points I'll take the time to consider and look into further. I say that because I don't want my drawing attention to the points of disagreement to be taken as a dismissal or lack of appreciation to your contribution to my considerations.


As I understand it, alt clients came about out of frustration at core and or core supporters' stubborness and supression of discussion. I don't think blaming the antagonism on the other side is helpful. BU, and support thereof, is the current form of its expression, not its cause.


Do you see an end in sight - or a likely pathway by which this may be brought to an end? I'm afraid I'm simply not seeing it.


Some complain it's too little too late but it's not the main argument I've heard. It is that it that SegWit (as is being deployed) is deemed to be a more risky prospect to Bitcoin than a straightforward block-size limit increase. I'm not convinced either way, largely because it has been so difficult to see well reasoned arguments that start with the assumption of good faith and do not attack / ridicule the other.


But at what cost? For me, stifiling adoption at this stage with an artificial bottleneck is too high a price to try and settle the 'how' of full blocks right now. That bridge can be crossed as we get to it. Doing it now when low-fee users have no Lightening or whatever alternative is premature and too high a risk in my eyes.










This is not what I was talking about. I've also seen legitimate low-fee transactions included in some peoples' definition of spam. I find that arrogant.




I disagree with this entirely. Maybe it would have been clearer to say 'for elite transactions'. Maybe my context is wider than yours of 'ordinary people'. I'm talking about people for whom 'too high' is an order of magnitude or two lower than it might be for you and me.
I first saw a need for a digital currency independent of government or company in 1996 when in Sudan, seeing the direct impact of government printing of money on its people. With learning about public key cryptography I got part of the way conceptually but, like many more technalogically capable than me, got stuck with the double-spend problem. I did think it was only a matter of time before someone figured it out, however and was delighted in 2012 to discover it had been :)
As this subreddit likes to draw to our attention, there are people in countries of high inflation where Bitcoin can today make a difference - or at least, could, if this technological experiment of an artificial fee market,wasn't going to make it prohibitive for their everyday use. Who are core and / or core supporters to dismiss their transactional needs as unimportant or spam?
I hear you regarding all the work core has been doing to address capacity issues and I would love to be thanking them. Yet the way core alienated and drove out some key players and the debate-stifling tactics that have been employed by them and / or their supporters makes it very difficult for me to respect them.
Nevertheless, I thank you for this exchange of ours.
@_date: 2016-12-03 12:54:34
'We are now in the process of seeing what happens when you [make the capacity of the core network bigger AND build a layer on top of it that increases the capacity outside of the core network] [...] There's [...] Lightening [...] and the underlying network being expanded by a factor of two, and both of these technologies are being deployed right now' (
I've always been a big admirer of ...Edit: and I still am - especially, having listened to it all, with the openness of expression regarding whatever he was asked about ...but he does seem to be brushing the current deadlock under the carpet. I guess in terms of 'being expanded by a factor of two', depending on your definition of 'deployment', one could say it is in the process of being deployed. But Lightening 'being deployed right now'? Did I miss something fundamental or is there something that can release the current transaction bottleneck really imminent?
@_date: 2017-08-21 13:03:42
Honeybadger cowers in the corner deeply hurt by having been insulted by an apparent misnaming!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:48:09
Yup, we learned that a small bunch of loud-mouthed, threatening thugs sometimes get their way - providing they can count on those wishing to protect themselves and the general bitcoin-using population from otherwise potentially disastrous consequences!
@_date: 2017-08-25 21:13:51
I'm following your argument, I'm following your argument, I'm following your argument and then... 


Jeepers! So what's with the hyperbole. That's the second time I've seen that one today in this sub. Just because someone has a different opinion than you on certain aspects doesn't mean they've completely lost their marbles! That argument is nothing more than FUD-raising straw man!
@_date: 2017-08-25 17:21:25
RemindMe! 3 months "u/ebliever: in a few months BCH will be in crisis - their boasted low fees (from lack of use) combined with early halvening will make them highly vulnerable to 51% attacks. With good incentive from frustrated bitcoin supporters to launch such attacks to finish the scamcoin off. I won't be surprised in the least if we start hearing propaganda on r/btc/ soon about the dangers of deflationary currencies and how a 'reasonable' inflation rate is a good thing, followed by lifting the 21M cap."
You guys are so funny :D Of course all we BCH / r/btc folks want is the lifting of the 21m cap ROFL!
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:17:10
I think you should strut around in your indignant, self-righteous manner, convinced you above all are right about everything - until such a time you may find this behaviour unsatisfactory. You may then experiment wiht engaging with people in a more constructive manner and see if you like it better :) 
@_date: 2016-12-20 19:31:23
Is it just me or are there others that see pokertravis's apparently welcoming comment here as disingenuous after seeing how he followed through?
Apparently everybody, not least the welcomed author of the piece in question, who disagrees with his viewpoint is unreasonable and living in an alternative reality. So much for dialogue! Thanks fella! Or maybe it's an extreme parody of the opinions of some of those happily living in the dreamworld of this cloistered 'consensus' community? Can't tell anymore!
@_date: 2017-08-10 05:27:32
I'm tending to be persuaded by Andreas A's argument that mining decentralisation is on its way down.
However, actions that are likely to lead to a split in the coin reduce the hashpower and the number of miners for each side of the split (look at the precarious position BCH is in at present). What I'm not seeing from the side that sees this as highly problematic (other than fringe ideas of changing POW) is a proposal that solves it. If it is already intolerably bad for you, I don't understand the passion for defending the satus quo.
Interestingly, with BCH starting from a tiny number of miners controling the vast majority of the hashrate in combination with bigger blocks which, according to Core theory, will lead to too much centralisation, we have a means of seeing how that works out. If it's successful, maybe the fear around surrendering every mb more of block size increase might not to be so bad?
@_date: 2017-08-09 22:27:26
Come on, belcher, you're better than that! 'there have been lots of conspiracy theories' as a means of sowing doubt out of thin air is pretty lame! The fact is there is no way of telling - especially with much of the communication going on where only polite and carefully phrased dissent with no links that could be construed as 'brigading' etc. is tolerated, and which only consists of English-speaking bitcoiners - that one can know whether opinions expressed here represent a tiny number who are ridiculously loud (or who hire or use technology to give the impressions of larger numbers) or whether they actually represent substantial numbers of people.
It is the very reason I can not see what the 148ers did as a noble pursuit, done for the sake of the future of Bitcoin, rather as a bunch of possibly largely well-intentioned thugs who presumed, without any non-sybillable evidence, to represent 'us', the 'good ones' and held the whole network hostage, threatening to fork to a tiny minority fork with the potential to destroy the major fork - and consequently the trust in irreversibility which would have undermined the whole of crypto - all whilst claiming, had something gone wrong, it would have been the miners' fault for not going with them. And guess what they (you're) gunning to do it all again!
Of course the sensible part of me wants to see whatever's going to happen to your chain in the next months not to cause massive disruption, whether it's consensus or a fork. However, part of me is loathe to see thugs get away with such antics and would like, for the future of reasoning and reasonable bitcoiners, to see the UASFers fork themselves off into oblivion with the miners, instead of cowtowing to them, just letting them go with a wave of 'good riddance'.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:56:07


By 'it errors' I assume you mean 'I disagree with'?


By 'you want' you mean 'I want'?


There would certainly be practically useful advantages of having predictable value. But on what would it be judged? The value of things and services change. A central bank could aim to have predictable value (and some have a fixed inflationary goal) but the way price inflation is measured is subjective (for instance, in the UK it doesn't include increases in domestic rents).
The claim that a currency that has no means of being flexible to prevent deflation can't work is, as we speak, being put to the test. You can say 'I predict Bitcoin will fail and this is my definition of its failing because it fails to conform with a particular theory of what a currency is. Or you can just sit back and watch :)
P.S. Your dismissal of 'crypto sites' is a little unfair because 'crypto' experiments putting to test theories of money are not restricted to Bitcoin. Why not check out Freicoin that implements another theory of what will make a good currency. May the best win :)
@_date: 2017-08-09 18:57:25
Are they? Maybe I'm mistaken but (other than for the cold wallet, multi-sig stuff) I was under the assumption that the funds were in Coinbase's wallets and that all the customers have is, as per bank accounts, account entries in their own database.
@_date: 2016-12-21 07:39:54
It's a fair response. And the existence of rails, ETFs etc. would reduce the demand for on-chain transactions by orders of magnitude. However, it is certainly something the ETF issuer (or whoever is ultimately carrying the exchange risk) should be considering.
This is all fine and dandy for as long as confidence holds (and when the price is doing what it's doing that's an easy thing for many to maintain). Fortunately, this is Bitcoin and there's a good chance we'll see how this plays out! I guess the crux will be whether, after the experience, whether people buy back in or go elsewhere where the transaction throughput bottleneck is not seen as a virtue.
@_date: 2017-08-21 15:19:02
Thanks for the clarification. I stand corrected. Apologies for my error. I just went to check it out and yes, your support was early day theoretic support for a UASF, not specific support for BIP148. (r/Bitcoin/comments/645jjq/why_i_support_a_uasf/)
@_date: 2016-12-21 08:26:48
Come to think of it u/luke-jr, would you like to revise this before I post again with a new headline: 'Principal small-block advocate, and champion of bitcoin-as-gold-not-as-cash movement, luke-jr, illustrates he is clueless with regard to how most people use gold globally.'
See below, my drawing of attention to cash-for-gold shops as an example of why I believe you're so far off the mark on this one. 
@_date: 2016-12-22 04:20:07
You can call it its 'intrinsic value' if you like but we are at least in agreement with it being the mechanism by which the currency works, the 'currency' I'd say being an abstraction of the interaction between wallet software and the block chain.
My confusion and frustration was your insistence that it's the scarcity of space in the block (which is as a consequence of a provisional choice years back and a failure to agree on changing it later) that makes it analogous to gold rather than the scarcity arising out of the unalterable issuance of the 'coin'. Never mind. Let's leave it there.
@_date: 2016-12-09 13:01:28
Thank you for having taken the time to reply in such detail. Having spent much time there myself I can see how one could come to such a conclusion. However, I'm only there (actually I'm in both together through because draconian rules and moderation here make it impossible to get the full picture from here alone.
I am a proponent of bigger blocks and run a full node of a version I can't name here in support of what I still believe is the most sensible way forward. I don't like Ver and his over-generalisations, accusations and absolute certainty that he and his views are right. Nevertheless, we are not in disagreement about everything, obviously!
Don't know whether this might help but given you'd responded so fully, I thought you deserved a full response from me.
Peace :)
Edit: and, btw, I was born in 1966 so don't quite qualify on the your age generalisation ;)
@_date: 2016-12-04 10:11:55
Was there a link to this on r/bitcoin (or anywhere) with counterarguments please? I am trying to remain open to arguments on both sides but it is really difficult to be informed when it only prominently appears in a forum where everybody already agrees with its conclusions!
@_date: 2017-08-23 14:55:48
Oh how I look forward to such informative comments addressing the issues! /s
@_date: 2016-12-07 06:32:19
I know you didn't - Apologies that my gripe was addressing more the set of attitudes and beliefs that generally go with the comment AA made, not what he or you actually stated.


The economic theory you appear to be referring to has ,in my opinion, an oversimplified, risk/reward model. Or maybe it would be fairer to say common understandings of that economic model is oversimplified. Situations of inelastic supply where monopoly or economic rent apply, have a different risk / reward nature than where the prices of goods and services are subject to the traditional supply / demand curve. Examples of inelastic supply markets include land, bitcoin and, interestingly, in today's fixed block size scenario, bitcoin transactions.
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:17:00
Please desist! There's a reasonable amount of civil discussion here. No need for the tarring those with a different view than you in the way you do. This kind of name calling is in my opinion the single biggest cause of the community's failure to have come to a consensus on how to move forward. You're not helping. Thank you.
@_date: 2016-12-21 06:27:36
I just read the whole of this branch and thought I'd give others the heads up that pokertravis appears to be a classic example of the Dunning-Kruger effect with Metcalfe's Law (and economics in general).
I declined to engage with him yesterday on the same argument and I'm glad I did. However, as an example of someone so convinced in error of his rightness that he'll be dismissive and insulting of the other and their argument, it makes for a great read. Unfortunately, in terms of learning anything about the matters under consideration, I'd look elsewhere!
@_date: 2016-12-21 07:31:58
Whether they do or not in the real world of there being no restriction, in this theoretical scenario, aren't these the kind of considerations existing gold-holders would be having?
@_date: 2016-12-21 08:03:31
I hope you're right.
@_date: 2017-08-09 13:41:05
Thank you for responding in a more open and less cynical manner than I responded to yours.
@_date: 2016-11-13 08:31:01
If by 'we have moved on' you mean the community, you may be correct. But let's not get into possible reasons as to why reading here gives the impression there is a consensus on this! There are many for whom it is far from a settled issue.
From a user perspective, if when I went to pay for something with 'bitcoin', my wallet would offer me one or more fast, low-cost off-chain options (with associated risks) or slower, on-chain traditional bitcoin payment, I would be good with the fees being higher for on-chain. But we are not there yet.
As I understand it, among the risks to be considered, there are those associated with increasing block size, there are risks with Segwit (especially the complexity of introducing through soft-fork) and there are risks with cutting more Bitcoin use cases (and potential users) out by having fees increase before off-chain solutions have been developed and matured sufficiently.
I think there is a risk inside the bitcoin community - especially for those of us who have been around long enough to experience its growth since late 2012 - to think it's more-or-less a done deal, that it will survive and thrive. But my opinion, and it is simply that, is that we are far from ready to be cutting out swathes of the global population from its use with fee increases caused by the block-size bottleneck. In so doing, we are increasing the chances that something else will come along that will dwarf to insignificance the fantastic but - and let's keep it real here - miniscule inroads bitcoin has made into global finance.
@_date: 2016-12-21 06:57:28


You know, I think you may have just given me reason to believe this can-continue-to-be-valued-as-digital-gold-without-being-useful-as-digital-cash argument may have merit after all:
If, as people first come across it and are attracted to the ideas, the things they get most excited about are based on their impression it is a peer-to-peer currency, it can continue to gain traction even if this is a misinterpretation PROVIDING they engage with it in such a way that they continue to see value in it for different reasons (digital gold, settlement layer etc) as they learn the reason for their initial excitement was unfounded.
The white paper, vocal proponents for its continued use as a currency will help and a rising price will help. However, as far as I can see right now, what is being bet upon is:
i) that the headline and first-interaction material people read continue to mislead people into the belief bitcoin is digital cash - AND that significant enough numbers stay on board even when they learn it's not anymore;
ii) should the dominant information out there switch to the 'new vision', that people coming across it for the first time will still want to engage;
iii) the second layer, payment rails technologies will be available such that people who come across it as digital cash can somehow easily use it as digital cash.
For the sake of the future of Bitcoin, if the transaction bottleneck issue is not resolved in time, I really hope something along these lines will occur.
@_date: 2017-08-25 19:14:26
I accept this may be the case. Now you have your Segwit coin we can wait and see how things turn out can't we. Let's see as the evidence builds up which side refuses to let go of the ideas they held true before there was any?
@_date: 2016-12-21 10:43:34


Thanks for saying this. In my mind at least, the distinguishing of the positions of people who appear 'from the other side' to be speaking with one voice helps with understanding and clarity.
And in the same stroke I think you've illustrated one of the problems of the current transition. It's that the focus is on the technology and the assumption that as long as the price is OK, the technological advances must be taking Bitcoin in the right direction. I believe the seriously underestimated danger is you may end up with your technologically immaculate Bitcoin and with your hodling followers asking what the dickens happened to their store of value?
I also find Lightening - or whichever second-tier technology that ends up both working and dominating - exciting. But I think I recollect having read you saying before that you're happy for transaction throughput to be hitting its limit in order to have those technologies developed quicker. To me that's putting the cart before the horse where the horse is the multitude of use cases for Bitcoin as it was able to be used till recently, which is slowly diminishing - and the longer that goes on, the higher the risk there will be no value left in bitcoin for the hodlers to store.
As for the transition, I was under the impression for some time the block size debate was about trying to find the best way to increase transaction throughput. However, the dominant narrative seems to have changed now on this subreddit to Bitcoin as 'settlement layer' and 'store of value', often too calling any other potential use cases as spam.
As I underestand it you are the leading proponent of the rare and extreme 1mb-or-less block chain position. So how is this not a transition to seeing Bitcoin in a whole other light to the original intention? I'm not saying right or wrong, nor appealing to Satoshi authority, just asking acknowledgement that leaving behind the original cash vision is a fundamental transition.
@_date: 2016-12-21 15:47:32
Ha, I didn't spot your name but recognised you by your insults. Your misunderstanding of the purpose of the analogy is also par for course. And, incidentally, I guess you meant 'FAR more costly than bitcoin' which is of course, indisputable - but that wasn't the point. Never mind!
@_date: 2017-08-22 15:39:22
Again, thanks for acknowledging and referring to your 'damascus' moment with 148 and replay! In which case, I've chosen the wrong man to pick this fight with. It was the audacity in Lambroso's comment earlier (  ) that got my goat but by the time of reading yours I was just finding the irony amusing!
As for S2X and replay / wipeout protection, I'm generally in favour, unless it is clear there is overwhelming support for the hard fork, that protection be put in place and, sure, it is a lot more practical for the forkers to do it than S1X (tempted to call it 'legacy' but by forking that, it wouldn't be). To a certain extent though, I'm much less passionate about it because I tend to look at what I'm calling BTC-s (Bitcoin Settlement / Segwit) - whether it ends up finding a solution to remaining as one coin or splits to two - as my hedge against any of the catastrophic Core / r/bitcoin -preached predictions regarding block-size-limit-increases coming true and Bitcoin Cash failing.
@_date: 2016-12-17 01:08:49


If it's you're referring to, then I wouldn't argue with that point!
Kidding aside, I don't hear much talk of 'indiscriminate increase' except from the small-block camp. It's the equivalent of the big-blockers' accusation of small-blockers never wanting to see an increase. Both are up there in the top 10 straw men arguments!


I thought it was more the centralisation of nodes that was the concern? Mining has been for some time about as centralised as it can get, with those getting too close to the dangerous level deliberately backing off. I understand there's a reasonable-sounding argument that says the leveling off of ASIC development is likely to - if it isn't already - lead to a reversal of the centralising trend of the first 8 years.
But if you prefer, you can dismiss anyone having a different opinion than you as having no argument.
@_date: 2016-12-08 19:05:15
Just to be clear, your interpretation of the OP's motives as lacking integrity (which I'm not arguing with btw) makes it OK to call big blockers 'Ver and his 14 yo "to the moon boys"', yes? Hmmmmm!
@_date: 2016-12-21 22:48:49
I did kinda get your analogy. You do seem to be introducing a fundamentally different narrative in relation to bitcoin mining v. gold mining to anything I've seen in the four years I've been in this space. Not only that but you're claiming your explanation to be the 'actual' analogy.


What you're critiquing here is not my analogy, it's Satoshi's.


Of course they're different. The algorithm is a mathematical approximation of certain, selected attributes of gold.


I'm physically holding my head here, thinking of the extent to which you're ignoring the problem the block chain was invented to solve. What was Satoshi's intention in inventing Bitcoin? Sure, the genesis block was used to record information but have you forgotten what it said and what that signifies?
I'll refer you to the whitepaper. I'm out!
@_date: 2016-12-06 22:54:36
Great to hear the payments-per-second concept being articulated - and, as Andreas does so well, using a great analogy to introduce it.
I recently freaked a fellow Geo-libertarian out by suggesting smart contracts and smart money may in the not too distant future be able to ascertain the economic rent of land, accept rental payment per second and immediately divide and distribute it equally between everybody in the world such that those who live in more advantageous locations than average constantly pay more for it than they receive as nano-citizen-dividend whilst those in less attractive locations receive on balance, continuous compensation (both for not having the advantages of better locations and for what they contribute to the global economy that is reflected as rent in the highest value locations).
Sorry if I'm making this crazily complicated. I'm certainly not trying to make the case here for the end of land ownership as we know it today; just saying as I was to him, that should there be a mega shift in attitude such that the world agrees to play the economy by new rules, we will soon have a technology that can handle it :)
@_date: 2016-12-21 09:18:42


I did not intend to imply it can. Apologies if I was unclear. The similarities and differences between Bitcoin and gold and as cash are part of what makes it so fascinating. As an aside, in response to people who compare it to Tulip Mania I ask: 'What if these tulip bulbs were fungible, infinitely divisible and could be tele-transported to anyone in the world? ' I suspect if this were the case, it would have become the global currency of its day.


I'm not seeing the relevance of this to my argument. If the objective were to make Bitcoin primarily compete with gold for physical exchange, this would of course overcome the digital transaction limit. But this is the inverse of my argument. As I understand it, the argument being made by bitcoin-as-gold-not-as-cash posse is that it can compete with gold as a reserve or settlement layer. My question here is if a transaction limit were imposed on gold as it is currently with Bitcoin, what, if any impact might that have on confidence and its use as a reserve or hedge? Gold has the advantage of thousands of years - and I've even heard suggestions that our attraction to it may be evolutionary. Of course this is hypothetical but do we think it would keep its popularity and its price?
My implication of course is a questioning of whether Bitcoin may be scuppering its chances of being anything other than niche (and subsequently, likely slipping quietly into oblivion) if the transaction capacity is capped.


OK, here's my guestimate on this - and feel free to question any element of it: Let's say globally there are 75,000 towns of more than 10,000. I'm projecting 4 cash-for-gold shops per town (or equivalent in whatever the local culture market structure). 5 transactions per hour, open for 10 hours is 200 transactions per town per day, 15 million globally is 174 per second. And this doesn't count the kind of gold-as-'gold' transactions you and Luke seem to have in mind.
@_date: 2016-12-08 16:58:16


So those who would like bigger blocks for bitcoin are now not bitcoin users in your eyes? Come on! Please quit with demonising the other side (and that applies to both sides). This is a rare opportunity in this sub to have constructive debate on this. Your attitude is not helpful!
@_date: 2016-12-21 07:54:51
You can tell this is from 2014. People are still considering using bitcoin for groceries. Tut tut, get with the programme, no more than ten shoppers per second globally please! The new vision is settlement layer, digital-gold-not-digital-cash. (just don't tell the newbies otherwise they may go elsewhere).
@_date: 2016-12-21 08:11:23
OK, I'll bite given two of you have said the same thing! How come? There are 4 Cash-for-gold shops in my local high street alone. Who knows what that is globally. What if I went in with a small bar to sell that I'd held as a hedge and a big digital sign said: 'The global gold-transaction queue with standard fee is currently at approximately 10 hours. Please either take a seat or come place your bid to place yourself ahead of others.'?
@_date: 2016-12-04 11:36:11


I've seen something along these lines stated a few times now and am still failing to see why we'd want this. Can you elaborate?
By 'user experience' are you referring to the 'economic rent' element of fees caused by scarcity of transaction throughput? I believe to have this scenario anytime before it is absolutely unavoidable is unnecessarily risking bitcoin's future in terms of network-effect dominance (which is what I'm seeing happening now)!
If, rather, we're talking about the experience of an average user, it will be an entirely different experience when the technology has advanced such that a transaction can be directed over the appropriate network (on or off-chain) seamlessly. For me, first things first is having the means for users to keep using 'bitcoin' for whatever their needs are today (including buying coffee), not coders deciding which use cases are valid or not.
@_date: 2016-12-04 13:35:15
Thanks for the thoroughness of your reply.
The issues you talk of are currently being dealt with because it is urgent. It is urgent because we've hit the block size limit. What's more urgent in my book is not turning bitcoin into a service for the elite and risking what to some appears to be an insurmountable network-effect lead. It is not insurmountable. We're currently at risk of losing momentum from which we may not be able to recover if it goes on too long. And we won't know how too long is till it's too late.
We may have needed to get close to hitting transaction capacity to get the solutions you mention on the table but they're on the table now. You think if the block-size limit is doubled or quadrupled, nobody would work on them for ten years or until it's hit again? I can't see that forcing the issue now by refusing to allow the transaction numbers and userbase to grow is a sensible measure.
I'm not talking about Bitcoin competing as in trying to be better than competition over speed of transaction. I'm talking about not deliberately making it uncompetitive. And it's not about speed of transaction anyway. We're talking about an increasing number of genuine transactions having no hope of getting through ever and the consequent turn-off for potential users outside of the 'core-approved' userbase who brand other uses as 'spam'.
The OP fails to convince me the block size can't be increased substantially now without risking substantial numbers hobbyist nodes shutting down. 




I'll be honest, I'm confused by these statements. In open source, isn't any technical lead instantly replicable? Or are you talking about its censorship-resistance lead which only exists for as long as the mining hash-power and distributed node numbers are more distributed than any competitor? Because if that's the case, making it unattractive to more potential users right now (by holding onto an artificial bottleneck) is in my eyes shooting ourselves in the foot.
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:33:13
One might guess from your use of cap lock that you're a proponent of locking the cap ;) ?
@_date: 2017-08-09 18:59:44
I am pleased, having considered the matters, that you are more confident than I as to their potential harm. I hope you're right. It will be interesting to see, now they've got the bit between their teeth, how they'll behave with the forthcoming 2nd part of the NYA.
@_date: 2017-08-10 10:22:53
Note the difference in the language before and after.
Before: 'UASF is opt in', 'we're not forcing anyone to do anything', 'if there's an orphaning that destroys the main chain [and, incidentally, much of crypto's value proposition] it will be the miner's fault, not ours'.
After: 'armed we are powerful', 'we don't need anyone's agreement to stop sx2', ' rule [by which, I assume you're meaning non-mining nodes]'
The bravado is scary. Fortunately, if they're deluded and don't actually have as much of the 'Economic Majority' on board as they think they do then both EM and hashpower can leave them behind.
@_date: 2016-12-22 02:02:45


Yes, that misleading title and pesky abstract really wasn't what the technology was about at all was it! 
Of course the meat of it was about transactions. We kinda figured out how to transact physical things a while back. Many people, even me, had figured out that cryptographic signatures could potentially be used as coins. The challenge that was solved was the double-spend problem. The means, Satoshi's genius was a practically immutable distributed ledger of transactions. But the intention was a means of exchanging signature-chain-coins that would become valuable if enough people saw that they were electronically-transferable, fungible, divisible and (prior to the genesis block being created) limited in numbers.
But seeing as you prompted me to open the white paper...


You can pluck whatever you want out of your vivid imagination to compare with gold. However, it's a bit daft to criticise people for using the 'coins' as analogous to gold given that is a foundational principle of this technology. 
As a general rule, I'm afraid you need more than a word count to understand what a paper expresses. You need to actually read it to learn what the problem was that he so ingeniously solved. But for context, for anyone who may be surprised by the low frequency of the word 'cash', it's worth noting 'payment' appears 12 times and 'coin' 16 times. 
@_date: 2016-12-20 20:12:03
I am a member there so with the author, you have two potentially in this thread at least. However, I would venture to suggest, if you genuinely want to engage in discussion, the outcome of which is likely to be positive to both parties (otherwise why would they engage), it might help not to start off by dismissing and insulting, not only the content but any persons who see this issue differently than yourself.
That is why, despite my interest in the principles of network effect, Metcalfe, the difference between value and price etc. I will not engage with you on the link you posted, nor with you in anyway henceforth (unless you show over time you can engage in a civil manner) due to your having thoroughly earned my disrespect. Ourvoir!
@_date: 2016-12-21 07:44:22
I'd forgotten for a moment that underlying principles of discourse between scientists is to be dismissive, insulting and acrimonious, that the key to progress is to shout louder and not listen to your opponents. Bring on the enlightenment!
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:31:00
We certainly have something that has the potential to be digital gold. But to claim it is already and to believe it's mature enough to be able to cut out a whole plethora of use cases by those for whom higher fees won't work BEFORE the other layers have been proven reliable just doesn't cut it for me. How can we think it's sensible to reduce Bitcoin to a settlement layer when there are no other working layers?
@_date: 2016-12-07 00:06:12
This argument is one of the few places I believe his argument is oversimplified - and a common one used by libertarian bitcoiners.
Yes, there is a significant risk of loss - even total loss. Yet the strategy most widely and sensibly advocated is not to speculate on bitcoin more than one can afford to lose - in which case, in the scale of risks taken over history, it's not an 'enormous risk' - certainly not one that is proportionate to the potential magnitude of reward.
I did very well from the irresponsible speculation I made between late 2012 and early 2014. Yes, I had seen a need for it before I found it, I saw the potential for it, got it and, in the first instance, wanted to support it. I was also very lucky. There are many who had the same insight and excitement who speculated at around its peak who will not have been able to afford to sustain an irresponsible level of speculation for long enough to break even, let alone make. I'm just saying luck has a significant part to play too.
And finally, we need to acknowledge that the increase in value that early adopters gain comes from later adopters. It doesn't make illegitimate but it is economic rent. I don't have a problem with it providing the last person to buy into it buys something which is of value to them (which with bitcoin, I believe is pretty likely if it has become a significant global player). I'm just not comfortable with those who claim they've 'earned' it in the same way as had they been providing others with goods or a service.
Just my thoughts on that :)
@_date: 2016-12-21 23:13:48
Small volume in terms of value but not necessarily in terms of physical exchange, which is what I was alluding to.
@_date: 2016-12-21 09:51:48
OK, thanks for responding. I wouldn't want to be attacking you personally, especially given your role in Bitcoin having gotten to where it is today. Your technical expertise and dedication is laudable and I thank you.
However, I don't think I'm mistaken in that you're leading the charge to have Bitcoin evolve from its original digital cash (with gold properties) vision to digital gold (as settlement layer). I am questioning whether your confidence in the transition is founded on a questionable assumption on the global use of gold. There's a lot at stake and the respect you've earned means you have substantial influence.


I have. I had a rough patch, I ran out of Bitcoins and cashed in a bit of jewelry. The fact you even ask the question as to 'who uses them' shows how out of touch you are with realities for many many people globally - and also of your understanding of why on earth these shops would exist if there wasn't a demand for them.
One of the difficulties is there is no clear separation between use of gold as decoration and as store of value. And I add my 'not clueful-ness' to your own, we have two people who don't really know what role the multitudes of small buyers, sellers and gold-as-money transactions play in gold's sustained use as a store of value.
One of the beauties of Bitcoin is we're gathering data to test the years of theoretical debate about the pros and cons of a deflationary currency. And we can do it without inflicting nation states to any possible negative outcomes. Likewise, I guess, we could say it's a lot less of a negative impact globally if the transaction-limit experiment is carried out with Bitcoin than if it were possible with gold. However, I'd be disappointed to see it flounder and fail because the technical experts refused to consider they may be wrong on economic aspects.
That is why I believe this is worth bringing to people's attention. It is also why, given your position as one looked up at by the community, I believe your displaying - and proclaiming - of your ignorance on this is noteworthy. I apologise for the extent to which it appears as a personal attack. It is a side-effect, not the underlying intention - which is an attempt to protect by another pathway than that which you advocate, a technology we both value greatly. 
@_date: 2016-12-21 19:26:44
The number of diverse ways people who come from an 'intrinsic value' paradigm of money shoehorn the concept into Bitcoin (or shoehorn their concept of Bitcoin to fit the 'intrinsic value' model).
I was taking Satoshi's analogy where he's talking about mined bitcoins as being analogous to mined gold (bitcoins being what is valued and transacted as cash) then reversing that to draw attention to a potential risk arising from eradicating its utility for smaller transactions. It is unsurprising given how you perceive Bitcoin that my analogy makes little sense.
@_date: 2016-12-17 00:31:36
I can never tell these days but I'm guessing you're kidding right? In case you're not: This abuse of the term 'spamming' is one of the things I find most difficult in these discussions. Check the definition. People in many countries really need access to the kind of things you and I take for granted. We're talking about real people with real needs. 
I find the locking of the transaction throughput prematurely such as to limit access to this potentially globally transformational technology to the privileged few very disheartening. I'm not technologically knowledgeable enough to come to a definite conclusion on the way forward in the short term but I find this kind of attitude sickening.
The 'fee market' you refer to is technically 'economic rent'. There always was and would be a fee market without the capping. Technical constraints may be inevitable in the longer term but to create it deliberately now is as destructive to the bitcoin economy as economic rent is in any economy.
Difference is, deliberately reducing the number of buses to raise fees is an invitation for competition to step in. That's the real world the 'bitcoin is unassailable' brigade seem to have failed to notice.
@_date: 2016-12-21 23:24:22
Sure, but if there's a spike in the number of agreements made, if a substantial number of those agreements include the bitcoin transaction fee then some of the lower-fee settlements may not get through for a very long time.
But I fear we're being distracted by my secondary consideration (the escape plan scenario). My main point was the unknown role played by many many small gold transactions in its utility as a store of value. We simply don't know so I'm questioning whether the confidence the small-blockers seem to have that bitcoin can maintain its utility as a store of value may be ill founded given chunks of use cases are being dismissed by insisting on keeping the transaction bottleneck .
@_date: 2016-12-08 16:49:29
What amazes me about this 'debate' (to ascribe to it a civility the exchanges rarely deserve) is the idea that taking one path is to risk everything and the other with the implication if not the claim that their own preferred solution is without risk. 
Bitcoin currently has the best chance of any digital currency to succeed. But reducing potential use cases (capping effective transaction rates and accepting the subsequent rise of fees) before there's a proven technology to replace it is in my opinion is to say to competitiors: 'hey folks, we have the network effect lead by a mile but it's up for grabs if you want to offer what many people really need before we can'.
@_date: 2016-12-04 11:51:29
Thanks. I hope you're right that these are just 'minutiae'. Maybe I've got too bogged down in the argument. I'm still not totally convinced either way but maybe I should take a leaf out of Andreas's book and step back from the block size debate in the same way he has from the news media. 
I'll make my best judgment from the understanding I have gleaned, set up a dedicated machine with a full Unlimited node so I've 'done my bit' and let it play out in whichever way it will.
@_date: 2016-12-08 17:09:57
I surprised myself here in my initial reaction to your question in that it is jealousy that you've been out of the loop!
The first thing I would suggest is not to listen only to one argument. For a proponent of Core's path I always respect Andreas Antonopolus and some of his recent talks have included Q &amp; E replies that make a strong case for that.
As for the other side of the argument, don't expect to see it here much (I'm particularly impressed with this thread so far but it is rare). These days, my shortcut is to and I look to r/Bitcoin OPs proposing larger blocks and to r/BTC for OPs proposing core's path.
As for my own opinion: I'm favouring a solution I'm prohibited from naming in this subreddit!
@_date: 2016-12-21 23:10:08
Yes, of course, when it's transferred from one person to another for  jewelry and electronics, they're 'spam' transactions and don't count and contribute nothing to gold's use as a store of value!!!!!!!!!!
I guess one consolation is in this at least you're consistent!


By that, I have to assume you include as a store of value. You already admitted you're not clueful about gold. Depending on history, geographic location and culture, to a greater or lesser extent, jewelry has always had an element of display of wealth and store of value. If lower value transactions were subject to massive delays and to being indefinitely being bumped back in the queue by those with larger value chunks to exchange, are you seriously confident gold would retain its utility as a store of value?
@_date: 2017-08-25 20:32:25
All users running full nodes (or who have a role in the decisions of their wallets / exchanges / services providers) make decisions on which blocks to accept as valid and to relay and /or build upon. However, for a block to be accepted or rejected *first* requires that that block to have been mined so in terms of sequence, yes miners make decisions on bitcoin.
One of the beautiful things about bitcoin is it is a tiny number (if anyone) who truly understands the technical, economic and social aspects of bitcoin so for the vast majority of us it's a matter of choosing a paradigm or a model to ourselves of how 'it works'. However, as we've found out, sometimes that can be problematic too when people are convinced their own paradigm is 'the truth' and subsequently make concrete statements convinced anyone who sees differently is in the wrong.
As it happens, my position on S2X, as I wrote in an open letter to them on r/btc in the days after the successful BCH split* is as follows: That if the signatories, on the eve of the potential fork are not absolutely convinced they have enough economic majority behind the fork to take almost everyone with them and that it will be a clear and decisive victory, that they abandon it and not risk the potential massive negative repercussions to users and to Bitcoin's reputation if a split happens that is not clean (especially given the lack of replay and wipeout protection). This is especially the case now that BCH is out because there is another easy option for those not convinced that the Core roadmap (at the pace it's going) is going to serve their needs.
*yes, I know, I'm hardly likely to have an iota of influence but at least I formed an opinion and shared it.
@_date: 2015-08-13 15:19:50
Using graphics to give a sense of scale of deaths through war over time, focusing on WW2, breaking down by country too is just awesome.  Was delighted to find they accept bitcoins so happily gave.
Warning:  This is a few months old so may well have been posted already; in which case apologies and please don't upvote :)
@_date: 2015-07-30 13:34:55
Thanks so much!  I was doing OK till I decided to pause and read the comments here.  Now I can only hear 'ehh' too!!
@_date: 2015-07-16 14:15:38
Krugman brings nothing of interest to the table. I would have been more interested to hear what Stiglitz and Piketty had to say about Bitcoin but they were not asked.
Stiglitz is recognising a potential role for Georgist ideas in getting out of today's pickle whilst Piketty has really brought what's going on with inequality to the public discourse.  I don't believe he is looking in a useful direction for answers but both others on the panel are creative thinkers.  Krugman is a 'celebrity' economist of no substance.
@_date: 2015-07-13 20:56:13
Thank you :)
@_date: 2015-07-13 18:51:20
Why is this on r/bitcoin?  I know a lot of you guys are ancappers but surely you know how to find another subreddit and don't need to inflict your graphically angry and bitter cult personalities on the rest of us?
@_date: 2016-02-03 13:53:38
from 2014!
I was prepared to listen for an hour to see how he's presenting these days.
@_date: 2015-07-06 09:06:56
Let me get this straight:  You're saying it would be BETTER if we used more of an irreplaceable commodity for our disposable electronics?  The old Nintendo cartridge example is perfect!  You'd rather see the 9x% of them that are in landfill sites (because of obsoletion) contain more gold just so the odd retro geek can still use his original cartridge?  Really?
@_date: 2016-10-25 12:22:44
My bad. I was going by a combination of what I saw in the first six minutes of this one and a vague recollection of whatever the last of his I saw - which if I remember correctly, was not that different. It is a bit silly of me to make a critical comment without actually watching the whole to be able to make a fair comment. Apologies for the extent to which I misrepresent him.
@_date: 2016-10-24 18:42:25
I watched one of these before because of the bitcoin representation (and out of interest as an ex-libertarian). I couldn't handle more than six minutes this time though! Same old libertarian arguments, same old libertarian flaws!
@_date: 2016-10-25 17:31:52
Thanks for engaging, Chris. I know you've got a lot on what with the Open Bazaar project and I applaud and am grateful to you for your contribution. I recognise your arguments and if we'd meet, I'd be happy to have a face-to-face over a few drinks and debate these points with you. My experience is that this kind of forum tends to entrench opinions so I won't try and persuade you out of your own, rather just add a few more points for you or anyone else who'd like to pick up on them.
Does 'find work and sustain themselves' for you include wading through toxic electronic waste to find recyclables to sell to get by?
I am very pleased and totally get that depravation and an inability to earn a living is not the 'typical human experience'. And I accept and never cease to wonder that the free market encouraging diversification, specialisation, automation etc. has a large, if not the biggest, part to play in that.
I think however, that to believe depravation is rare in Western countries is to ignore the increasing '1st world' need for food banks make-shift shelter etc. I'm no expert on the US but here in the UK there are ex-industrial regions where there's been very little employment opportunity for a long time. Economic boom after economic boom has had very little impact and in the meantime the pressure from anti-welfare government continues to put pressure on those least able to bare them. I accept, and again am delighted, that a combination of the market and technology is raising the standard of living in many parts of the world previously not able to access current prices and to be connected into the global market - and here I have hope that Bitcoin / Open Bazaar has the potential to improve this even further. But increasing numbers of people - not the very lowest, but those with low-paid work in marginal regions - are finding their income simply isn't keeping up with the cost of living. And the biggest single factor making that so is increasing rent.
Your '100% false empirically' claim says more about your belief system than it does about historic fact nor even of what is going on today.
'People like to point'... Straw man! I made no such claim.
The land situation in the US is great for libertarians because you can justifiably do your favourite thing: blame government! 
But why did so many Europeans feel the need to risk crossing the Atlantic (and later, the continent) for the opportunity for land? Most of the land in the UK is held out of use by private families, many of whom have inherited or married into land taken by the Normans who first introduced the idea of having people have absolute ownership of something that none of us created - land.
It doesn't matter if it's gov't or large landowners that hold land out of use. If the result is unavailability of the means for people to apply their own labour to it to sustain themselves, then the real fear of unemployment and the inability to survive will drive wages down toward subsistence and working conditions toward - and terms of employment (which is what we were talking about re. arbitration) the least people will accept.
If you're not familiar with Henry George, the 19th century American political economist, you may not know what drove his quest in the first place was noticing how in the West where land was available, wages were high whereas though the East much more industrialised and developed, poverty was more extreme than in his youth when he grew up in Philadelphia.
I'm not expecting you to agree but happy to have had the opportunity to at least sow some seeds of the possibility of the usual libertarian paradigm having some flaws in it.
Go well :)
@_date: 2016-10-25 12:39:15
Re. Libartarian, that's fair - as I acknowledged above.
I'll give an example of where he may be oversimplifying in his analysis: This is the division of the population into keyholders and the general population and the idea that public services benefit the the public at the expense of keyholders and vice versa. It totally ignores the importance of landowners as the main long-term beneficiaries of public services. In the UK for instance, it's the key behind Thatcher's big drive to increase the proportion of home owners because all new infrastructure or improvement in the economy causes an increase in rent (and subesequently land-as-asset values) which benefit all land owners who are much more likely to vote Conservative.
I'm not expecting to convert anyone here to Georgism by this simple criticism, just to state that very quickly I noted the absence of what I consider as an essential element of any political / economic analysis and to conclude it can not in my eyes come to any but nought.
@_date: 2016-10-25 15:42:57


What you're talking about here are circumstances where people are buying things they could easily get elsewhere or could happily do without. There are many for whom that is not the case when it comes to jobs. 
For whatever reason (and I have my understanding as to the whys, as I suspect you do) in many regions there are so few employment opportunities - and an absence of the availability of land for people to sustain themselves by applying their labour to land - that employers can more-or-less impose working conditions, contract conditions and wage levels. In those circumstances, there isn't the same mutual motivation to employ a neutral arbitrator.
@_date: 2017-05-15 13:48:26
Just swap Ver and Maxwell images in the video and it works perfectly :D
@_date: 2017-05-24 16:56:57
good luck with that attitude - not just in this instance but in life generally!
@_date: 2015-02-02 08:30:20
Two big difference in my eyes: In terms of hoarding, no matter how many bitcoins are hoarded, what's left will serve those who want it for their own use.  Not so for land!
Also nobody is forced to play the bitcoin game so it doesn't hurt those who choose not to play.  If most land were hoarded the rest of us would have to squeeze into what's left and pay whatever the hoarders want for our food.
@_date: 2017-05-23 13:48:53
It's just dawned on me that there are three things most common in BIP148 advocates:
i) An absolute certainty that they are right and that it will work;
ii) Repeating Luke's ludicrous statements ad nauseum on faith;
iii) The belief that anything that goes wrong will be the fault of the evil unbelievers.
Ring any bells anyone? Just as an aside, do we know whether the highest proportion of BIP148 faithful are from the country where 54-62% of the population are not convinced that humans developed from early species?
@_date: 2017-05-23 23:35:10
Thank you for proving my point by illustrating that your have faith, absolute certainty that you're right and I'm wrong - and even an absolute judgement that my 'irrational moderation' (whatever the fuck that means) is inferior to your superior whatever.
Did you just make that up by the way or is it an Ayn Rand quote or something? Sounds like one - and even more likely to be one given Rand fans' tendency to make majestic-sounding comments that bear no relation to the actual conversation!
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:25:03
Would you explain how Segwit helps with any of those backlogged transactions?
@_date: 2017-05-22 20:22:16
Of course it is HERE. That's precisely what this sub has been intending for a long time - to give you the impression there is no debate :) I guess you haven't seen what Stephen Pair is saying today either?!
@_date: 2017-06-17 17:47:19
As I understand it, the miners will need to be running the software with the built-in HF trigger to trigger (as Segwitx2) BIP9 and deliver segwit.
In principle, after that, there'll be no difference to now except that in that scenario, post segwit going live, the users (and those running significant nodes) who anti HF will have to threaten the miners into change their software prior to the HF trigger. In other words, inaction by the miners means HF will happen so those against have their work cut out to persuade miners that they will lose out post-fork (by having useless coins). It looks to me like the NYA folks believe most of those who at present are threatening to reject HF coins, by then, won't have the stomach for the fight and the risk of being on the losing fork.
Time alone will tell :)
@_date: 2017-06-21 01:10:17
Just checking whether you two forgot the /s or whether you're in a position to get to the bottom of what was meant by this statement?
@_date: 2017-06-17 17:09:50
Sure, but that's because there wasn't the kit and data available that we have today by which to make a judgement. They weren't blinded to fact by faith!
@_date: 2017-06-10 08:45:54
Thank you for this. I appreciate thought from an expert who explains something that might not be immediately apparent from one (such as I) who is not an expert in that field.
A coder will always be frustrated if adoption of upgrades is too low to be able to move things forward. However, is it not the case in the project management of commercially developed products (I am au fait with project management principles from my work in the construction industry), that somebody has the role from the beginning of looking at ALL stakeholder categories, of working towards a product that works for all, and if there is clear evidence some iteration is being rejected by a particular stakeholder class, to question whether the project is going in the right direction?
I guess, coders - like the builders on the ground - always believe they know what's best and wish everybody would just let them get on with it trusting them the product is going to be what everybody wants and needs. I take it I don't need to take this analogy further?!
@_date: 2017-06-19 20:46:59


blah blah blah. Keep repeating it often enough and loud enough and you'll at least keep managing to maintain the belief yourself, and maybe some others with you. Time alone will tell :)
@_date: 2017-06-07 12:37:31
...and there, in a nutshell is why the Core developers wedded to Segwit (whether for financial or ideological reasons) have twisted their paradigm to believe that full blocks and this debacle of a fee market is actually a positive thing. Astounding example of what the human mind - even technically competent ones - is capable of!
@_date: 2017-06-17 17:25:39
This is the most hilarious aspect of the entrenched camp bitcoin factions that makes up the space these days - the assumption that everybody who has come to a different conclusion is an 'enemy of Bitcoin'!
Thankfully, it's looking like we're finally getting closer to the end of the era when the dominant and approved views expressed in this sub dominated and suppressed the development and future of Bitcoin:)
@_date: 2013-09-17 09:47:48
Just that it isn't when you pay cash directly.  One should be as careful paying with bitcoins as with cash.  The difference is with fiat we need to use a third party to make a remote payment and by default they provide some level of protection.  With bitcoin if we want that level of protection we just need to get used to having to chose escrow and to chose who to use for escrow.
The idea of a supplier receiving money with a 6 month (or more) risk of having it taken back off them without there being a case for fraud is I think ridiculous anyway.  If there is fraud then as you say it is a matter for the law.  In normal event I believe escrow to be a much better system.
Some 'escrow' services could even offer to pay themselves up front for suppliers who need money prior to delivery at their own risk for a charge if consumers want the same kind of protection as their credit card currently provides.
There are all kinds of possibilities opened up by bitcoin.  It is not the case that bitcoins are 'not as good as fiat' for such issues.  We've just got to learn to use them in the way that suits our needs and/or wait for intermediaries to offer the services that best suit us.
@_date: 2017-06-03 20:41:10


Yup, keep on denying that loss of funds by those on the legacy chain would be the fault of miners, big blockers, and anyone other than the reckless, irresponsible proponents of 148.
Of this I am certain, should it all fall apart as a consequence of 148 on Aug 1st, the 148 proponents will blame anyone and everyone other than themselves till the day they die. That's the mark of a faith-based cult.
@_date: 2017-06-17 17:34:43
If by 'should' you mean to prevent any loss of bitcoins then you needn't take any action. As long as you're good with the possibility they (or the combination of the value of any combination of surviving chains afterwards) could be significantly lower than your holding value in dollars today, if you're not planning to try play the market, between btc and fiat, between btc and alts or between various btc chain coins in the event of a temporary or permanent split, then I'd just hodl and get some popcorn :)
@_date: 2017-06-20 23:38:08
Thank you for that explanation. It makes a little more sense in that context but surely it's still not a bug? If anything it's an essential regulating mechanism to ensure that higher prices (by making existing mining more profitable, drawing in new hashpower) increasingly secure the network.
I admit, given my world-view, to having the tending to suspect lunacy in whatever luke-jr says but I also know he's technically intelligent so I'm struggling with this one.
P.S. Quoting him and asking the same question over on r/btc hasn't really brought me any closer to an answer either!
@_date: 2017-06-20 12:53:55
Never heard the 'deactivate segwit' proposal. My impression was that it's a one-way process. Once commenced, there's no return. It's one reason some are still not keen on it - despite swx2. Please correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2017-06-19 21:01:49
You crack me up T-P. I sometimes fast-read down a thread w/o reading who wrote the posts and only go and read it if it's interesting enough. I don't need to do that for yours because I always recognise them from your melodrama :D 'Giving them even MORE power would be the death of bitcoin' ROFL
@_date: 2017-06-08 20:43:13
What a short memory Lombrozo has!
Potted history:
Some users and miners: 'Seeing the growth of usage, it's likely this temporary block limit may need to be raised soon'.
Core: 'Nah, we've got plenty of time. The majority of transactions are spam anyway. We'll work on other things.'
Users and miners: 'Blocks are getting fuller, I think we need a scaling solution pretty soon.'
Core:'We need 2nd layer for scaling. We'll work on that. Anyways, a fee market would be great for incentivising 2nd layer solutions'.
Core fans &amp; minority miners: 'Yay to Core, down with miners and big blockers who want to use our magnificent technology buy their coffees haha'
Some users and majority miners: 'The situation is getting bad. The bottleneck is damaging adoption. We need a solution now - and Segwit doesn't solve the problem'.
Core: 'Fee market is working great. Fuck those who want to use Bitcoin for anything other than our three approved use cases : uncensored transactions, settlement layer, store of value'
Core fanbois: 'Fuck the greedy miners. UASF UASF UASF UASF UASF UASF UASF UASF'
goldfish-memory-boy-Lombrozo: 'The nasty miners are not your friends and are greedy bastards squeezing poor users out with extortionate transaction fees'
Wow, just wow!
@_date: 2013-04-01 08:29:44
"What inflation has done before it will do again."
No truer words...
@_date: 2017-06-16 19:29:00
If you'd got a deep voiced actor to recite this to the backdrop of a majestic orchestral score, I might have bought it but just in letters on a screen, the attempt to paint the battle as the noble versus the greedy and to try and imply Satoshi would be on the side of those happy with a coin that cuts out the vast majority of use cases and the vast majority of users because of fees simply amuses me!
And then to brand any developers or any movement who, in the face of the '148 or sink with the ship' posse, trying to find ways forward, trying to find solutions that accommodate for the needs of a large number of people as 'greedy' is sad. Fortunately, this little circlejerk is becoming one of the few places where people will actually swallow this bs anymore. 
@_date: 2017-06-10 08:55:18
Please pretend I responded with an appropriately sarcastic comeback then changed my mind and deleted it!
I left it out because this wasn't an attempt to give a complete and unbiased history. I was merely pointing out the parts that make the irony of the tweet obvious to all who are ready to see it (as I see did many others in the same thread in different ways). I did not for a moment kid myself what I wrote had any chance of converting a Luke-faithful UASF fanboi!
@_date: 2013-09-13 04:29:39
@_date: 2017-06-02 21:55:38
Yes, but it's the reverse logic of you folks that continues to baffle me! For as long as those wanting to see Bitcoin remain usable for the multiple-use-cases of yore were seeing that being blocked by the failure to raise the block-size-limit, they'd have to be stupid not to diversify into something else (as it happens, I am such a 'stupid person' other than a tiny bit of pre-launch ETH I bought). But the assumption largely made here (if frequency of claims and their upvoting are anything to go by) is that this diversification is an indication that the big blockers want to destroy bitcoin. And for pro-BIP148ers who are forcing us into this game of chicken to be making accusations of others wanting to destroy Bitcoin is ridiculous.
@_date: 2017-06-19 21:10:04
It's because the vocal majority here appear to believe they represent the actual majority and assume if *they* would NEVER use a node that supports HF blocks, then only 'the others' (stupid, shill, sock-puppet, whatever-they-like-to-call-us) who are of course in a tiny minority in their eyes will not dare to confront them by going ahead with the HF. Only time will tell :)
@_date: 2017-06-07 12:44:34
Can you even hear yourself?! Don't know how long you've been around but this arrogant snobbery, this assumption that Bitcoin is for the privileged few is a relatively new thing. The way the group-think on this sub went from Satoshi's idea of Bitcoin to dismissing micropayments as spam to now, dismissing not just low value payments but poor people in general in just a few years is really saddening.
@_date: 2017-06-18 07:51:17
Re. split, there's no way of knowing. There are people proclaiming absolute certainty on both sides. Im tending toward thinking only one will survive. On parties supporting Segwit or not I'll pass! The simple way of 'staying on both chains' is to have control of your private keys and to do nothing till the dust settles. From what you're saying, you're already doing that :) Enjoy the ride :)
@_date: 2013-11-11 21:21:40
I wrote to just-eat about this in April pointing out Foodler in the US was doing it and that they could be ahead of the curve.  They didn't even bother replying.  Maybe a competitor taking Bitcoin on board will be just the kick in the ass they need!
@_date: 2017-06-17 17:20:04
Maybe if these bitcoin-based and bitcoin-dependent companies had reason to believe that the changes are as risky to the future of bitcoin as you appear to, they'd be less prepared to go with the changes?
Does bitcoin being usable not figure in your considerations? Bitcoin atm, by failing to scale resulting in ludicrous fees has cut off most use cases that brought us here in the first place and has cut off most of the world population from having access to it.
If listening and regurgitating the views of Core is your intention, you're doing pretty well. Come back and let us know if ever you choose to form your own opinion! /s 
@_date: 2017-06-05 15:19:30


Great word: perfect - for those who understand it (I'll admit to having needed to look it up to be sure) - for maintaining this laughable narrative that pro 148ers are the brave and righteous whereas all who are not are weak and without courage. Keep up the 'good' work. 
The perfect result for me would be that Luke and his faithful 148 apostles split off to their own miniscule chain and leave the rest to try figure things out between us. Unfortunately that would still leave us lumped with Greg but one of the poisonous pair out of the way is half way there!
@_date: 2013-04-01 09:07:08
My first impression is I like it.  Thanks for making it available :)
As for suggestions:
User defined options such as:
Select which sources to include (which exchanges, which currencies);
Allow user to select minimum for shown transactions.
@_date: 2013-04-21 14:28:14
You're also assuming they're using their machines to mine prior to shipping.  As far as I have seen there is no evidence that this is the case.  Do you have any?
@_date: 2013-09-12 07:08:13
poorly researched, poorly written excuse to include a hip concept in their publication then topping it off with a ridiculous attention-grabbing headline.  Nothing to see, nothing to see...
@_date: 2013-02-26 20:10:06
I have heard much about Coinbase but I understand they are pretty US-centric and I have seen little reason to deal with them to date.  However, I am very impressed by the way Brian Armstrong handled this complaint.  It is a breath of fresh air in a world where more than a few Bitcoin service providers, some of good repute, don't bat an eyelid at insults and profanity at customers, potential customers and critics.
Today with so little choice on some services, choosing not to deal with someone on principle due to their attitude can to a certain extent be shooting oneself in the foot.  However I'm looking forward to the day when more Bitcoin-related businesses have a good attitude to customers, a day when we will be able to afford be more picky about who we deal with.
In the meantime, more power to your elbow Coinbase :)
@_date: 2013-04-15 19:17:16
Funny this is exactly for me the second reason I'd like to see Bitcoin take off in developing countries.  The first is that it's cheaper and less dependent on banks than m-pesa whilst taking away the vulnerability of despotic currency manipulation; second is the fact that big western money is nowhere near Bitcoin yet so if it does take off sooner in these regions rather than later we should see those users benefiting from the mainstream in the West jumping on board after them :)  A kind of poetic justice considering the decades of devastation caused by the banksters getting them hooked on unaffordable debt dependency.
@_date: 2013-08-26 13:40:04
Neither is the Bank of Thailand 'outlawing Bitcoins' true, which is hilarious considering the bank is not a legislative body!  But the one that cracked me up most was 'and apparently money launderers, too.'  The Jeff Green article referred to though heavily implying laundering is a problem for Bitcoin could only point to the Liberty Reserve episode - and even then omitted the word 'allegedly' to his claim.  Patti Murphy in this article, either deliberately or in an elegant example of failing to understand Green's article quaintly thinks it's OK in the absence of any evidence just to use the word 'apparently'.  Bless!
Please continue to entertain me thus... :)
P.S. Is The Green Sheet supposed to be a respectable industry magazine?  If so they should vet their contributors better!  Edit:  Oops!  I just looked and found Patti Murphy to actually be the Senior Editor!!  Say no more!
@_date: 2013-04-20 16:36:03
Online wallets along the model of blockchain.info wallets do not even know how much bitcoin is stored in their service let alone have the ability to help themselves to it to loan it out.  I would not use it otherwise.  From what I understand this potential 'biggest risk to bitcoin' is based on a false premise.
@_date: 2013-09-17 06:30:12
Surely not guaranteed?!  Is it not the case that Paypal will only refund what they themselves can recoup from bfl?  For the moment this is fine whilst bfl have funds Paypal can charge back from them but this can only last for as long as bfl have cash to pay the chargebacks? According to an email I received from bfl yesterday my mini single has shipped but according to my bfl dashboard the single order (which was further up the queue) is still 'Processing'.
I have since a long time given up on the odds of recouping purchase costs through mining but still fancy the idea of running a couple of miners and being part of supporting the network.  However if this chargeback trend becomes a stampede there's a good chance the single will never come due to bfl running out of money.  So the question is do I risk holding on in for my single or join the rush for the exit and hope my chargeback request hits before there is nothing left to charge back?
@_date: 2013-04-18 17:55:22
Interestingly the on-line version linked to below missed that bit off!  It wasn't that radical though.  From recollection (I just read it in a caff earlier) they were just saying hackers were attacking the exchanges to manipulate the price and that people were using it to buy illegal goods.
@_date: 2013-12-14 15:44:44
Wow, talk of lack of substance!  'Becoming increasingly popular' even with no evidence whatsoever is not difficult to imagine is correct.  But from where to where?  And at which point does it become valid to call it 'Bitcon Fever' and to deduce that this will 'most likely see Bitcoin prices rise' and that 'Bitcoin has a very real chance of becoming the currency of choice soon'?  I venture when there is an indication that can be pointed to that it is the case.
So someone makes some shit up and puts it on a website then someone else makes a headline grabber it gets upvoted.  Great!
@_date: 2013-03-15 07:19:51
That's one of the reasons I like to see it do the sideways thing for a while. If all it takes is no profit for a few days for them to lose patience and sell then it's better for Bitcoin's long-term health for them to sell to those who take it a little more seriously.
@_date: 2013-04-01 22:06:45
They're not even using it themselves from what I understand.  What they've done is incorporate it into the software product they offer so that their clients may use it.  They don't need to be experts.  To be fair to the fellow I think he understood enough for himself but was totally unprepared for having to deal with such ridiculous claims against it.  Also they didn't give him a chance because those who didn't understand it at all were  so keen to share their uninformedness with us all!
@_date: 2013-07-01 21:24:54
Gets me every time.  LOL :D  Thanks for that :)
@_date: 2013-10-21 10:30:46
Nothing insane about it!
@_date: 2013-02-27 16:24:05
If anything I find this reassuring in terms of the risk of a major clampdown from the US authorities.  Coinbase has a VC on board so surely someone will have ensured due diligence has been done and that the risk of disruptive lawmaking has been deemed to be acceptably low?
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:21:17
Would you link the original of which you speak please?
@_date: 2013-08-26 13:24:20
Thanks for calling by :)




I'm was wondering given the inaccuracies in the rest of the article whether this was an actual quote.  If it is, I'd be interested to hear where you'd got this impression of merchants turning to bitcoin payments because of credit issues making becoming a cc merchant less viable.  I can see it would make sense but I hadn't come across this before now.  Would you mind elaborating?
@_date: 2013-03-28 16:21:04
They Severn Bridge folks even resisted credit cards for years until the expectation of the international crowds for the Open at Celtic Manor, Newport a few years back more-or-less forced them to.  Now I wish they hadn't because they take so much longer to pay which is a pain if you happen to be queuing behind them!
Just imagine though a massive QR code above the road way before you get to the tolls that would enable you to scan the recipient address and send payment along with your VIN so the barrier will simply lift as you get to it :)
PS I did the walk over the old bridge and back a few months back too whilst staying at the Sever View Travelodge.  I expect I'll do it again when it warms up somewhat!
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:54:02
The frequency of Bitcoin pieces on the BBC appears to have gone from what I thought was a healthy twice a month to twice a week!  Nice :)
@_date: 2013-03-28 09:48:10
If as much of Russia's commerce is still done with Rouble notes I guess they've missed the boat if they're going to start forcing people to go electronic because now there's choice and if trusting the banks/gov't was a primary reason to keep with cash, forcing people not to use cash is hardly going to increase that confidence.
They, as all governments at the moment, are missing the answer that is staring them in the face... If you tax land and nothing else then you can leave the people free to do commerce in whatever form or denomination they want unmonitored.
@_date: 2017-06-18 22:28:05
Given your wealth is at stake, for your own sake, you may wish to reconsider your presumption that the extreme majority of hodlers want segwit. It's one of the dangers of spending too much in this microcosm of the larger space and assuming its views reflects the larger space.
@_date: 2013-10-16 10:28:05
I agree.  This kind of thing helps in the long run by keeping who don't understand such reports as hogwash (help, I'm turning into an American!) out of the market, hence helping not boost the price too quickly with dumb money - which would otherwise most likely result in another panic-driven sharp correction.  If somebody is seriously thinking about getting involved with bitcoin they should also know enough to be able to dismiss such reports out of hand with no impact on their decision.
@_date: 2013-03-08 14:53:48
If the video itself (and a number of others along the same lines) weren't funny enough this joker blocked me from commenting.  I had previously made two comment responses which I considered to be informative and explanatory to those who seemed to misunderstand some aspects of Bitcoin.
And when I went to respond to the 'greater fool' accusation this is what I got!
This is a man who claims to be an advocate for 'truth' yet when he gets a little criticism uses his moderating power to cut it out! LOL
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:33:14
It does look more like a speculative bubble every day.  If it is not already we can be confident if it keeps going like this it will become one which at some point will require a massive (over?) correction.  However, I believe a quest for a 'fair value for BTC' is a futile one.  A holy grail we may as well forget about.  Its price is the aggregate of what people will pay for it (as is everything else) but with no quantifiable fundamentals (guestimations comparing to gold etc. could be wildly out either way) your guess is as good as mine :)
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:30:45
Cash out?  What does that mean please?!!  Seriously?  Yes you do have a point though for those who are thinking of their wealth in fiat terms until their 'position is closed' i.e. the investment is sold it technically is not theirs.
However, for those like me thinking from the Bitcoin perspective wondering whether or how much of my BTC to risk by having in fiat even though the number of Bitcoin I'm holding isn't increasing by much Bitcoin's price deflation (determined by what I can buy with it) indicates I am very lucky indeed :)
@_date: 2013-10-27 17:02:58
Surely one has to disengage reasoning faculty to buy this argument!
Higher prices lead to higher wages which lead to more buying power for the employees!?  Only if what they're buying has not also gone up in price by the same amount!  The corporations want it because they say it leads to more profit.  Fantastic - but where if everybody is benefiting did the additional profit come from?!
They mentioned the employees being better off as mortgage-paying folk - and that's the key.  What about the renters? Everybody knows (and as is beautifully illustrated with the 'kilo of tomatos' anecdote) borrowers benefit in inflation to the same degree savers lose out.
I kinda get why psychologically it is easier to reduce the value of the paycheck by having its buying power reduced than to have to negotiate a pay cut but that's not valid enough a reason to me to inflate your way out of problems.
One of the beauties of the bitcoin experiment is if it grows to any significant degree we shall see how these theories of the benfits/disadvantages of a deflationary currency pan out for real :)
@_date: 2013-03-27 14:26:54
What you're missing here is you need a TV 'license' to watch **any** TV, regardless of the source.  It's ridiculous.  It is a tax, and whether or not you watch TV all addresses registered with the Post Office who don't hold a license get threatening letters on the assumption that you do.  Hardly libertarian!
@_date: 2013-12-12 09:17:10
Even if cryptos with other new technology made it possible to hide most sales transactions there is still land to tax.  Geo-libertarians have been arguing for land tax for generations.  Maybe we'll get to it in the end, not by winning the argument but because it will increasingly become one of the only options left for governments.
I guess then as its benefits become obvious and economies are rejuvenated people will scratch their heads and ask why on earth we didn't do this centuries ago?! 
@_date: 2013-11-04 23:48:25
...techies with a need can learn enough quickly enough to see how they can benefit...   ... and are likely also, seeing its possibility, to hold some savings in bitcoins... ... and then we have the situation where those with the capabilities of contributing to the project have a financial incentive to get involved one way or another.
The more I think about this, the more I see it as such a recipe for success that it would take something pretty immense and powerful to stop this now :)
@_date: 2013-02-24 17:34:48
I'm guessing that's said in irony?  If your original comment was with reference to the possible need for Bitcoin to spend in a bar or whatever that (also) takes fiat then I take your point.  A stall at a libertarian event will find an immediate and obvious market for the machine where there's a fair likelihood that many other traders there would prefer Bitcoin.  This, as I now think you were pointing out, would not be the case in the corner of a random bar.
The reason I'm keen on it and would love to see them distributed around, for instance in ethnic community shops, is it makes it much easier for people who just want to send some money home.  Also, the more widely distributed and the more they are used to benefit 'politically correct' causes, the more potential backlash there would be to Governments considering prohibiting Bitcoin.
@_date: 2013-03-28 10:23:42
For there to be a critical mass of users to enable normal trading there has to be a large number of people with bitcoin.  The publicity and attraction of rising value especially in the context of QE and Cyprus massively increases the odds of this happening.
Businesses offering goods &amp; services for bitcoin do need patience though because there are likely to be many like me who are only saving as much as they are because it is Bitcoin therefore have less 'disposable income' to buy stuff.  The problem is not with people saving/hoarding because hoarders can in addition convert their spending money to Bitcoin to pay for stuff.  For me though, now that I got to my target number of Bitcion to hold onto I have very little spending money left and will not for some time till I recover my fiat position! Let's hope those experimenting with offering payment by bitcoin can hold out till I and those like me are in a better position to spend :)
@_date: 2013-03-17 09:32:12
Correction:  Mining IS NOT a 'specialist activity'.  Not that it is likely to be profitable for those ordering ASICs now but that's not the same.  If you fancy buying one it will soon be easier than ever to just plug, play &amp; leave.  Plus you will have virtually the same ROI as any 'big boys' who start mining the same time as you.  As a primary means of getting into Bitcoin you're way too late for that but if you fancy buying one as well as buying Bitcoin (to save or invest or spend) just in order to be part of the mining network with a (slight) chance of making something then don't let the 'specialist' thing that keeps being banded about put you off :)
@_date: 2013-03-20 22:54:08
This is one of the reasons I'm *really* enjoying the ride this time.  Because in 1996 when I built my first website I was convinced by its potential but stayed on the fringes throughout making very little money out of it whilst advising those that made millions.
This time I'm in since last fall and somehow seems just that I'm watching it happening and gaining handsomely too :)
@_date: 2013-03-12 12:37:11
There are two main perspectives from which to look at trading/speculating between Bitcoin and USD (or whatever your native currency).  It seems to me most people haven't really decided which camp they're in.
If you want to look at it from a USD perspective and see Bitcoin as one of your investments then it is generally a rising market from which it is not difficult to buy some Bitcoin then close your trade at a profit.  The trade is closed when you have made sufficient profit or when you've accepted your loss.   Either way you don't count your profit or loss until it has been 'locked in' by converting it back into USD. Note all the charts showing the price of Bitcoin rising encourage one to look at it this way.
However, if you're looking at buying and holding v. trading we can assume your long-term plan is to hold as many BTC for your USD as you can.  In this scenario the sensible way to look at your trading is from the Bitcoin perspective.  You decide what proportion of your BTC is to trade with then when you think USD relative to BTC is going to go up (i.e. if you think the price of Bitcoin in USD is about to go down) you buy some USD.  In contrast to but following the same principle as when trading from a USD perspective you should count your profit or loss in Bitcoin only when you have closed your trade and locked in the BTC profit/loss for that trade. 
The quick among you may have noticed that from this perspective ideally the charts should show the price of BTC in USD, not the way we're used seeing it and that if it was shown that way it would be a largely downward trend as the USD loses value against BTC.  What this means is if you decide to trade from this vantage point you're essentially trading into a falling market which means you've got to be very smart, very lucky or both to close enough trades at enough BTC profit to make up for the trades where you lose and the price goes against you.
So my recommendation is decide what your vantage point is and decide on your strategy accordingly.  It is all too easy if you're not clear with yourself on this to see all the successful trades you've made with your Bitcoin from a USD perspective and thereby not really seeing clearly whether you would have been better just holding.
@_date: 2013-03-28 19:59:34
My suspicion is they attracted too much attention by adding a bank transfer facility lately.  With Pingit alone I reckon they could have got away with it much longer but considering Itersango and MtGox's history as soon as I saw a sort code and account number there I saw a big red flag saying 'hey come and look what we're doing over here'!  Lo and behold a week or so later it has gone - and unfortunately took the Pingit option with it.  However you never know this may all be in my imagination and it is just a technical glitch which will be rectified tomorrow :)
@_date: 2013-02-26 17:30:52
The longer-term volume trend is even more obvious looking at the chart for a period of 3 months or over when you have 'volume in currency' checked.  
I suspect the vast majority are looking at the level of risk in their trading in terms of USD,EUR etc. *not* in terms of BTC therefore I believe this gives a more useful picture of volume.  Thinking about it, were BTC to go through a sustained period of exponential growth I would have thought it ridiculous to expect the level of trading on the exchanges to increase accordingly.  If anything, as it becomes easier to do more of one's daily transactions in Bitcoin the need to exchange for everyday Bitcoin users will decrease leaving trading volume largely to traders.
Another reason I'm really failing to see a need for a 'correction' is that an exponential growth pattern is typical for a useful technology over part of its adoption curve.  Looking at the 'All Data' graph on a logarithmic  scale shows this last period to be nothing to be concerned about. 
Of course it is easy with the options available to make these charts look like they are supporting virtually any point of view but I'm tending more and more to think those screaming for a correction are more than anything influenced by thoughts along the lines of 'If it seems to good to be true it probably is'.  Some part of me too is telling me I should not be able to make so much money so quickly and easily yet as much as I trawl the forums and articles trying to find good reasons to believe there is substantial risk here I am not persuaded by any of them.
For now I am glad that some aren't as confident as I am in a future with no imminent major crashes because those people selling help prevent it becoming a bubble whilst giving an opportunity to people who have newly discovered Bitcoin to jump on board at a reasonable price :)  Thank you :D
@_date: 2013-06-18 18:02:23
This is a repost of the text of my blog linked above (which also contains pics and links to references), also cross posted on the bitcoin forums and facebooked.
Does anybody know a journalist who might be interested in looking into this? If you do or know someone you think might know someone please forward this or share accordingly. I’ve just been doing some preliminary searching into ICSPA – the International Cyber Security Protection Alliance and am frankly taken aback by what I’ve found. I think it needs someone with investigative resources/criteria who will have their questions taken seriously and someone who also has the means of selling the story – if there is indeed a story – to ensure word gets out on this.
I know ex-forces guys sometimes struggle with what to do with their lives once they leave but this is a cracker! An ex-RAFfie with a lot of connections and too much time on his hands appears to have woken up one morning in 2011 and thought “I know what, I’ll set up an organisation to internationally co-ordinate policy-making and policing of anything internet-related worldwide. We’ll get a load of corporate money together and use our contacts to get some political credibility then become the go-to people for more powerful governments and police authorities to get them to implement what we want whilst using the same political clout to bully governments in developing nations to comply, thus bringing the whole of the internet under our control. In the meantime by portraying the internet as a scary place full of nasty people and organisations we’ll easily push ourselves as being the saviour of the innocent internet user, and by giving ourselves an authoritative sounding title governments, businesses and the people will just believe we are actually a legitimate organisation accountable to… well, actually it doesn’t matter who people think we’re accountable to as long as they don’t realise it is in fact nobody! Excellent, now where did I put David Blunkett’s number?!”
I kid you not! Two years later ICSPA runs out of this office in Chesham, Bucks; they have a video from David Cameron saying why he supports the organisation, they appear to have both Europol and City of London Police in their pockets, they’re establishing a foot-hold in Latin America and they’re given two pages of the official G8 magazine to lobby participating delegates as to why Bitcoin and all new money-transmitting technologies should be banned (using the usual 3-excuse-rhetoric of child porn, terrorism and money laundering), with the exception of the ‘trustworthy’ existing credit card and banking names and technologies thus keeping all internet-related financial transactions in the hands of the existing oligopolies.
What I want to know is who do they think they are that they can become judge and jury of the pros and cons of innovative technologies and also enforcement co-ordinator of its own verdict? How did such a policy come about? In their big Glen Eagles conference last year? Where is the agenda? Who is driving it? How much influence do they actually have? How on earth does somebody get to wield such power without ever having to supply a service to a customer or canvas for a vote?!
I’m struggling to figure out if this is a couple of people, mainly the ex-RAFfie nobody blokie (whose name is John Lyons) and Blunkett, just having a go and seeing how far they can push this thing or if it really is a scary beast that’s like a cross between the sinister organisations of Ayn Rand and George Orwell’s dystopias. Either way I think people ought to know. I think it’s time to put ICSPA under the spotlight and see what there is to be seen.
@_date: 2013-03-26 12:13:16
I am given to understand Paymium's bitcoin-central service has the fiat side in separate bank accounts but they've not yet made those accounts functional in enabling services such as 3rd party deposits and card payments/ATM withdrawals.
@_date: 2013-03-20 17:45:37
You can always create a scenario to make a system seem unjust.  You're dealing with two separate issues here.  Looking at the second first of the rich person in a modest combo paying little the land tax paradigm requires acceptance that those who are rich shouldn't pay high taxes **just for being rich** .  With LVT there is no penalty for success.  Your money is yours whatever you do with it *other than* if you buy property with it - in which case you pay 'rent' on the proportion of the total value that exists because of others' efforts.
As for the former scenario a family farm would only go broke if they were doing nothing with highly productive land (if it wasn't productive the tax would be low).  One of the consequences (or purposes, depending on who you talk to) of LVT is that it encourages optimal use of land - to everyone's benefit.  The principle is if you yourself don't want to use it productively, sell it to someone who will.  That may seem unjust to you but with land being finite the question arises have you got the right to do nothing with yours without compensating those who are suffering from your neglecting of its potential?
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:20:34
Right now I would recommend waiting till we know where the difficulty ends up when the first main wave of ASICs have hit.  Even with the USD/BTC rate as high as it is, depending on how many people turn them on within a short period there's a chance there'll be very little profit in them.  If that happens, if ASICs are ever overbought odds are there'll be a load of tantrum-throwing kids who thought they would make a fortune who will be selling their brand new ASICs for a fraction of what they paid.  If you can hold off till then, that's what I would recommend.  And if your ASIC fund is disposable anyway then why not chuck it into Bitcoin whilst your thinking about it? ;)
@_date: 2013-02-24 12:36:42
Technically Bitcoin won't deflate until the rate of loss is higher than the rate of new coins introduced through mining - and that is some time away I would guess.  Whilst it is valued as a currency partially because it is potentially deflationary it is far from it yet with 'money supply inflation' currently even higher than the FRB!  Of course as anyone with Bitcoin can not fail to notice we are for now virtually always getting things for cheaper than we could have last week so Bitcoin has been living with 'price deflation' overall since over a year now.  (see  for the differentiation between 'price' and 'money supply' inflation/deflation).
@_date: 2013-02-24 11:26:52
Anyone noticed the predominance of SR and anonymity related comments with that piece?  I find that quite surprising on a tech and gadget site.  I would have thought those that like the latest gizmos would appreciate the awesomeness of the technology that underlies Bitcoin and its other amazing features (rapid international transfer, divisibility, decentrality etc.).  I gather it's the same on some of the big coder boards.  If these guys don't get Bitcoin either it's just not ever going to happen outside of the niches of current users or distribution and corresponding price relative to fiat have a mighty long way to go!
@_date: 2013-03-20 18:39:00
But you can't blame people for asking is my money safer in the bank or out of the government's reach?  Safety is relative.  Mr. Anderson may not be ready to put his name on the line to say 'yes, Bitcoin is safe' but neither I nor the market have many doubts after the rapid recovery from the glitch the other day.
And if it's 'life savings' we're talking about people don't tend to move that quickly or without consideration.  If they've researched it and thought it through first I don't see how their bringing their money into Bitcoin is increasing the odds of a bubble.  It's unlikely for to be withdrawn in a hurry on a downturn if they've accepted that possibility before buying in.
@_date: 2013-03-01 06:11:34
Although there have been some attempts at gauging the predominance or otherwise of the 'black market' side of Bitcoin nobody really knows.  Some people swear it is virtually all of it whilst others believe it to be quite marginal.  Fact is we can only guess.  Which means the assumption that the current price is determined by its use for drugs might not be that reliable.  There is also the theory that the drugs trade may not have a significant effect on the price because many in the drugs world will only buy enough bitcoin to buy what they want and the seller or the seller's seller at some point will need to pay for the next batch in fiat (which if it is the same amount as that bought should have zero effect on the price).  Of course some may keep a proportion of their profits in BTC which will contribute to an increasing price but my guess is most of those around drugs are less interested in long-term gains or getting enthused about a radical new currency than getting high and stashing traditional cash!
Those more likely to be affecting the increase are those who find use in BTC (whether international transfer, trade or store of value/long-term-speculation) and like the idea of it enough to start buying into it - then keeping some if not all of what they buy.
I will also reiterate the point others are making in that the relative numbers between the USD and BTC does not really count for anything.  It is where the price is now relative to where you think it might go that counts and 'dollar parity' shouldn't really come into that equation.
All the best with whatever you decide :)
@_date: 2013-03-15 14:33:40
For those who don't know it's not just 'a' Finish company.  It's one for whom Martti Malmi, owner of bitcoin.org and bitcointalk.org domains, works.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying it's not a great thing but let's not be thinking it is some random company that came across Bitcoin and decided mmm, that would be a good idea!  It's not quite the same as being delighted someone like BitPay pays people in Bitcoin but it's not like the WayBack machine folks.
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:18:24
I disagree with your conclusion though I agree people fear change.  It's the 'change' thing that makes it clever.  Those who most fear change aren't about to jump on board the Bitcoin train regardless of what anyone says so in a way it's pointless trying to make it attractive to them.  To those of us who see the problems Bitcoin can solve change is a very attractive proposition that can hint at revolution without rubbing it in anyone's face.
@_date: 2013-02-28 21:02:38
Not necessarily.  It could be the dumper had assessed the risk of selling small over some time which may have resulted in other nervous hands beating him to the sell-off.  He may have decided he would be happy with anything over $31 and just waited until there were enough bids for him to make his move.  Another possibility is that there's a lot more where this came from and that he thought a big spike down quickly recovered would knock the confidence of the market less than constant smaller ones which may give him the opportunity to do the same in a little while :)  Point is we don't know but I think assuming such a large player doesn't know what he's doing may not be the wisest thing to do.
@_date: 2013-03-06 23:02:36
...and you come to that conclusion on the basis of...?
@_date: 2013-12-14 12:36:04
PLEASE will Max and others stop trying to convince AJ of Bitcoin's virtues.  The last thing the world needs is the lunatics that are AJ's followers being empowered by bitcoins.
Low intelligence, virtually no understanding of the world outside of their own narrow paradigm, big guns, convinced the Illuminati are out to get them, Jesus freaks and soon-to-be bitcoin rich too?  I'm scared!!
@_date: 2013-11-11 21:26:49
Yaay, my favourite Indian, Colliers Wood Tandoori, are on the list :)  As a regular there I've mentioned it a couple of times and shown a Casascius 1btc coin so they know of it and its growth in value.  I'm looking forward to going to collect tomorrow saying I actually paid for the meal in Bitcoin without their ever having needed to know (and btw, they could easily do so themselves too and save themselves the takeaway.com fee).
@_date: 2013-02-24 21:13:51
The reason for it being there I suspect is because it was a political correspondent the magazine sent to the Liberty Forum.


Considering this is written by a political correspondent I am even more impressed by its balancedness!  I guess it was not his first exposure to it to have come out with that article.
@_date: 2013-03-28 16:26:18
People somehow seem to think that high street acceptance is a world away and think of Bitcoin mainly for international or on-line stuff.  However, I know loads of places (e.g. workers' cafes and independent pizza places) who do not use credit cards due to costs, risk of chargebacks and I guess for some because it means everything has to be declared ;)  If they had a till with a QR code on it for customers to pay when they order they'd have confirmations by the time the food is ready.  Why is that so difficult to envisage as part of our reasonably near future?
@_date: 2013-03-15 14:39:26
Hear hear!  All too often one has to scroll far down not only the main r/Bitcoin page but also within the comments sections to find someone who is not praising Bitcoin, often irrationally. Not good.
Just because you and I may have thought through the most obvious criticisms and found them to be unconvincing in light of what we now understand it does not mean it is a good idea to be dismissive in attitude or by downvoting.
Wouldn't we feel silly if someone came  up with a fatal flaw and we'd missed it because of it being seen as anti-Bitcoin and downvoted into obscurity?!
@_date: 2013-03-27 21:11:10
Been thinking of doing the very same myself but thought I'd wait until we see what the score is with getting fiat out of Cyprus to replenish sold BTC.
@_date: 2013-04-20 12:16:31
Who is suffering and how?  The initial rise in value may come largely out of speculation and hope but if there is to be a sustained rise in value it will be because of the work of those active in the bitcoin economy.  Those who are successful will not 'suffer'.  Those who are not will suffer from their business failures not from those 'sitting on their ass'.
As for latecomers getting very few bitcoins for their money, providing they are able to do with it what they'd like to i.e. send &amp; spend &amp; save money then how are they suffering?
I'm still searching for 'sufferers' here - clues?
@_date: 2013-04-26 23:27:36
Thanks for your compliments and comments :)
@_date: 2013-02-23 10:28:08
Bitcoin would work hand-in-hand with Land Value Tax.  LVT negates the need for the state to know or care what people earn, how much wealth they have or how much they trade nor even what is built on a piece of land.  What matters is the value of the underlying land.  This becomes more or less valuable according to the actions of others in the vicinity.  The owner is therefore deemed to owe rent on any increase.  Done right, in principle enough should be raised this way that no other forms of taxation are necessary.
@_date: 2013-04-29 17:37:51
Thanks for replying to questions here PublicAutopsy.  There was a little exchange about this this morning on one of the general trading threads at bitcointalk.  My take on it (though you have helped me understand some of it here already) was as below and I would gratefully appreciate any further explanation you'd be happy to share.
This is what I'm finding confusing.  Going by the limited information on the site alone it says: To make a transaction simply text your request. ex. "send '555-phon' 10 for beer".
Please bear in mind I may have got this totally wrong because I am not a techie.  But my understanding of that is that you're sending your payment SMS to the service provider not the recipient - in which case isn't it just an on-line wallet service with SMS instruction for payments and SMS notification of receipts?  If so then the private keys of the wallets associated with the phone numbers surely have to be kept on the service provider's side.  In which case, my question is: Are they only accessible via instruction from the phone or does the service provider also have access to them.  Unlike Blockchain.info wallets where the encryption/decryption can be done on the client side I can't see how that could be handled by an sms-only phone.
If the service provider does indeed have access to everybody's private keys then all potential users should  familiarise themselves with the mybitcoin history!
I'm not saying the service provider is untrustworthy but if my understanding is correct one essential aspect of Bitcoins - i.e. not needing a bank - is absent.  Maybe paywithbits.com is more trustworthy than Barclays or Mpesa?  I don't know but it's a big step away from what in Bitcoin world we're used to and I'm reservedly excited about this as something I'd like to see go viral in developing nations until I understand more.
@_date: 2013-03-30 11:10:44
I understood very little of that but watched because I like the sound of the language.  However I did catch the 'expert' say 'confiscadion de depositos'!  Guess what the Spaniards (&amp; those of many other struggling economies) fear?!
@_date: 2013-10-25 19:28:46
They've taken this document down.  Anybody have it downloaded?
Maybe they're planning to rewrite it to give them the option to legally hold onto this amount which could potentially undermine the perceived value of bitcoins if the value goes up so high that they can use it to back the USD!
@_date: 2013-03-01 05:54:41
Yes, and Casascius has always encouraged others to do so.  He is very transparent about how he goes about it.  I have considered something like poker chips with an RFID public key which could be used (and verified as unspent) by a vending machine and with the public key QR code also on it.  Many variations on the theme possible for someone prepared to take it on.
@_date: 2013-03-20 23:54:50
No need to live off shore - Don't want to pay taxes? Just don't own, rent instead!  Rent is down to the land owner and because rent is determined by demand the additional cost to the land owner can not get passed on to the tenant :)
It's not about 'ability to pay' either - in fact that's a main sticking point for many (old widow on low income in large house in expensive area syndrome).  It is about preventing the value of the land that has nothing to do with the land owner and everything to do with businesses, services and people in the area accruing to the land owner and instead having that be repaid back to provide better law enforcement and other services in the area.
@_date: 2013-10-27 16:38:06
You'll find many many answers to this question if you read up on it (or hang out here for a few responses!)  My response is I spend the money I intend to spend whether bitcoins or pounds (in my case).  I don't spend my savings.  In practice it means if I consider most of my bitcoins as savings and I want to spend some I might use it as an excuse to convert more pounds to bitcoins to ensure I am not spending my savings.
You could just as well ask anyone who has bitcoins why spend any money at all other than that necessary to live when they could instead be putting it into bitcoins?
@_date: 2013-07-05 18:37:14
My guess is Investopedia randomly rotates through terms.  This appears to be an old entry given that it says 'As of August 2011, there were more than 7 million Bitcoins in existence.'
Still true but a little dated methinks :)
@_date: 2013-03-03 21:01:03
An answer I find useful to any kind instant insistent 'knowing straight away it can never work because...' is first to ask them to explain on what basis they believe that being genuinely interested because there is actually a chance somebody could come up with a reason it won't work.  Although the odds are tiny ask the question as if they may be onto something.  Likelihood is you'll soon be able to follow that up with: I see where  you're coming from but there are things about the way bitcoin is designed and works that means [whatever they said] can't be or is extremely unlikely to be a problem.  Then if they're still insistent rather than inquisitive there's no point taking it any further and you could even thank them for saving you the effort and you both the time explaining it if they have already decided what they think of it.  Maybe next time they'll come across it there's a chance they will try a less aggressive initial response?
@_date: 2013-07-07 18:15:46
The article referred to is a couple of months old.  I'm sure this discussion was had then too - though maybe on bitcointalk not here?
@_date: 2013-02-19 20:49:40
A means of storing Bitcoin that, if done properly, means the only way to access them is by the use of the passphrase you used when you set it up.  BEWARE: Spend some time learning about it, experiment with small amounts and double check the passphrase you think you used generates the correct public address before putting any substantial sums on one!
@_date: 2013-04-01 22:01:27
Thanks for that and for the transcript translation.
It sound like a pretty well informed piece with very few misconceptions which is mighty impressive for a general news programme, especially when compared to what I just put myself through listening to the mess on CNBC 
@_date: 2013-03-16 00:38:56
Wow, I read some of your responses here and had to go back read the piece again because I thought I must have missed something but no!  There was nothing there about bribing nor even about the author contributing to their campaigns.  It was about persuading politicians to accept Bitcoin donations.
I know many here prefer the black and white picture with all politicians as the enemy and are itching for the fight.  
But whilst persuading people (including politicians) of the benefits of Bitcoin may not be of interest to some others would rather take steps to reduce the odds of a nasty smear campaign against Bitcoin.  It may be a hopeless task.  It may be that politicians will inevitably when cornered by the threat of Bitcoin do their utmost to kill or cripple it but I see no harm in talking.
@_date: 2013-02-24 11:42:06
Re 'professional miners taking over' it has been a while since someone with the equipment they happen to have in their machine could mine more than a tiny amount.  Asicminer may change the game but on the whole whether you spend $1,000 or $100,000 on mining equipment you will get virtually the same ROI.  I don't like this rumour that the age of amateur miner is over because of its self-fulfilling potential.  I'm not saying go put an order on.  I'm saying you're in the very same boat as anyone else buying at the same time as you regardless of how much or how little you and others are buying.
@_date: 2013-04-21 21:35:02
Thanks for that.  Bookmarked for quoting!
@_date: 2013-07-16 08:04:25
Excellent, now we have both sides rofling about at the stupidity of the other do you mind if I ask on what basis you believe the article to have merit?  Is it because you believe the Krugman 'a deflationary currency must fail' argument?
One thing I like about bitcoin is that it is an experiment.  With time we may know whether Krugman was right or whether those who see a deflationary currency has great potential are (providing that is the experiment doesn't get crushed into oblivion by panicky lawmakers - or just abandoned for whatever other reason).
So rather than people on both sides of this argument having a go at one another why not just put your money where your mouth is (i.e. keep it out of bitcoin) and we'll see what happens  :)
@_date: 2013-03-27 14:10:23
Yup, many look at the 'collapse' in the housing market as 'just another bubble' bursting.  The author fails to recognise that land is economically fundamentally different.  It may well be overbought now and again (8 year cycles?) but overall as you say, it can not fail to keep going up in popular areas simply because those who employ, who supply services (public or private) and who work keep adding value resulting in an ever-increasing demand.
So that's why land is different.  The funny thing is Bitcoin is different too for entirely other reasons.  But to be fair to the author she does say to look at the fundamentals.  Look at them and look at its potential and even though it's still a risk the potential gain is immense - so each has to decide for him/her self whether or not it's a bubble.  Can't see it myself :)
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:26:59
Fantastic :) Same stats but this one wants to paint a different impression.  Gotta love it :)
@_date: 2013-02-24 17:53:15
It will be interesting to see.   This current run looks like it is a run-up to the banks opening in anticipation of higher demand and the price taking another hike.  It could however turn out to be a damp squib with new buyers unimpressed by the volatility of the last couple of days holding their fiat for a little to see what happens first.
I should note the latter scenario is in my interest in that I will have funds to purchase on Tuesday.  I am not confident that is what will happen!
@_date: 2013-03-30 11:49:55
That quote was worthy of commenting to the source so I just posted the following to Simon Smith:
Sorry but I couldn't help but laugh to hear your Sky News quote: "...might as well burn their money..."
I have just posted it on Bitcoin Reddit as 'laugh of the day' :D  I suspect it is one of those quotes that will cause you embarrassment in years to come when you'll regret not having done a little more research than taking a glimpse at the chart and assuming the shape of a typical bubble means it is.
That Amir is a bit of an idealist and makes claims that may be ridiculously exaggerated and maybe it's just Sky News's way to get two extremist views on a topic?
You may be right of course in implying Bitcoin could collapse to virtually nothing tomorrow but that doesn't make your comment any less ignorant.
@_date: 2013-12-06 23:35:51
Articles:  
Let me know if this is old news and I'll take it down :)
@_date: 2013-12-16 10:24:47
Sometimes Google translate is a pain and sometimes a source of mirth :D Today the latter - especially the One in five respondents holding a blow to the arm!!! wtf?!
@_date: 2013-12-05 21:00:18
How he quantifies his analysis is, in the author's and in my eyes, less relevant than that he's who he is saying there's a future for Bitcoin.  I have trouble with his valuation as coming out of the circumstances he describes but actually prefer for practical reasons he comes to something close to where we are today than something with a few more zeros.  We don't need people to fan the flames, just to keep it steady and give companies on the fence as to whether to start accepting payments in bitcoin a little nudge in the right direction.
@_date: 2013-03-28 09:54:56
Please don't discourage or downvote sceptics.  99% of them 99% of the time may be showing their lack of understanding but one of the reasons I'm here is if somebody does find a critical flaw then I'd like to be amongst the first to find out!
If you dislike an opposing opinion as much as you appear to maybe your confidence in Bitcoin is not as deep as you think it is.  Maybe you are one of those who needs to be reminded not everybody thinks Bitcoin is the best thing since sliced bread!
@_date: 2013-04-01 22:02:18
Ouch that hurt so much !
@_date: 2013-03-16 13:17:00
Classical v. Keynesian is an oversimplification - as the Austrian posse have been only too keen to point out to you.  Out of Classical Economics came not only Keynes and the Austrians but Henry George too (as well as Marx and Malthus but we won't go there ;) ).  All other than George ignored the classical differentiation of the factors of production into Land, Capital and Labour by ignoring land.  George (and Geolibertarians today) believe/d land is a special case.  Rothbard for the Austrians has some good arguments against Land Tax but it's not a dead duck and you might want to keep it in the back of your mind if you see public revenue as potentially positive but are persuaded that taxing the productive is neither moral nor helpful.
@_date: 2013-04-18 14:38:24
I just bumped into this in my local caff in London.  I didn't think it too bad actually.  As someone said it's more-or-less disparate factoids.  I'm most impressed that it was neither sensationalist nor were there any major misconceptions.  I think more than anything it was an excuse for them to do a pretty infographic.  I told the cafe owner there's a good chance a couple of years down the road I'll be able to pay my electronic money straight into his till from my phone and left him reading it :)
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:31:38
We need to cut those steeped in non-crypto money paradigms some slack on the 'intrinsic value' or 'linking' front.  Many great and influential economic thinkers have since Aristotle believed intrinsic value was essential.  I would prefer bitcoiners stopped trying to claim bitcoin has an intrinsic value and instead maybe suggest because there always was an historic link doesn't necessarily mean it is a rule in that no currency can succeed without.
@_date: 2013-03-30 11:33:56
Laugh of the day: "It's totally unsafe. They might as well burn their money in a pile as far as I'm concerned. Yes, Bitcoin has doubled in value over the last month but it has every sign of being a bubble."
Simon Smith, FxPro
@_date: 2013-04-27 09:20:25
Interesting that whilst Friedman looked at Land Taxation from a practical perspective as tax-collection of last resort both he and the Austrian School in general seem to have missed the point of its underlying principle - that it is the ideal means of raising public revenue *because it does not tax productive activity*.  It's not in that sense really a tax at all. 
Not only that but it simultaneously:
* ceases the free gift of increased land value handed to land owners by everybody who makes a particular location more popular;
* removes the incentive for people to sit on good potential building land for decades, even generations;
* lowers land values thus making home purchase possible for more of the next generation than just those with landed parents.
More on this here: 
@_date: 2013-03-08 15:02:11
Sorry.  I did search for it but obviously not well enough.  My main point was the irony of his blocking of my comments.
@_date: 2013-09-24 23:32:53
It's only the US's obsession with the 'sinfulness' of gambling that drives all the gambling money to bitcoin!  Legal or illegal I suspect the gambler demographic would not be much different: a small number gambling vast amounts and a large number of people gambling tiny amounts (because it is unlikely they will ever have more than tiny amounts available to gamble with).  But wait, it's not the case as far as I know.  The non-newsworthy vast majority I understand to be occasional fun gamblers without who don't need government protection from their own actions.
I agree it is kinda unfortunate more than anything because I think gambling is a waste of hope for the future.  Taking action on the basis of futile hope is probably not the most constructive actions to take.  Yet people will be people and therefore smarter people will step in to take their money.
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:17:42
8/10 for effort
5/10 for extracting &amp; presenting the important aspects and for accuracy
@_date: 2013-04-02 03:25:51
'cash out'?  What does that mean please?
@_date: 2013-03-01 06:28:03


Where did you get that from?  That isn't in the article and is simply incorrect.  There are services (such as BTCbalances and blockchain.info) that will show you the value on a bitcoin address or if you have the technical knowhow you can check out the blockchain itself yourself.  You're not the first and you won't be the last to call it a ponzi scheme but you might need to learn a bit more about it if you want to come to that conclusion based on something about Bitcoin.  You never know, you might find if you learn enough about it you'll discover you can't find anything to lead you to conclude it's a ponzi scheme :)
@_date: 2013-03-08 15:40:52
What the man says is mainly FUD but I found some interesting things in there (it was the first time I'd seen the 'flash crash' video and the interview with Gavin Anderson and Amir Taqi).  I also posted this video in error even though I'd searched.  The main reason I had not seen the video via the bitcoin reddit is because Bitcoin advocates are downvoting anything that criticises Bitcoin and I see that as a problem.  I would prefer to see an argument against with the comments pointing out the errors.
I tried to do it in the video comments but it appears this libertarian is not keen on freedom of speech when it comes to criticism because he blocked my response! 
So if it gets downvoted into obscurity here where should this discussion take place?
@_date: 2013-03-29 00:00:18
If people can hide their liquid wealth, can work for part official/part invisible pay; if trade is driven to the black market because VAT tries to replace other forms of taxation; maybe eventually governments will realise the solution that's been staring them in the face for so long: Tax Land! Try hiding that off-shore!  It is a just solution.  Check for some thinking along these lines.
@_date: 2013-04-13 18:11:55
I'm almost certain you know the high street banks have been closing down all accounts relating to bitcoin exchanges as soon as they become aware?  I think Blockchain.info's Pingit service survived fine for a while then as soon as they added a sort code and account number for bank transfers both was closed down - as with Intersango and Metro and Barclays.  If you have a means of dealing with that then fabulous.  Good luck and I look forward to your offering :)
@_date: 2013-02-27 16:17:56
I'm pretty familiar with all this and had no need of the lesson really but I also appreciate the way it works put so succinctly and clearly.  Never hurts to hear the same thing from a different angle.  Thanks :)
@_date: 2013-03-31 10:44:03
To you maybe.  Squirrels if they've had a successful season have a hoard of food for the winter.  People, if they're smart and have had some success have a hoard of commodities for leaner times.  Where's the negative?
@_date: 2013-02-24 14:24:23
To be fair to the author of this piece though - and I didn't really notice until after I'd commented - the article itself gives more prominence to Wordpress and cup cakes.  It mentions the anonymity thing, which it should but overall, with attention also given to international transfer and the positive side of the lack of charge-backs I really like the article's balance.  What's funny is that those who wanted to comment seem to have missed all that to bitch about their preconceived ideas of why Bitcoin is irrelevant!
@_date: 2013-09-24 06:45:42
Didn't anybody see the date?  July '12!
@_date: 2013-04-07 23:19:07
I'd buy a tee shirt with it on.  I love it :)
@_date: 2013-02-28 07:37:26
Thanks for this.  You just gave me another reason to stop having mtgoxlive on in the background all day if I have no intention of trading on the back of changes.  It means I can at the end of the day go play the day through at a speed that suits me :)
And just like when watching recorded football 'as live' if you don't want to know the final score before you watch it you can put the cursor to the left of your screen as it is loading so it loads to 24 hours ago :)
Edit:  I would also like to be able to select the start date/time because some days - such as the last few hours - are likely to be watching again to remind ourselves in the days weeks and months ahead.
@_date: 2013-03-16 17:48:49
Eliminating all existing taxes and replacing them with a single Land Value Tax would work.  If the only thing a government needs to know in order to raise public revenue justly is to know how much land everybody knows then how much someone earns, how much they sell, how much profit they make, how much wealth they own and how and where they put it ceases to be any of their business :)
@_date: 2013-11-07 10:16:13


Except it is being used for trading and people some (though probably unwisely) are also relying on it as their primary store of value.  Others (many more I suspect) are backing this as a future means of transferring value and as a store of wealth.  The former may panic on a serious downturn and sell whereas even a 99% drop in price wouldn't deter the latter from continuing to support/own it - which is why it is immensely unlikely we'll see a 99% drop unless the thing actually breaks, in which case it is history - but not for the reasons Joe and CatchJack are putting forward.
@_date: 2013-03-03 21:05:57
Agreed.  Starting off with the technical ins and outs of mining is only suitable for a tiny proportion of people.  I saw nothing in that article to support the assertion in the title.
And whilst the price estimate may be conservative (I don't know) that kind of talk turns off sensible people (it's too good to be true) whilst encouraging idiots who are likely to throw in way more than they can afford to and to increase the odds of a bubble then instigate or deepen the subsequent crash.
To me this article has the focus in the wrong place on both counts.
@_date: 2013-10-30 08:36:45
I'll chip in here with a Bitcoin 'big rock' seeing as I wrote this on my facebook yesterday as a response I would like to have heard on BBC Radio 4 last night to the question ''Do you think we'll ever see a central Bank of Bitcoin?" 
No, it is impossible. Bitcoin is designed in such a way that the currency can not be controlled by a central-bank-like authority; there is no need for one. The decisions normally made by central banks on an ongoing basis were made at Bitcoin's inception and are pre-programmed and irrevocably built into the protocol that is replicated in every bitcoin wallet in existence. This, along with transactions being continuously audited by a decentralised globally distributed database not only makes the idea of a central bank redundant but it also means there is no central point of failure or of vulnerability to attack or government clampdown.
@_date: 2013-02-24 14:29:23
There's an article that talks about the benefits of Bitcoin clearly and succinctly over at... hang on a minute, that's the one this thread is supposedly about ;)  Did you read it yet?  If you have further questions I and others would be more than happy to direct you but let's start with the resource linked to above.
@_date: 2013-04-14 12:06:43
I tend to use Tulip Mania when talking about the Bitcoin price saying it 'might be like..'.  But I ask the question if in 1637 these Tulip bulbs had been finite in number, infinitely divisible, instantly recognizable and could be teleported to anywhere in the world would the price have crashed - or could they instead have been adopted as the world-wide dominant currency?  I can not claim credit for this one but I can't remember where I first heard it.  I didn't know about the Bubonic plague element but I don't know if it matters so much either what actually triggered the event if the bulbs were that overpriced surely it would have happened somehow sometime anyway?
I am particularly likely to bring Tulip Mania into the conversation if someone is coming from the 'Pnozi/Pyramid Scheme' angle which I easily and quickly dismiss as not being relevant but there might be an element of Tulip Mania.  I actually think there was otherwise we would not have had such a sharp and deep correction recently.  My hope is that having such a recent 'stiletto' on the chart will lessen the likelihood of as high a proportion of the money coming in coming in on the belief that 'it can't go down'!
Nice article though :)
@_date: 2013-02-28 17:03:40
Yup, a bit disappointing considering some of their Bitcoin reporting has been quite good.  But at least they mentioned it.  I'm guessing the BBC has something about Bitcoin around twice a month on average these days.  I get quite a lot of inquisitive 'Yes, I think I heard/read something about that' when I mention it (or when asked what the shiny holographic coin is that happens to have come out of my pocket with my pound coins when I'm paying for whatever)  ;)
@_date: 2013-11-13 00:44:57
You do realise you're not making a case at all here to back up your claim rather expressing an opinion as fact?  If you LOVE bitcoin why is it you value the 'idea' so little?  It's actually an extremely practical implementation of an idea.
Also check out nimantor's elequent argument above that for an argument for it being in a bubble to have any credence requires an evaluation of its 'true' value being less - and requires that a claim be put in such a way that it is falsifiable.  Your claim satisfies neither of those criteria.
@_date: 2013-03-28 11:09:09
I have to say I really like the balance in this piece. Truth is none of us really knows where it is going so I like that the lack of requirement of trust thing comes over so strongly.
Except of course due to lack of the chargeback safety net people using bitcoin for purchases where they would have used cards need to be a bit more diligent before trusting the supplier to supply.
@_date: 2013-07-04 16:37:04
I'm intrigued as to how you come to this one. Care to share?  I suppose it depends on what you mean by 'massively successful'.  Let's say a loaf of bread cost 1 bitcoin and 10m were in circulation even if everybody only used it as a means of exchange (i.e. bread shopper converts local currency to bitcoin and baker immediately converts back and only uses the bitcoin for 5 minutes), given a world population of 7 billion one would have to wait two and a half days for another bitcoin to become available to buy their next loaf!  
Admittedly that does assume the whole world population is using it but it also assumes:
none remains in circulation for other uses e.g. for the bakers to pay their suppliers and their staff;
that all bread is sold direct to the customer by the baker;
nobody uses it for any other transactions - especially higher value transactions;
it is immensely successful as a means of exchange but of zero value as a store of value (i.e. it all remains available for use all the time).
Somehow I'm not seeing this but I'd be intrigued as to the reasoning behind your premise.