@_author: thoughtprovokingtips
@_date: 2014-10-26 16:04:37
I used CashToCrypto a couple days ago and it could not have been easier. I was going to use Coinbase but the wait times for a bank transfer takes forever and by the time I got my BTC from them the price is always different. I decided to try out CashToCrypto after reading their reviews on LocalBitcoins. I used their website to get a better rate than their profiles on LocalBitcoins, deposited cash in their bank account, uploaded a receipt of the deposit, and received BTC later that day! Instead of waiting days to buy mining hardware if I went through Coinbase, I was able to buy it the same day I wanted it with CashToCrypto! So thank you for your excellent service and the speed if your transaction! I will definitely be using them again and again!
@_date: 2014-10-29 18:51:41
Just used this website again a couple days ago for a large sum purchase of BTC.  The transaction went through smoothly and easily!  Will definitely do business with them again.
@_date: 2015-01-05 20:45:23
The name of the lawyer he used to send Coinflare a Cease and Desist letter is: Brian Klein from Baker Marquart
The CEO of GAW is Homero Josh Garza.
His twitter is: 
A supposed investor of his is Stuart Fraser who is a partner at Cantor Fitzgerald.  Stuart Fraser seems to have invested in GAW when it was a internet service provider (Great Auk Wireless) and as a mining company according to his twitter and linkedin profiles:
He may be in on the whole scam as well.
Also, a lot of compiled information is here:
and here:
and here:
and here:
and here (from a member of reddit [NeonTranceBadger] and BCT):
and here (a little information on him being a Zeusminer reseller for a while):
Before this whole mining fiasco, he seemed to be an ebay seller/buyer of mining equipment:
Before this he owned or operated GAW (Great Auk Wireless) that provided internet service to many homes.  But he scammed the city of Ashfield out of what the city paid him to do according to this Google Group:
specifically, these postings:
In the facebook link there is a picture of him accepting a $40,000 check.  I am not sure if his company actually accepted it or used these funds, however.
(Notice that his speech is very similar to his speech on hashtalk...a lot of failed expectations and always blaming it on everything else instead of their own incompetence)
Also check post  by jimmothy on BCT: 
I hope that helps!  Sorry it's just a list of many links :/
@_date: 2015-01-05 23:08:50
Thank you for the tip!