@_author: thr0wawayforquestion
@_date: 2017-10-29 11:29:53
FYI it's called logarithmic or sublinear if we're talking about increasing efficiency. What I don't understand is why you wouldn't want 2MB blocks now, and better scaling solutions in the future. 2MB would harm noone in the near future. Sure, it's a bad precedent to set if you just want to continue doubling down on block size whenever the mempool gets too congested, but that's not what those pushing for 2MB want. They want to help bitcoin adoption now, because 1MB blocks are actively hurting us and our community. Everyone wants the magical O(log n) storage solution for bitcoin. I don't deny that. But it's not ready. We need to stick to the linear in the near future, so we don't grind bitcoin to a halt, or skew public perception of what bitcoin is until the better scaling solutions are ready (whether that's segwit, lightning or something completely different is another debate). The stance that just because we can't solve the impending problem in the perfect way right now, we shouldn't act at all is dangerously selfish. And would in many other real life situations be putting other peoples lives at stake (I know it's stretching the analogy).
@_date: 2017-10-29 11:57:41
They try to cripple bitcoin (if you believe that's what they are aiming for) to show how easy it is. And in their optic, there's the perfectly suitable alternative in bitcoin cash, so they are not hurting anyone. That's at least an explanation if you want to look at it from your stance.
@_date: 2017-10-29 11:43:17
Maybe to show that it is a very real attack vector to cripple bitcoin, that requires way less than 51% hashing power? Maybe to voice their concern and show that they are taking action to shed light on this problem? Maybe in protest of high fees, they eliminate their own fee profits? Maybe to hurt BTC because they think BCH is the better choice? Maybe they're just downright malicious and want to watch the world burn. Your guess is as good as mine.
@_date: 2017-10-29 11:13:46
I love how the people screaming about decentralization, absolutely shits on people with another opinion. This is a dirty ass playing field, and if you want to believe both sides it's a least of 2 evils situation. So what do you want? A crippled bitcoin for people that still have 56k modems? Or a bitcoin with blocks that are easily handled by the average internet connection?
Also have you looked into the recent revelations about blockstreams business model? It is quite amusing, since it literally says black on white that they will try to cripple bitcoin so they can license sidechains to businesses. How's that for corporate takeover.
And for reference, I'm pro bch and against segwit and s2x. Pre segwit bitcoin best bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-29 11:02:21
That would be core, right?
Don't know if any of them are investment bankers though, but you probably know better than I do.