@_author: three_testicalos
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:48:29
BTC team at the time of Mt.Gox failure should have stood by its investors who lost their BTC!!! (not FIAT!!!). How? 
Demand Japanese court to settle it in BTC (by dumping BTC trustee showed his disrespect and caused damage to existing BTC investors it is just absolutely brutal to dump BTC they controll without taking care of existing investors). If I were in BTC team at the time, that is exactly what I would do(DEMAND case to be settled in BTC!!!). In fact due to gravity of that failure, I would   HARDFORK BTC after thorough investigation:  1. airdrop to all wallets that sent BTC to Mt.Gox half of what they lost (another half would be sent to fund that would be kept for paying lawyers for all their future battles that they would fight for BTC investors). 2. Change private key for wallet that is controlled by the trustee without announcing it, essentially,
making them "believe" that they lost their private key. If they want to shit on you (settle in FIAT, by dumping BTC at whatever the price, without considering other BTC investors losses), why BTC team allowed it. After all these ppl don't trust BTC (it is funny money for them, untill money is not as funny). 
@_date: 2018-03-08 17:20:24
I believe BTC/BCH teams should have demanded japanese court to settle the case in BTC!!!, because if not then it would mean that other BTC investors are in danger and are held hostage. If court disagreed, which it would, then immediate fork should have been applied to remedy the situation. What happens now, is that court shits on BTC  investors(by settling it in FIAT) while all power belongs to investors (ability to fork and let the court to have its FIAT which in that case would precisely be ZERO). BTC comunity is spineless in the way that it handles this situation.
@_date: 2018-03-08 16:55:14
This BTC trustee unloading ordeal is such a mess. Fact is, he was unloading relentlessly removing support at 6000USD. That tells a lot about his intentions in future. HE DOESN"T CARE ABOUT BTC!!! and its price. Most important is he holds huge amounts and BTC holders are HOSTAGE to his actions. No sane investor would buy BTC untill the issue is clear and resolved. There will be 1000s of eyes checking trustee account if any more BTC moved, which would be indication of further potential selloffs. SOLUTION is simple. BTC and BCH teams should HARDFORK both chains so that trustee accounts are not active anymore. This will reduce BTC and BCH float and will be bullish for remaining investors. Japaneese court can judge all they want after that, if they want to resolve it in fiat, then let them have their FIAT (which the only thing they care) after hardfork. If BTC and BCH don't fork it then risks are: existing BTC whales will start shifting their hodings into other top coins. If I had holdings in BTC/BCH, that is exactly what I would be doing now and I strongly believe that it will happen in near future. If ETH/BTC ratio starts gaining in near future then process is already in motion.