@_author: threethoukarm
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:37:34
Holding bitcoins for a month and then spending them is not 'hoarding', as OP was prescribing. Since we are using economic jargon, it is important that we use it correctly.
At some point in this conversation, the term 'holding' was introduced and now is being equivocated with 'hoarding'. I am not sure of a strict definition of 'holding' (duration, quantity etc), but since we were talking about 'hoarding' I can only presume it is similar.
Complete hoarding is the death of a currency. It is the absence of economic activity, trade, and liquidity. It is silly to recommend hoarding, as OP did, for this new currency. However, ""holding" bitcoins when you have them for a month and then spend[ing] them" is a completely different economic activity, so it is important not to conflate these ideas.
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:31:50
I don't think there's an issue with your explanation, and I think that you have made your point clear.


This is incorrect. I don't know how that idea has gotten so ingrained in your mind, but at this point I can't do anything else for you.
@_date: 2014-07-30 14:52:18


Uh, no? They just look at the ledger just like they would with a credit card. Payment received, from person, auth refund. Done. Are you deliberately misunderstanding this or what? Not to mention, "glitched order"? Are you familiar with Bitcoin at all?


Lol, yeah, 15 seconds when you update your checkout page, what every 3 years? 


That liability is one day worth of transactions, presuming that they don't clear your payments and go out of biz the next morning. So, yeah, what about it? You might notice this runs counter to your "such a small amount of payments" argument...
The risks are essentially nil. Your arguments are all poor, but don't accept it if you don't want to. 
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:00:03


No it isn't! It is people trading! It is a measure of trade! Stop conflating things! It is not enough that people are *willing* to aquire some asset! They have to trade it!
Your second paragraph makes no sense! You don't know what you're talking about! Stop basing your economic world view on one article that you liked! Holding is important, but it is not the whole story! You need liquidity as it stimulates aggregate demand! Hoarding kills liquidity! Google it or somehow get this information!
@_date: 2014-07-18 06:42:11
Classic government: comes up with unenforceable, and impossible to comply with regulations, so that they can discriminately go after individuals when they like!
Brilliant work, Ben!
@_date: 2014-07-17 07:45:47
This is a really silly conversation: money is both a means of exchange *and* a store of value. In either extreme, the system fails.
Plus, there is an interplay: part of the way to ensure people want it is to give them access to it through transfer.
When you say it is a store of value first, you are confused. It is a chicken and egg problem: it doesn't become a store of value without utility, and part of that utility is as means of exchange.
@_date: 2014-08-25 00:49:17
Well, it's not like he ever knew how bitcoin actually functions...
@_date: 2014-07-30 15:03:58
There is no interpreting the blockchain. In any circumstance. You get a payment in USD, and have a clear record of it.  If you don't, then the person calling you has no business with you, and that's the end of it. 


Riiiight. People who aren't using the payment system (because it's such a huge minority!) are going to get pissed because you stopped using the payment system after it gets a huge write up in "the press". Lol, do you hear yourself? 
Look, I don't know what you're doing in this sub, but you basically have no evidence or good arguments and are hitching your wagon to "what about when Bitpay fails" because the rest of what you're saying is inane. I would put that as unlikely, and since that's your only viable argument, well, I think it is safe to say that this might be a viable option for a few people.
But what if the world ends?!? Well, all bets are off then, huh? Like I said, don't use it, but don't pretend that there is some huge unknown risk that you can just fumble through without evidence and expect people to believe.
@_date: 2014-07-30 14:30:49
No, no, no, the volume doesn't matter. Point is, there is no additional training/infrastructure like you're talking about and it is a completely free way to accept payment and get paid in USD. Bitpay is doing all the extra stuff, you're putting another link at checkout and having another free option. If it saves the cost of 5 minutes of putting up the link, it's worth it.
The downside you're talking about does not exist.
@_date: 2014-07-17 15:14:24
'Not at all' what? Like, what does that mean there?


Nope: the only way it becomes a means of exchange is if it is designed with that in mind. There are plenty of things which are held, and which people want, and which never become a means of exchange. Baseball cards for example, or plutonium ore, or Beanie Babies all come to mind. You can hold Beanie Babies until next century if you'd like and they won't be worth a damn. Holding is not the source of value.
Liquidity stimulates aggregate demand; aggregate demand is the prime informer of market value. Just read and understand that point. You can source it any way you like, but it is demonstrably true, and you're prescription runs contrary to that truth.
You're also wrong about the first people to acquire it: they gave it away, told others how to get it, and traded with it. If they were to have hoarded it, Bitcoin would be worthless since no one else would know what it was. What you are describing is the death nell to aggregate demand; if no one traded, there would be no new people entering the system, and the system would fail.
Therefore, In the context of complete hoarding, Bitcoin would die. In fact, there are similar analogs in the context of traditional currency as well, and this is one reason why interest rates fluctuate to encourage liquidity. You're prescribing 0 liquidity, and it's clear you're confused, as if a completely stagnant entity would be worth something.
@_date: 2014-07-17 17:24:01
So you believe that I have misunderstood you. Do you think that's because you're conflating and interchanging the terms 'hoarding' and 'holding' perhaps? You should probably stop that as I agree it is confusing.


That's more esoteric than useful.
Here's a more useful and intuitive one: the availability of a given commodity on a market. Something which is liquid can be bought and sold relatively easily on the market. That's what we're talking about, and yes it contrasts with volume which is simply the number of trades but doesn't necessarily reflect scarcity.
When everyone hoards -- and there is plenty of precedent for this -- scarcity becomes more of a problem. For commodities with intrinsic value, price will go up/stay high. But bitcoin doesn't have intrinsic value: its value is tied to it's value as a means of exchange, and unless it is accepted as a form of payment, it is worthless. That is to say that it *needs trade* to stay alive, and if everyone hoards and resists trade, the value will be hurt.
In the context of normal market, there are opportunities to hoard scarce resources and sell them later at a higher price. But while this will work on a small scale (you, and me, and an additional minority of people), it is not a prescription for an entire market, because it *ends commerce*. There aren't other ways to say it, but your one sided approach of 'everyone hoard' is  only half the story: of course demand is important (people want to hold), but your describing the end of supply, which would bring this non-intrinsically valued asset to 0.
Your idea of infinite liquidity is so confused I don't even know how to respond.
Keep your ideas, and given the adoption, hoarding will work (it has for me too!) but it's a bad prescription for *other* people as complete hoarding would end bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-07-02 15:39:42
@_date: 2014-08-19 03:57:42
I have a petri dish of stem-cells in my closet working on instant BTC payment processing with the Google Glass API right now. 
They're raw, but they're enthusiastic.
@_date: 2014-08-06 19:57:18
Well, you fuck goats, so who cares?