@_author: threemoneyandnokids
@_date: 2019-05-19 02:44:54
Again, it's been a long time since I've read *Black Swan*, but I believe that was part of his advice, yes. But I think he was speaking more toward not shorting a market, where the losses could (in theory) be infinite, or being highly leveraged, where a negative outcome could force a margin call and wipe you out.
Taleb's overall thesis is to not put yourself (or your company or country's economy) into a situation where a shock will wreck havoc. His book *Anti-Fragile* delves more into this thesis and is also worth reading. In short, he says that thing you never to expect happening just might happen, so don't situate yourself such that you'll go bust if some event that you deem extremely unlikely to happen actually transpires.
If you're interested in learning more but reading isn't your thing, he's been a guest on the Econtalk podcast a number of times and always has interesting things to say and ideas to share, although he is definitely a bit eccentric. (Like his theory on exercise... he posits that evolution shaped our health such that the best way to exercise is not spending 30 minutes running on a treadmill, but to do short bursts of extreme physical exertion on natural environments. So he says he'll exercise by walking in the woods and then, for like 30 seconds straight, breaking out into an all out sprint, jumping over fallen trees, racing up a hill, etc., then go back to walking.)
@_date: 2019-05-09 01:08:42
That's also why he's terrified of losing his virginity.
@_date: 2019-05-09 01:08:14
What is it's on the blockchain?
@_date: 2019-05-19 00:18:25
It's been a while since I've read the book, but he basically argues that people think about the economy and finances in terms of Gaussian distributions, which is one that conforms to a normal distribution. Meaning that the chance of something happening way outside the norm is astronomically low.
However, he argues that events in the economy and finance are not Gaussian distributions, but rather ones that can have extreme outliers. The "Black Swan" is the name for an event that's outside of what conventional wisdom thinks is possible. Recent examples include: the 2008 Financial Crisis, the Housing Bubble, the collapse of Long-Term Capital Management back in the late 1990s, etc.  So you need to prepare for such extreme events and make sure those don't ruin you.
An example to illustrate the difference between a Gaussian distribution and a non-normal one (there's a name for it, but I'm blanking):
* Gaussian distribution: Consider you are randomly recording the height and weight of every person on Earth. After enough readings you can make a pretty good guess that no matter what person you encounter, his or her height and weight are going to be within a certain bounds. That is, if the average person is 5'7" and 150 lbs., say, the chances of running into someone who's 15' tall or 2,000 lbs. is (for all intents and purposes) never going to happen.
* Non-normal distribution: Consider you are randomly recording the net worth of every person on Earth. You may sample a million people and feel like you have a good grasp on what the bounds are, the standard deviation and so forth. So you build financial models and plans based around this assumption. And then, bam, you run into a true outlier (like Bill Gates) and your model goes to shit and you go broke.
So what he recommends from a financial perspective (if I'm remembering correctly) is:
1. Make financial moves that have a "worse case" bottom so you know that you can't lose more than $X. 
2. Take a small percentage of your investment money and put it into a few different things that could possibly have a tremendous upside.
Following 1 and 2 would, in theory, protect you from the downside of a "Black Swan" event and, hopefully expose you to the upside of such an event.
@_date: 2019-05-11 23:22:59
I don't see where I'd put my 2 Liter bottle of Mountain Dew, or my bag of Cool Ranch Doritos. Lame.
@_date: 2019-05-19 01:51:09
Lol, good to hear my memory is still decent. I think I read that 10 years ago and was concerned that I was butchering the synopsis.