@_author: thriftypixel
@_date: 2013-05-11 17:03:00
As impressive as your links and career may or may not be, you lost me at satoshi's client being compromised.
Real threat is linux kernel and hardware as there just aren't enough spooks to be stalking the entire world.
Also, aren't they busy trying to keep us scared and misinformed anyway? It's just a job to them, I think you overestimate the passion of our 9 to 5 alphabet agency workers ;)
You could make the hardware at an arduino level of sophistication, do the schematics and chip design yourself, don't tell anyone your plans for the hardware (duh) and comb over the prototype chip with an electron microscope and then randomly comb over some of the production chips. Based on the resources needed to make the arduino I think I could fund it myself off of my personal leftover bitcoins.
Interesting conversation, however.
It appears we are all JFK in this era, and as far as I'm concerned the illuminati and whatever other organizations should go ahead and change their logo to an upside down pyramid ;) (get it, bottom up !?!? Like, the opposite of top down !?!?!)
Not enough bullets, not enough men.
@_date: 2013-08-28 23:17:07
Haha. 
Yeah, *thank god* Mcaffee chimed in and stated the obvious about how futile government control over citizens owning imaginary, arbitrary integers and using that as value. 
Bitcoin or "the next coin", crypto currencies are here for good.
@_date: 2013-08-13 14:42:12
It calls into question certain power structures is as far as I'd take that, verbally, at a meeting with a representative or strangers on the street even.
It's up to other currencies to provide value in a changing climate. If privately managed central bank fiat currencies are the way to go and they have the balance sheets to boot then that is on them to prove so.
If bitcoin threatens these institutions just by existing then the status quo is SOL - the cat's out of the bag and the idea of a cryptocurrency will continue to develop with bitcoin here or not.