@_author: throwingawaythelice
@_date: 2018-01-04 08:59:01
Surely if something like r/GirlsGoneBitcoin has a place in the sidebar then the, as you say, interesting read deserves a mention also? I find it difficult to believe that reading the whitepaper can have a negative impact on someone wishing to learn more about blockchain, I for one didn't know much about crypto in general and the whitepaper even helped me understand more with some effort. It's not very easy to spoonfeed someone crypto-tech without dumbing down very important details.
@_date: 2018-01-28 22:55:24
You are absolutely correct, I was considering whether I should bring it up but figured I'd just umbrella it under "decentrization" even though the two are not directly related.
@_date: 2018-01-28 07:30:39
That is actually a giant misconception. The entire bitcoin network *can* run on just a single laptop, more nodes simply decentralizes the network. More hashing power on a node does (almost) nothing to speed up the network, it just means that node is more likely to proc a reward. If mining was incompatible with ASICs that would make something like GPUs the standard to mine with which some people find to be a better solution since ASIC production is more monopolized.
@_date: 2017-12-23 08:28:10
Teach us how to spot the highs and lows please.
@_date: 2017-12-23 08:57:28
Did not want to appear sarcastic, I was just wondering how you would go about doing that. In my view there is very little that is obvious in regard to bitcoins price. Say it goes down by 10%, which is an entirely normal thing in bitcoin that would cause panic in most other places. That would amount to a grand or two of hodl in your words. Do you buy at -10% in case it goes down further? Well if you did that you'd actually be at a loss much more often than not, perhaps you'd wait more in case you want to be sure it's crashing. Say -30%? Even then how do you know the "crash" has not ended and that it isn't time to buy. In prices that are on an uptrend selling the highs is a losing stratrgy unless you're absurdly lucky. 
Perhaps I don't know shit, but the things I have looked into basically dissuade any attempts of timing the market and that the only EV positive trading for us mortals is arbitrage and market making to an extent. You can only be sure of returns in a market that has no upward or downward motion. Trading in other conditions is ironically not for more profit but for better risk management. You will make a lot less gains when trading, but you also stand to be safe in case of a crash.
So basically, if you think bitcoin will be worth more in 5 years just buy it and don't trade.