@_author: throwaway238459
@_date: 2015-11-22 08:27:47


Except there really isn't a forum with the same amount of users and merit based system where typically good comments float to the top.


They can't give a fuck if all the discussions are memory-holed to begin with. There were plenty of fucks given on with multiple satirical titles floating to the front page and they were all removed with users banned.


First of all, it was on topic to begin with as the top comment was also discussing something in the same vein. The only people who are annoying as fuck are the mods who literally can't face criticism and do everything in their power to minimize it.


I guess advocating for not being censored amounts to a victim complex these days huh? I guess those in North Korea have some serious victim complexes.
The fact remains that reddit, with it's huge audience can be a major center for spreading public awareness and outrage and it's a shame that's destroyed.
@_date: 2015-11-22 06:04:15
However the situation on reddit is especially egregious, where any political discussion these days are censored, along with anything that might damage their government overlords.
Use uneddit on any recent articles on or worldnews and you'll see plenty of discussion threads on censorship completely wiped.
Also stuff like this - 
Reddit is banning any and all discussion on censorship because if the plebs don't see a censorship problem, they won't know to revolt against one, preventing a mass exodus as happened with digg or even voicing of concerns.
@_date: 2015-11-22 08:01:45
If you use uneddit on the threads linked, it shows that all any time there's mention of censorship, the entire discussion thread gets wiped.
They've wiped top comments just so people can't get together and organize a resistance to censorship.
I never said censors but and along with most default subs are blatantly doing it.
Given reddit's ability to reach millions of users, it's a powerful tool to shape public discourse, i.e. with the SOPA protests and by selling out or even propagandizing it, nothing good can come out of this.
@_date: 2015-11-22 05:38:28
Or rather a decentralized system where they might have trouble skimming off the top came across as too much of a problem.