@_author: throwawaygov
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:52:41
As long as it is something for geeks its fine for the government. Its the understanding that it becomes a problem once the masses use it as a way to get their money out of the current baniking system.
When money is not debt anymore, the current system gets into a lot of trouble. The worst case scenario would be that people get all their money from the banks, employees are being paid in bitcoins and everyone buys goods with bitcoins. 
The banks would be useless from one day to the other, the entire system would collapse. Horrible perspective for some people, especially those with money and those who run the show.
@_date: 2013-04-08 21:36:24
Wow, this is a great post. Thanks for all the answers everyone, I am currently working on another paper that will make its way through the ministry and see what kind of responses I get.
I will definitely include the ideas of controlling it(at least somewhat) like mentioned by GSpotAssassin in his first point. 
As for taking the leadership role, I dont think this is ever going to happen. New technologies are always something every senior official feels uncomfortable with. There are people here who do not understand what a browser is and some really think the internet is stored on their computer. How to explain bitcoins to them? 
These people are involved in writing laws and are running the governemnt. There are several youtube clips where several politicians show a shocking lack of knowledge, not only in their area of expertise also on everything that was introduced after 1989. 
Anyway, thanks again everyone, Ill keep you updated if something worth mentioning comes up. 
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:53:40
This dude gets it right. Germany would push for EU legeslation.
@_date: 2013-04-08 09:46:48
Yes. 
People here are old, very old. I am considered a tech wizard because I can go to the toilet and come back with anwers I googled on my phone.
I did talk about the oppurtunities, but a government, especially the German one using bitcoin, officially endorsing it would inevitably lead to an end of our current banking system.
This is not going to happen and if I would ever propose this an alternative they would probably send me somewhere where I cant harm anyone with my dangerous ideas.