@_author: throwa--
@_date: 2015-04-04 17:51:46
What exactly are you proposing?
This seems very unprofessional.  Not clear what the point was other than to make us all look amateurish to the press.
You seem to agree with Patrick that core dev should be separate, just not with his proposal for how to do so.
Why didn't you simply write an even tempered piece explaining why you disagree?  What do you hope to gain from this style of post?  Couldn't this have been done in a way more productive for Bitcoin?  (For example, if Patrick is being fired or resigning that is something that you are very reckless for simply releasing in this way, then give it the chance to properly be announced with a message, that's what boards do and you'd know this if you served on boards before)
No offense but you come off as irrational and uneven tempered.  You accused Karpeles of murder for hire, said the entire foundation should be destroyed then didn't resign but ran for office and now this, talking about "threats".
You are good at getting upvoted from those who like controversy or the appearance thst you are somehow doing something brave.  But really you are just acting unprofessionally.
During your election debates you often said things about how you woukd make things one way or another as a board member.  Well it's a fully elected board now and it sounds like you want to be more of a dictator.
@_date: 2015-04-04 18:01:55
Why did you appear at DevCore if you feel the foundation is not relevant?  Isn't this a good project?
Since the entire board and leadership has changed why do you still have such an issue with them?
@_date: 2015-04-04 16:31:05
This entire post seems to seek out upvotes and act rebellious. I don't see the point of this.  How does this post help Bitcoin?
What is the major smoking gun revelation?   That the foundation is low on money?  No kidding.
What exactly are you proposing? To disband the group that you just ran for election in?  What about DevCore and the conferences etc.?
