@_author: throwawayaskmdkakmas
@_date: 2014-02-09 18:00:37
IMO introducing novices to Linux will not really make the platform itself unsafe. It will just bring some inexperienced (and thus more easily hackable) users, but it will not affect existing users.
I think that because the mail reasons Linux users are safer in general is just:
- That they are more tech-savvy, more likely to "feel" something is a scam and more likely to research stuff before installing.
- That they install software mostly from repositories (which only include thought-to-be-safe programs and include checks for integrity of the downloaded binaries) instead of just running any code from possibly hacked/scamy Internet websites (which is pretty much the only possibility if you are using Windows).
The real problem is that there isn't any "ready for general use" OS (and I'm including Linux here) that includes proper compartimentalization of software (which is a shame, because it can technically be done). Essentially any line of code of any program/script can grab your wallet+password and send it over the internet without you noticing.
@_date: 2014-02-09 18:58:01


Indeed. Just recently I decided to ditch running Windows on a real machine because even though I take a lot of care about running only safe programs, it doesn't give me the "this is pretty much unhackable" feel. Not that I've been compromised, but the *what-ifs* are just too big compared to Linux (e.g. checking if the .exe's you download of good programs have not been tampered with).


This is interesting, and a good option for those that really want their coins to be safe without getting into paranoid-level security schemes, but IMO it's still not really as safe as one could wish it to be. Apart from having to set up correctly the user account and file permissions (which is easy to mess up for casual users), it's still easy for a program you install externally (which is typically installed as root) to patch the OS to steal your wallet+password once you log in with the special user.
It would be way more convenient if installing programs didn't require admin/root privileges in general and each program could define an access policy to the files it creates. Then the root user account would only need to be used for "whole system" operations like backing up HDDs or installing programs for multiuser systems, which would probably reduce the tendency of casual users to introduce the root password in a heartbeat.
@_date: 2014-02-09 18:13:24
Any well-known Linux distro should be enough for this. You don't really need to pick up one focused on security or privacy if you are using it in LiveCD mode.
Just find one that has a lightweight bitcoin client easily available in the repositories (which should be most popular ones already), boot it in live CD mode, and just use the bitcoin client and do nothing else (especially surfing the Internet randomly and running potential malware from your HDDs).
Also, this is unlikely, but make sure there isn't any chance that untrusted code is running before the LiveCD booting. I'm talking about checking for BIOS rootkits and making sure that the LiveCD is the first thing that runs (either by using the boot menu or by setting it first in the device boot order).