@_author: throwaway48384873
@_date: 2017-11-10 00:13:32


I would recommend you wait.
I know that's an unsatisfying answer, but it's the truth. There's no better alternative.
(If you have the skills or funds or other resources to contribute to scaling technology, you might be able to speed things up a bit. But it will still take time.)
You could switch to an altcoin to get lower fees, but that is a massive tradeoff. For most individuals and companies trying to use cryptocurrency as money today, it is decisively not worth switching. You'd gain low fees, but lose an entire ecosystem. Today, using bitcoin, you can buy a sandwich in almost any major city around the world, but only if you're willing to pay a hefty fee that is quite likely to be more than the cost of the sandwich. That's bad! But there bcash is even worse: you can't do it at all, because no one accepts bcash. This is true for all altcoins, even ethereum. That's why almost no one switches from bitcoin, despite complaining loudly. Sticking with bitcoin and waiting is the least bad option.
Using an altcoin now is a lot like rolling back the clock on bitcoin to a few years ago, with all the good and bad that implies — and it's mostly bad. Despite the high fees, bitcoin is a much better currency today than it was a few years ago. (To be clear, it's still a terrible currency, but it was even worse before.)
The reason altcoins have low fees is because no one uses them for actual commerce. If an altcoin did develop a substantial commercial ecosystem, its fees would rise, just like they did in bitcoin as its ecosystem developed. Then you'd be able to use your altcoin as money, but you'd be right back to square one with high fees.
There's no silver bullet. The only way to solve the fee problem, aka the scaling problem, is to *develop new technology*. Period. Things like the lightning network, signature aggregation, or any other projects that actually improve capacity. You can't do it by copy-pasting existing technology, even if you tweak the constants a bit. (And if you tweak the constants a lot, the network won't function at all.)
This state of affairs is unfortunate. I don't like it. I'm sure you don't like it. No one likes it. But it's reality. No matter how hard we might wish otherwise, wishful thinking won't make it so.
