@_author: throwawaytoexplain1
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:21:53


    
*Yeah, and Bitcoin has been the epitome of stability right?*     
    
I previously said that fanaticism and fanboism and fadism are not part of a stable market. To be clear: I didn't literally type those words. What i did type was respectful, with the assumption that the readers of my typing were informed and intelligent.    
    
Here is a condensed ELI5 version.    
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:41:52
*Its impossible to initiate a rational dialogue with someone about beliefs and concepts if he has not acquired them through reason*
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:52:43
whatever. you're hopeless. In the future I hope you remember this conversation.    
The market is a harsh mistress, and investors in dogecoin are going to feel pain because they didn't do their due diligence. Emotional investing is stupid investing. We take your money
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:03:29
LMAO! he does deserve some doge.
@_date: 2014-05-15 17:38:39
I'm going to break it down for you. Please make sure that the rest of the dogecoin community sees this.    
    
Cryptocurrency is a revolutionary new technology. It's what is often referred to as a "disruptive technology". Some other recent examples of disruptive tech are the internet, and 3d printing.    
    
Bitcoin is the first and the most promising example of a cryptocurrency. The inventor of Bitcoin (or inventors) was such wow genius. Dan Kaminsky said something to the effect of: *bitcoin was written by aliens*. Obviously it's a human invention, but it's groundbreaking on so many levels.    
    
Many of us here at r/bitcoin are idealists. We want cryptocurrency to transform the global financial system. For years (!) we have been called kooks, and been accused of promoting a pyramid scheme etc. We at r/bitcoin are jaded realists.    
    
Why do we express so much disdain for dogecoin and its enthusiasts? Because you all represent the worst qualities of a stable market. You are fadists. You are worshiping a meme without any understanding of what the fuck is actually going on.    
    
Maybe dogecoin can succeed in the marketplace. It's possible. BUT, it will never succeed with the dogecoin commuinity's happy-go-lucky attitude. Money is not a joke, unfortunately. (or it's the most meta joke of all...). People around the world are suffering starvation, war, religious persecution, disease etc. A meme funny-money won't help.    
    
So. We hate you because you aren't serious. You are too flippant. Dogecoin is like pogs or myspace or beanie babies. Dogecoin is a fad.    
    
Furthermore ( :) ) you all need to understand that cryptocurrency is only valuable because of its security. Some security, like the ecc algorithm, is built in. Dogecoin and Bitcoin are basically equal in terms of the underlying cryptography. HOWEVER, without a robust mining community a cryptocurrency is worthless. I'm not presenting my opinion. This is fact. Dogecoin has had its peak hashrate and is in decline, like so many many other altcoins before it.    
    
If you support cryptocurrency as a new financial paradigm, you browse r/bitcoin.    
I'm trying really hard not to troll or insult you, and let me tell you, it's been difficult to write all of this without questioning the average intelligence of dogecoin fans. OOps! sorry
    
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:12:46
me too
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:05:07
because comparing the trainwreck that is dogecoin to the blossoming flower of bitcoin isn't fair. get it?
@_date: 2014-05-15 19:54:56
That's seems like a fair point, but it isn't.    
Bitcoin will become a significant part of the global economy. western union, moneygram, "wire" transfers - all of those will be replaced with cryptocurrency. Then Visa, Mastercard and AMEX will fall. then...     
Cryptocurrency is too good to fail. The issues with stability between fiat and btc are growing pains.    
Maybe I'm wrong!! we'll see before too long. (and altcoins that don't innovate will be forgotten by history)
@_date: 2014-05-15 21:41:51
u/Iama914 asked    


I said    


    
u/Iama914 implied hate, and I responded.    
Hey fellow shibe u/BitcoinPorn, don't hate and be so serious!. OPpPOS    
To the MOOOOOOOps
@_date: 2014-05-15 22:29:42
Your chart is actually two charts on top of each other.    
The top chart appears to show the bitcoin network's hashrate from january to may. But it's wrong. Here is a an actual chart of the bitcoin hashrate for the last six months:     
    
You don't have to trust my word about this. You can confirm this data for yourself.    
The upper chart in your photo is totally incorrect.    
As a miner I use this for my daily check of the bitcoin hashrate:    
    
        
The bottom chart in your photo is also wrong. Here is the dogecoin network's historical hashrate (you can select a timeframe in the lower right hand corner):    
    
    
What does this all mean?? It's not immediately obvious because bitcoin uses sha256 for hashing and dogecoin uses scrypt. They are measured differently.    
I'm getting tired of typing and I need to walk my dog, but suffice to say that the bitcoin network is orders of magnitude (that means MUCH SO) greater than the dogecoin network.    
Did you look at the previous link i posted? Do you see how dogecoin is falling compared to litecoin?    
Shibes don't understand that cryptocurrency relies on technological fundamentals and not enthusiasm
@_date: 2014-05-15 20:01:03
This is really the root issue. dogecoin has generated an enormous amount of interest, but it's doomed to fail. It's a shame.