@_author: throwaway39540
@_date: 2017-08-03 23:09:59
My place burned down a few years ago. Others here have overlooked something critical - electrical shorting.
As your homeowners insurance will likely tell you, an electronics that were touched by the smoke (regardless of whether they were burnt with flames or not), they're going to replace.
Why? The particles of random burning crap, or ionization or some such (I don't know the exact science) land on the circuit boards and when you then run electricity through them, cause short circuits.
So, what to do about this? Do not run electricity through the circuit board. As in, do not plug it into anything, do not turn it on. I'm referring to SSD, HDD, USB stick, external HDD, whatever it is that might have a backup on it.
OK, now that we've got that clear!
You obviously want your data.
The solution is going to involve professionals. They need to know about smoke damage to electronics, and how to work around it with upmost care. They need to know about recovering critical data. What you don't want, is someone simply giving the drives a little brush down, plugging them into electricity with just the assumption that it's "good enough" (most computer repair shops are not going to have the expertise you require, you need top quality specialists).
And what you don't want, is someone plugging the drives into a computer and simply mounting the device and browsing around it, like you normally would as a user.
That is a very dangerous thing to do, and must not be done.
If this is done, and the drive is corrupt in any way, your recoverable data could be damaged and made irrecoverable. With no warning, just like that. What they will instead do, is use a special operating system that knows not to write anything whatsoever to the drive, or give it any sort of indication that anything like that should occur under any circumstances, and instead, the data is going to be read, bit by bit and stored as a .IMG file on a different drive altogether (or similar binary format that preserves every iota of what the device reports is present on the drive).
And even this, in the case of the mechanical drive, is not good enough. You see, mechanical drives are, mechanical. The little needle that hovers over the disk, it has an electromagnetic component that performs read/writes. That magnet can destroy the data, if the drive is not functioning as it should. Which may well be the case.
Therefore, again, a specialist is going to most likely need to, in a special lab with no dirt/dust, or static (or at least, an extremely clean environment), whilst wearing an anti-static wristband that is attached to something appropriate, and on an anti-static mat (do not attempt this at home!) take the drive apart and put the metal platter inside an identical hard drive.
You mention you don't have the money to do any of this.
OK, fine. Place each item in an anti-static bag. BTW, careful how you treat that SSD drive! If in doubt, get some clean new rubber washing up gloves and only handle it lightly with those (if you're not sure how else to deal with static. You can aswell as this touch a radiator to discharge static to some extent). Seal the anti-static bags. Place them all in a box, with crumpled up newspaper around them to protect them as much as you can. Seal up the box, and put it somewhere safe. Save up $3000, hire some professionals. They might not cost that much, I don't know.
I lost a bunch of bitcoin in the past too. Not in the fire, was very lucky with that actually, my cat survived! Hope this helps.
@_date: 2017-08-02 13:17:59
Bitcoin is (in answer to your question, what is digital gold; scarce capped supply etc). There has never been anything stopping someone from forking the bitcoin project on GitHub, modifying the consensus rules, booting up some nodes running this new version on AWS ( connecting some miners that I and a friend own (Bitcoin.com mining pool and ViaBTC) this is why Coinbase decided not to list the coin - it lends a little legitimacy to the idea that you can do this.
However, some people with very deep pockets are liquidating some of their BTC position (don't worry, Bitcoin market volume depth is far beyond ATHs and has been for months, it can handle it - that's why the price has barely moved today), and buying into the extremely thin BCH market, to make it appear that "$9 billion has appeared out of thin air".
It's not quite the same (these have been distributed using BTC's UTXO set rather than a premine), but the same logic applies: if I premine 1,000,000,000,000 coins, distribute them for free, and then buy 100,000 of them at $670 each, what are the other 9,999,999,999,900,000 now worth?
What everyone's watching, with regards to BCH price action today, is no different from what plays out several times a month at Poloniex with whatever coin is being pumped. The only difference is, the pumper has very deep pockets. We'll see how invested he is in this idea ( - looks like a guy willing to risk everything, so I'm betting there's at least $50m of free money to go round).
Incidentally. Once I sell (I haven't yet, this segwit delay has pissed me off, I'm going to take my full compensation), I will not be rebuying - I do not want to create buy volume in this market. If I want to speculate on something other than Bitcoin, I suppose I'll pick some alt with a decent support base, not rely on Roger to bail me out when all the BTC holders dump their free BCH.
Incidentally, in my opinion, there's no rush to sell - most people probably don't know how to split their coins, and exchanges are going to have trouble accepting deposits for quite some time. And Coinbase/Poloniex haven't given their balance holders any (yet?).
@_date: 2017-08-04 15:39:25
Warning to those shorting:
Beware huge buy walls, like the 1000 BCH wall at $250 on Bitfinex.
If it is eaten, the price may not collapse (then again, it might).
Instead, it might have been placed there intentionally, to look like a nice snack to a big hungry whale (and actually, if I were a hungry whale, I probably would eat that 1000 BCH wall at $250 on Bitfinex, yum yum). But the reason for my warning: once it's been eaten, the next move may well be to unleash buy orders for a few thousand BCH, in an attempt to take advantage that the sell pressure has, perhaps, momentarily exhausted itself, to drive the price up substantially.
So what I suppose I'm trying to say is, feel free to feast with your own free BCH's, but careful with the assumption that you will be able to exit your short (by placing a buy order) profitably. Just my opinion, I could be completely wrong.
And... the flipside of this. Should you put off selling, because there's "big" (not really; there's over 10M BCH in existence) buy walls at present? Only if you believe the people buying have the funds to keep this going. What I see, is that the sell demand is real demand, the buy action, I'm much less sure that that truly represents the market at large's hunger for BCH.
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:14:27
Is bit rot a problem with these? Better keep that recovery piece of paper somewhere safe. Also, as the recent guy whose house burned down proves, don't keep backups anywhere near the thing being backed up. I recommend one of those metal thingys.
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:57:46
I don't approve of the name Bitcoin being stolen by forks. So unless you can get 95% consensus amongst the other Bitcoin holders...
@_date: 2017-08-01 18:33:19
Why all the hate? Even if it is expensive, if this was in my neighbourhood, I would occasionally make use of it.
Why? Well, if it stays open, and is successful, there will be more.
And what does that mean? Street presence, impulse purchases (same reason "expensive" Bitcoin ATMs are good - they lead to impulse buys, and inquisitive minds dipping their toes in the water).
@_date: 2017-08-03 07:53:31
Over 51% of hashrate.
@_date: 2017-08-01 14:59:29
Agreed, a $100 movement is a ten cents movement in the mBTC price. It's only because we continue to use this ridiculous 1 BTC : 2700 USD measurement, instead of 1 mBTC : 2.70 USD. I suppose I'll just have to put up with it until we've spent at least a year above 1 mBTC : 5 USD.
@_date: 2017-08-04 20:51:28
This isn't a normal market, though - if even 1 million of the 10 million+ BCH are sold over the next fortnight, the buyers better have $264 million to hand, else the price will go lower. If 3 million are sold...
@_date: 2017-08-04 11:52:21
I meant to write "any". It depends on the policy, whether it covers contents, electrical goods etc. Under the policy I had these items were covered and replaced. If I had had Bitcoin on some drive though, they wouldn't have helped me with that at all.
@_date: 2017-08-02 00:35:31
I'd prefer if we'd achieved the same result with sidechains or extension blocks. Maybe we will, in the future. I don't see BitcoinABC (AsicBoost Coin) lasting very long.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:08:25
Haha, I have more advice, and this is much more opinionated, but I think it's good advice. The second that block is mined, and your funds are on the exchange, it's time to sell. You'll probably get best value with a market order. Especially if this is the first block that has been mined in over an hour.
@_date: 2017-08-02 14:01:06
Incidentally. I feel somewhat bad about this whole episode - I have myself lost a lot of money trading in the past, and Roger strongly believes in what he believes in, and, I would feel terrible if I heard he committed suicide or something. "Random people on the Internet" can be pretty mean. I thank Roger for all he did for Bitcoin in its early days, the reason I oppose Bitcoin Cash is primarily that larger blocks will only scale the transaction capacity linearly, and we need ways to scale capacity exponentially.
@_date: 2017-08-04 10:19:07
If many other people are in this same boat, perhaps someone should create and sell a tool.
@_date: 2017-08-04 17:53:23
I don't wish to provide funding  for miners to continue mining this fork, I don't wish to provide encouragement to people who think about creating Bitcoin Chocolate Edition, Bitcoin Unleaded, or Double Double Bitcoin. Sorry, I have no intention of spending my hard earned money on "new Bitcoin versions".
@_date: 2017-08-04 16:01:43
I don't know, but whoever it is, surely they will eventually run out of money - there's over 10 million BCH, total volume is far, far less than that so far. Assuming 10% of the BCH (at least 1 million, that would be) will be sold within a fortnight, you'd better hope their budget is at least $250 million (even this wouldn't be enough, with the prices they've been paying).
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:23:59
Hi, am glad you've mentioned this - I have a spare SSD sitting in a drawer for the past months (long story) with some files on it, will have to check there's nothing on there irreplaceable like photos.
@_date: 2017-08-03 16:46:03
Thanks :)
@_date: 2017-07-31 22:00:02
And now there's a 1000 XBT sell wall. Which doesn't mean it's time to sell, just means, whoever's buying wants anyone who's selling to sell now, for as little as they can get hold of your coins for as you're willing to sell them for ;).
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:22:39
Cryptic messages in currency codes, that wouldn't be a first. Take SOS, or BAM.
@_date: 2017-07-31 15:22:35
Cryptic messages in currency codes, that wouldn't be a first. Take SOS, or BAM.
@_date: 2017-07-31 21:33:02
Your private keys, that are either stored in your mobile device, or is in the custody of the wallet operator (depending on which you are using, e.g. Mycelium, CoPay, BreadWallet, you have the keys), they will continue to be required to sign a transaction to move your bitcoin to a different address.
Bitcoin Cash will be mining a block using different consensus rules, and that block will be invalid on the chain that has existed for many years now, which means their blockchain will "fork" away from the Bitcoin blockchain - Bitcoin Nodes will recognize the blocks as invalid, and it will be up to them not only to mine the blocks in a decentralized fashion, but also to have a decentralized network of nodes validating that the consensus rules (things like the 21m cap) are being obeyed. Jihan has mentioned he doesn't believe there should be a 21m cap, so perhaps they will get rid of that on their new altcoin. One thing at a time.
The block they mine tomorrow, and the blocks they mine on top of that one, will be based upon the same "state" that the bitcoin blockchain is in today, and anyone who holds private keys will be able to use those to sign transactions to move coins (or, unspent outputs technically), on the Bitcoin blockchain, or Bitcoin Cash on the Bitcoin Cash blockchain.
Movements of coins on one chain will have no effect on movements on the other chain.
Further, there is "replay-protection", which means if you make a payment on one chain or the other, no-one can take that signed transaction request and replay it on the other chain, to make that same movement occur on the other chain.
As others have said, nothing changes, with regards to your Bitcoin. This is something else that's new and unrelated.
By the way, have you claimed your free Lumens and Byteball? They run giveaways too.