@_author: throwawayforareas0n
@_date: 2013-03-27 04:21:25
They do this because they have to get the data from 'somewhere'.  It's also possible to provide a feed that is averaged across providers, but then it's more expensive and there can be licensing issues.  This data is not free.
@_date: 2013-03-29 03:10:52
Playing devil's advocate here. 
Copper is too soft.  In a house fire, the heat would not be a problem, but a falling wooden beam scraping the numbers off is fairly likely.  I would just write the key on three pieces of paper, and store them in three locations.  If all three locations burn down on the same day, you have bigger problems than bitcoin can solve.
@_date: 2013-03-27 04:18:56
The data is there, but the time-stamps are modified down to the point where you can have multiple transactions all at the same time which is painful to deal with because you can't see what the most recent trade is.
@_date: 2013-03-28 04:35:29
Buying all the bitcoins up as they become available, or similar scheme.
@_date: 2013-03-27 03:25:26
I don't work at Google (I used to!) but I do work at one of the companies that aggregates and resells this kind of data.
What happens here is the exchange will provide the data in real-time or delayed plus all historical data to our company.  We then stick it in a database and provide it to banks, institutions, retail trading sites etc.  The data is licensed directly from us, or directly from the vendor to the client depending on the vendor.
Google has a few options - they probably buy it all (all the FX trade data) from one place, and that place would have to offer the bitcoin exchange rate in their feed.  That would only happen if they were already bringing in the feed from mtgox and/or some other exchange.  Google could also tap the feeds directly themselves and not use a third party but there's a lot of work involved for a one-off so I doubt they would bother.
You're wondering if we have this feed in place where I work?  Not yet.  It's in progress, but no client has ever asked for it.  I did mention it to a large bank recently and they laughed a little, only noting that they were aware of bitcoin, and we moved on to talking about other stuff.
On using the bitcoincharts.com API (saw that mentioned in the comments somewhere)- they only allow hits once every 15 minutes, and they have destroyed all the timestamps on the data so you can't get proper granularity.  It's a shame, but we are using their feed as our proof of concept because it is very basic.  MtGox has the nicest API, but it's more work to bring their one in directly and no resources are allocated to this yet.
So... there are some of us making it happen, but progress is slow and steady and no clients have asked for it yet.