@_author: throwawaybtc321
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:15:15
Throwaway for reasons. 
I used to play a mmorpg with a friend who was a network admin or something. He was taking care of servers. All day long servers. He had a lot of free time and free storage and stuff so he used to host our teamspeak server, our forums and so on. He starting blabbing on irc about bitcoin and trying to explain it to us and what it did and so on. No one cared. Literally no one. We were talking a lot and he bugged me so much that I loaned him something around 1000euros and he told me he'd give me bitcoins as collateral(I think we calculated btc at around 2-3$). He made a wallet, address, whatever and kept it there. The deal was that if btc didn't go up in price I'd give him back the btc and he'd give me the money as soon as he had it. Dude used the money I gave him and other money he had to start selling old hardware he had from work(hdd and network gear) for btc and then started hosting other team speak servers and forums in return for btc. I sold the btc at around 11-13$ and then invested again because he kept talking about it and sold in the 20-29$ range. I wasn't interested because I didn't need any hosting, you couldn't get anything in Europe with BTC, my bank was curious about the money, I didn't understand btc at all and how it had any value and buying it, holding it etc required some work which was a problem for me. The price went up and down like crazy. I was just thinking it was something novelty and people would be bored so I was happy to make some money out of it.
I stopped playing the game and we just talked once every few months to see how we're doing. When BTC hit 1000$ I talked to him and he told me that things were really fine, he had bought homes and cars for his family, he was doing a lot of BTC related stuff and kept telling me that even at 1000$ it wasn't too late. Prices dropped soon after and I lost interest again thinking it was going to die for sure. 
Over the years I kept thinking "what if" especially when I saw pics of the range rover he had bought for his dad or some news article that talked about new highs in the price...but always I said "this will die soon, people will lose money, look how much X and Y scammed, etc" I never saw it as a possible investment.. Sometimes I feel like shit. It felt especially bad when I saw that some BTC I got on reddit and left in a wallet(0.025 that was around 5$ a few years ago) is close to 300$ now. My life could have been different but i had no way to see how things would evolve as I did not see any potential in the idea. 
Some people did and I feel happy for them. I do not think about it too much. I am terribly sorry for people that have suffered because of this, but it really isn't worth wasting time thinking about missing opportunities, learn from it and move on.
Sorry for your loss, OP. 