@_author: throwaway172992
@_date: 2018-03-03 23:04:17
You could have just said "I have no idea what the black-scholes equation or the solow growth model are." that would have been enough. :)
@_date: 2018-03-31 15:24:22
If you read the comment you can see that I clearly stated the government gets the funding by taking loans out.  The US government is in debt (don't start talking about that please, debt hounds give me a headache) so there is no surplus for them to draw on to fund Keynesian spending.  In times of recession, the government is not drawing on the funds from the people.  The only way to it then is through quantitative easing or by taking loans.  Quantitative easing isn't stealing money either.  All it is is the central bank buying government bonds, which lowers the interest rate, and it injects cash into the economy, which raises the inflation rate.  Now I know inflation is a dirty word on this sub, but bear with me; Inflation, at approximately 2%, is good and is a sign of a healthy, growing economy.  Where in that is the part where you think the federal reserve takes your hard earned cash?  Is it the lower interest rates and higher inflation?
Before I address your socialism point, I need to clear something up.  Socialism occurs after the means of production have been seized. Not before.  The UK is in no way socialist.  You can ask Barclays if you really want.  And even disregarding that, the UK was doing very well before the crash despite the economic differences between the US and UK government styles.  The difference is how they handled the crash.  Austerity simply was not the right choice given the circumstances.
As I said before, sure, you can make the argument that the bailout lead to crony capitalism, but that is a negative side effect I am willing to accept given the results.  The 2008 recession was the worst downturn since the great depression and we managed to get out of it faster than many of the lesser downturns.  
Again, the only other option during the recession, given that austerity was ineffective, was to do nothing.  And while I said previously that this is likely to be more efficient in the long run, there is a trade off to be made where we can trade economic efficiency for time out of a recession. In the long run we are all dead.
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:43:10
Well yes, that is an important lesson in economics, and I never claimed otherwise.  Nuance is lost on him so I figured I might as well show that he knew nothing about what he was talking about.
@_date: 2018-03-30 21:43:14
Keynesian spending done right is accompanied by lowering taxes.  By doing this the government both pushes businesses to produce more by injecting cash into the economy, and incentivizes consumers to spend more by making goods cheaper.
Then, when the economy does well the government lowers spending because it is no longer needed as private businesses can fill in the gaps and stand on their own legs, and it increases taxes to pay down the debt caused by deficit spending.
The extra money spent paying down the interest on the loan is the crux of Keynesian spending, not whether the spending itself works.  Whether or not deficit spending should be done is fairly simple when you have all the data available in the economy and can evaluate what level of spending will reinvigorate the economy and how long that reinvigoration will take.
In the long run we are all dead, comrade.
@_date: 2019-01-24 22:48:20
It's alright you'll learn when you're older
@_date: 2018-03-31 17:06:52
The government doesn't get the money though, the debt holders do. And it isn't so simple as to look at the amount of debt created. Pulling the economy out of a recession through a bailout increases the amount of wealth per capita.  So, in order to correctly evaluate, you need to look at the amount of debt created per person and then compare that to the increase in wealth and amount of wealth saved by pulling the economy out of recession.
@_date: 2019-01-25 16:45:40
Voltaire in all likelihood did not say that.
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:14:55
Yes Keynes is nonsensical.  That's why when the US government used a mix of Keynes and Friedman's policies in 2008 and injected large amounts of money into the US economy it didn't work and the US and the rest of the world economy collapsed and we now live in an ancap society.  Oh wait.  That didn't happen, I lied.  The US economy rebounded and is back on the path it would have been on if the recession never happened in the first place.
@_date: 2018-03-30 14:42:06
Three rubles have been deposited into your account, comrade.  Родина благодарит вас.
@_date: 2019-01-23 04:45:57
Funny, those are all things that would drive someone away from investing in bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:39:32
Explain the effect the black-scholes model had on the price of options.  More specifically, how did their model reconcile issues with the previous binomial ways options were priced :^)
@_date: 2019-01-19 01:36:09
You have no idea what you are talking about.
@_date: 2018-03-03 19:52:58
Investing in bitcoin isn't privilege.  Believing that the state is useless because you have never and will never face any real adversity in your life due to the circumstances of your birth, however, is.  I've done perfectly well without bitcoin with options on Nvidia and weed stocks, believe it or not there is more to finance than the 10% you can expect from the market baseline ;)
Edit: Actually this will be too fun not to ask - In the context of an IS-LM model, please explain why you think that Keynes to you is equivalent to a comparison between Du Fay and Einstein.
@_date: 2018-03-30 16:02:16
I cannot tell if
you are typing a haiku
or replying to me
Родина благодарит вас
@_date: 2019-01-26 00:55:12
Ah how could I forget the great Austrian economist hailing from Mexico, Jesus H Christ.
@_date: 2018-03-03 19:07:00
Are you actually comparing yourself to Einstein? Come off it mate.  This is a sub about memecoin.
Edit: Upon looking at your comment history it looks like you are an ancap.  I guess being 16 and born into privilege does explain why you are so tone deaf at least.
@_date: 2018-03-31 04:45:02


What? Keynesian spending is a transfer of capital from the government to selected businesses in order to stimulate the economy.  The spending is financed by taking loans from other governments because it is typically only done in times of recession when raising taxes is damaging to the economy.  This is literally the opposite of moving capital from the hands of the people to the government.  You can make the argument that this is highly likely to lead to "crony capitalism" as you call it, but as far as where the money ends up, it is in the hands of people and businesses.
Again, we've seen examples of Keynesian spending working in the past.  Compare the EU, which opted for austerity, to the USA which opted for the bailout.  The USA recovered much more quickly than the EU in large part because austerity proved to be ineffective when compared to the bailout.  Seeing as austerity is cutting spending and increasing taxes, and Keynesian spending is cutting taxes and increasing spending, the only other alternative would be to simply do nothing.  I admit, doing nothing would eventually get the job done, and there are arguments to be made that it would do the job the best, in the long run at least, but I remind you; In the long run we are all dead.
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:57:33
Et tu, Brute?
Explain the significance of chaos in the solow growth model and how this can be used to explain why smaller countries grow faster than larger ones
@_date: 2018-03-03 22:05:47
I think you mistook what I meant, or I didn't want to spend time elaborating.  What I think you thought I said was that it was possible to routinely beat the market.  I do not think this.  I don't want to spend much time elaborating, but just know that I acknowledge that attempting to beat the market every year is a fools game.
@_date: 2018-03-31 18:09:12
You are correct.  You can't spend your way into wealth; In the long term.
The market makes no distinction between dollars which came from the government and dollars which naturally flowed through the market.  Additionally, note that the cost of government borrowing is only felt in the long term because of how government debt securities work.  When you combine these two things then it becomes clear that endless government spending will eventually lead to financial ruin because eventually the debt will catch up to and out pace the ability to stimulate the economy through spending.
In the short term, however, it is entirely possible for the government to inject a large amount of funds into the economy financed by debt and see a large positive impact on the economy.  This is, of course, contingent on the created positive impact being greater than the eventual value of the debt when it comes time to pay it back, but that is a different discussion entirely.
And you are correct, the government itself cannot directly create wealth, at least not at the rate that businesses can.  The way that wealth is created when Keynesian spending is done is through businesses.  Keynesian spending is essentially a jump start to the economy.  Going back to what I said previously, it invigorates businesses by either giving them money or giving them a new large customer in the form of the government.  This new investment allows the business to keep its employees on board instead of laying them off.  By doing this, the government is in essence preserving wealth by keeping people in their jobs, and creating wealth by enabling businesses to expand.
@_date: 2018-03-03 21:17:10
This guy is super funny.  It's pretty neat being able to see the effect of having an infinite amount of information on someone who's around 14-16 years old.  All the arrogance or a teenager, none of the knowledge (or understanding of mathematics) required to understand what he's talking about.  There's a 99% chance he hasn't even taken a basic course on functions yet, let alone calculus, and he's already decided that he's right and literally all of economics is wrong.