@_author: throwawaygonnathrow
@_date: 2013-04-29 21:19:08
It's the very fact that it can freely go monitored that will prevent it from ever being allowed as a widely used currency.  It can dodge taxation and monitoring by the government... And the government will not allow that.
@_date: 2013-04-10 23:04:05
Lol, right... A currency whose entire volume is  less (or more depending on the bubble... today is proof that it changes by the hour) than two billion dollars will start being accepted by a company whose market cap is over 120 billion.  Not to mention that you think Uncle Sam (and every government in the world for that matter) will just allow a whole alternate currency system to exist untaxed and uncontrolled.  Any legitimate retailer that tries to accept bitcoin will be stomped by government.  It has potential as a black market currency and as a barter item but if you think amazon will start accepting it keep dreaming.
@_date: 2013-04-11 20:35:13
Literally every government on earth.
@_date: 2013-04-29 22:52:17
The point isn't so much that, rather that it won't be allowed for mass use.  For example consider the things that this sub advocates and pushes for constantly... Forcing merchants to allow customers to pay with bitcoin.  For example, people here think that PayPal integration would be the holy grail, or amazon acceptance, or any large corporate entity really.  Say it gets to the point where one corporation goes "ok sure!"  Do you think the government will allow that to happen?  A form of non fiat currency (directly usurping the sole authority government) that can be easily concealed from taxation?  
For that matter, what about credit cards?  Do you think their lobbyists will allow this to continue?  For that matter, what about average Joes like me who don't use or accept bitcoin.  Do you think we will cheerfully accept a world where one group of people is allowed to keep a shadow currency which avoids transaction taxes and monitoring that the rest of us are subject to? What if someone puts their assets into bitcoin to evade collection on taxes, child support, liability from civil claims, etc.?  
Even if any government tolerated the existence of a second currency (they won't), one that is untraceable would be particularly repulsive to their sensibilities.  So, the government can use various justifications (or pass new laws if necessary) that bars businesses from accepting bitcoin as payment.  Laws against tax evasion, money laundering, etc. could all apply. Since it is pretty risky to accept even without the government hating it (and represents a piddling amount of actual money), why would any actual merchant accept it?  
Bitcoin has a future... As a shadow currency.  You can use it to buy drugs on Silk Road... Use it to pay Internet freelancers and small businesses who want some media attention... But it will never break out of the niche.  It can't go "mainstream."
