@_author: throwalew
@_date: 2013-11-19 00:34:04
The true issue is that the article linked by Google is possible the worst article for idiots seeking information about Bitcoin ever.


Not untraceable, unidentifiable. There's a big difference. All bitcoins can be traced from where they are to their source block (aka where it was minted). The only thing that isn't identifiable is who owns the bitcoins being transacted at any given moment.


Unlike banks, wallet firms won't invest your money. Nor do they guarantee the same protections afforded banks by institutions like the FDIC. 
Except you don't have to use an online "wallet." There are many offline solutions as well. 


Except it's no longer anonymous because you know it's the seller's wallet...
@_date: 2013-11-17 03:23:52


Not an untruth but rather an opinion. Yes I understand the statement "stealing prosperity from tomorrow to spend it today" is a bit extreme but it's to get a point across.


Not an untruth. Nowhere does it say "only banks can buy government bonds." The video simply states that banks do.


Say I buy a bond which pays 1000$ in 10 years. Say this bond cost me 900$. In 10 years I redeem this bond for a check from the federal reserve for 1000$. Where did the 100$ come from? This adds to our debt. The government made that money from essentially thin air.


This is not an untruth... I don't even understand what he's getting at here. According to the video, which is the truth, banks are allowed to loan out your money which you deposit into them.






I'm not sure why he is bringing up this "newly created money 9 times that of the deposit." That is simply false. The banks can, however, indefinitely repeat the process of loaning out money which is deposited to them. This loaned money is real money.


Debt does not create inflation; but that is not what the video is talking about. The inflation comes from the loans which the banks should not be authorized to give.


Here's an example I like to give about debt: Let's say there are 3 people. Person A, Person B, and Person C. Person A owes Person B 100$. Person B owes Person C 100$. Person C owes Person A 100$. In this system there is 300$ of debt. Person A works hard make 100$. Then Person A pays off Person B with that 100$. Person B then takes that 100$ to pay off Person C with 100$. Now Person C takes that 100$ and pays off Person A with 100$. Now the overall debt is 0 and the amount of money circulating the system was only 100$. How did we eliminate 300$ of debt with 100$? 


I need a citation here. This is straight up lies. I just proved that debt can be paid off without the currency to exist.


How is that an untruth? We have people making money off the federal reserve; that's the true crime here.
@_date: 2013-11-18 21:21:08
It's funny how these government officials keep interchanging the words virtual currency and digital currency.
There is a big difference between "virtual" and "digital":
Virtual: 


2. Existing in the mind, especially as a product of the imagination. Used in literary criticism of a text.
3. Computer Science Created, simulated, or carried on by means of a computer or computer network: virtual conversations in a chatroom.
Digital: 


b. Operated or done with the fingers: a digital switch. c. Having digits.
2. Expressed in discrete numerical form, especially for use by a computer or other electronic device: digital information.
3. Electronics
a. Relating to or being a device that can generate, record, process, receive, transmit, or display information that is represented in discrete numerical form.
b. Relating to or being a service that provides information expressed in discrete numerical form: We subscribe to digital cable.
4. Relating to or being a profession or activity that is performed using digital devices: a digital librarian; digital photography.
5. Using or giving a reading in digits: a digital clock.
6. Characterized by widespread use of computers: living in the digital age.
Virtual currency refers to the idea that the object in question is not true currency but rather simulating currency.
Digital currency refers to the idea that the object in question is dealt with digitally as opposed to analog.
Edit: Changing the blame from the OP to the speakers. I was not intending to tell OP he was wrong.