@_author: throwawaykdlasxkasxm
@_date: 2014-02-07 20:29:38
When you send money using Bitcoin (create a transaction), what you do is create a message saying "I want to send 1BTC to throwawaykdlasxkasxm", sign it with your private key (so everyone in the network can verify that it's you who made the transaction but can't forge it), and broadcast it to the peer to peer network.
This creates a problem, because at the exact same time, you may create another transaction with the message "I want to send 1BTC to teraflop" and also broadcast it to the peer to peer network.
If you do so, you may [double spend]( the same Bitcoin multiple times by doing so if some nodes of the network receive your first message and some nodes receive your second message.
So we need some way to decide which one of your transactions is accepted and which is rejected. The key insight here is that it must be *expensive* to decide which one of your transactions is accepted and which one is rejected, because otherwise some part of the network would be saying forever that your first transaction is valid, some part of the network would be saying forever that your second transaction is valid, and there would be no way to sort the mess you created.
To solve this, some nodes in the network (the miners) are the ones who decide which transactions are accepted and which are rejected. As they receive transactions, they add it to a list of transactions, as long as it's consistent (so a miner would include either your first or your second transaction in his list, but not both). However, in order for them to be able to send their list of transactions to the network and have it accepted, they must also include the solution to a very hard math problem (which uses a lot of CPU to solve, so it's expensive) in their message. This is what a block is: A list of transactions to be accepted, along with the solution of a very hard math problem that proves that the miner has spent a lot of resources so it has paid the price for their list of transactions to be accepted.^1
Each block also includes a reference to a previous block, so a chain of blocks will be created. This is what is called the blockchain, the global transaction list of Bitcoin. In order to reach consensus, the clients will always accept the longest chain of blocks which they see, which is usually the same for everyone in the network, even though for some seconds/minutes it may not be (this is the confirmation time. each time a block is chained to a block including your transaction, a "confirmation" is added to it).
^1: Side node: Miners get paid a block reward and transaction fees to compensate for the resources they have spent solving the math problem.