@_author: throwaway-no-way
@_date: 2015-09-03 05:17:46
They probably abandoned pursuit of payment processing as a revenue model in 2014, when [they dropped their fees to 0%](  With their efforts in open source, including Bitcore and its many subprojects, they made probably a big change of plan after the November 2013 bubble.
Around the same time, it appears that Tony Gallippi was made no longer the CEO and replaced by Stephen Pair, who was an IBM engineer and before then the CTO of Bitpay. This move might also suggest a transition to a more technical approach to a revenue model, not unlike how IBM transformed the business world in the precursor to the personal computing industry.  While this would be a welcome change from a business-services approach previously indicated by Bitpay, who knows if this will actually work....
At least until recently, it seems this meant Bitpay was focusing more and more on supporting the community of Bitcoin developers and entrepreneurs, a reasonable strategy from their previous position as a market leader in the Bitcoin sytem....  However, it appears that Eric Martindale, who [(I think?) spoke on behalf of Bitpay's developer efforts previously]( [is no longer working at the company]( leaving the intent of the company unclear without a leader for their efforts in the technical community.  It remains unclear as to whether his departure is related to [Bitpay's layoffs after the Bitcoin Bowl]( or something else,
Other former Bitpay employees, including Manuel and Jeff, are also now working on other projects like Streamium and Space Satelites...  A LinkedIn search shows 71 current employees.....AFAIK the biggest bitcoin company to date !
Eric mentions a number of projects that Bitpay has now apparently abandoned, including Foxtrot and ChainDB, which have received no updates since his post!!  However, Copay and Bitcore continue to receive updates (just follow [their github account]( maybe a focus on consumer applications.  Circle and Coinbase are already attempting to control this market in the US, so in combination with [the recent regulatory restrictions]( it is unclear as to whether Bitpay will break into this space.
If it weren't for [their recent comments about working with the banks in place of pursuing payment processing]( we'd be leaving the Bitpay story without an indicator of direction.....
Sorry, much longer than I thought, but thinking about how many companies we lose lately...