@_author: throwaway1558889
@_date: 2018-01-31 01:11:55
What country is that? 
Edit: I hate taxes as much as the next person but drop the passive aggressive (aggressive?) put down shit. 
America has its shortcomings but for a country our size (you probably live somewhere in EU) taxes are necessary to maintain a standard of life and holistic function. I mean, taxes are needed anywhere, really, and are on average much higher in EU - so not sure what you're getting at. Yeah our gov. can be intrusive and we have a lot to work on. But *just* with regards to taxes, if America didn't have taxes to fund its military and you live anywhere in Europe, or really anywhere at all, then we'd likely be living in a world where Hitler won. 
Perhaps that potential example is far too hyperbolic - I don't really know, I'm very hungry - but makes sense at the moment. 
@_date: 2018-01-30 23:56:58
But if you're a US citizen, you can't just go open an acct. in monaco, right? I thought you're required to pay taxes anywhere in the world, unless you legally denounce citizenship
@_date: 2017-09-13 20:28:33
this is like asking if its worth buying a semi-truck full of lumber. there's a lot of things you could do with the lumber, but it depends on the person, their knowledge, their future plans, their ability, etc. 
I'm new to cryptos and bitcoins. I got in just before it went up about 1K in june. Needless to say, learning the ropes in a bull market is both exciting and misleading. 
Now that its dipped, I've continued to dollar cost average this whole time. if you don't know what dollar cost averaging is, look it up. there's a lot to learn, and I'm not nearly an expert yet. in fact, I know very little. 
that said, asking such generic questions will get you a bunch of varied responses, and likely some irritation. 
after watching this sub for a few months now, the following questions don't really help anyone, and certainly wont help you. if you do a search, you'll find the same answers to questions that you will likely receive on this post - if people bother to answer. examples include:
- "is it too late to get into BTC?"
- "should I invest X amount?" 
- "will BTC go down or up in X time?"
- "is it too late to make money on BTC?"
- "should I hold or sell for X reason?" 
..... you get the idea. the truth is, no one really knows. I'm not selling. I have about 4-5 K invested in cryptos and I have no job currently - I'm a recent college grad with a good chunk of change in the bank from various sources, including some "privilege" money and this is a good lesson to teach me about investing / finance (I also have a lot of money invested in stocks that my dad helps me manage). I don't say this to brag and it might not be entirely relevant. 
There is some merit to buying in what appears to be a dip caused by media, lack of confidence in BTC, negative press. I've read that this is less of a correction and more of a dip. It is noteworthy that its down to 3700 right now, so buying now could help. but if you buy now it could likely dip even more. if you believe the popular rhetoric about BTC being a "money badger" then it doesn't matter when you buy - this is why dollar cost averaging is so highly recommended - it reduces risk and lowers the *average* cost of each investment, over time. 
in other words, you should buy some now in what could be a dip so you can potentially profit when it goes back up (I hope it does, and I hope it does soon!) and then continue to buy in small increments over time (DCA) regardless of price. if it starts zooming up you could increase your incremental buys slightly (but this is trying to time the market and is very hard, hence I return to my suggestion of DCA-ing). 
Again, I'm still a novice and if this post gets some more attention I'd love a more-seasoned vet to chime in and either agree / affirm with what I've been saying - or tear me a new asshole and explain why I'm wrong. 
Either way, if you want to get into this game, I would **definitely** set the hell up out of a coinbase account, get it all verified, get squared away with your bank account or debit card being linked, just to get that hassle over with so you don't have to scramble when you ultimately pull the trigger and start to buy. If you're in the USA (well you're not because I just reread the post and see the euro symbol) so I'm not sure coinbase is an option, but it has a low barrier to entry because its easy to use. So figure out the UK / EU equivalent to coinbase OR be even more responsible and take the time to learn how to use a more-complex platform. Either way, sign the hell up so you can buy when you want!
Good luck, it feels like everyone's trying to hold on through this dip so we can come out the other side even stronger. 
hope this helped a bit, I didn't plan on writing so much but it became a helpful exercise in summarizing my own knowledge / approach / plans and enabled beneficial self-reflection. 
I love you long time 
@_date: 2017-09-16 16:43:15
Can someone explain to me one thing? I have a relative who works for Morgan Stanley - they received notice that they are explicitly not allowed to A) buy bitcoin on behalf of clients and B) buy bitcoin for themselves personally. 
This image shows that they bought a large volume - I think - it's not in English so its hard to tell...I understand this is a record from some trading platform in Sweden - but could someone maybe explain what I don't know enough about to understand? 