@_author: throwawaybtcsatoshi
@_date: 2018-08-19 21:52:10
Until something like this happens, people will continue to put money into insecure altcoins (not just BCH).  It's human nature to be aware of a threat but become desensitized to it due to the threat never materializing.  The "it-would-never-happen-to-me" mentality is strong.  If these attacks become commonplace, I'm sure you'd see the "BTC dominance" metric absolutely skyrocket.  It's only a matter of time before someone creates an AttackAsAService (AaaS) business that [puts theoretical attacks]( into practice.
This is one reason why some people are BTC maximalists.  Whichever coin has the highest hashrate has the ability to destroy (and then absorb) the others.  "There can be only one."
@_date: 2018-08-19 12:02:48
Using a visual cue to supplement numerical values is an *excellent* idea.
This specific visual cue is sub-optimal, however.
Many posts here seem to miss the purpose of this idea.  The reason visual cues are so useful is because of the way humans process information.  If two things have a small difference visually, then our eyes tend to confuse them as being the same.  For example, having 1 decimal place vs 2 decimal places is a 100% visual increase, so we are likely to spot the difference.  From 8 to 9 decimal places, however, this is only a 12.5% visual increase, so our mind is easily tricked into thinking they are identical.  This is obviously a bad thing since both situations are the same order of magnitude different, so they should therefore receive the same level of cognitive separation.
Now on to this specific BIP solution.  Many types of visual cues can work (colors, symbols, etc.) and I personally agree that color is an excellent choice.  The problem, however, is that the contrast between sequential digits is being intentionally minimized when it should be maximized!  High contrast is easier to distinguish than low contrast.  Look at any charting software (e.g. Microsoft Excel, LibreOffice) and you'll see that each curve that you plot gets a color that is easily distinguished from all others.
A better solution would be to use well established color palettes (or techniques to create them) that provide a high contrast.  Since the goal is to standardize a color palette, for accessibility reasons, it should ideally be chosen to be accommodate for color blindness and possibly even achromatopsia (total color blindness).  Since there's a hard limit of 21 million coins, we only need 16 colors for the 16 digits (what a nice number!).  This is small enough that we should not need to worry about repeating colors.
The palette size can also be increased for sub-satoshi digits for use in the lightning network.  Ideally the palette size should be finalized at the time of standardization in order to maximize color contrast, but if necessary more colors can be added later at the expense of lower contrast.
tl;dr - Satoshi's vision was actually 4-bit color (16 max colors) with high contrast.