@_author: throwaway2448487
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:57:09
Yeah you're so right. As you can see from my other post I am bitter AF about my experience working with her. 
From my admittedly limited knowledge about Blockchain there seems to also be some significant points of technical failure but I'm pretty unfamiliar with the technology so I have no real idea whether they're likely to be enough to derail the entire thing. I also know nothing about jewelry but I thought it would be super easy to polish off any serial numbers and re-shape a diamond thereby making it fairly unidentifiable. 
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:38:56
Hmm yeah. It doesn't really offer any significant improvements over a database maintained by a trusted third party from what I can gather. As OP mentioned, Leanne had no idea about Blockchain before she met him and Edward so I'm fairly confident that she’s just regarding it as the latest craze she can capitalize on.
I can understand implementing a distributed ledger system for anything that you can trace back to the beginning. Like if you and I were to enter into a contract and sign it digitally, everyone who held a copy of the ledger that acknowledged our agreement and neither of us could go back on it. So perfect for ownership of a lot of things like property etc.
I don’t see how that could even vaguely be applied to diamonds. For a start only some of them have a serial number from what I’ve read. And they can be scanned for a “fingerprint” type thing with infrared - but polish that baby up and it’s a different stone that reflects light differently and now unserialized. Which means it wont be matched to the stolen one even if we can assume that every diamond sale or certification will be recorded using this private public ledger from now until infinite future date. Lol the entire power of the blockchain is supposed to come from its public nature and the fact that its distributed among everyone who wants it not just the people who pay for it. Good on her for trying to privatize that for money. I admire her entrepreneurial spirit.
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:25:01
Throwaway for obvious reasons. Haven’t seen her for a while, and certainly don’t want to. 
Leanne Kemp is a duplicitous parasite who shamelessly deceives, manipulates and exploits as a means of leaching every drop of genuine innovation out of a person, team or company before discarding them and beginning the search for a new host. If she’s to be congratulated on anything, it would have to be her ability to overcome her own baffling incompetence and her not-inconsiderable history of shitting on former colleagues to achieve a reputation for innovation and entrepreneurship. My negative feelings towards her aside, watching her effortlessly bullshit her way through a technical conversation despite a complete lack of any relevant domain knowledge whatsoever is a sight to behold.
As someone who has previously worked alongside Leanne, I can attest to her having this kind of attitude towards everyone she’s worked with. Having seen more than one partner having a brilliant idea, and seeking out Leanne’s “advice”, to find that Leanne ends up commercializing the idea without giving even a token of credit to their name. The most frightening part is that with her self proclaimed reputation as an entrepreneurial success, many people approach her with their ideas, leading to the cycle starting all over again.
TBH, every company that’s been credited to her name as part of her “serial entrepreneurship” has been a result of exactly what you’ve described. Her primary talent is conning other people into buying into ideas she’s taken from somewhere else and capitalizing on the trust of people she works with.
I would welcome someone who has time or could be truly bothered to really dig into her history, her apparent start-ups, publicly listed companies and find the truth and person behind these successes as I can be confident in saying - it was not her. 
TL;DR - I’m sorry she ripped you off and stole your idea but I’m not surprised. Seems to be her favorite hobby.
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:10:28
How does an "immutable public ledger" which is closed even work?
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:53:02
I've largely moved on really. Haha ..despite my comments in this thread. This has just brought it all rushing back. I'm mainly just disappointed that it's happened to someone else. I'm glad OP has made a post about it. I hope Crunch amends their article to acknowledge it if there is proof that they were part of the winning team. They deserve recognition for their work.
@_date: 2015-07-07 23:37:39
Is it for technical reasons that you think the project will fail, or just that you don't think there's a market?