@_author: throwaway382719
@_date: 2017-05-26 19:17:36
The vast majority of the purchasing power of gold comes from it's utility as a medium of exchange.
It's other commercial uses are *frustrated* by it's value as a medium of exchange. It is simple to see that demand for cross-purposes increases the price and thereby calculates the proportional *reduced* demand for any one purpose.
Because the price of gold is so high, it is less used in industry, and by that same token, the gold *used* in industry is not being held as a store of value.
It is the downward sloping demand curve which indicates the *negative utility* of mutually exclusive usages. Gold is not a better store of value because it can also be used to transmit electricity anymore than it is a better conductor of electricity because there are bars of it stored in safety deposit boxes.
This exact same absurdity arises when people insist that Ethereum is superior to Bitcoin because of it's other non-monetary uses. (Nevermind that Ethereum doesn't seem to be able to calculate anything that Bitcoin can't also calculate.)
It is important to recognize that the rise of the market price of an item indicates higher demand for the item, but it does *not* indicate that every purpose in a list of marginal utility is more valued.
Phew! Now that I got that out of the way.. (Which I think you agree with.)
I really wanted to point out that gold is superior to Bitcoin, as a store of value, in at least three very important ways;
1.) Gold is immutable. There can be no soft forks or hard forks, ever.
2.) Gold does not need any computers to "work".
3.) Gold has a very very old, so it has a very good reputation and is already thoroughly distributed among the market.
I think you have a better understanding of Bitcoin's economic value than most, but I think you really are shortchanging gold here.
Disclaimer; I'm *not* saying that gold is always superior to Bitcoin, just that gold has it's own advantages which Bitcoin isn't able to compete with anytime soon.