@_author: throwawaymentor1
@_date: 2017-12-04 13:29:12
If quantum computers appear out of thin air, they would make spending bitcoins from addresses where the public key is known possible, because you could calculate the private key and use it to spend UTXOs (unspent transaction outputs) sent to those addresses.
The public key is only known if someone makes it known (which is normally just fine, just like with email), or SPENDS funds sent to a Pay-To-PublicKeyHash output. This is the most common type of output. Just receiving funds to the same address twice is not a problem.
Why is it safe in that case? Bitcoin addresses are basically hashes of public keys. Even with a quantum computer, you cannot find a public key that corresponds to its hash, because hash functions won't be made insecure by them. Without the/a public key corresponding to the hash, you cannot derive the private key, and you cannot spend the funds.
If the quantum computer can tell the private key from the public key in a few seconds or minutes, that would also be problematic, because when you spend the funds, you also have to announce the public key. But if it was known that quantum computers can hack bitcoin public keys, one could create a scheme* (i.e. add code to bitcoin core) that allows the safe transferal of the coins to a new output that is only spendable with new crypto that is quantum computer resistant (it exists, but might be larger on the blockchain or require more computational power).
If quantum computers do not appear out of thin air, a special scheme would not be needed. You'd just transfer all your coins to that new address type long before quantum computers can compute your private key. As long as your transaction is confirmed on the blockchain before your private key is known, you don't lose any coins.
*The scheme could work like this: Announce to the network that you want to spend the UTXOs sent to address Y, and that they should arrive at X. This announcement is commited to the blockchain. For the next 100 (or more) blocks, only signed transactions doing precisely that will be allowed to be commited to the blockchain, else a block will not be accepted by the miners. If you are the rightful owner, you will release the signed transaction + public key, and if your transaction is commited early enough, you just saved your coins.
If you are a bad person, you can make the same announcement. That will effectively block the saving of coins for 100 (or more) blocks by the legitimate owner, but not allow the stealing of coins. But as the commitments are added by the miners, a bad person would have to always be first with their announcement just after the block expired. The rightful owner could thus just talk to a mining company and ask them to add their annoucement if they happen to mine block 101. The bad person could do this, too, and with every miner out there in the worst case, but if the miners require people to ID themselves, he can only get them to announce a fake announcement once or twice.
This is just an example scheme with big downsides, and meant to show that it could be done cryptographically safe despite the private key being hackable. This scheme would only be used for old public key hash addresses, the new addresses with the non-quantum computer hackable crypto would continue to work as before without this weird ass scheme.