@_author: throwaway5323942
@_date: 2015-02-11 18:14:34
So, I did the following.  This is for both backup and in the case of my death.  I have no kids right now and single, so I am playing the "dead rich uncle" game with my nieces and nephews.
I generated a bunch of addresses offline.  This was on a pretty fresh install of Linux on an old laptop, using a copy of bitaddress.org that I saved to USB.  I used Create Paper Wallet with Hide Artwork.  I made five wallets per page, printed them to PDF file.  I BIP38 encrypted them with pretty long (30-40 characters) somewhat-meaningful strings.  So I now have several sets of wallets, all BIP38 encrypted with different strings.  
In each set, I use the first address as a tester by sending some mbtc to it, and verified the private key and bip38 password worked.  This wasn't so bad because I just scanned the QR code of the private key from the PDF file onto my phone wallet, and entered in the password (I figure even if my phone has a key logger, which is unlikely, they won't know the other private keys).  This is just to give me a warm fuzzy that the private key and BIP38 password are good for the sets I created. I sent the bulk of my coins to the other addresses that were generated in each group.  I copied each of the BTC addresses into a text file to move over to my regular computer.  Don't care if anyone finds those, they're welcome to send me BTC.
I then created on a USB flash drive a bootable instance of Linux with an encrypted HDD (no swap drive).  I changed the background image to [something like this]( which was mostly done for kicks.  There's a single folder on the desktop and inside are those PDF files with the encrypted private wallets.
I shutdown from where I was booted into the encrypted USB flash and then dd copied the whole flash drive onto three other flash drives.  I've hidden these in objects with secret compartments at home and offsite.  
As a backup practice, every month or two I will verify one of them on a rotating basis by booting into it and ensuring I can view the PDF pages.   In order to gain access to the coins, a person would have to 1) find one of the USB 2) access the encrypted partition 3) have the right BIP38 key for the private keys.  
Now the crazy dead uncle fun part.  
In my will, I've bequeathed to my nephews/nieces the objects where I have the flash drives hidden.  For instance "To X, I leave you an [unopened can of miller high-life](    And to Y, I leave you a ...  And to Z, I leave you ...  May the swiftest and smartest of you all be enriched by these humble belongings of mine."
So, when I die, they'll get what looks like a piece of junk.  If they investigate it, rather than throw it out, they'll soon discover it contains a flash drive.  I've left clues for the HDD encryption password and the BIP38 password elsewhere.  If they figure it out, they'll have earned themselves (some undisclosed amount of BTC i have in cold storage).
It's not an automatic way of giving it to someone when I die.  But I'm going to make them fuckers work to earn my money.  And it's one last game I get to play.
