@_author: throwaway57823
@_date: 2017-12-21 16:24:32
I honestly don’t think it’s a high priority for them. Coinbase conducts the vast majority of its transactions off-chain. The on-chain transactions they care about and perform (to their hot-wallet for example) tend to be huge, so the transaction fees (as high as they are) are still negligible. If you’re a rich person sending million dollar transactions, then a $20-$30 fee (heck, even a $100 fee) is still worth it. Only the small to medium sized transactions are priced out.
You can also make the argument that high fees are keeping users on Coinbase. Core developers have argued that on-chain fees should remain high in order to keep the blockchain trim and incentivize users to adopt segwit and off-chain implementations like Lightning. You can think of Coinbase as a large and centralized Lightning node in this regard. Since Coinbase doesn’t charge users to transact within their network, users are highly incentivized to keep their crypto on Coinbase to avoid paying transaction fees.
I have talked to several noob friends about this. Most of them only invest small sums (after I introduced them to crypto), and I suspect that they’re very similar to Coinbase’s typical user demographic. They still send bitcoin frequently between each other using Coinbase, which is still free since they remain in the Coinbase network. In this sense, Coinbase is developing a business that is very similar to Venmo or Paypal.
When I tried to convince them to move their crypto onto a private wallet, they balked at moving their coins off Coinbase due to the high transaction fees. I tried to argue that using centralized services for bitcoin is missing the point, but they mostly ignored me. As the fees have increased, I’ve given up arguing because if you’re investing less than $1000 in bitcoin, it really doesn’t make that much sense to take your crypto off the exchanges due to the high fees.
In the past, Coinbase was pushing for a significant increase in the block size in order to facilitate much smaller transactions. However, they’ve given up on this for bitcoin and are now pursuing that vision with alt-coins. It is pretty hypocritical for them to not implement Segwit given how much they complained. However, they’re not in a hurry anymore because they realize that even if transaction fees are halved (to like $10), it is still too expensive to buy things day-to-day, so it wouldn't become a significant portion of their business.
Since there still exists a substantial amount of technical debt to overcome in order to develop Segwit, Coinbase put segwit on the back-end of its engineering backlog.
