@_author: throw-y-away-y
@_date: 2014-04-10 01:15:57
I'll bite.
I'm going to go ahead and say no, we won't stop asking for a Bitcoin 2.0. Bitcoin provided a great innovation we call the blockchain. Bitcoin is great at what it does, which is use this blockchain as a public ledger of ownership of bitcoins. It's NOT great at doing much else, save for a limited transaction scripting language. You can try to abstract things on top, but you run into 'issues' quite quickly when you want more complicated rules to be verifiable ala blockchain.
Take colored coins for instance. Very cool idea. People are working/have created this on top of Bitcoin. Great. But don't think there aren't issues. SPV clients, which are able to securely verify bitcoin payments without having to store the whole blockchain, cannot verify colored coin transactions, without AT LEAST a soft-fork to Bitcoin. So unless you feel like carrying around an entire blockchain on your phone to verify anything above a simple payment, you'll probably want a different system. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. 
Bitcoin's rules, its entire foundation, are just not meant for more advanced things than sending bitcoin with its simple scripting system.
Maybe blockchain 2.0 may be a better phrase, but in any case, it might help to read more, and curse less.
@_date: 2014-04-23 18:25:38
I think 'decentralized government' may be a limiting viewpoint to think about realistically.
I see the path toward a decentralized government as a more piecemeal process. Identify the systems that you want and need as a human, and align yourself with decentralized structures that can deliver those needs. If those structures/organizations don't exist, build them. As we redefine our interactions, we will find that our reliance on coercive centralized structures will naturally diminish.
Freedom from government happens in individual minds before it happens on a mass-scale. It expands and expresses itself physically through the participatory systems that individuals choose. 
What we've seen with the blockchain is a system with minimal underlying rules that allow for maximum flexibility and individual choice within those rules. This has effectively combined the ability for individual choice together with benefits of massive organizations of scale, providing a much more robust, flexible system than a system purely designed for global efficiency. As simple as it sounds, seek out structures that combine a foundation of human-level priorities, economically, with group-level benefits geared toward sharing/communication.
People will continue to disagree about a proper course of action, but waiting for a consensus to act or define action is antithetical to a decentralized decision-making structure. Meanwhile, as people bicker about the proper governance type, the world continues to spin, and individual actors continue to act, furthering their individual and group goals. The talkers will look back and see unsatisfactory progress, the walkers will snicker at all the fools who sat and watched their TV lifes.
tl;dr: act on your convictions, and just let mother nature and all her imperfection grow the 'fitter' model between decentralized systems adept at handling individual circumstances and top-down structures designed for predictable environments.