@_author: throwaway26572
@_date: 2017-06-09 04:23:23
Thanks for providing research links, but you're reading it wrong...
Your [first link]( isn't relevant. The title of that chart is "Battle death rate in state based conflicts by type (1946-2013)". Two problems. First, what that is showing is the death rate IN conflicts. The noticeably declining bars mean fewer people died, NOT that there were fewer wars. The OP quote references a "century of total war" not a century of total deaths. Say in future wars people sit behind computers where drones/robots fight (pretty close to today, actually) with zero human casualties, but there is constant war; that chart would misleadingly show 0%, even if there could be more war technically. Second, the dates are 1946-2013. The quote specifies a "century" of war, meaning you have to compare 100 year blocks of data - 1946 to 2013 is 67 years, which includes all the most recent 100 years of human existence (if you throw in up to today in 2017). So that chart doesn't make the point there is more (or less) war outside of our latest 100 years.
Your [third link]( is a Harvard professor speaking on a general topic saying: "Violence has declined by dramatic degrees all over the world in many spheres of behavior: genocide, war, human sacrifice, torture, slavery, and the treatment of racial minorities, women, children, and animals." The problem is this professor is making his case about violence in general, in which war is one category out of many, and where violence includes animals. It's easily possible for there to be more war in modern times but with an overall decline in absolute violence to life forms. So that link is again hardly relevant, if at all if we're interested in judging a "century" more or less war. 
Saving the best for last, your [second link]( IS relevant. It's measuring global deaths in conflicts since the year 1400. That's more like it! While not perfect we're at least measuring a long enough time frame (600 years) to make an argument. In this chart each pink circle represents one conflict and the *size* represents number of fatalities. This means it's a fair statement to say: the more circles and the larger they appear over an area, the more war. The problem is that chart backs up the OP quote completely! The area from 1900-2000 by far features the most war in terms of pink dot number and size.