@_author: throwy61
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:45:26
I dont need to sell to not get burned, even if bitcoin crashes to one dollar I’d still have an OK return when compared to traditional investment options. I live a simple life and never add bitcoin to my spending budget. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 10:07:20
and I am saying that you can put gold bars in a swiss vault and that would provide just as much security if not more.
Because if someone steals or LE takes it, we are talking in billions here that will be moved away from Banks vaults because it is no longer safe. Probably more than whole value of crypto put together. Remember even if you piss off the gov so much, someone at the top is using same bank to hide their dirty money. Last thing they want is to set precedent for gov seizure from a swiss vault.
Bitcoin on other hand, if they manage to hack your wallet or tape some electric cords to your balls and fry them up to make you squeel away your private keys... well tough shit.., 
Dont get me wrong crypto is still great, but this whole attitude of anonymity is a joke that got a lot in trouble during SR 1. Bitcoin is not annonymous and whole tumbling shmubling and swapping for alts is sticking a band aid on the issue. This is the shit core needs to be working on, and yet we cant even squeeze through LN.  And we have gainz crowd running around pointing to their vertical charts.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:59:36
I pray for this shit to go down to $900 and let everyone proclaim bitcoin dead so that we can move on and get some progress going.  I just think people dont get how far behind we are.., not only our transactions are un-usable we got hijacked by fking miners and their asics... The core should have already taken care of that and yet we cant even introduce something as non contrevereial as LN.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:48:34
If the gov really sets eyes on your and goes through the trouble of confiscating gold out of swiss vault causing some major fuckery, they will make sure in very least not one cent leaves your wallet. You forget, BTC is traceable it just matter of resources to put into forensics its not this magic un-traceable money it was thought to be at time of Sill Road 1. Hence why XMR was created, for this pure reason... Bitcoin is not as anonymous as is perceived  
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:08:31
I never wanted bitcoin to be store of value such as gold coin or a share.  Because bitcoin as it is has absolutely no useful uses as store of value that would put it ahead of any precious metal or material that is used in day to day world.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:30:33
I dont think you get me, I hodl not for moon, I hodl till I can use it daily. I used btc when I could to support eco system. I never ‘cashed out’ per se. 
Shit to talk about security, I think I’d sleep tighter if I had equivelent to my btc holdings in gold bars sitting under my bed.
I literally became a paranoid recluse (exadurating a bit) over the years since btc hit mainstream. I told everyone who knew I was crazy about btc that i lost it all at gox.  
If you think that BTC is bought to be used as a secured ledger you are delusional. Its bought because gainz crowd wants to jack off on their lambo or because someone believes that this is future of the world and they want to part of this ideology.  But most definetly not as a storage ledger that is secure. Because shit, if anything being hacked and having all your btc stolen is way easier than carrying out gold under your bed.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:56:44
This isnt bloom in my books, this is a major regression. I dont think you get that in my mind bitcoin at 1 million a piece is NOT equal to bloom.
Bloom is bitcoin prices at coffe shops and being able to send instantly at next to no fee.  Bloom is no asics and mining at home on your own hardware.
In my ‘bloom sense’ bitcoin is shittiest its ever been right now. And it scares me even more that this community now doesnt give a shit about usability, tying bitcoin to something tangible but considere btc at 20k a best achievement in universe.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:06:05
I’d take gold in a lockbox as store of value any day... How is bitcoin more secure or better than gold hidden in some vault? At least they will use gold on satelites and space suits what is btc gonna be used on.
@_date: 2017-12-15 03:10:32
I believe that future is bright... I’m just concerned at this point that there is a chance that Bitcoin will not be the one to carry us into the future as I once thought. As a matter of fact I dont think there is single crypto worth the promise now. Its all lambo driven.
@_date: 2017-12-15 01:24:54
I dont have a single  Bullshitcash in my wallets. If you read above I mentioned that I believe whole crypto community is fucked.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:32:45
Also, In my mind bitcoin is not growing... Its regressing on its ideals for $$$$. This is not growing pains, this is bitcoin screaming for help to get rid of this gainz cancer. While all these fools running around jacking off to their vertical price charts screaming that btc is future when you cant even make a simple transaction with it without being anally fucked in either fees, complexity or time it takes but hey ho, shit is hitting 20k all that matters.  Fuck that its technologically slower and more fucked up than years ago, keep jacking off to the future lamboс.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:18:19
But is it really? What if we get to the point where there are no more idealists left and all we have is the gainz crowd waiting for it to quadruple in a day so they can jack off on their lambo? At current rate forget about innovation, we are literally trying to fix something that was working just fine and having some major fucking issues doing it. The only reason shitcoins exist is because we as community are not only not advancing we are regressing daily both technologically and community wise with the whole gainz crowd and now banks fuckery but as long as it raises BTC prices up everyone eats the shit up, completely missing the point that we are being fucked from the inside out.
As I said, we as community survived this long because we stood up for our ideals with our asses clenched. What is our ideal now these days? Bitcoin 1 million in a year or I’ll bend over spread nice and wide and sell?
@_date: 2017-12-15 04:03:54
again thats not foolproof method, you rely on 3rd party to not keep records or screw you over. They already blocked wannacry proceeds.  They have even been hacked, do you trust for them not to have stored your info and wallets? Its not like their code is open source.
Heck how do you know its not an FBI or its EU counterpart honey pot? Well CIA would be doing this shit not FBI most likely since you call CIA when you need to do something fucked up.
@_date: 2017-12-15 02:53:45
I’m just scared that we have been hijacked from the inside... That we are no longer in it for ideals but are in it for gains... that we were bought out by uncle sam with his printed Fiat so that we would forget about our dreams and hopes of future and just picture a lambo instead...