@_author: throwawaysdfaslkdjfa
@_date: 2015-03-11 12:51:59
Even if these fees actually became that low in practice, which I doubt they will, Bitcoin would still have the following advantages that are unlikely or impossible to ever be offered by any credit card or bank based solution:
No chargeback risk
Works in any country, between any countries, for every person
No central authority can tell a merchant what goods or services he is allowed to provide
No central authority can tell a merchant what consumers he is allowed to accept payment from
No central authority can tell a consumer what he is allowed to spend his own money on
No central authority can turn off a consumer's access to his own money
No transaction size limits
Programmable money that can be used by any person, software, or machine on the internet without slowing down to the speed of a bank.
@_date: 2015-03-11 13:43:04
I agree.  Focus on consumers and competing with debit cards is not the way to go.  Bitcoin is interesting because of what makes it different from anything that has existed in the past.  
The major unique feature of Bitcoin is that it is money that can move electronically while remaining in full control of the user, without being beholden to any government, bank or company.  Individuals will realize this over time as countries like Venezuela, Argentina, Ukraine, Belarus, Greece, etc, attempt to control their people's money.  They will succeed in controlling their people's fiat bank accounts, but they will not succeed in controlling their people's bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-03-11 13:20:47
You mean, you can purchase once only in certain countries and distribute how you will within the Google ecosystems only for uses that Google specifically allows in advance.  
Of course a consumer will also want to have Amazon points, Apple points, Microsoft points, Facebook points, etc, all of which will have the same restrictions but tied to the respective companies that are in full control of them.  
@_date: 2015-03-11 15:13:22
Bitcoin gives any user, 'consumer' or merchant, full control of their own money as long as it is their money.  Once a consumer pays for something, the money stops being his money and becomes the money of the person he paid.  The person he paid is now in full control of his own money.  That's the way physical money works.  Before Bitcoin, this was not possible with digital money, but with Bitcoin, it is possible.
If I pay you with cash, do you want me to be able to 'reverse' the cash out of your wallet and back into my own the next day?  That's what a chargeback is.  It sounds great if you're the one doing the chargeback.  If you are the victim of the chargeback, it's straight up theft.  This does not become a good thing just because the victim is labeled a 'merchant' instead of a 'consumer'.
There are only two options.  Either a person is in control of his own money, or someone else is.  Bitcoin allows a person to be in control of his own money, just like cash in your wallet.  Bank accounts and credit cards can never allow this, because the very nature of a bank is that the bank is in control of the money.
