@_author: throw44541231
@_date: 2018-07-22 15:00:30
I'm having a hard time making out the values on the gauges but from what I see I'd say it's actually pretty plausible the remaing in-service feeders could supply 13.5MW of load based on the sizing of the equipment.
@_date: 2018-07-22 14:25:52
It's a power distribution system control panel. This system has 2 transfer buses, inner bus and outer bus (those long lines in the middle). They are supplied from, I assume, the transmission grid by two distribution transformers (the overlapping circle symbol  and  The black hand switches control the position of the circuit breakers. The tags hanging on the open breakers are for information and work protection. The speaker on the desk is likely for audible alarms to wake the operator up if something trips. The phone is not a communist reminder, that's bullshit. It's to talk to the upstream transmission/distribution operator and field staff.
This particular panel looks grimy and old but every panel I've ever seen more or less looks like this. Technological advances have improved communication mediums, solid state relaying equipment and remote computer control but most power system elements themselves (conductors, transformers, breakers, fuses, switches, etc.) and field control panels remains the same. The relays at this place on the far left look electomechanical and not solid state but thats not a big deal aside from trying to find parts.
13.5MW is a sizable load but to claim this particular set is "very dependable" is misleading wishful thinking in my opinion, sorry. It seems like the bitcoin farm is using an old plant's equipment. There is minimum acceptable redundancy build in to this system, this is not critical hospital load. I don't see any back up diesels generators for example. Currently one of two transformers looks out of service (trafo 2  and you could take out the entire mining load if the remain single supply transformer (trafo 1) tripped or the line it's connected to tripped.
The only thing this photo tells me is that this bitcoin farm payed the absolute minimum they had to do to supply their data center.