@_author: throwdisqaway
@_date: 2014-10-04 17:04:12
Dear whattodobtc,
I can't imagine what you're going through as the emotions of panic and guilt swirl around you.  Working in finance, and having spent most of my young life following financial markets, I can understand the mentality of those in underwater positions.  While I don't trade in securities, anyone who has held a position has been in the scenario of looking at his names in red, thinking, "I only wish it would just bounce back so I can sell and exhale!"
I think there's enough criticism going around here (some outright mean, some justified, some both), so I'll skip that.  As for the solution, I think you've at least performed a small step in writing that post, thereby actualizing what you already cognitively sense: that you're in a world of financial trouble.
There will be enough time to do a post-mortem on your follies and the steps that got you here.  Right now, you need to act in a responsible manner as you've given yourself the role of fiduciary.  I'm not a financial advisory expert, nor am I even decent at personal finance matters, but I do know risk when I see it.  BTC is not an asset in which any fiduciary would be invested, full stop.
You have two options, one seemingly more pleasant than the other:  1) divest &amp; 'fess up, 2) try to make up the losses through either BTC or other financial instruments.  The tone of your post implies a preference for option no. 2, which, does give you a chance at recovery, and will probably entail chasing long bets and risking more funds for paltry gains.  With option 2, you'll be going toe to toe with probability, hoping that your 10:1 against bet will pay off your 3:1 payoff.  And you might win your freak bets and that glimmer of hope might provide some salve for your current straits.
But I think you wrote that post knowing that option no. 1 is the only option there is.  Don't do anything rash; there are people you can call in times of emotional crisis.
With Empathy,
 