@_author: throwaway483764
@_date: 2019-06-18 13:48:34
My thread unfortunately didn't go through, so here's my thoughts on Libra in relation to Bitcoin:  
 
I've  been wondering all the time what could make an impact big enough to  make BTC go 20x within the next cycle. The time horizon seems just too  short for "mere" institutional investing. But think about this:
The  first bubble(s) was caused by enthusiasts, the outer fringe, people who  could just be excited by the technological achievement and societal  effects of Bitcoin.
Then you have tech  people and gamers (news about graphics cards mining and shortage) and  fintech entrepreneurs during the 2017 ICO bubble.
Who's  still missing? The BROAD masses - facebook, instagram, youtube, mobile  gamers. Why? Getting into crypto is still hella complicated for the  average minded people with a 1 minute attention span. Don't expect  regular people to get educated on Reddit and dedicated portals, let  alone go through making an exchange account with all that KYC shit and  on top of it pull off a successful trade from fiat to BTC.
And  now you have it - the next bubble: Suppose Libra starts in 2020, every  person with a social media account automatically has a Libra account  (apparently pseudonymous - so let's just pretend here 99% won't be  blocked from exchanging their libra for BTC). Meanwhile BTC has gone to  above 10,000 again. News start reporting again. Solutions to trade Libra  for BTC via one-click will become available. Every person in their  collective hivemind will be thinking: "Holy shit that thing's going up  and I'm just here sitting on my measly semi-stable-coin. I'll put a  little of it into BTC, you know, see what happens." Multiply that by 1  billion people. BTC acccelerating.
Halving  has passed, enter 2021. News start reporting BTC has now lowest  inflation rate lower than gold. BTC at 120.000. Some FB privacy fuck up  with Libra.  News: "BTC market cap on its way to dethrone Gold, while  trust in fiat money at shocking lows". Cue the biggest fomo Bitcoin has  ever seen. End of 2021: "Bitcoin market cap now higher than gold".  Maximum euphoria. (This is where the next bubble will burst and you'll  probably want to sell a comfortable amount to buy back in later.)