@_author: thro3away
@_date: 2017-12-21 05:04:23
There's literally thousands of coins out there that are faster, more feature rich, have long histories of reliability, and minimal to zero fees. BCash is just another shit coin with a monopolized mining structure and shady creators that is only getting press because it has Bitcoin in the name. It's usable and the fees are low because it's a centralized currency with no transaction backlog because no one uses it.
@_date: 2017-12-20 11:18:45
The panic is about the fact that someone or something pumped over 100 billion USD into Bitcoin Cash within 5 minutes of coinbase opening trading. 
@_date: 2017-12-21 07:11:21
Oh my God you're just restating what I said but ignoring the cons. Yes it's cheap!! That's because it has almost no transaction competition, the blocks are full but you can get your transaction in the next block easily because comparatively few people are using BCash. This is a feature shared by literally every alt coin in the crypto world! Nothing is new here! You could send 100 million dollars in litecoin and have it confirmed in minutes (or less) for a fee of a couple cents (or less) today. You could do the same thing yesterday, you could do the same thing 5 years ago! Nothing about BCash is new, it just doesn't have a massive fucking transaction pile up like the Bitcoin block chain. 
If you want to use a currency that is fast, cheap to use, and decentralized, then there are thousands of them available. Hell just use tether if you're concerned about price fluctuations, use litecoin if you want fast confirmations, use etherium if you want smart contracts, use BCash if you want..... nothing special? Use BCash if you want a new fork with little adoption among merchants. Use BCash if you want a currency with over half of it's nodes owned by Alibaba. Use BCash if you want a version of Bitcoin that will never adopt the lightning network, or segwit, or any tech designed to make crypto a real currency. 
Use BCash if you want to ride of the name Bitcoin and speculate a "market" only big dogs control. 
I don't want that! I want a decentralized currency that I can use to buy a cup of coffee that has a strong Dev team, and near zero fees.
Look into other crypto if you want anything other than a shit coin that is controlled by the people decentralized currencies are trying to get away from.