@_author: throwawayo45
@_date: 2012-12-09 21:22:38


No, it doesn't store your private keys. Only your encrypted wallet file.
@_date: 2012-12-10 17:19:10
"Hey everybody,
I just uploaded a little screencast as a preview of our upcoming code dump. Smiley
It's basically an implementation of a heavy-server, lightweight-client in JavaScript (Node.js on the server and jQuery in the client). Highlights:
- The server does NOT use the JSON-RPC API. The server uses node-bitcoin-p2p to connect directly to the Bitcoin network. Right now we still connect to a single trusted node because node-bitcoin-p2p lacks a full script interpreter for proper tx verification, but we're hoping to add that at some point.
- The server does NOT see your private keys. Transaction signing is done on the client side. Of course in a webapp the server can just serve you code that has you send it your private keys. But firstly, it still provides some protection against hackers, because the client HTML/JS can be hosted on a very secure static HTTP server, whereas all the dynamic node.js stuff is on a different machine. Secondly, future clients will be open-source desktop or mobile clients where the same checks apply as with the official client. (People can look at the code and make sure it doesn't send the private keys anywhere.)
Right now Webcoin is still pretty buggy, but we're planning to release the rest of the code and an official beta deployment very soon.
You can watch the video here:
(Sorry for audio sync issues and poor resolution - next screencast will be better in those respects. Also, you can download it in 1280x800 here.)
Follow our progress here:
Tip here:
Contact us here:
bitcoinjs (at-sign) justmoon.net
And I'm happy to answer any questions here in the thread. Documentation obviously will be forthcoming, but based on your comments here I'll be able to get a sense what you guys are most interested in and therefore what we should focus on.
I've also got major thanks to give out to these fine folks:
- [mike] for BitcoinJ - much of our code is just a port of this excellent library
- Andrew Schaaf of Bitcoin Labs for reviewing the API and letting us use some of his code
- Gavin Andresen for reviewing the API documentation and providing feedback
- booo from github for JSLint'ing and cleaning up a lot of node-bitcoin-p2p
- jb55 from github for debugging and pull requests
Massive thanks to the guys at Trucoin who have supported this project every step of the way. I'd encourage everybody to keep a close eye on them, they are working on some badass stuff! They've also agreed to provide the funding for a reference Webcoin installation.
I want to point out that this is a preview, there are still plenty of bugs cropping up. We'll post a link to a demo installation once we get it a little bit more stable.
Stefan  Smiley"
@_date: 2012-12-09 21:58:52


Not when it still takes 12 hours and today's Internet people expect things too just work.