@_author: throwaway17356334
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:49:42


not hard to add a conditional into the source code, and obviously they will accept it themselves..


improbable, not impossible. the whole scenario is not impossible.


for the brief length of time they add the power, once its no longer viable for anyone to mine bitcoin once they remove said extra power, then it will take a stupid amount of time to mine a single block even if all the remaining power pooled together for the sake of 0.048828125 btc reward....split countless ways.


see above.


mining would be possible, again see above. never said it wouldn't, i said it wouldn't be viable. the whole idea flash flooding bitcoin with power and blocks is to very quickly alter bitcoins own variable difficultly level. if you can control enough power and flow of blockchains etc then you can manipulate it to make it immensely difficult to mine once you take that away, so youre left with 2000 blocks that are just as hard to mine as when there was enough power to mine them.....but it would take the same power...which you no longer have. miners mine to make money, if its no longer viable then blockchains will never get confirmed and will be stuck there....
if you can afford to bankrupt a country... got to spend money to make money. in the eyes of your establishment you are just one single expendable statistic, they don't care. Maybe you're too busy laughing at other people too see that its because we are too busy laughing at each other amongst ourselves that we have allowed the minority to take power.
@_date: 2017-12-06 17:04:53
same reason i use folders and a filing cabinet to sort paperwork. alts for specific subs, bitcoin not one of them.
@_date: 2017-12-06 18:48:00
it takes microseconds to win a war, did Iraq have WMDs? Bitcoin is the holy grail... it could be a potential, completely digital, anonymous nuclear bomb placed in the most strategic place.. the country's economy. Nagasaki was rubble within milliseconds...people might plant flowers and build homes with Bitcoin again in the future, but the war has already been lost. I keep my tin hat seated firmly on my head, and for now at least, hodl.