@_author: throwaway-aa2
@_date: 2017-12-05 12:16:40
Even if that happens, eventually other continents will reach out and provide resources. Think of it this way: Let's say BTC reaches 1 million. Not every continent is going to go down. At SOME point, other continents will make contact. The great thing about crypto, is it's a global currency... so there will be a lot of people within these countries that have crypto that they can offer that makes us worth "saving" if that makes sense. Not every single continent is going to be hit with EMP's... it doesn't make sense. And even if they do, the first couple that get hit will put the rest on notice and people will start building faraday cages.
Couple things are for sure:
1. In event of catastrophe in US, our fiat will be mostly worthless in other countries. So that doesn't help you.
2. Gold for the most part just isn't practical in todays day and age. Too heavy, too many people. Unless 80%+ of the population die off, which isn't happening.
3. If our country is ravaged, you'll most likely want to have something of global value to offer countries or pockets of people who are doing decent. Crypto is that thing. So I actually disagree... I think more than any other possible item (fiat, gold, etc) crypto will become insanely valuable if the situation you're talking about comes to fruition.
4. Computers will ALWAYS be around in some capacity at this point. Even if a big chunk of them go down... they can be rebuilt, and not all of them will go down. So crypto is always going to be around, and as we go through these catastrophies, we can better prepare and shield ourself from these types of things. In the same way fiat overcame counterfeit-ing, crypto can overcome hacking and these types of doomsday situations.
@_date: 2017-12-01 00:04:09
Again, the only way this remotely happens, is if the entire world government bans it at the same time, and everyone unilaterally agrees that bitcoin is bad currency. That's the only way you stop bitcoin. 
The reason is, any agreement is bullshit. If you're the US government... what's stopping you from outlawing bitcoin, but at the same time having the 1% stock pile it? Same thing with China. So there won't and can't be any agreement, as Bitcoin is worth too much right now and provides way too much utility, and too much promise as a legit global currency, that at the same time cannot be regulated by ANYONE. And it's really that simple.
I'm going to dump like 10k into this... I don't know when, but it's going to happen this year. I'm hoping the bubble bursts so I can buy buy buy. That way, if bitcoin reaches 500k, then I have 500k. If it reaches 1 million, then I have one million. And so on and so on. It's only a matter of time before it reaches this amount, just strictly based on the utility of the currency.
@_date: 2017-12-06 01:00:42


That's a crock of shit. So how do you divide a gold bar amongst 200 people? What... are you going to hit it with a hammer? Remember, this is a doomsday scenario so you can't make them coins, and even if you could, you'd need pretty fucking small coins to diving them amongst even 200-300 people. Bitcoin is multiple magnitudes of order easier to divide and distribute precisely, and because of that there's a lot to go around. You can take 1 bitcoin and give it to 10,000 people. Let's see you try that with a bar of fucking gold, with no machinery, and then let's bump the number to 100,000 or 1,000,000 and then let's see you say "oh it's divisible... JUST like bitcoin"
@_date: 2017-12-02 11:56:03
that's fine though. If bitcoin reaches 500,000 like mccaffee thinks, then she'll still profit heavily. Paying off her student loan is just a stategic hedge.
@_date: 2017-12-06 02:09:51


Nope. I don't. Most people I know wear fake jewelery, and that's a bigger problem now in the modern age... many people have fakes. How you going to distinguish between the real stuff? You going to make everyone carry magnets or water to see if they discolor?
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:30:05
In what sense exactly? You want to quantify that?
What's stopping the random Joe from having the type of security these no names have? What... you think they're rolling around with body guards and super wallets? Quantify exactly what better security means exactly.
@_date: 2017-12-05 13:19:59
Read my other responses. This just isn't true and it's also ignoring a lot.
* Countries can. Not all countries at the same time. And guess what. If I'm a billionaire in global currency... you better believe if other countries still are functioning well, they're going to help me.
* Also... none of those things you stated are the "Internet". You never really addressed the argument. Mining Pools and exchanges are irrelevant. Bitcoin (and other crypto) exist and can be exchanged without using exchanges or worrying about mining (and other alt crypto handle pockets of decentralized activity much better than bitcoin). But again unless every country runs into this doomsday situation, this isn't a concern.
* If you think saving some gold bars is going to save you from this situation, you've got it very twisted. This isn't the 1800's. Gold has no intrinsic value other than scarcity, but it's so scarce at the moment that it can't ever be used as a currency again, especially given the population. There are millions of people living in metropolitan areas... believe me, not all of them are going to get access to gold coins, and use it as currency. Not going to happen. What's going to be worth the most is power, food and water, and this is going to be stockpiled. If anything, people will trade packages of bottled water like poland springs like gold before gold gets traded.
* if your goal is to prepare for that situation, you better have property to your name, and you better already be growing your own plants and farming your own animals, and essentially be self sufficient, because you're absolutely fucked regardless. The cost of being self sufficient when that time comes will essentially be worth thousands if not millions of dollars and you can't just pay for that with a couple of bars of gold. 
* The internet isn't going anywhere, in the same way computers aren't going anywhere. They will always exist from now until a time when something better comes out.
@_date: 2017-12-03 05:43:19
Of course. But a couple of things:
Let's say you invest 10k in Crypto. It's realistic at this stage that you come away with 100 - 200k. The thing is, is you diversify. So let's say I ever pull in a ton of money with this. My first step of diversifying will be to buy property. So yeah if I go out and buy a decent size property (especially if I live there) then yeah people are going to know.
And at the end of the day, who cares? Life is short. At the end of the day, I don't stockpile cash for my children or someone else. I stockpile it for myself, so I can actually enjoy it. And none of us have tons of time on this earth. So yeah you spend it on the finer things, it only makes sense.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:37:59
I mean with that attitude you seem like you would have recommended him sell when bitcoin became 1,000
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:28:14
Here we go with the platitudes and other bullshit. All the relationships in your life are value propositions, it's really that simple, and it's telling that anyone that complaints about this point, don't ever rebuttal the meat of the point. They make some dumb "well you must not have people that love you" reply, and then off they go. Don't reply again unless you actually want to have a discussion about it. YOUR point is the dime a dozen point, it's been heard before a million times and what it comes down to, is you can't fathom that there's another possibility out there, and I could easily break it down for you but again... when somoene like you approaches a discussion, disagrees with a conclusion without laying a finger on the finer details of the point being made, makes a purely emotional point and then disappears, it let's me know you're not worth breaking it down to off the bat, because you're mostly not even interested in what I could possibly have to say.
Edit: the thing you don't get, is that yes, every relationship is a value proposition, but that's still love and it doesn't mean we can't strongly feel those feelings. I know my parents love me and I love them. I do know a big part of that is chemical, a big part of that is pride, a big part of that is nostalgia for the days past. I've had girlfriends I've loved deeply... partly chemical (seratonin... if you don't know your chemicals, go research it), part infatuation, part stimulus, part personality, part a TON of things. But if they lose their memory, develop a different personality, and become unrecognizable... many people in this situation, especially in marriages, end up splitting or getting a divorce. This isn't some feeling like yours either, this is statistically backed up.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:34:02
why is that? There are much higher profile people who own bitcoin. What... you think people are going to dox him, find him and be like "yeah give me your bitcoins". There are already plenty of prominent people who hold bitcoin that they can do that to.
@_date: 2017-12-01 01:19:07
@_date: 2017-12-03 17:51:39
Sure. But surely you recognize you're the minority. Most people spend their money when they get it. And to be honest... life is short, no reason to earn it if you don't spend it... it seems most people are content on earning and earning and leaving it all to their kids.
I myself am fine with people knowing I have money. It's not like they'll get any of it. And if they do, it'll be because it makes sense for me. I think the problem is that people are soft and the same way they feel they have to give 20$ to the homeless man, they feel like if a family member or close friend asks for some money, they are compelled to give it. I'm mostly immune to these things.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:32:23
don't beg. there's much better people to give them money to than you or I.
@_date: 2017-12-06 03:45:08
This isn't the same though. You had much, MUCH better odds playing this lottery. And this lottery was a lottery you could have won, with a bit of knowledge... many smart people saw this being the big new thing. So I hate to burst your bubble but you're wrong. Had you invested a paltry $100 when bitcoin was a dollar, you'd be a millionaire. That's ignoring if you invested when it was 13 cents.
That being said... I was there. I've owned a couple of bitcoin. I was struggling. I fucked up and shouldn't have withdrawn it. But the real message to take home, is that riches while fun and add spice to your life, isn't actually life itself. There are plenty of unhappy, unfulfilled rich people. People spend their entire life thinking if they only get rich, if they only get the partner they want, then it'll fill the hole in them.
They end up finding out (like I have) that riches and love don't fill that hole. Making minimum wage makes you unhappy. Making $15/hr you're still unhappy. $18 still unhappy. $25, 50k a year, 75k a year, on and on. Doesn't matter... the new people you'll surround yourself with have just a BIT more than you. Same thing with girlfriends or boyfriends. You find the 5, then the 7, then the 8... and you really feel in love and fulfilled... but that hole comes back.
What you realize in the end, is nothing can fill that hole but you. But then you realize the only reason you feel there is a hole, is because you try to fill it. Once you realize you don't need to fill it with anything, then it's filled... the realization that you're fulfilled in the present moment, not needing anything else.
This doesn't stop me from wishing I would have invested in bitcoin... but at the end of the day, it doesn't matter too much. You're alive, you're hopefully healthy. Just realize there are people who are richer than you but very lonely.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:38:59
good job
@_date: 2017-12-03 02:19:57
sure but essentially he ended of better off for not taking your hypothetical advice then. And I believe this is no different. Time will tell.
RemindMe! 5 months
@_date: 2017-12-05 04:23:55
Internet can't go poof. All the internet is, is you being connected to other computers. So you just get a couple of computers together and make "internet" again.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:31:25
Well to be fair it's not exactly that. When you make more money, you spend more money. So if you get rich and out of nowhere purchase a condo in an expensive neighborhood... people pretty much know you're rich.
But yes you're correct... if you're rich (especially from BTC) but live frugally, then no one really knows you're rich unless you tell them.
@_date: 2017-12-05 12:00:46
Before I comment, I'd like to say that diversifying in general is a pretty safe approach and I'm not trying to shit on you here or get into a fight. Just my thoughts.
1. There is honestly WAY too many people and gold is too uncommon for people at large to use it as a currency. It made sense maybe back in the day but it doesn't make sense now. There isn't enough gold to go around now. Gold can't ever really be used again, unless the population reduces by like 80%, in which case you might have a point, but odds are that I'm going to be in that 80% so it's not something I should worry about.
2. Not all computers and electronic devices will go offline in the event of an emp. Whether your devices are fried has a lot to do with your proximity to the emp, whether your stuff is plugged in, and also doesn't account for the few smart people using faraday cages, and also remember some people do have access to solar power. So there will likely be more than a few devices that survive. But the situation you're talking about is potentially a doomsday situation to begin with... in the event of an EMP or Nuclear Blast, a LOT of people are going to die. And in the same situation that you as an individual can't prepare for a nuclear blast, it's questionable if you can easily prepare for an EMP, especially if you live in a metropolitan area (and as population increases, more and more people are more likely to live in these areas).
3. Fiat is much more likely in this situation to be what people trade. There are too many people, cash is already available to most, and it's still extremely hard to create fiat. The people at large would essentially have to raid the federal reserve in a time like this and make sure they don't print more fiat and then it's free to use.
4. Even in the event of an EMP... you realize computers WILL be back. Computers will never go away, so crypto is here to stay, even if it's gone for the short term. Some of the newer crypto is built to function better in a decentralized manner (Cardano for instance) but even with Bitcoin... you could link up 5 computers / iPhones and easily trade bitcoin... you just wouldn't have access to the broader market to know the evaluation of that bitcoin specifically... but that isn't a huge issue.
5. If you're really scared about EMP, the wiser thing to do (in terms of diversification) is to have property out in the middle of nowhere, have guns, and basically farm and hunt. You and your family will be able to survive comfortably and have a good life this way. But this is a mostly selfish approach. 
We should be collectively planning against an EMP and defending against it, and maybe in the era of crypto, that effort becomes more serious. But again, computers will live on no matter what at this point. Not every country is going to be hit by an EMP. I imagine if I have tons of crypto, I could somehow contact another country that hasn't been hit by EMP and be like "hey come pick me up. I'm a millionaire. Bring a computer and a ledger s, cuz I know my seed, and I'll transfer a couple thousand to you". This is something we can start planning for as well to smooth that process over.
@_date: 2017-12-01 02:43:27
Doesn't matter. People who have more knowledge than either you or I have seen the source for OpenSSL and didn't spot the problem. So even if I looked at the source, I wouldn't know the problem. Does that mean I go use a proprietary solution, that has less eyes on the code and therefore more chances for exploitation? Or maybe use my own hand rolled implementation? Or fuck it, don't use SSL at all, or better yet, don't use the internet at all.. that's the safest option. But it's not practical. With convenience you sacrifice things for sure. But the point is, is that you benefit more from collective knowledge that may not be your strong suit, even if those methods fail from time to time. And when they do fill (in the instance of Heartbleed) there is much more awareness and integration. 1password for instance knows when you set up your password, knows which sites suffered heartbleed, and will put those sites in watchtower, letting you know you should update your information. 
At the end of the day, lack of convenience will keep all cryptocurrency value down... one of it's main selling point is practicality. I know for a fact if I have to store my crypto on some old begotten laptop, I'm not going to keep up with diversifying my crypto currency. So at the end of the day I understand exactly where you're coming from, I just fundamentally disagree with your conclusion.
You know what would be much better than cars, bikes &amp; transportation? Walking! What if we forced all metropolitan cities to commute via walking, because of the 200 or so deaths each year by public transportation, not covering cars or bikes. Sure... we'd save lives. But unfortunately, you pay a high price for a convenience. The thing is, is that price is paid willingly. And it's literally that simple of an explanation.
@_date: 2017-12-06 00:58:12
1. That's why I mentioned other crypto which can work better in a decentralized manner. ADA is the upcoming one.
2. Even if that happens, who cares? You realize I could just trade my bitcoin back and forth between many people multiple times without it ever hitting a big exchange right? Because all the original money can be traced. Sure, the US bitcoin would have a different evaluation but same shit now... person finds 700 bitcoins they mined years ago now, and they're rich. That's what would happen. or they'd be poor if the value of the coin went down in the thriving countries. Eitiher way.
@_date: 2017-12-01 02:14:46
The beauty of the internet is you leverage the collective knowledge of others. It doesn't necessarily matter if I specifically can evaluate it or not. Think about a company. Do you as the CEO need to know zoning laws, property laws, etc... or do you rely on the knowledge of your lawyers to know that? It's more or less the same here.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:29:35
I'm going to one up you.
Relationships are all built on value propositions. All of them. Without fail. You do not hang around people you don't find interesting, or funny, or beautiful, or of SOME value to you, whatever value that might be. Sure, there is a TYPE of unconditional love, but there are millions and millions of people in the world. It makes sense to interact with people that are close and convenient to you, and to choose who you'd like to interact with, as having even 1,000 close friends is impractical and not really doable.
That girlfriend you have? She's not your girlfriend out of the goodness of your heart. Would you be with her if you were in a wheelchair? If you had massive 3rd degree burn scarring on your skin? If you lost all of your humor and intelligence? Hell any idiot knows you don't find someone if you dress like you make minimum wage.
So it's this simple. You make more money, and people treat you differently. You think people will now like you more because you make more money. But they already liked you for other attributes that don't equate to the real you (if you get your humor from having funny parents... that's great, but how is that the fault of someone who doesn't have a great sense of humor? Don't they deserve love as well). There isn't anything as unconditional love. If I get married, have kids, then at 50 year old start cross dressing... I can shortly expect for my wife to not really be interested in me, my kids, and my family.
So stop worrying. Yes you make a lot of money now. People will like you more for it, the same way people like a girl more just because she has bigger tits or bigger ass or is a certain ethnicity. Get over it. And more than get over it... take ADVANTAGE of it. Be the dumb girl with the big breasts and ass. Enjoy life and all of the love that's sent your way, regardless of whether you consider your wealth not really you.
@_date: 2017-12-05 03:41:58
The person asked what could they use NOW. And he goes "oh lightning" while CLEARLY struggling to answer the question.
@_date: 2017-12-03 00:35:12
HELL NO. HE stands to become a millionaire / billionaire if he keeps a sizable chunk in.
@_date: 2017-12-01 00:47:12
Think of it this way. Imagine if Visa just processed Zimbabwe currency. Sure speed matters for convenience... but value is value. If the federal reserve (that already prints money) starts printing money like crazy and 1 dollar starts to be worth what a penny is, no one "really" cares if Visa can process that super fast. People will maybe use more efficient cryptocurrencies day to day, while bitcoin becomes the new gold... or maybe bitcoin improves to old visa level... who cares what visa's new improvements will be?
@_date: 2014-09-24 12:14:59
savagely violent.
"a brutal murder"
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:54:11
That's not going to happen. You'd need all countries to make that decision unilaterally, and you'd need to make sure they absolutely were not lying and holding bitcoin anonymously. The only way you take Bitcoin down now is figure out how to compromise the network.
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:31:46
mmmm. remember this comment?
@_date: 2017-11-30 23:43:11
What essentially has to happen, is multiple companies or sellers in different countries need to start accepting it. Even if that process gains a little steam, it's all over. Any country outlawing bitcoin at that point, will just be asking for serious trouble.
I'm sad I didn't invest in this when it was $300... I had so many opportunities. I won't make that mistake again, bubble or no bubble.
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:52:06
you think they can figure out if buyers are using it? I'm not a seller so that's my main concern..
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:40:18
doesn't really matter. I'd be interested in how the hell they know you're using purse.io. I have to assume that they can figure out if you're using it in a couple of different ways. All they'd have to do is fulfill some of the request themselves and they'd probably gain a lot of information seeing as they get access to the users address.
@_date: 2015-10-17 02:16:29
what?! you mean buying, or selling? And how do they know you were using it?