@_author: throwawaybtc11
@_date: 2014-03-11 01:54:35
Agreed. There are a lot of bad actors in the ecosystem who don't really care about Bitcoin as a technology - they just see it as a way to enrich themselves. 
There are too many people who have invested in BTC who are completely immune from logic if it is counter to their market position. 
Since this is a throwaway I can name names - people like Erik Voorhees, Roger Ver, Max Keiser have no concern for the clueless masses that have invested in BTC. Andreas Antonopolous is worshiped on this thread like a cult leader - even when his rhetoric is completely senseless and unnecessarily anti-regulation. 
All of these actors need new money to come in to enrich themselves. While bitcoin as a technology works pretty well, the reason why it has value is that many of the people holding it expect it to significantly appreciate. Bitcoin the technology has some value, but right now the main drivers of price are:
1) gambling
2) illegal darknet markets
3) speculation
Not a recipe for longterm regulatory acceptance. And if you think bitcoin will succeed in the face of oppressive regulations you are naiive. If the US government shuts down Coinbase &amp; BitPay, blocks all bank transfers to Bitstamp, BTC-E, etc, the market value will crash hard. Sure there will always be the potential for an underground market based on a .onion version of localbitcoins, but that will be a haven for criminals and scammers - all the normal, law abiding users will not want to deal with the hassle &amp; risks.
My advice to the bitcoin community - exercise some critical thinking skills. Don't idolize arbitrary members of the community without considering what their motives and agenda are. Don't let yourself get played by people with deeper pockets than you. And be realistic - for bitcoin to succeed, the government will have to enact some common sense regulations around exchanges (AML/KYC, audits, etc.). If these regulations are too onerous, the cost of compliance will make dealing with bitcoin more expensive than regular ACH or CC transfers and the whole ecosystem will shrivel and die. 
@_date: 2014-03-11 02:55:40


Stop thinking of this as a get rich quick scheme. It's a cool technology, but what is needed is a stable price, not another bubble. 
