@_author: throwawaylawsuitbla
@_date: 2018-04-28 18:48:10
Satoshi would be sad that people were able to create a project that changes the difficulty algorithm in a way to support their minority hashrate fork. He clearly created a technical solution to minority forks which was meant to make them die off. People following a minority fork is probably not what he had in mind for Bitcoin in case of dispute.
@_date: 2018-04-28 19:52:17
Bitcoin Core is not Bitcoin just as Bitcoin ABC isn't Bitcoin Cash. The Bitcoin consensus rules are Bitcoin, and can be upheld by various implementations of the same protocol.
@_date: 2018-04-28 18:38:05
There is no doubt about what the real Bitcoin blockchain is. A court with some technical experts will easily agree because of 1 and 2:
1. Bitcoin Cash forked before SegWit activated. So clearly, Bitcoin continued on as before, whereas Bitcoin Cash introduced a consensus breaking change and created their own altcoin in the process.
2. The whitepaper talks about Bitcoin being the chain with the most PoW done. Bitcoin Cash is the "shorter" Blockchain in terms of PoW, so even if they hadn't changed the rules and Satoshis difficulty adjustment algorithm that was meant to kill off minority forks, they'd still not be Bitcoin.
3. Bitcoin Cash has had its miners attack the network, producing 100,000 coins in the process. This was a bug in their new difficulty adjustment algorithm, allowing them to create blocks far sooner than ever 10 minutes, without an increase in hashrate. 
So in a way BCH showed us what happens IRL if we support a cryptocurrency that gives too much power to mining pools: They'll abuse that power to gain monetary advantages, even if they have to break their cryptocurrency in the process.
And clearly, Bitcoin Cash was called Bitcoin Cash since the beginning of the fork. It was created with that name. Why should a project that was previously called Bitcoin Cash now be allowed to use the name of a competing project?
@_date: 2018-04-29 08:22:04
The whole trademark idea stems from the fact that it isn't ok. We wouldn't have trademarks otherwise. It's some societies way to deal with the problem, but not the only way to deal with it.
Requiring someone to register a trademark solves the 'who was first' problem. With BTC and BCH, it's clear who was first, and we don't really need some country deciding for us via trademark protection. Bitcoin is international and not tied to any state. A state might still try to protect their citizens from fraud, though.


Just as alcohol and water are fluids and behave like fluids for the most part, with some characteristics being different (like killing bacteria, or getting people drunk). Ripple is called cryptocurrency by some, too. Nobody could ever claim it is Bitcoin, though. It's a centralized company coin after all.
@_date: 2018-04-28 22:00:50
There is a difference between trademark infriction and claiming you are selling/accepting something while actually only accepting something else, which is more of a consumer protection issue.
While you are right that nobody registered a trademark for Bitcoin (the community would have been against that, anyway, as it centralizes power), it's still not ok for people to claim something is X if it is actually Y. 
Wouldn't you be against people selling 'alcohol' to then find out it's actually just water? Bitcoin vs. altcoins are a similar issue. Water is still a fluid, but you can't really use it as a disinfectant or to get drunk. Similarly, Bitcoin Cash doesn't protect itself against minority forks thanks to their changed difficulty adjustment algorithm, among other things that make it different from the real deal.