@_author: throwawayjw1914_2
@_date: 2018-01-26 03:14:36
Not only that but it can be hard to anticipate demand when you add an entirely new market, especially one like crypto. This will give them a good idea of what the load will be like on a nation wide scale.
Source: dev
@_date: 2018-05-31 03:37:53
It’s all about moderation.
Source: Software Engineer, play video games, have a pretty successful life.
I am interested in your take though. How is playing video games worse than say, watching tv, or going to the movies? Or really any other hobby?
@_date: 2018-05-31 15:43:52


I have a friend that is a huge movie buff. All he does is watch movies and talk about them. He even went to school to get into the movie industry. Which is more addicting will be purely up to the person. I see where you're coming from though, gaming gives a feed back loop that can be quite addictive.


People spend more money on video games than movies. That being said, if you've got the money, and it's a hobby you enjoy, why does the money matter? Spending money on things you enjoy isn't inherently bad.


So let's clarify a couple of things, I don't drink soda, and I don't play WOW either.
There are many different types of genres of video games, [WOW is a very small subset of that \(MMORPGs\).]( I generally don't play MMO's because they are a time sink, anyone who plays them will admit this. I prefer visual novels and JRPG's that tell a good story. Things like Persona, Final Fantasy, Ace Attorney, The Tales of series, etc. Though I still do enjoy the occasional Mario game. The games I play are more like books mixed with interactive problem solving. Playing these types of games from a young age led me to my career path. Even now as an adult, I love a good story mixed with great visuals/audio/gameplay. Games are a great way to relax after a long day to get away into another world and lose yourself for a couple of hours \(just like most hobbies\).
This isn't to say that those who choose to invest time in WOW are some how lesser though. While I can't speak about my personal experience with WOW, I can say that other games with online capabilities have certainly helped me make friends and overcome some really bad social anxiety. I can't stand behind those that spend their entire waking lives playing WOW, because I believe that is unhealthy. I think most gamers will agree with you on this.
However, your comment boiling gaming down to a neckbeard playing WOW in their basement, while eating Doritos, is ignorant. I highly recommend finding a video game you enjoy and playing it for a bit, if for nothing more than educating yourself on what gaming can be.


There's a middle ground between casual and unhealthy. That's where most gamers on reddit fall. It's certainly not black and white. People complain about the price of anything going up, that's a natural human tendency. Complaining about a piece of a equipment that is required for your favorite hobby because of the price went up is not an indicator of someone having unhealthy habits.
EDIT: formatting
@_date: 2018-06-01 15:31:58


There is no way that only .5% of people who play video games in life end out successful. This is just flat out false. If it is true though, please link a reputable source. Games are on every cell phone these days, and I know plenty of successful people that played Angry Birds while I was in college.


This part is very revealing. Again, you cannot generalize all gamers just because the ones you know play MMO's (specifically WOW). These are MMORPG's you're referring to. This is a VERY small subset of games. There is a very big difference an MMO and really any other type of game. MMO's have no real end to them and are designed to be addictive because of the monthly fees (to keep the player reeled in). I stay away from MMO's for these two reasons.
I also went to Uni and I know the crowd you're talking about (especially being in the Computer Science department). If a big new game comes out or a new expansion is released, they skipped class. I personally never did this, but I find that incredibly shitty and irresponsible. That being said, that is the person's fault and not the video game's. There are plenty of people that play MMO's/games that do know how to prioritize. Source: I work with them now. We even have a gaming room at the office.


This is a case of the vocal minority. Because it's an online game (specifically an MMO), you're hearing them talk about it because they're playing it together. I bet you in the same room that you're overhearing people talk about this MMO, there are a dozen others that are playing an offline game that don't require such a time dedication. You don't hear them talking about it because there's nothing to talk about (other than maybe a shared experience).


Agreed, sitting in your dorm all day doing any one thing is unhealthy.


Yes, if it is an addiction, cut it out immediately (or cut back anyway). Becoming a slave to anything is never good. It's like the difference of those who like to drink vs an alcoholic.
Personally, it sounds like you're just surrounded by shitty gamers/shitty people. We're not all like that, I promise. In fact, I'd wager the majority of us are not like that.
Final thoughts: Not all gamers are irresponsible, and not all games are MMO time sinks. Most addictions are not a good thing. Moderation is the key.