@_author: thspan
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:24:48
The composition book is the public ledger, not your private keys. Anyone can have a copy of the book.
@_date: 2014-09-11 22:22:41
It's the upside versus the downside.
Say you have 30,000 and you converted into bitcoin with all of it. If, in the small probability bitcoin becomes worthless, you only lost 30,000, and that money that be recoup in less than a year. However, if bitcoin defies gravity, you will be very wealthy.
I, too, have at least an 80% belief/confidence/faith in bitcoin and am wagering money, which if lost, would suck, but wouldn't kill me.
It's not really about having balls or tits of superwoman steel. It's just realizing when the upside far, far outweighs the downside. 
@_date: 2014-09-13 12:07:47
The light air effect, leaves that float on the wind.
It doesn't have the weight and cumbersome of other money transfers.
You can now contribute to online events and services with relative ease. Maybe an esport or wikipedia is looking for funding. You and others send to a wallet. BAM! Done. The esport or wikipedia doesn't have to go through and process every individual transaction, requires less intermediary, doesn't have to worry about the safeguard of credit card information. One wallet, many transactions, super-fluid. 
Also, there are so many problems with fiat money. Many people have just accepted it and lived with it. The policy of money creation is controlled and managed by the few. We see, empirically, the abuse, exploitation, and mismanagement of fiat money. We see some of the corruption and the shadiness. The need for a counterpart exists, and you find that in bitcoin, an algorithmic, public-ledger system. 
Bitcoin is ripe for entrepreneurs, new business, new realm of growth. There is still an abundance of opportunity for anyone to pursue and catch. Nothing is without its issues. And there's plenty of it in bitcoin. Many things tends towards the state of centralization, and we see that happening with mining. Is this good or bad? There is still some uncertainty with the consequences. Another issue is your encrypted keys or wallet. If you die, and intend to pass on your bitcoin, and haven't shared your password or access protection, how will you do that? There may already be attempts at solutions, but ideally the encryption needs to expire somehow, set according to your preferences.
@_date: 2014-09-20 14:10:41
Don't forget **Global Presence**
If they can overcome regulatory barriers, online content providers can offer services to anyone worldwide that wants them.
Netflix + vpn + bitcoin
Steam + bitcoin
Crunchyroll + bitcoin
Twitch + bitcoin
Reddit gold + bitcoin
@_date: 2014-09-11 22:07:01
-no censorship (wikileaks)
-pseudoanonymity (vpns, donations, patrons of furry porn, adult cam); if you care about your privacy: decreased ability to track your spending habits; tipping abilities
-borderless transactions (international remittances, international services)
-no age restriction 
