@_author: thublackplague
@_date: 2019-03-12 20:01:10


That's the one that I'm able to at least get "synchronizing" as opposed to "not connected." The last I checked there was no firewall in any of the updates from Ubuntu and I have not used one intentionally. Thanks for explaining the wallet aspect to me since I was clearly mixing up some other things I read. It looks like my best option is to create the same wallet on my phone and use it there temporarily.
@_date: 2019-03-13 02:40:41
Right now I'm not using VPN anywhere on my home network. I've decided that I need it and plan to use the Bitcoin to purchase the VPN service.  I will be using a flashed VPN router once I have my service established. 
Despite my intention for years to purchase and later invest in Bitcoin, I hadn't taken the leap until now. So ironically it's the VPN service (and my desire for anonymity when I pay for it) that was the kick in the ass I needed to finally do it. When you mentioned the possibility that it could be my ISP blocking the wallet from the network, I thought maybe using my Google Fi mobile phone to create the wallet could bypass any ISP blocking issue. Google just added their own VPN to all of their devices (mine's a Pixel 2). Cool thing is that if the Google VPN causes any issues I can just turn it off and use their mobile network. 
Pretty much just trying to get to the BTC so I can make the purchase and then work out the overall networking stuff later on. I'll have to install the new router and make a lot of home network changes anyway.. including the Electrum wallet. I'm sure I'll figure out what I'm doing wrong and get it going on my PC eventually. Thanks again!!   
@_date: 2019-03-12 19:39:35
Sorry for the confusion. It was a cash transaction at a Bitcoin ATM so that's what I meant by "deposited." I let it sync for over 24 hours.
@_date: 2019-03-12 19:55:44


Ironically, I started the wallet and bought the bitcoin to pay for VPN service for a VPN router I'm purchasing. By chance would connecting through a VPN possibly subvert this ISP activity and allow me to use the wallet on the same computer/network in my home later? I ask because you mentioned recreating the wallet from seed on my phone or a windows computer and I use a GoogleFi phone on its VPN service. I'm thinking if that's the case after that once I have my VPN router in place I could still use the wallet as I originally wanted on the same computer. 
Thank you for explaining the wallet part. I think I misunderstood what I read on another forum. 