@_author: thunderball1
@_date: 2013-12-03 18:38:09
They have to make it simple, 99% of the population has no idea what Bitcoin is. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 16:42:53
Since you need a free account to read, i'll try pasting in the text:
It’s not just the Chinese who are warning about the risks associated with Bitcoin. On Thursday, Business Insider reported that the former president of the Dutch Central Bank Nout Wellink warned that the hype around Bitcoin was worse than Tulip mania in the 17th century.
From BI:
“Sooner or later the facade will fall”, Wellink said, calling bitcoin “pure speculation” and “hype” according to comments reported in the Dutch press. “This is worse than the tulip mania,” he continued. “At least then you got a tulip [at the end], now you get nothing.” Wellink’s comments follow a warning from the Dutch Central Bank about the risks of virtual currencies like bitcoin, which fall outside Dutch financial supervision laws.
Mr. Wellink certainly has a point.
Bitcoin enthusiasts, we’d argue, mistakingly believe they have discovered something new and innovative: the holy grail of wealth that no-one has ever thought of before. But that would be too lucky.
None of this is new. None of the support systems or auxiliary products are new either. As they say on Battlestar Galactica, all this has happened before and it will happen again. Bitcoin is just another manifestation of an idea that has been tried and tested (and failed) many times before.
The only innovation that Bitcoin really offers is a digital and contemporaneous method of solving the double-spending problem, which also prevents forgery.
But the solution is crowd-based, as it always has been with value assets.
Traditional money depends as much on crowd acceptance and verification as Bitcoin does. The crowd (or community) has always been needed to give any financial asset its value. As we’ve argued before, Bitcoin’s real innovation is the digital methodology which allows for an anonymous digital paper trail to be created that can be cross-checked and policed by the community in a way that prevents forgery/double-spending. But this can be adopted by any value system.
And it’s important to emphasise it only replicates in a digital way what traditional money has always done.
For example, traditional money uses serial numbers, sophisticated printing techniques, watermarks and other forms of technology to ensure it is not forged. Its physical nature, meanwhile, ensures it cannot be double spent (unless forged). Retailers and vendors are taught how to differentiate real money from forged money, and decide what’s acceptable for redemption of real world goods and what’s not. They’re incentivised to keep the system honest because the risk burden of accepting forged notes falls on them. This is why they don’t like taking high-value notes, or any notes whose serial numbers can be linked to crime.
In fact, banknote serial numbers are just another form of cryptology. The system knows if there are forged notes, because the serial numbers don’t match, or duplicate. The problem is the speed with which this can be verified.
The rise of Bitcoin clearly shows there is demand for official digital tender that can be cross-checked and verified much more cheaply than current methods — which depend on third parties — allow.
But this does not give Bitcoin intrinsic value.
A classic misunderstanding of the value problem is as follows:
This is the key problem. Bitcoin enthusiasts believe that just because something is scarce and encrypted it has value. By that definition, an individual’s DNA cells should hold as much value as a Bitcoin because they’re equally scarce (linked to one individual) and uniquely coded to differentiate them from all other DNA cells. Yet, we don’t have a financial system that is backed by the physical toenails of specific individuals.
What gives the dollar value is not so much the government, but the government’s ability to tax the community which bestows power on it in the first place. This tax base represents the productive capacity of the collective wealth assets of the US community, its land and its resources. The dollar in that sense is backed by the very real wealth and output of the system. It is not just magic paper.
State currencies lose value when the ability to tax is compromised because the collective wealth of a country and its capacity to produce what it needs has been compromised or because a country’s foreign liabilities cannot be met without impoverishing the nation. In short, whenever there is more money in circulation than goods and assets to be redeemed for it.
Bitcoin, however, is backed by nothing but speculative interest. Anyone acquiring Bitcoin in exchange for national currency is in reality giving up a claim to the productive capacity of that country in exchange for a non-enforceable claim over the productive capacity of a crowd that sits on financial assets rather than productive assets, and has no way to enforce those with productive assets to exchange against it.
As a store of value, it is consequently terribly flawed — since it lacks any mutual interest other than that based on attracting new money into the system, much like any other ponzi scheme.
As a payments system, it has more potential, but only if its extreme volatility is overcome.
This is unlikely, however, because it is not pegged to anything nor is it collateralised. In reality, therefore, it is nothing other than an uncollateralised alternative to Paypal, in which transaction fees flow to anonymous Bitcoin miners rather than a publicly accountable company.
Paypal, just like Bitcoin, issues its own units. But the reason Paypal units don’t fluctuate wildly in value is because every unit is collateralised with the fiat money that’s put into the system. What you put into Paypal, you can consequently get out (much like any money market fund).
The reason PayPal chose to structure itself in this way was to guarantee stability and to inspire trust in its system. It could just as easily have issued uncollateralised units like Bitcoin, but this would have been the equivalent of raising equity — thus entrusting the market to value its units on the company’s potential to make returns for shareholders. Like with any equity stock, this would have left PayPal exposed to capital sell-offs and value loss which would ultimately have to be weathered by the remaining shareholders.
Now that PayPal has acquired a solid reputation for managing money it has been able to get into the business of credit provision. This sees it issuing uncollateralised units, much like a bank. Unlike Bitcoin, however, the company is publicly accountable so it has no interest in over-issuing units (lending willy nilly) to people who may not be able to pay it back (with interest).
Bitcoin on the other hand offers its “equity” holders no return potential at all. The interest which is earned by the system (via transaction fees) instead is collected either by Bitcoin miners or the supporting FX trading platforms.
Those retailers who do choose to accept Bitcoin must, if they are wise, immediately exchange it into real money to avoid volatility risk. Whilst Bitcoin defenders suggest this can be achieved by using systems such as BitPay, it doesn’t entirely eliminate the risk. At least with Paypal, there is a capital buffer to protect retailers if and when there was to be a breakdown in the exchange system due to a loss of faith. Retailers consequently have the confidence to store a PayPal float.
Given that BitPay is more of a custodian than a clearer (the clearing is done by the actual Bitcoin network) retailers entrust it with the power to execute on their behalf. Details about how BitPay really operates, however, are pretty sparse. There’s no telling how well capitalised they really are, how much risk they take with client money or how efficiently they segregate client funds. The idea that a largely unregulated service like BitPay won’t do an MF Global is consequently naive, as is the idea that the system can eliminate all volatility risk or for that matter always provide fair exchange rates without latency. When liquidity vanishes it can vanish quickly, meaning the market can move quicker than your instructions to BitPay can be executed.
From their own terms of use:
We will clear the payments over the Bitcoin peer-to-peer payment network and post the balance to your accounting ledger, according to your preference settings. The debits and credits to your accounting ledger are funds temporarily held by BitPay until settlement to your bank account can take place. You can receive a settlement in your local currency, in Bitcoins, or in a mixture of both. You assume volatility risks of the currency in which you choose to be settled. If you choose to keep bitcoins, then you assume the volatility risk of the bitcoin value.
It’s also not reassuring, we’d add, that CEO Tony Gallippi chooses to publicly identify himself with Christopher Moltisanti on his Linkedin Page.