@_author: thurstjo63
@_date: 2016-04-12 15:06:54




They are seriously deluded. The only way the banks can survive is if they can continue to print money (thus their attempts to co-opt blockchain technology). Once bitcoin's scalability problems are resolved and smart contracts become more ubiquitous whose going to want to use banks for financial intermediation given the state of the overwhelming majority of their balance sheets. The leverage ratios of most banks are even worse than it was in 2007 but at least back then most assets were being marked to market. Now most of those assets are marked to fantasy. They will never be able to sell those assets for the price that they are showing on their books. Consider that even for fracking companies that have gone into administration recently are only getting 10 cents on the dollar. Most banks would implode with just a 4% change in their assets. Image what would happen if they were forced to absorb losses of 90% on their fracking industry loans. Brock Pierce is smoking crack if he thinks banks are going to survive once people are fully aware that it's better and safer to warehouse your money in a bitcoin wallet rather than at their local bank branch (Can you say bail-in which has already started in Austria).
@_date: 2015-12-30 13:43:15
If the question is to allow for the volume of transactions to grow without coming up to any upper bound limits while also reducing the time per transaction, I welcome to hear your view as the best way to address this rather than denigrating the views of others?
@_date: 2016-05-13 11:49:18
I sincerely believe that there have been individuals purposely placed in the bitcoin foundation to block any sort of evolution of bitcoin. It is striking how with the overwhelming majority of open source projects you rarely ever have this level of contention that progress is entirely blocked. That being said, I don't agree with Gavin's post. Decentralization and privacy are critical to individuals, but is something that strikes fear into governments around the world who operate for the benefit of a very few.