@_author: thycoon
@_date: 2018-09-15 11:30:05
I'm serious. I don't know how healthy is it if people can't discuss calmly and reasonably both positive and negative aspects, since everything in this world has its flip sides. I have been living in a bubble, being exposed only to positive news about Bitcoin. Recently I stumbled upon some criticism that I thought was reasonable. Forgive me, but I'm not super active here (hell, I just created my account today) so I didn't know all this FUD has already been discussed here. On the other hand, constantly new people join this subreddit and isn't a daily discussion thread just the proper channel for this kind of questions? It's not like I made a new thread for my questions.
I thought at least some people would be interested in these answers and questions, so I'll try to find relevant sources. Still, I appreciate if someone posts actually something relevant.
For my first question I found a thread where the greater fool theory was discussed:
I'll edit when I find other interesting relevant and constructive essays.
Thanks all for constructive feedback, cheers. 
@_date: 2018-09-15 10:06:40
Hello everyone! I'm rather excited about Bitcoin, blockchains, cryptocurrencies etc. but I've recently heard some criticism that I can't answer myself. Does anyone have answers or relevant links to info that would answer the questions I was asked?
1. Bitcoin is kind of like a pyramid scheme that relies on a greater fool theory, hence all of its value is speculative. Bitcoin is a zero-sum game where someone's gain/win is always someone else’s loss.
2. Governments want to control money, know where it is, who has it, how it’s used etc. they will crush Bitcoin if need to be. Can they really do it, partly, totally? I know it’s decentralized but if no one’s going to use it because of regulation, it’s useless, right?
3. Problem with cryptocurrencies is that new different ones can be created constantly, there could always be a new Facebook-Myspace situation.
4. Bitcoin doesn't have brand value or sentimental value, unlike gold for example. Gold is probably the most well-known brand, it has been known for thousands of years, promoted by royalty for centuries, used as art, it’s also the most valuable medal in all competitive events and what not.
5. Bitcoin doesn't pay dividends or interest. Bitcoin doesn't have intrinsic value, so what value it actually has? (Besides speculative value). It's only based on the idea that someone else is going to pay even more for it.
6. Blockchain technology is going to change the world much more than Bitcoin or Ethereum. Only blockchain is relevant.
7. “I want official cryptocurrency, not a coin that 50% of it's owned by only a 1000 people.“ Central banks will create their own cryptocurrency that can be trusted. Thanks to blockchain technology, the amount of coins would be tracked transparently. Shift to central bank crypto would be done just like countries in Europe did when they shifted to euro. Like Jim Rogers has said ‘Cryptos Are Smart, But Governments Have The Guns!
Thanks in advance if anyone has any leads to answers!
**EDIT**: Woah, my post really ruffled the feathers of some people. I understand many of my questions were provocative (like the pyramid scheme part) and perhaps silly, but I meant no harm. However, I got one relevant and constructive comment by the user Hanspanzer, much appreciated. Anyone is welcome to add to his and my comments. Cheers.
@_date: 2018-09-15 18:02:02
Thank you for your answer! Good points.
1a I have to slightly disagree with the gold statement, since gold has also uses, like in electronics industry. FIAT money I don't trust so I wouldn't hold it more than needed, there I agree.
1b I also think it's unlikely for Bitcoin to crash to zero, since there should always be a group of people that appreciate a decentralized system. Best case scenario, mass adoption.
2 I agree, new altcoins coming to market and beating Bitcoin is a weak argument, it's possible but doesn't happen overnight or surprisingly.
3 The claim that Bitcoin doesn't have any brand value bothered me as well when I heard it and hence wanted  opinions from you people here in I've read loads of news how youth has more trust in Bitcoin than your traditional banking, also Bitcoin ATM's, and vendor acceptance spreading across the world - if that's not brand recognition then what is? And Bitcoin is still young, is it fair to compare it gold in this aspect?
4 'Nothing has intrinsic value' I'm not sure about that but can't really argue against that with my current knowledge.  Isn't gold's use in electronics an intrinsic value? But 100% agree with your list, such as censorship resistance etc.
5 I still have to study more why Blockchain itself isn't enough.
6 But would it really if it was linked to something of value? Nothing relevant to comment here, sorry.
@_date: 2018-09-15 16:22:18
Yes, I did use google. Didn't find anything or anyone that could explain why Bitcoin is not just a greater fool theory type of investment. Quite the opposite. Neither can anyone here answer the question, instead avoiding difficult topics by branding my posts as FUD and what not.  If I could, I would probably go back and post just this one question, since I realize I have many silly questions that perhaps made many upset. However, I find it odd that I can't find a good argument for my first question. 
@_date: 2018-09-15 13:18:12
Thanks, calling it a pyramid scheme was probably a bit provocative. However, the greater fool theory still bothers me the most. You don't gain interest or dividends, so only hope is to sell it to someone else for higher price. However, my thinking is that Bitcoin's deflationary nature could be the counter argument, assuming that Bitcoin will continue to become more popular and valuable -- which I hope it does. 