@_author: thyrotoxic
@_date: 2014-03-26 02:51:55
Worldwide financial collapse means there would be far less need for work, as nobody has any money to buy things now. Less work means no income, no income (and no money because the banks lost it) means no food. No food means starvation and death. 
Of course for libertarians that's probably just fine but I personally like financial and social safety nets provided by the government, even if I don't currently use them. I may one day need them and I'm also not greedy and immoral enough to let people die without them. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:56:41
It's not misogyny if the game is bad. What does that even mean?
If you're a straight white bloke of course you're not going to care about sex or skin colour or sexual orientation. You're the default model in the Western world. Being a white straight man is awesome. You don't get abused because of your sexuality or race or gender. Diversity frankly is not a thing that applies to white men in video games. White men are video games.
I literally have no idea what you're talking about in most of your second paragraph. Nobody's saying you can't criticise somebody because they're black or a woman or gay. People are just saying you can't send rape and death threats to somebody because they critique your hobby and they're not a guy. 
I enjoyed [this tweet]( though to show just how much GG actually cares about ethics. 
@_date: 2014-03-25 21:19:24
Are you implying you're going to fight off the US government so you don't have to pay taxes? I'm sure the FBI would be interested in that. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:38:45
So you're literally saying gaming is the last stand for misogyny? And you wonder why the mainstream media that has a significant number of female reporters might not take GG seriously. An ideology of treating women as equal to men is seeping into gaming. How terrible. 
Next time I read a review I'm going to be annoyed if the storyline is terrible and they actually let that affect the final score. Reviewers shouldn't actually be allowed to review things because reasons. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 01:20:14


Hang on reviews are opinions of the reviewer right? So if the reviewer takes issue on the game because the storyline is crap, or the dialogue or the graphics that's fine. But if the reviewer takes issues with it because of the over-sexualisation of the main character that is somehow corruption? Critiquing an art form does not affect a developer's artistic freedom. It doesn't for TV, movies, books or music why should it for vgs? What you're saying is that because you disagree with a particular review the reviewer is now corrupt? Ironically succumbing to outside pressure to change what you've written is not good journalistic ethics.
Reviewing something is not a scientific exercise, it is literally all about feels. It's how reviews of every piece of media works, games being no exception. 
SJWs clearly do something though. According to kia they run the video games press for a start. They've also got developers actually thinking about how female characters should be portrayed so that women actually feel included for once. I don't see how having a female lead that isn't wearing a skin-tight latex bodysuit and sporting massive tits has destroyed anything. It's like saying because some of the leaders in Civ5 are women the game is now ruined. 
If by SJW leanings you mean normal centre and centre-left mainstream press publication leanings then sure. Feminism is widely excepted in every art form nowadays. Except for gaming for some reason. The whole gamers was dead thing is saying the trope that gamers are all young, white, middle-class males who live in their parents basements and have no social life. 
Most people now game. Angry birds is one of the best selling games in history. The Wii is one of the most popular consoles ever made. My grandparents play temple run, my mum plays clash of clans, my dad plays FIFA. Everybody is a gamer nowadays. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 15:34:42
I've seen that. I did see a full on neo-nazi arguing that the French empire type leader wasn't white because she was also part Spanish haha.  
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:05:14
Well I've heard of one case of the Breitbart writer. Seems to be a one off thing. It's not been happening for months and months to multiple different pro-GG people like it has with various female gaming people. It's not a constant stream of shit being thrown at men in the video games industry like it is to women. 
I still have no idea what people like Sarkeesian have to do with ethics in gaming journalism btw. She's not a journalists, she doesn't make games, she's made a series of videos critiquing an art form about how women are treated in video games and has just been abused for it. She's also got literally nothing to do with any gaming media organisations, funded everything herself and she doesn't let huge amounts of pressure sway her opinions on games. Seems like a really ethical person if she ever goes into journalism. 
Why does GG focus on her and Quinn even though they've got nothing to do with journalism? Why did Quinn get all this abuse instead of the male friend who wrote the review (I mean he didn't because the whole thing was made up but still)?
And then you have posts [like this]( which pretty much shows channers organising the whole thing literally to attack women. It doesn't look great for a group considered about "ethics". 
You got mentioned in SPLC's [Hatewatch Headlines]( last month though! Congrats on that!
@_date: 2014-11-09 23:29:46
You can't really have an under the radar partnership when you're advertising on a public forum. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 23:20:53
You know this is a public forum right?
@_date: 2014-06-14 17:38:11
No crazy libertarians call it stealing. 
@_date: 2014-11-10 02:07:51
I still don't get what SJWs have done aside from writing a review....
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:57:03
I'm not arguing. I am as, conspiratards would say (who also seem to be big fans of GG, considering a former spokesperson of GG is a holocaust denier), just asking questions?
What corruption in games industry are these mythical, all-powerful SJWs causing?
@_date: 2014-03-26 00:06:47
Well I'd rather pay some money for a modicum of control than risk losing all my money and life because of the negligence of a single organisation, like mt. gox for instance. Also taxes go towards a lot more than the military.
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:27:10
What about SJWs then? I mean that term is pretty much thrown around in every single kia thread. What does social justice have to do with ethics in journalism?
@_date: 2014-03-26 01:25:50
So you'd have let banks fail and collapse the world into a depression that would have probably been responsible for the deaths of millions after they lost their money and jobs? Good job. 
@_date: 2014-11-09 23:28:16
There's also been a vicious campaign of bullying and hate against various women in gaming. Actual bullying and hate involving death threats, rape threats, threats to shoot up a university because a woman was going to speak there. Threats that have forced people out of their houses because they've feared for their safety. 
That's why nobody takes gamer gate seriously. It's a misogynistic clusterfuck that ironically proves what social justice people have been saying about gaming all along. 
Bitcoin proponents are pretty hilariously stupid at times but I've always viewed them at worst as a little callous and naive, most of the time they're all quite nice and helpful. I don't think they've ever threatened to rape a bitcoin critic.
Edit:Thanks for the gold bitcoin peeps. :D
@_date: 2014-11-10 00:47:03
Ah so it's like Occupy then? A vague broad movement with no real leaders or goals. Yup this is not going to change a thing (aside from perhaps make the word gamer even more associated with misogyny than it already is to non-gaming people). 
SJWs are a source of most of the corruption? Corruption such as? Wanting to portray women in video games as real people rather than sex objects or background scenery?
@_date: 2014-03-26 03:06:46
Well for centuries out populations hasn't been anywhere near 7 billion and mortality was rather high... 