@_author: ti0223
@_date: 2019-11-08 01:45:49
True, I see your point.  Although, even houses can be bought with bitcoin.  I'm not too sure how that works though.
@_date: 2019-11-07 06:17:07
The IRS wouldn't make the mistake of confiscating bitcoin because it would set a cascade of events in motion leading towards the eventual downfall of not just the US Dollar but all Fiat currency globally.  So, go ahead and tell them all about your crypto but simply remind them that any attempt to confiscate cryptocurrency is ushering it in as a replacement for fiat currency.  Then, let them make the mistake of confiscating it.  Then, watch the government fall...
Btw, I'm the owner of wallet: 967 (and a bunch of other "wallet:  adresses that I made when messing round with the bitcoin core client back in 2010).  Hey IRS, come at me bro!  Y'all really want a revolution?  Let them try to take my btc...see what happens.
@_date: 2019-11-02 17:18:07
This is why something faster such as litecoin or Tron could be used like the clearing houses that banks use to allow for instant verification of transactions.  Bitcoin is a great backbone blockchain but admittedly slow, that's a fact.  However, it is still viable for replacement of traditional banking methods.  The point I'm getting at is that banks aren't relevant anymore.  The traditional banking industry is obsolete.  It's only a matter of time before we can directly complete transactions without banks.  The only obstacle is resistance from the current banking infrastructure that is trying to maintain control.  Once crypto currency becomes the path of least resistance, it will become the new status quo.  That is exactly what banks are trying to prevent.
@_date: 2019-10-25 03:52:32
Using any bank to use bitcoin defeats the purpose of bitcoin. Just use the bitcoin itself.  It was created to facilitate a person to person method to eliminate third party transactions.  There's no risk of some "breach" because it is cryptographically secure.  
The whole idea of bitpay is like pushing a car instead of driving it.  ...Just drive the car...  
If you need a third party solution, just use another crypto currency.  Don't go use a bank. Just be your own bank. That's why it all started in the first place.
@_date: 2019-10-25 16:30:55
Your mindset seems to still be rooted in the idea that fiat currency is somehow necessary.  The only reason bitcoin isn't being used instead of fiat currency is because governments are entirely reliant on maintaining the status quo.
@_date: 2019-10-25 03:53:54
Taxable events can only sometimes be a benefit if you pay taxes.
Why pay taxes at all?
@_date: 2019-10-26 18:34:29
The (any) government would have to acknowledge it as having intrinsic value like gold and assign representative value to their own fiat currency.  Once that happens, they lose control.  Doing so would effectively make the status quo (fiat of the country that acknowledged bitcoin) worthless.  Because of this, a government entity can only try to use scare tactics until then.    Once a government attempts to see a coin, they would set a precedent that would destroy the entire fiat based economy globally.  By extension, it would effectively destroy the global banking industry because Bitcoin doesn't use third parties (banks) so governments can't regulate and tax the transactions.  If governments can't tax, they lose their income.  They'd be cutting off their income and lose the authority to govern entirely.  Anarchocapitalism would take over the world and we would all live happily ever after.  So, we should do everything in our power to try and make this a reality.  If the IRS attempted to confiscate bitcoin it would only end up in a reversal of power.  Bitcoin is superior to fiat and the reason it is constantly in the crosshairs of regulators is because it would result in their unemployment.