@_author: tiamats
@_date: 2018-09-17 23:45:29
Thanks for pointing it out, I removed the referral link. They don't accept crypto directly, but I think it's up for debate whether that qualifies this as off-topic, any publicity is good publicity and how many times have you seen a license plate or sticker in the wild make it to the front page? :P although they do accept PayPal so if you had a BitPay Prepaid Card you could pay with Bitcoin.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:41:10
Money, duh :P He sells [subscriptions]( for members which grant access to some of his movies and a virtual classroom I guess? As well as access to events where he's presenting and speaking. Looks like he also sells crystals in "special" shapes on his website which he's dubbing [Ark® Technology]( so, sorry to the folks over at lol.
@_date: 2018-03-20 13:25:02
Lmao Nassim is a total hack, the core issue is his claims are purely philosophical, so you can't refute them with and the few numbers he throws around provide no actual answers and don't validate the conclusions he jumps to. That's not science. Nassim peddles it as much and his viewers eat it up because while they probably don't know much about modern physics, they can readily absorb whatever Nassim says because it intuitively makes sense, and FEEL smart while doing so. But just because it makes sense in your head doesn't mean it has any bearing on reality. I can't SEE the curvature of the Earth, so the Earth must be flat right? 
And before you tell me to actually give him a chance, trust me I poured over his material years ago and watched Black Whole stoned out of my mind to pull my friend's head out of his ass about this stuff. It's entertaining af, WHAT IF yknow, but that's all it is, entertainment. It's your choice to believe what you'd like, but don't go spreading pseudophilosophical ideas as "evidence", that's delusional.
edit: for anyone seeing this and who are unfamiliar, check out the top posts from [Nassim's subreddit]( and tell me that isn't just a bunch of and reposts lmao
edit 2: for the lols, here's one of his more popular movies that I mentioned, [Black Whole]( which I like to think of as Bill Nye meets The Room. Skip to 6:17 for cinematic gold