@_author: tibit_justin
@_date: 2018-01-26 19:25:54
@_date: 2018-01-23 13:25:09
Lolwut?!?!  No, Revolut is neither owned nor operated by Barclays. Where does that come from...
@_date: 2018-01-15 21:51:02
I suspect lots of random people (typically those running full nodes) will also operate a lightning relay node, with a number of channels that are 'helpful' to shorten hop counts, and probably zero fee.
As things settle, I can't imagine there not appearing an open source relay node package that automatically identifies routes where a shorter path would be useful, and configure itself accordingly.
Obviously, things have a way to go until we're at that stage, but I think in the longer term, the bulk of the relaying lightning network will be provided as much by the community as by companies.  I can't see any reason why this wouldn't happen.
@_date: 2018-01-15 14:41:55
Good info, but we all need to start being more specific about the different roles involved. 
e.g. As I understand it, someone providing a few 'interior channels' to help the network as a 'node' rather than a consumer, absolutely does need to 'lock up' some funds to provide the liquidity.  
But this is very different to a consumer (who, ideally, will need just a single 'edge channel') where your analogy of moving funds from a bank to a wallet is bang on) 
Or a merchant, who will probably want a redundant pair of 'edge channels', and where funds are 'locked up' in the same way that money in the till is 'locked up' until it's deposited at the bank at the end of a trading period (I.e. not locked up at all, really)
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:41:03
UX is the only correct answer I think.  Coinbase tries hard to appear as a WALLET, not an EXCHANGE. 
I am convinced that talk of 'trading' and things like graphs of market depth and order types is far and away the thing that drives 'normal people' to coinbase rather than the alternatives.
Circle were 'there' until they were dissuaded from consumer facing crypto.
@_date: 2018-01-02 09:30:22
Guide  Merchants and merchant services. How to identify some well connected disparate LN nodes, and establish redundant channels to two or three of them.
Guide  Consumers. How to connect and fund a channel that will find a route to most LN merchants.
Guide  I already run a full node, and want to help get LN established.  How do we set up a LN node that can get this thing ticking over by setting up and funding some channels?  I don't care about fees, let's worry about that down the line.
Either I've misunderstood, or the big bit that's missing is network discovery of LN nodes to connect to and build out the LN network... I'm bored with all the (hopefully) dumbed down 'guides' that imagine me opening a channel with every merchant I wan't to buy from, and the glory represented by my flatmate being able to use LN at the same shops 'cos we set up that channel for the rent.
How does the open LN network get built? How do users create useful-in-the-real-world common channels? Is there a logo for merchants? I'm gonna do my bit, but perhaps that nebulous 'somebody' needs to start putting together words that move on from crypto-smarts, to real-world use cases and modes.
Nb. Edited to add: I'm not saying that I expect this today, but I am anxious that I have yet to see discussion around this stuff...
@_date: 2018-01-30 19:05:12
Bitcore Cash?
@_date: 2018-01-14 16:33:19
No, that's unnecessarily complicated. The obvious simple solution is to double the number of lanes!
@_date: 2017-12-11 16:01:55
Important: you don't get the value of the bitcoin on settlement day.  You get the difference between your futures contact strike price, and the market price.  I.e. You are contracted to PAY the price of your contact, and the counterparty is contracted to sell you the (USD equivalent of) bitcoin for that amount. 
It's important to keep in mind that you are just entering into a contract to buy, which MUST be executed at the strike price on settlement day. 
These are all written in the context of a 'long' position (I.e. You are the buyer) but for every contract, there has to be someone opposite you, 'shorting' (selling) and betting on the price going the opposite way.
Even if you expect the market price to go up, you may think that the futures have gone up too far for some future month, and take out a short position on that contract.
Don't think of it as simply long/buy means expect price going up from now, and short/sell means expect price going down from now. 
For those struggling to wrap their heads around these futures, it will probably help to first think in terms as though the settlement was in actual bitcoin, and once that's making sense, adjust your thinking for settlement in the USD difference between contracted and market price for bitcoin on settlement day.
FWIW, I used to muck about with trading oil futures (both for physical commodity, and USD equivalent) several years back, somewhat successfully.  I don't feel remotely inclined to touch bitcoin futures.  Scary!  And frequent margin calls I expect...
@_date: 2017-08-07 10:31:41
OMG why I didn't realise this before!?!?
I am no longer troubled by fiat inflation. I now understand that, even when my $1 notes are worth a fraction of what they are now in real terms, I'll still be able to buy shit with $10 notes. How amazing is that!?!?  Thanks OP!
@_date: 2017-11-14 19:55:04
You say you swept this address to the blockchain.info wallet.
In my understanding, a sweep transfers the entire balance?
But your originating address 1Ca15MELG5DzYpUgeXkkJ2Lt7iMa17SwAo sent only 9btc to 15ZwrzrRj9x4XpnocEGbLuPakzsY2S4Mit (presumably the blockchain.info address), the change of 31.4 btc being returned to your originating address.
But what if even more 'curious' is that, after forwarding the 9 btc (less fees) to the 'thieves' address 18GXosbdVidH4LhWUe6XgdLo7fvDiTTyQ6, the coins just remain there, which is not remotely what you would expect from someone with the ability to pull off such a heist.
In fact, the recipient address has a history that doesn't look remotely shady.  
So who the fuck knows... Perhaps blockchain.info can at least tell you if the final TX was made through their wallet interface, or completely externally?
@_date: 2017-11-07 19:50:31
Don't know what you're saying. I'm clearly being misquoted here because I don't even know that Reddit has an edit function and never make silly mistakes like that.   :-)
@_date: 2017-11-30 19:07:28
There's a bunch of posts where people complain of their money being transferred out of their blockchain.info wallets.  They tend to get very few comments, so will never make the front page.  Typically, the OP is just assured that there must be malware on their machine etc (which I still think is most likely).
If someone has the time, it'd be worth 
* scraping bitcoin addresses from all posts here (or perhaps keyword filter by 'stolen', 'hacked', etc
* checking to see if they are 'genuine' or 'derived' addresses,
* seeing if a single wallet provider pops out more than would be expected.
@_date: 2017-11-06 17:31:22
Pah! It costs me £15 per TX and can take three days to get a USDcoin transaction confirmed. Smaller transactions can go via atomic swaps on VISAcoin or other sidechains of course...
@_date: 2017-11-14 18:38:47
Lee is Ver spelled backwards.
@_date: 2017-11-07 21:59:51
Most, not all, tax avoidance is immoral.  Of course, morality is personal and subjective.  Saying things like "nothing is wrong with tax avoidance" also creates a perception.
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:20:05
Ignore the misleading headline...
From the summary: "not simply a crypto-currency"
From the text: "He says bitcoin could go beyond being a crypto-currency"
@_date: 2017-11-10 15:51:00
We need someone with detailed knowledge to inform us (ideally with references) the exact legalese behind "requested an equivalent amount of bitcoin to be paid out in Japanese yen".
I know this isn't true for most BTC holders - perhaps it is true for some and has just been conflated to all; or is there some legal process thing that happened that converted the BTC claims to yen?  
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:09:33
"Newly mined" is dangerous, in the sense that the block could get orphaned, you want that Satoshi to have survived several confirmations on the chain you want to lock your transaction to first.
And of course, someone will want you to cover the TX fee to send you (or split out) the Satoshi to include in your TX.  Hopefully we'll see a couple of easy to use, verifiable services offering 1x chain only coins to mix in.
Still, this is all just so much technobabble to the great majority of bitcoin holders (let alone deliberate RBF-catalyzed bi-spends).  The only hope for most of them is either (1) they're yet to learn to not keep their coins *ON* exchanges etc, and their wallet provider is honorable, capable, responsible, and helpful; or (2) that one chain quickly becomes irrelevant, and they never need to think about it.
If we get to a world where some merchants etc are 2x, some are 1x, and both chains meaningfully survive, then we are probably looking at an extended period of utter confusion for anyone who isn't a bit cryptogeek.
I remain hopeful for a quick resolution. Miners supporting a contentious hard fork are attacking everyone with a Bitcoin balance, but especially the less knowledgeable. So far, bitcoin has shrugged off everything thrown at it.  This might yet go the same way.
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:46:53
If this is gonna be stickied, then perhaps a link to the twitter feed from down below should be included, 'cos that's pretty damning evidence against Bittrex, and goes quite a long way to support OP, or at least balance out the allegations against OP.
Or 
Twitter 
@_date: 2017-11-10 23:50:32
It impacts BTC price I suspect...
Last BCH emergency difficulty adjustment (EDA) before the Nov 13 BCH hard fork to ensure 10 min blocks is currently underway (check fork.lol) ... BCH Miners last chance to turbo generate block rewards before the fork has been gifted a huge bonus from those who saw the death of BTC 2X as a reason to swap BTC for BCH.
Expect a rebalancing after the EDA 'expires', the new difficulty algorithm is implemented, and miners start to sell down the BCH 'earned' from this latest, final, 3 mins per block period.
Can't be arsed myself, but it might be interesting for someone to chart the derivative of BCH price movements against the derivative of BCH difficulty, and see if price starts to rise ahead of the EDAs.
That would be the biggest signal of a miner orchestrated pump and dump, and if it exists, I suspect there will be a lagging, inverted, smaller signal reflected in the differential of the BTC price.
For myself, I'm shrugging off the current BCH huge increase, and matching BTC dip, because I expect it to resolve after the BCH Nov 13 hard fork, which will remove a lot off opportunity for miner BCH price manipulation, and expect a subsequent BTC rebound.
FWIW disclaimer: the only BCH I haven't sold are locked up on coinbase, and OMG do I wish I could sell them for BTC right fucking now!!!
@_date: 2017-11-07 13:50:19
Hash power follows profitability not price.
Price is just one factor in the reward equation.
The bitcoin cash fork makes this abundantly clear, with hash power dramatically swinging back and forth, while price remains fairly constant. 
And, to some extent, price may follow hash power, because slow blocks and thus limited tx throughput may reduce value and perceived viability.
It is complicated, and near impossible to predict, with multiple feedback mechanisms that vary over time. 
That said, I suspect price will play the far biggest factor, and that 2x will wither as a result. But far from certain how it will go. It may be weeks before confidence in the outcome is justified, or it might be hours.
@_date: 2017-11-29 16:09:07
Caught in a moonslide
@_date: 2017-11-07 17:17:27
The European Union had been going after Apple pretty dang hard for quite a while now.
@_date: 2017-11-08 20:53:59
Saying dumb things like "Blockstream’s total control of bitcoin" doesn't move your agenda forward, it just makes you look dumb.
That said, there are at least grounds for a perception of a potential conflict of interest between BlockStream's business model and on-chain scaling.  I'm grateful that Blockstream continues to fund some of the best contributors to bitcoin core, and mightily relieved at today's withdrawal of the 2x threat, but...
I do wonder if it might be helpful if Blockstream key players volunteered to self recuse from bitcoin ON-chain scaling issues going forward? Not because of any wrongdoing, but simply because a perception of a potential conflict of interest is fuel for a fire we don't need right now.
And it's not like there isn't plenty of other bitcoin improvement stuff that needs attending to.
I hope that this is a discussion the blockstream folk will engage in amongst themselves, and let us know what they conclude.
@_date: 2017-11-21 16:12:52
'd' is for daemon, a type of program that runs in the background without a user interface.
The standard bitcoin reference client (known as bitcoin core) includes both the GUI version, and the daemon version, which is called bitcoind, which is the unix convention.
You can find it here: 
@_date: 2017-11-10 20:32:21
So, after digging, I can answer my own question.


 [taking note of the caveats, especially: *The information presented is not legal advice, is not to be acted on as such, may not be current and is subject to change without notice.*]
Their lawyer continues (informally and summarised):


Anyone who got Goxed (or just has an interest) should spend some time at  
[edited to add:  it'd hardly be surprising if 'valuation of claims' meant valuation in the legal currency of the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy - I can imagine that if you had USD on deposit at a failed Japanese institution that went bankrupt, you would reasonably expect your claim to be for the equivalent in JPY.]
@_date: 2017-10-05 17:00:17
Do not know if /goodbot
@_date: 2017-10-30 21:12:42
Uhh. No.
If you care about other people at all, if empathy matters to you, then you will wait a couple of years at least.
That way, you can share in the common experience of 90% of us, and truly know what it feels like to wistfully look back and wonder why the fork you didn't start buying bitcoin when you first wondered if you should.
If you're a sociopath with no regard for the feelings of people who make mistakes, then yes, you do that, go buy some coin and rub our noses in it, arsehole.
@_date: 2017-10-27 17:19:57


Why have so many people conflated the clear intended purpose of miner's hashrate 'voting' — which is *entirely* to determine which blocks and transactions get built upon (i.e. form the valid chain) WITHIN the established consensus rules — with the idea that this responsibility, and accompanying payment, gives *any* special rights around changing those consensus rules?
Is it just that people read that 'miners choose which is the valid chain' and are incapable of putting that into the context in which it was intended, and has  meaning?  
**It's like saying that because a *jury* has (ideally) the complete right to decide the outcome of a *trial*, that also means they get to change the *judge* if they don't like his/her attitude.**
It's just daft - **miners, like juries, have been delegated a fundamental responsibility *within* the system, not *over* the system.**  Hashrate *must not* have any say over the rules that define how the system works, otherwise the whole concept falls apart.


@_date: 2018-03-01 11:20:13
When you say "using my mobile" do you mean an App, or just web-browser?
If web-browser, you were probably on a real-time phishing site with a similar URL rather than blockchain.info, and hardly the first to make this mistake.
If mobile App, check very carefully if the app is 'genuine' - might be worth sharing the app store link to the actual app you installed.
@_date: 2017-10-18 09:50:04
Sounds a lot like what you might have recorded for blockchain.info wallets.
Especially those 'blockchains' guids.
But the company only launched Aug 2011.  So that doesn't really fit your timeline.
@_date: 2017-10-30 12:38:25
How so?  (or to put it another way, you're just wrong - again)
You might want to pull up your zippers, 'cos your agenda is peeking out.
@_date: 2017-10-15 14:10:36
This is awesome.
Even a couple of dozen (major commercial providers), where there is a real service market, and every merchant knows they can, at any time, bring it in-house, or switch providers, with no drama, would be ideal.  
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:08:53
You're just being obtuse, deliberately convoluting the words to achieve some agenda that's not clear to me. Yes, you're technically right, but by arguing semantics, in a way that obscures the plain-english easy-to-comprehend way the author has set out the information.
I understand what you're saying, but you're simply wrong to portray this as a 'mistake' by the author or myself. 
The mortgage contact effectively transfers ownership if the mortgagee defaults. It's not a giant leap to go from there to the valid perception that the mortgager in some sense, if not precisely correct, owns the property.  In fact, this is exactly how most people perceive it, at least colloquially.
@_date: 2017-10-27 20:17:53
No - you have the meaning of both references mostly backwards.
— — —


means almost to the same thing as


enforced = 'decide between' 
any needed rules and incentives = 'underlying protocol rules'
Satoshi's words here simply say that: the system as described, *can* enforce any rule-set that fits.  He isn't saying *anything* about the derivation, source, or modification of those rules.  
The implication is that they are defined external to the system described (because if they were internal, that would be mentioned *somewhere* in the system description, and the paper is otherwise complete is describing what it sets out to define)
[edit to note: the Incentive section does suggest, broadly, how miners are incentivised to stay honest, which is the specific subset of consensus rules that are necessarily intrinsic to the system as a whole]
— — —


No no no....
This bit you quote, along with the rest of Chapter 4, is STILL talking about chain integrity, not protocol changes, or *any other* sort of decision making.
Context makes this inescapable:
That para continues, with a follow-on sentence "To modify a past block ..." 
The sentence in-between talks about "the honest chain" and 'honest nodes', NOT the 'winning' or 'approved' or any other kind of chain variance
He is saying the problem of "determining representation in majority decision making" is basically eliminated, *not* implying some additional function.  
In fact, that phrase:


... comes pretty close to being the *key* sentence that says: 'Hi world - I've got a solution to the byzantine generals' trust problem'.  It's entirely about chain integrity.
— — —
Link for anyone wanting to dive in 
@_date: 2017-10-28 05:13:04
Not sure if you're bring deliberately misleading, or are just out of date? Those comments pre-date the resolution of the issues that earlier RBF proposals had. 
You quote Charlie Lee, but Lightcoin is deploying RBF.
You quote Adam Back, but here he is advocating for RBF in the style it was ultimately deployed.
And just for good measure, here is Jeff Garzik giving his support to the RBF pull request that was incorporated into bitcoin.
Basically: it took a while to work out how to do it safely, and early proposals were problematic and contentious, but the potential benefits were clear, so people kept working on it until an approach was found that basically everyone agreed on, and it was deployed.
Subsequently, it has served various "interested parties" to dredge up the debates around old, resolved problems, and present them as though they are still relevant. Many see things like the outdated quotes you provide, and are misled.  Context matters.
@_date: 2017-10-27 21:52:26


That is NOT what I meant, and it makes no sense to put the words 'consensus' and 'established by ... majority' in the same sentence like that.  The concepts are, by definition, contradictory.
It is the 'true blockchain history' which is 'is established by a cumulative majority of hash power.'
Or as Satoshi wrote it: 


Consensus is a much softer concept (which is why it get's misused so much, and not just in relation to blockchains, the term 'scientific consensus' also suffers from similar problems.)
In Satoshi's carefully-written white-paper, the term is only used *once*, as the second-to-last-word.
To-date (and this *could* change), the 'established consensus rules' commonly refers to the rules that are encoded in the reference bitcoin client, which virtually every other bitcoin implementation derives from, and which are used to transact, store, and mine bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-10-27 18:19:57
Sometimes I think it would be good (for Bitcoin) if BlockStream, and closely associated individuals, decided to recuse themselves from the *on-*chain scaling debate, both publicly, and internally within 'core'.
There are plenty of other areas to focus on, and their clearly is at least a justifiable perception of the possibility of a conflict-of-interest.
On the other hand, these are perhaps some of the best minds and hearts in the Bitcoin space, and I can see how and why these folk would not want to let go of having as much input as possible into  something that is so critical and important to the future success of Bitcoin, regardless of what it might mean for BlockStream.
But - from a dial-back-the-heat, PR, and community perspective, that *perception of the possibility of a conflict-of-interest* is something that they could (although I'm sure it would be with anguish) avoid.  And it will likely only get worse.
I dunno. I wouldn't want to be them. Tricky situation.
  (in case it wasn't obvious)
@_date: 2017-10-05 17:43:26
Disagree. I think the article is simple and clear.  
Of course you can't forgive a loan on a property you don't effective own, that's the whole point of the article. Claiming they did is the fraud.
Your point on ownership of the mortgage, vs the property, while perhaps technically correct, is just splitting semantics. 
Owning the mortgage implies a lien, which is effectively owning an interest in the property.
Most people easily understand that, when they borrow to 'own' a property, the bank's lien means the bank effectively 'owns' both the mortgage and the property, and thus the bank has 'lent' against a property it subsequently 'owns'.
@_date: 2017-10-05 19:41:49
Can someone provide a link explaining what a 2x blacklisted address is please? Is this something to do with the 'opt in reply protection'?
@_date: 2017-10-27 22:13:27
So this is basically an imitation of Replace By Fee (RBF), with some cross-subsidisation going on to make it free for smaller tx, and paying one of the big mining outfits directly to prioritise the transaction, rather than doing it in an open, standard, on-blockchain manner.
Still, useful to know about, because OMG  ain't user friendly yet!  
I suspect though, that the service is being provided by, or with the help of, mining operations that have been busy on r/btc spreading FUD about how truly awful RBF is, and how it's is another example of how core is evil, and how thay're destroying Satoshi's bitcoin, even though:


— — —
Oh, yeah, and probably [okay, speculating] one of the pools that has just switched over to BCH mining, that's largely responsible for the mempool spike in the first place.  *If* that's true, that's brilliant.  Callous, manipulative, price gouging, but brilliant.  
See this is why Satoshi set out that it's the miners who should decide consensus rules, because they only care about the long term health of the ecosystem  /s
@_date: 2017-10-30 20:44:18
Just buy more than you spend. HODL AND TRANSACT!
Support yourself, and the planet. 
@_date: 2018-02-14 08:58:23
The software should maybe be renamed to 'the bitcoin reference client' or somesuch. I think that having a brand (which is what 'Core' is in effect) doesn't help anyone except people who want to throw stones. I agree that the software implementation needs a moniker to distinguish it from Bitcoin the network/blockchain/currency, but there's no reason that moniker shouldn't be descriptive.
@_date: 2017-10-05 17:05:10


Bonus for oldfags (you know who you are):


OMG these people are evil:


@_date: 2017-10-27 20:46:42
Within the context of the system Satoshi is describing (because this quote is also taken out of context) ASICs *fully* conform to what he is describing.
The key bit here is ASICs do *work*.  In the paper, he never suggests hash rate is an indicator of consensus.  He describes the system as a whole as a 'consensus mechanism' at the very end.
We should be careful not to buy into the suggestion that, when he wrote the paper, he said hash-rate has anything to do with the consensus-rule-set.  
About the only place the two touch, is in Chapter 6, which is about defining the rule-set to incentivise miners to remain honest. i.e. when hashrate and consensus-rules are mentioned together, basically in the entire paper, it is in the context of rules-control-miners NOT miners-control-rules.
— — —
That said, it seems likely, at the time he wrote the paper, Satoshi did not envisage ASIC (or even GPU) mining, because otherwise I suspect he would have used a more generic term than 'CPU power'; and in that context, it seems near-certain that he also envisaged much more distributed and 'democratic' mining.
@_date: 2018-02-26 20:58:39
Stuff like mandatory reporting of large or suspicious transactions. Easily googled, e.g. "EU AML directive"
@_date: 2017-10-05 16:45:46
Despite the dumb graph, and the incongrous headline, the article is worth a read.
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:24:55
So the great discovery is... 
A technology designed to be as chaotic as possible (hashing) resembles processes that are naturally chaotic 
I.e. minor variations in input can result in huge (and unpredictable) variations in output...
Almost the very definition of butterfly-wing-flap-driven-storms and good hashing algorithms. Gee wizz.
@_date: 2018-04-19 22:49:19
Unless it's rent.
@_date: 2018-04-28 15:20:15
I wouldn't bother...
@_date: 2017-10-05 18:44:42
Honestly, first thing I do in waking, before checking the BTC/USD rate, is check BCH/BTC. I don't know why... I already dumped (lol, morning things) all my BCH except the tiny bit Coinbase have... I think I'm just trying to convince myself the world is still somewhat rational!
But yeah, BTC/BCH, then BTC/USD, then Google news to see if the world exploded while I slept...
@_date: 2017-07-19 09:59:35
According to CIO: Back on BIP91 as of 3 hours ago, was a technical problem.
@_date: 2017-07-20 20:43:28
Erm, what? You see me saying it's a shame that they* haven't felt or been able to be more vocal with what I suspect they* actually feel and believe, as 'smack talk'? 
* generalisation, obviously, 'core' is not monolithic. Hence why I said 'more core developers. But you read 'Core'. Which is kinda ironic.
@_date: 2017-07-19 10:10:05
It would be good for someone to publish the probability math/algorithm so it can be incorporated onto the live block tracking sites like xbt.eu and elsewhere.
@_date: 2017-07-19 09:49:29
