@_author: tic0
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:37:16
I mean, I don't get it though... how is bitcoin any attractive then when the only proper way to use it, is when demand is actually low? I heard something about lightning network, which should help... but haven't read enough about it. Seems weird to me. 
But let's say I just want to sell it on coinbase (low amount, let's say ~0.00049 bitcoins), then I won't have to deal with such high fees right? I'm asking because I don't really understand the fee stuff on coinbase as I already read it wrong once. :D
@_date: 2017-12-19 23:29:35
I'm one of those newbies. Just invested just a little amound to get familiar with the bitcoin a bit more. It's interesting to see how everything works. So far I'm surprised how slow everything works mostly. Before diving into the matter I always thought it work much much faster.
At first I was surprised about the high fees. Then about the complication to begin trading (find and exchanger, validate your identiy which currently is hard to do due to high traffic, first have to transfer money to your account to be able to begin trading [many just support bank transfer or credit card it seems] and so on). As I bought some coins it also told me they are available only a day later, which was new to me and I still don't know what exactly that means? As they already are in my coinbase portfolio. 
Well, everything is a little different than I expected it to be. :) But interesting to get more insight.
@_date: 2017-12-21 19:49:14
I just wonder how a cryptoCURRENCY which is so incredibly bad at being a currency can climb to ~20.000$ worth 1 coin...?
Never before diving into that matter deeper have I heard anything about the horrendous fees and queue times.
Is the LN going to fix everything? Like, even if the traffic increases by much much more still? Or do we need LN2 then?
@_date: 2017-12-19 01:57:56
I'm planning to gift a fraction of a bitcoin for christmas as well and planning to do it via a paper wallet. 
bitcoinpaperwallet.com seems fine, are those sites really trustworthy though?
And with this, I can for example buy bitcoins on coinbase.com, transfer it to the paper wallet and at some point transfer it back from the wallet to coinbase to sell it?
(I'm kind of noobish with this so far). 
Thanks for any explanations/help! :)
@_date: 2017-12-21 18:40:29
Thank you for the explanation! Would there be a way to transfer from coinbase to a software wallet (electrum for example) and from there to a paper wallet?
Or another thing: could I just say that I don't want priority and don't pay a fee? (I'm assuming this isn't possible)