@_author: tictakmoe
@_date: 2017-09-24 05:16:25
The problem that I am trying to validate is the need for an authentic immutable verification of past work history and the metadata associated with it.  This includes title, dates of employment, and other info that the company would verify allowing portability to other companies that the candidate seeks employment at.  The other use case is the ability for a job candidate to be able to produce an immutable letter of reference--proving that the reference is indeed authentic.  These two examples are currently a very manual and tedious process today.  A solution would be a win-win-win for recruiters, employers and job seekers while saving time and money.  Instant verification and/or repudiation of a candidate's history; the cost savings of the time, calls/emails and paperwork involved.
@_date: 2017-09-24 18:44:06
Thanks JD_PM I'm still heavily in research mode on this but I will  probably be asking a several more dumb questions on this subreddit until the solution becomes crystal clear to me.  I appreciate your feedback.
@_date: 2017-09-24 06:18:40
These are my thoughts on why each party "should care".  I am still researching so hopefully this will become clearer as the use case expands therefor I will state each as assumptions for now:
Employer:  Hiring a *verified* (i.e. legit credentials, references) electrician, babysitter, marketer, etc. versus unverified minimizes risk of underperformance and the need to re-hire if a candidate does not work out.  By no means is this verification a guarantee of performance but given the choice I believe a recruiter would place greater weight on this additional trust factor.  Most people BS anyway these days on their LinkedIn profiles--as an employer I would want to verify that s/he is who s/he says s/he is even before I waste time interviewing (the creds would be on a public and instantly verifiable blockchain ledger).
Recruiter: Many are paid or get bonuses based on job candidate remaining on the job for X amount of months. A major cause of employee turnover is candidates not working out/underperforming which is wasted time and expense to replace.  Recruiters also spend days reviewing and verifying references (emails, phone tag, non-responses, etc.) a problem that could be solved instantly via having this information as certifiable and timestamped metadata on a blockchain.
Job Candidate: It's a hassle to have to wait days for a recruiter/employer to verify your references.  Its also a hassle having no edge to stand-out on LinkedIn (you're just another dude with a bunch a BS work history).  Including a badge (based on verifiable work history from prior employers) is one way to stand-out. Even past awards, certifications, and distinguishments could be a part of this badge linked to the proper metadata from the blockchain.  This would not be subject to the centralized whims of LinkedIn or any other job site--this would be all portable information that the candidate could store and reuse anywhere/anytime. 
These are my initial thoughts again I welcome constructive criticism that is why I am laying out everything as a assumption for now. There may be some other benefits that I have neglected.