@_author: tidelow
@_date: 2018-02-25 20:37:56
20 MW is substantially more power than most are able to provide right now in North America. I'd be happy to speak more with you about the potential of your mining project, as my business currently operates two mining facilities and building another 80 MW facility.
We have a great relationship with the miner manufacturers and purchase power to get the miners separate from pre-order basis.
If you are interested to learn more, please head over to our website and shoot us a message of what you would like to learn/discuss.
Happy to share our knowledge, connect you with agents hired from overseas miners looking to move their operations, or potentially help build out your mining infrastructure.
@_date: 2018-02-26 15:51:59
Yup! We have a 2.5 MW in Vancouver, BC and 8 MW in Quebec.
Usually, an 80 MW facility would be out of the question, the costs too high (25M USD) and time for construction too long (+14 months). By the time it's operational, the whole mining landscape will be very different.
After speaking with countless agents and large-scale miners from China, we realised just how big these operations are and how there really is no solution for them yet. All the hype around cheap electricity and cold weather has got their attention, but what they really care for is an immediate solution. Many of these miners were shut out of China already, +50,000 AntMiner S9s, losing millions each day their not running.
So, we've decided to build out our mining infrastructure in Mexico, as my business partner is Mexician with lots of great connections to get things done efficiently at low cost, similar landscape as China.
Yes, we boostraped from $40K in Jan, 2017 and scaled up from there. Built and managed by our growing team, custom mining management software/monitoring that allows us to remotely see performance, switch pools, switch between coins depending on profitability and many other things features. We own all the miners inside the facility; however, in our new 80MW we are inviting others to join as it can hold around 120K ASIC miners.
Regarding your 20 MW facility, we could essentially help you with putting up the capital for the build out, train an operational team and fill it with a few large miner clients.
No offence taken. We like to operate fairly private, but with all the buzz right now around mining, we hope to help people so they don't make the same mistakes we made when setting up their facilities.
