@_author: tiegou
@_date: 2014-04-14 16:48:14
It is mainly China. The story that was leaked 2 weeks ago that  the PBC (the Chinese central bank) was telling all the local banks to close down all the accounts of the Chinese bitcoin exchanges by April 15 has not been officially verified or denied but now some exchanges are seemingly confirming that their banks have done so which is in effect shutting them down, which is pushing down demand and the price.  The PBC started this process last year in Dec, which took bitcoin down from its 1000 usd mark and then the MtGox debacle pushed it further and now this. You need to hope and wait for some positive news to arrive.  
China is a big bitcoin market so a decrease in demand there will have an affect on price, and since people in the world are buying bitcoins mainly out of speculation that it will appreciate a negative trend will be reinforced since no one wants to buy an asset that is decreasing in value, i.e. when the Chinese stop buying it makes the rest want to stop and the price drops with demand. But vice versa when good news are in and the trend is positive then everyone wants in and the price rushes up like last year. 
Bitcoin is highly volatile since it has no economy behind it (at least not yet...), and as a novelty commodity/ currency the  speculating market has a hard time deciding /guessing what the price will be. Gold in comparison has history on its side to make people feel safe that its value will remain. 
Anyway, quite a lot of bad news the last few months for bitcoin which explains the drop, and China is an anchor here but since that anchor finally seem to have hit the bottom and there seem to be a few interesting developments going on in the rest of the world so I believe it will start to climb up again soon - but I don't have a crystal ball 
  
@_date: 2017-06-08 08:44:33
Did they fix this? I sent them a deposit over 2 weeks ago and no response from their support...
@_date: 2017-06-08 11:52:18
thx! Will do