@_author: tikhonjelvis
@_date: 2013-11-09 06:51:18
By "function", he meant utility as a currency--you can use Bitcoins to buy stuff.
As for the mining, it doesn't solve an interesting problem in and of itself. Instead, mining works as a "proof or work"--to solve the problems, you need to spend some minimum amount of CPU power, which ensures you can't create bogus blocks for free. By creating an inescapable cost to mining, you ensure people can't spoof without *significant* computational resources; this is what makes the entire network secure based on the number of people mining since the more people mine the harder it is to do.
@_date: 2013-12-10 10:39:54
It requires a bit of forethought, but you can use something like [bitrated]( The BitCoin system allows "m of n" transactions--transactions between two parties that need to be approved by a third party (an arbitration service). 
Essentially, the actual transaction has three participants: the customer, the merchant and a third party; to make it go through, two of the three have to agree. Most of the time, it's just going to be the customer and the merchant, so the arbiter doesn't even have to do anything. But in the event of a dispute, the third party can either allow the transaction to go through or cancel it.
Part of the reason this system is nice is that, unlike a normal escrow service, the third party never has possesion of the BitCoins--they just get a vote on whether the transaction goes through. This means they can't simply disappear with your funds. 
This also makes the barrier to entry to providing an arbitration service much easier. Ideally, this will create a relatively liquid market for arbitration which will help identify trustworthy arbiters. This is a much better situation than with current payment processors which basically form a relatively closed oligopoly with *extremely* high barriers to entry.
Also, BitCoin is ultimately about freedom. The reduced risk when using a credit card has a very real cost--something like several % transaction fees. However, the processors have cleverly set the market up so that the costs are hidden from the customer--they charge the merchant fees for processing credit cards but prohibit passing those fees onto the customer. This means that *everyone* ends up paying a higher price and subsidizing credit card users! 
For many transactions, it's completely rational to take the increased risk for a lower price and more convenience. Unfortunately, this is simply not an option with the current system. At the very least, BitCoin can make this a possibility.
@_date: 2013-11-12 08:03:24
He is risen...