@_author: tillicum
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:21:18
*Because drugs good, government bad, it was done on web so it's in no way as bad as an actual drug lord, blah, blah, blah.*
He ran an illegal drug market, had over $100 million in bitcoin when arrested and kept a log of his illegal activities and was convicted by a jury.  Some people have no fucking sense balance.  I'd bet dollars to donuts if he did what did out his house instead of online, they same people deifying him would be howling for his blood.
@_date: 2015-05-30 04:26:33
No it's not. It's conflating tragic results of legal activities to illegal activities.  One is legal, one is not.  End of story.  Find a comparable *illegal* activity and compare and contrast the penalties involved would be a valid comparison.  Trying to say a legal activity, whatever the horrendous end game maybe, is the same as illegal activities does not hold water and only makes the arguments defending Ulbricht specious.  It's apples and oranges.  Explain to me, if Ulbricht had run his drug empire from out of his house, how is that different from any other drug dealer?  Why is a drug market in the cyber sphere given a pass that a drug dealer working the streets doesn't get?  Why should the coke dealer on the street get a harsher sentence than one who, not only allows it, but get's a commission on every sale, than the guy who facilitates it on the online?  This entire argument of "well smoking kills, drinking kills, driving cars kill" entirely circumvents the question of legality.  As I said, trying to draw parallels between legal actions and illegal actions is disingenuous at best, willingly stupid at worst.  And don't even get me started on the whole "bankers, pedophile rings, etc" argument.  That's tantamount to saying "hey, my neighbor is fucking horses, why aren't you prosecuting this guy for fucking sheep".  That's how the law works.  You build a case, collect evidence (which in this case was easy) then prosecute.  A global pedophile case which may involve people in the highest positions of government is a lot harder to prove in a court of law than a guy who kept a journal of his crimes.
@_date: 2015-05-30 00:28:29
Where's the double standard?  Smoking is legal, selling hard drugs isn't.  The tobacco executives work in a legal industry, Ulbricht didn't, no double standard there.  Same thing with comparisons to drinking, driving whatever illogical comparisons are being made.  Those are legal activities, selling hard drugs is not and trying conflate the two as being equal is way, way stretching it.