@_author: tilobot
@_date: 2014-12-12 03:20:06
To be fair bitcoin tipping is only a thing becuese dogecoin did it first... Also transaction times, I mean goddam bitcoin. That's freaking slow compared to most "ripoff" altcoins. Honestly I think they all benefit when any of them do well
@_date: 2014-12-12 04:05:05
While I appreciate some top notch douchebaggery you are just dumb. Yes bitcoin tipping existed... But it didnt take off until well after dogecoin was established, to this day the usd value of all doge tipped since dogetipbot was released is far greater than all bitcoin tips on reddit combined. In fact in 3 weeks doge had surpassed bitcoins total for the full previous year.., so I'm calling bullshit on you high and mighty BTC buzz. The fact remains, bitcoin was here first, and while it has a lot to offer it certainly isn't the only one in the race anymore. Since this began others have improved on the old model (ie: made alts) and yes, thise improvements include doge. 
As far as transaction times, no they are not instant. Not in practice, yes the transferall takes place instantly but the coins aren't truly spendable until they have been confirmed, which doge does every 60 seconds, compared to BTC's average transaction time of 16 minutes is a major improvement 
@_date: 2014-12-12 16:14:04


wow you sound butthurt, if I MUST I will prove you wrong, btw this kind of ignorant insistence that you are right and resorting to namecalling is exactly why people hate the BTC community. as to your accusation of my "not understanding the technology" just let me explain it to you, because what I said is very true. The main attack that decentralized currency systems must counteract is known as the double-spending attack – in which the attacker attempts to use money in order to pay for a product, and then after some time causes the transaction to be reversed, allowing him to reuse these funds in another transaction. According to Satoshi Nakamoto’s original analysis, it is not enough for a transaction to be included in a block for it to be considered irreversible, instead it is only considered secure (with sufficiently high probability) once several blocks have been added to the chain on top of it (the addition of each such block is considered an additional “confirmation”). Therefore, in order to be sufficiently assured that money has been irreversibly transferred, a receiver of funds must await for several confirmations. This means that while you have the coins you cannot spend them until they have been confirmed. hence most businesses insistence on having multiple confirmations before treating a product/service as paid for. Yes BTC core wallet will let you configure it to spend before confirmation (yes I use it dipshit, just because I prefer a better community doesn't mean I don't hold BTC), but it is not secure so most people recommend you don't. I understand the technology very well, I wonder however if you ever truly grasped it before you started shouting at those who disagree with you.
@_date: 2014-12-12 16:04:03
actually the reason bitcoin transaction times haven't been increased is because they CAN'T, it would require a hard fork... and when you do that you have created an altcoin, not changed the bitcoin code. security wise slow blocks are no safer than quick ones. The main attack that decentralized currency systems
must counteract is known as the double-spending attack – in which the attacker attempts
to use money in order to pay for a product, and then after some time causes the transaction
to be reversed, allowing him to reuse these funds in another transaction. According to Satoshi
Nakamoto’s original analysis, it is not enough for a transaction to be included in a block for it
to be considered irreversible, instead it is only considered secure (with sufficiently high probability)
once several blocks have been added to the chain on top of it (the addition of each
such block is considered an additional “confirmation”). Therefore, in order to be sufficiently
assured that money has been irreversibly transferred, a receiver of funds must await for several
confirmations, together taking several minutes.