@_author: tiltboi1
@_date: 2017-09-17 16:49:41
China is having massive paranoia about being able to track down transactions because of internal money laundering and corruption issues that they're facing. They're not having a war on crypto, the same is happening for wechat pay and alipay, highly successful internet transaction services with billions of dollars "moving" by simply being reassigned. PBoC can't track any of these transactions which makes crypto and services like these hubs for any sort of illicit monetary activity
@_date: 2017-09-18 03:07:12
You'd be surprised actually. However their reasons are very much in line with the communist ideology. For a country that's been bumfucked by just about every major power in the past 500 years it's not surprising that they prioritize isolation and self sustenance by strictly dictating their people. Although the majority of this sub reddit probably has never been to a communist country so it's a bit hard to fathom 
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:43:02
That is also true. China has been hardcore boosting their own economy by extremely strict control of their current and financial account balances. It's very difficult to move money outside of China and I believe in many cases it's illegal to take the currency itself out of the country. They have their reasons and they have many of them
@_date: 2017-09-18 00:26:15
not "people" but money launderers, corruption in government and large multinational corporations, etc. like to move their money in completely anonymous and tax free transactions like idk bitcoin. I'm just as salty that this is driving down bitcoin prices but it's not like they're doing it JUST to screw us. They wanna screw other people for a good cause i guess?
@_date: 2017-09-18 04:05:31
Justify? Maybe. Agree? Absolutely not. I'm not in any way a proponent of their ideas, I'm only saying it's a rational conclusion. Are they overly paranoid? completely and absolutely.  I'm not chinese, but I did spend a few years there and see what's going on from an external perspective. All I have to say is the government has never been laissez faire and you can't expect them to be. To them, bitcoin brings potential for incredible profit but they also see it as a major threat to their national security in the typical Chinese way. 
Tldr it's not surprising given their ideology, totalitarian governance and history, but they're dropping our bitcoin prices so fuck them amirite