@_author: tim9e
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:21:43
You can do this with TAILS or Ubuntu or other linux distros.  But to be safe you should make sure you are disconnected from the internet when generating the keys, and then shut down your system afterwards without ever connecting to the internet.  Otherwise it is a hot wallet.
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:53:22
Soo we are criminals guilty until proven innocent?  Regulations really helped stop the banks from laundering trillions for drug cartels and getting away with it too.  Regulations prevented bank failures and too-big-to-fail bailouts as well.  Too bad we didn't have bailouts for MtGox, or we could get goxed over and over again like the banks and Federal Reserve do to America again and again.
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:03:05


Thomas Jefferson agrees with you:  
"If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation, then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their Fathers conquered...I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies... **The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people, to whom it properly belongs.**" -Thomas Jefferson
@_date: 2014-10-29 22:58:38
This is despicable.  Why can't I start a bitcoin business? I want to start a business but I am not going to, because of fear.  I am afraid I will be thrown in jail and harrassed, and my substance eaten out by hordes of beaurocrat pieces of crap that used to work for unconstitutional Departments of Homeland Security to wreck America and steal my tax money.
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:14:39
Because of keeping us safe from terrorism and money laundering.
@_date: 2014-10-26 09:06:28
Probably because most Americans work for the IRS or other government agency, so they feel better about their lives if they pretend there is freedom still.  Also I think television and common-core curriculum have a lot to do with it as well.
@_date: 2014-10-26 21:24:03
You need to understand how markets work or where price comes from.  So good thing you asked, so you can learn the answer.  
You can't fix the price of bitcoin or any commodity.  That is for the market to decide.  The price in dollars is decided by supply and demand.  But 1 BTC = 1 BTC always, so in that way it is fixed in the same way as 1 USD = 1 USD.
It is true Bitcoin is a young currency and the price is volatile, which makes newcomers shy away.  One thing that helps is to stop thinking of bitcoin as gaining or losing price, but instead as gaining or losing purchasing power.  The dollar's purchasing power also fluctuates a lot, but you just don't see it because its not so obvious.  The dollar has lost something like 97% of its purchasing power since the inception of the Federal Reserve in 1913, which has the power to issue the money.
So I understand your concerns, but to explain why people purchase bitcoins, it is for several reasons.  As you said nobody knows what is going to happen tomorrow.  This goes for bitcoin as well as the dollar and FIAT currencies.  
Did you know that every single FIAT currency in history has failed?  Just look at the Zimbabwe dollar, or even Ancient China's paper money system saw gross inflation as well.  There were already huge banker bailouts in 2008 in the USA, and the money supply of dollars has since TRIPLED. The too-big-to-fail banks are now even bigger and more corrupt.  They get away with money laundering because they own the regulators through regulatory capture. The entire FIAT system is hanging by a thread.  It is a house of cards ready to fall.  They already had bank "bail-ins" in Cyprus where the banks stole 1/3 or people's bank accounts.  Soon it is coming to America.
The IRS are [seizing people's bank accounts](  without even convicting you of a crime.  The police are seizing people's money in [civil asset forfeiture]( when they didn't even commit a crime.  EDIT: With bitcoin they can't seize your money.
When you have money in a bank account, guess what? Your money is not really there.  Over 90% of it has been lent out using fractional reserve techniques.  All you have is a number on a screen or on a piece of paper.  The money is gone.  When everyone realizes this and wants their money back what are you going to do? Ask the Fed to print more for FDIC out of thin air which devalues everyone's dollar holdings? With bitcoin you can be your own bank and hold your own money securely.
Bitcoin is a better way for the future.  This corrupt and insane money system with central banks and governments in control is not working.  So we support bitcoin, because we are honorable men and women.  We want to contribute and participate in a safer, fair, honest system like Bitcoin, rather than a corrupt system like FIAT.  Also there are many technological advantages to being able to hold money digitally and send it around the world with a click of a mouse.  Also when Bitcoin does catch on more, the price will continue to rise to the moon because it has to in order to accomodate more users.
@_date: 2014-10-28 00:34:26
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you...
@_date: 2014-10-27 00:33:42
Seems the price was $1,000 only 1 year ago.  If the price goes to $10,000 in the next 3 years will you still consider it a mistake? Or will you be one of those "fools" who only buy high and sell low?
@_date: 2014-10-27 01:19:36
Well the answer is nobody is the trustee for Bitcoin, or possibly more accurately, everyone is the trustee.  We the people are the trustees of Bitcoin.  That is why Bitcoin is so revolutionary.  Bitcoin is decentralized.  It takes the power of issuing the money away from the banks and gives it to the people, to whom it properly belongs:
"If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their currency, first by inflation, then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them will deprive the people of all property until their children wake up homeless on the continent their Fathers conquered...I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies... The issuing power should be taken from the banks and restored to the people, to whom it properly belongs." -Thomas Jefferson
[The American Dream]( is a short 30 minute cartoon film which helps explain everything wrong with our money system.  Once you understand the problem with the current system, and then you understand Bitcoin, you will see how Bitcoin is the solution to many of our problems when it comes to our financial system.
Another big reason people get into Bitcoin, is that it is permissionless.  You don't need permission from anyone to use it to store, send, or receive money.  So if the banks shut down your accounts for your medical cannabis/gun shop/gambling operation?  No problem just accept bitcoin instead and nobody can stop you.  The government is making old-fashioned light bulbs illegal so you can't buy or sell them on ebay anymore and must use fluorescent lights only? No problem because you can buy and sell anything with bitcion on decentralized marketplaces like Open Bazaar.
@_date: 2014-10-27 01:12:23
Gives a whole new meaning to "IN GOD WE TRUST"
@_date: 2014-10-26 02:10:20
The complications arise because of the legacy banking system and government regulations.  They are just keeping you safe.  If you don't like it, switch to bitcoins where there is no permission and no social security numbers required to transact.
@_date: 2014-10-29 00:22:42
Wouldn't doubt it.  But more likely the fighting will come in the form of reporting you to such and such agency and homeland security for inquiring about currencies which are used by ISIS and threaten the financial system and American sovereignty.
@_date: 2014-10-28 01:40:36
The criminal IRS is attacking innocent people and stealing their bank accounts.  This illustrates the importance of one of the main benefits of Bitcoin, because your funds can't be stolen if you secure your own private keys.  
@_date: 2014-10-29 23:14:19
Why downvote? People love regulations and banker bailouts?? Must be public sector workers and buttcoin trolls.
@_date: 2014-10-26 19:55:54
Public sector workers voting this down.
@_date: 2014-10-26 09:10:33
Most small countries have some boss hog corruption going on.  The problem with America is that we were so rich and wealthy due to our relative freedom in the past, that now the parasites have found the USA to be a good healthy host to feed on.  The government is using our wealth and prosperity as its food to get bigger and more tyrannical.  This is why the tyranny in America seems to be super-tyranny on steroids.
@_date: 2014-10-30 21:28:37
I am no coward believe me, and I am fighting and doing agorist business in my own way.  But I am no fool.  If you saw a pit full of alligators would it make you a coward if you don't want to jump in?  No it would just be common sense because you know the consequences.  In the same way you would be a fool to try to play their regulatory game and run a business in plain sight.