@_author: timbo400
@_date: 2018-03-13 20:28:40
That’s a bloody stretch and terrible argument. Apples and oranges.
In order to use a ‘currency’ that converts to another currency (fiat)  there needs to be an exchange.
In crypto, there’s exchanges worldwide and its accepted IF you have the internet. (Eg. Everyone)
In a game, let’s say FarmBucks, your client needs to ALSO have use for FarmBucks OR have a purchaser for that amount of FarmBucks.
Crypto is transferable globally
Crypto is fairly liquid
Crypto can be anonymous
Crypto scales
In game Currencies:
Localised to the game and possibly region
Not widely accepted unless you play the game
Unlikely to provide a first party ‘exchange’
Also who is using game currencies in a wide scale to do shady shit? I’m not talking about joe blow who barters some FarmBucks for less than an ounce of weed; I’m talking volumes. Whether it’s trading for drugs/paying for illegal services/laundering money. The feds want to add a level of accountability to ensure in this case there’s no laundering based on the plausibility of it.
If people started using in game currencies (I can think of better ways) to launder money, then they would go after that also.
@_date: 2018-03-14 09:19:48
I rebutted with a legitimate response. The point is the amount of people and scale, you think the government cares about a small subset of people that use a very specific avenue to launder money?
Are you saying there are just as many people laundering money via in game currencies as cryptos? Should they also do KYC for these games too then? Spend more of the public sector’s money? I think not.
As for laundering when buying a house, that’s easily traced via a Tax Audit and land deeds. At least in my country that is the case, fuckstain.
@_date: 2018-03-14 09:03:27
A car dealer in my country accepts bitcoin as payment. If I had the money for a Lamborghini right now I could buy it using Bitcoin had I had enough BTC.
Lamborghini in New Port USA accepts bitcoin.
Crypto is getting quite widely accepted even in mom and pop shops in Asia, South America and Africa; places that would have limited internet access due to brown outs (Mobile only).
Now tell me where FarmBucks can buy a house or car? How many people accept this as tender? How many of those people that do, are willing to launder for the mob?