@_author: timetogo134
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:32:36
Oh you can disagree, but you're objectively wrong. A private person making it uncomfortable for another private person to say something isn't the same as infringing on their right to free speech, unless you make up your own definition of the right (which, ironically, you are "free" to do!). The definition of free speech which I and the rest of the world uses is one the one noted in documents such as the Constitution, which allows that the right only applies against the government. 
You have a right to say whatever the fuck you want, and I have a right to call you an asshole for saying it. Free speech! Bam!
Edit - again, the irony of this whole thing is that by your deluded definition of the right, you are actually "infringing" on the right of those who would want to boycott. Trying to convince them to not exercise their right to free speech is the same as boycotting in the first place. You're simply holding up one opinion as better than the others, and trying to squelch anyone saying different. Cute... very cute...
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:39:40


a-Oh - a-My- a-God.
My definition is not limited to America, but it is the only definition I've ever seen in any legal document from anywhere ever, and it is the universally accepted definition. Because I use one example that is American doesn't mean that is my only source. 
BTW, I'm totes-mcgoats reporting you to the Free Speech Ministry for hurting my feelings and trying to make me not boycott, therefore literally eating my right to free speech. --Literally--
@_date: 2013-04-24 13:24:49


But us deciding what is acceptable and what isn't is an exercise of our right to say what we want. Boycotts are speech. 
Beyond that, however, freedom of speech only applies in regards to governmental restrictions. It is definitively impossible for private citizens to "chill the free speech" of anyone because the right can *only* be levied against a government, which private citizens are not. 
If your only argument is that you don't care what the guy says and will support him regardless, fair enough. But the rest of care. You might care more if he was slandering you or insulting your family, etc. If he was, you might choose to not support him. That's what we are doing. 