@_author: timetrappelar
@_date: 2017-11-29 01:59:43
“You can educate yourself for free with the internet”
I don’t know if you’ve been to university, but there’s a significant and demonstrable difference in both how much you actually learn and in the learning experience.
Maybe this is not a convincing argument to you, but as somebody that delayed university and “self-learned” for a long time before attending university, I have got to disagree with you.  It’s not even remotely close to the same.
@_date: 2017-11-29 03:36:41
Of course, but that's the whole point, right? Those people aren't thinking any different than you, they just want a safe job instead of being an entrepreneur. Ultimately, both you and those people have the same vision of education and university, simply as a means to an end. 
It's not hard to see why that doesn't translate into them getting much out of university. Certainly there are a much more straightforward paths to a job than most university degrees. That doesn't mean that all (or even most) people that go to university are wasting their time.
If you go to university to learn, you're likely to get what you want and are probably not constantly complaining about your uni experience. If you go to university solely as a means to a job (which is not what it is), and you don't end up with a good enough job, certainly you will be complaining about it. So there's a fair bit of confirmation bias in this idea that most people that go to university are underpaid and unemployed (in fact, data consistently shows that university graduates are, on average, paid much higher than their non-uni graduate counterparts - this is especially true if you got to a top school).
University may not be for everybody, and I'm not trying to say it is. Nevertheless, it is certainly a very rewarding, high value experience for many, many people. I haven't met a single person that did well in university that regrets it (of course, that may be biased because I go to a relatively high ranked school and am probably more likely to interact with people that share this view). 
I only responded to your comment because you were very dismissive of university and did not seem to have a proper understanding of the value it provides. 
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:34:15
I started my first business when I was 14. I’m a 21- year old millionaire. 
Believe it or not, I don’t go to school for a job. Education has value in and of itself and if you can’t see that, that’s just sad and ignorant, man.
@_date: 2017-11-29 02:46:41
I study pure math at a top uni. It’s probably the most fulfilling thing I’ve ever done. I go to a ton of conferences and do a lot of research too, you know. Most of that is facilitated by my university and my professors. 
If you don’t get it, then you don’t get it. I’m just trying to talk to you as someone who was exactly in your shoes and thought about these things in the exact same way.