@_author: time_2_live
@_date: 2018-07-07 14:45:45
Compared to the “average” company they performed amazingly, compared to other high performing companies, they perform about as well.  That’s not a totally fair comparison on my part though, because it presumes a priori what the winners and losers will be when you invest. 
The goal of my statement, which I should have been more precise about, is that how do you know the technology you’re investing in is at the stage or form it needs to be in order to be widely adopted?  Are you too early, like Friendster, MySpace, Apple Newton? 
I was listening to Stanford’s ETL lecture series recently and the founder of Palm Inc stated that being first in a new technology isn’t always the best. This is because many organizations lack the ability to whether the storm until their technology is adopted and they cash flow positive. 
An analogy for crypto would be whether or not the public loses trust in it before it’s widely adopted as a form of currency by major suppliers. To that end, I think ethereum may have a better opportunity, being the Facebook to the BitCoin. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 13:02:50
There’s “value” and value. The difference is speculation from investors. Bitcoin has no real value until it becomes used more widely as a replacement for actual currency. There is contrary to something like gold where even though it’s “value” fluctuates, it still has an intrinsic value, although any investment has a the possibility of being in a bubble. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 13:11:00
But bitcoin isn’t faster or more efficient yet. It’s still in the early adopter phase, so it makes sense for the general public not to use one. It’s like saying “cell phones are the future” after using one in the 1980s.  You’re not wrong, but the concept is going to change drastically a number of times before it’s adopted on a larger scale, to the point where the two look wildly different.   If you bought a cellphone or stock in cellphone companies in the 80s I imagine you probably wouldn’t be as successful as if you invested in other opportunities and then bought into technology companies later or just invested in ETFs. 
@_date: 2018-07-07 13:13:04
Probably “if they don’t buy it, I will, and then in the future I’ll sell some to them for ONE MILLION DOLLARS”