@_author: timel1ne
@_date: 2014-02-15 11:54:07
Not quite standard m of n multisig, it's a counterparty TX on DeX (decentralised exchange) trading XCP for btc &amp; implementing escrow prior to BTCpay. 
You can see the order below on XCP blockchain
  
Counterparty is a really interesting little protocol layer.


Buy XCP for Bitcoin, or Bitcoin for XCP, as well as trading user-defined assets for either.


Create your own assets on top of Counterparty, and buy and sell them on the distributed exchange.
Broadcast information from an address, which is distributed across the network.
Issue bets on the future results of feed-based data (e.g. sports scores, etc).


Allows for derivatives-style trading, with leverage.
Pay dividends on user-defined assets.
 More info: 
@_date: 2014-02-15 19:46:13
At the moment it certainly isn't easier, But things will gradually change. When I first started using Bitcoin the barrier to entry was much higher than it is today. 
Just getting Fiat onto BTC was a challenge (this was prior to any exchanges) over time the ecosystem has developed and we're still very much in 'alpha' stages with a long way to go before btc is ready for joe public. 
There is huge potential here with Counterparty. decentralized intrade anyone?. At the moment it's tiny community of geeks, libertarians and hackers just like BTC in 2010/2011 but I expect things to become simplified. The protocol in many ways can stay transparent to an end user
@_date: 2014-02-15 19:55:30
Some people do struggle with the notion that money is 'wasted' by burning but it's really one of the only few provably fair distributions models there is. 
The idea is the developers have to have a desire and intention of pushing their ideas without any guarantee of reward. They are essentially putting their money where their mouth is by buying a stake in the burn already and trusting that idea has enough merits to carry itself. They aren't asking for a paycheck before the work has been done so to speak because they are confident that paycheck will come. There can be no arguments from anybody that the money they sent to developers is not being used in x way because the developers are working regardless of whether they had any funding. because they are passionate about the project
They could well have enough earnings already to not require additional funding, although community is welcome to donate to developers. I have personally donated to some of the core-developers and will be soon making donations to unaffiliated third parties as a form of bounty/incentive. I like donations to be unexpected rewards.
I much prefer such a model to private IPO where funds are instantly in a developers pockets prior to public release. ie ethereum attempting $30 million collection. It's a safety harness where eth could crash and burn yet the developers could still retire.
 in that sense I feel we've lost the spirit of bitcoin. So I'm glad to see a PoB 
@_date: 2014-02-15 20:06:37


I'd personally spent a good few hours trying to break &amp; bend the protocol. minor issues which I'd found had been solved and a fix already pushed. I was aware of a few others intentionally trying the same thing. I'll be offering a pen-test and bug bounty later in the month to see if anything else can be dug up