@_author: timebomz
@_date: 2018-12-14 08:42:57
For all of the comments questioning why your parents didn’t buy these stocks back when they were much less expensive. Please tell me which stocks are super cheap, but will become the biggest companies in the world over the coming few decades. 
It is very easy to look back and say you should’ve bought apple. However, in 1997 they were on the verge of bankruptcy. I am sure most people here would not touch a stock like that in the late 90s. If you did buy it near the low, I am sure many people would’ve cashed out many times when Apple “peaked”. 
As I am sure many people in 30 years will say the same thing about stocks or even crypto. Maybe it’s bitcoin, maybe it’s a different coin or maybe it’s a totally different concept that has been completely overlooked. Then there will be the few people that got lucky and boast about their gains. While the other 99% will not talk about the stocks that went to 0 or a significant loss. Since it is much more fun and human nature to talk about success stories instead of the failures.
@_date: 2018-12-14 09:11:54
I really hope you don’t blindly believe anything you hear from one person. Just like a stock, you should find out how an analyst came to that conclusion and decide if that matches your thesis or makes more sense than your original thesis.
Also realize he has a bias towards raising the price target. He has a vested interest. This isn’t just a crypto argument , but any asset class. A hedge fund that shorts the market is going to say the market is overvalued more often than not. Why? Because investors wouldn’t be in fund the if he/she said otherwise. 
@_date: 2018-12-14 08:54:27
Are you looking for a landlord that will want the same amount of bitcoin every month? It is just not realistic. When he needs to repair something, he is hiring someone or buying hardware with fiat. If bitcoin loses value he can’t keep the place operating (unless he doesn’t care about turning a profit). Utilities, taxes etc. all the same issue. 
On the flip side if bitcoin rises in value. In order for you to access more bitcoin you will need to use fiat to buy the bitcoin. If you are renting an apartment for say 1 bitcoin (around $3,300). Then bitcoin goes to $10,000 fiat. You will really pay an extra $6,700 (which you have to, to buy bitcoin at the moment). As opposed to moving to another apartment which is priced at $3,300 with all the same features.
In theory this would work if every person/company adopted this idea. However, that wouldn’t happen overnight. If you are on a small island that is self sustaining then fine. However, this is a global economy for most people. To think all countries will do this all at once is a crazy concept. 
I am not saying bitcoin or crypto won’t catch on and grow. But what you want to do isn’t realistic. A lot of things need to happen for this to be a real possibility and it would involve a lot of pain for anyone that uses fiat currency. 