@_author: timparsa
@_date: 2015-12-28 01:06:56
Or you could just build an app on top of Uphold.com. We are connected to all the major banking systems in the world, fully-compliant, and support two cryptocurrencies-- BTC and VOX.
For an example of an app built on UH, see 
Happy to answer any questions. We have over 100 developers building apps and services on top of [UH's API](
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:47:52
Access from Tennessee will be available very soon. Thanks for your interest and support.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:33:00
bank&lt;==&gt;Bitreserve is around the corner my friend. We don't gamble with bitcoin, never have, never will. 
@_date: 2015-06-23 08:56:42
SN-- calling us gimmicky is both negative and inaccurate. 
Bitcoin was the first use case of our cloud money system and bitcoin was an inspiration for many of our key product and system innovations. We provide an essential and unique service to bitcoiners. Not everyone who wants to participate in the bitcoin economy enjoys bitcoin's wild volatility.  
Calling us a "crap centralized company" is negative and inaccurate in the sense that we are far from crap. Bitreserve is easily the most innovative and big-hearted venture in fintech-- our goals are laudable and our ways of achieving those goals with technology are, at the risk of blowing my own BR horn, ingenious.
I don't know if BR news does or doesn't belong in the bitcoin sub; I guess that's for the moderator to determine. But surely censorship is not the path you want to go down, is it?
Decentralization for decentralization's sake has always struck me as an unhealthy fetish. The egregious abuses and unfairness of our global finance system are very real. Basic financial services are inaccessible to the majority or people and that financial exclusion is the same as social exclusion in a globalized economy. The poor, immigrants, and the working class pay the most for financial services, while the very rich pay very little or nothing.
Banks keep blowing up as they chase returns with their clients money in a criminogenic black box culture that neither accountants, nor regulators, nor law enforcement has been able to change.
Our mission at Bitreserve is to change all that forever.
Bitreserve is a centralized service, it's true. But so is every other tech company that has delivered huge consumer and business benefits. Our mission is to deliver on the promise of bitcoin-- accessible, free, instant, transparent financial services for everyone on the planet with a networked device.
Hope one day to convert you to being a BR believer.
 
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:39:37
There are many big and game-changing differences between us and Paypal or WU:
1. we are the first real-time transparent financial institution: you can confirm our solvency and liquidity because we write out in real-time all changes in obligations to our members and all changes in assets in our reserve.
2. we have an open system that any developer can plug into via our API: 
3. our business model is not fee-based and so we can enable zero-cost transfers and conversions. Our commitment is to constantly reduce fees and commissions and we'll continue to do so.
4. Our mission is very different-- we are determined to transform global finance from its current opaque, regressive, expensive, slow, and unfair state to an industry that is transparent, egalitarian, free, instant,  and just.
Thanks for your interest and support.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:28:30
Sorry for the inconvenience P-- we're working on it and you should be able to access our system from Ohio in the very near term. Compliance can be complicated. Apologies for the inconvenience and thanks for the support.
@_date: 2015-06-23 07:38:23
Bit = Binary Unit.  We do for money what email does for written correspondence, that is make it free, instant, and easy. In the hopefully very near future you will be able to redeem USD back to your bank account for the USD in our system. For now, however, we are bitcoin in and bitcoin out.  Onramps/offramps to bank money and cash in your hand (via some very clever app developers) is coming soon. Thank you for your interest.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:46:57
This is still true for now. It will cease to be accurate very soon.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:47:20
Bank&lt;==&gt;BR is coming soon.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:10:00
N_C-- Our mission at Bitreserve is to solve the most pressing problems of global finance: access to basic financial services, reducing the cost of cross-border remittance and payments, the lack of transparency and risk-disclosure of financial services. Our first use case was bitcoin and addressing bitcoin's volatility problem by enabling BTC conversion to/from stable virtual assets (USD, GLD, etc). As we turn on fiat-in/out via bank transfer throughout the world in the coming months, I think everyone will start to understand better why we say we're not really a bitcoin company. Bitcoin is awesome, but it doesn't solve the real pressing problems of global finance--those are the ones we're most interested in.  Here's a blogpost I wrote about our approach to lowering the costs of global remittance: 
And here's Anthony Watson on why free really means free at Bitreserve: 
Looking forward to Changetip integrating with our API.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:26:41
Not actually an issue. When our members move BTC to a fiat currency, we convert that BTC to fiat in our reserve. If BTC were to crash, it just means the fiat would buy more BTC. We don't go long BTC and the way you know we don't is because real-time transparency is a feature of our system.
@_date: 2015-06-30 20:24:53
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:22:22
Hey there OPBDH-- 
I work at BR. This is me: 
We enable virtual assets (represented by those cards) whose value is substantiated by the real assets in our reserve. 
We write out every change in obligations (those virtual assets) and every change in the real assets in our reserve, so you can verify our solvency and liquidity. We are often mismatched with regard to our assets and obligations, but we manage our risk exposure to asset mismatch very precisely through various means. Most importantly, we are real-time transparent, the first real-time transparent financial service in history. So you can decide in real-time if you think us being mismatched by 120k GBP, but over-reserved in USD equivalents is an acceptable risk. And if it's not, you can skedaddle. Same can't be said for any bank or even any other virtual currency company. And that's a shame.
Bitreserve's real-time transparency is the reason I came out of retirement to help Halsey build the company 18 months ago. If we are as successful as we hope to be, we will not only remove tens of USD billions of costs (wire transfer fees, credit card fees, overdraft fees, forex commissions, remittance costs, correspondent banking charges, etc.) from global finance (putting it back predominantly into the pockets of the poorest and most vulnerable), but we'll also save the world economy trillions more by validating a new, higher standard for financial stewardship and accountability. Meaning Bitreserve's real-time transparency is the antidote to episodic financial crises caused by undisclosed risk building up in the increasingly opaque, consolidated, and powerful financial institutions.
Our reserve assets are indeed segregated from our working capital.
We don't use colored coins. We have a reserve or real assets that substantiate the value of the money and precious metals in our system.
Contractually, Bitreserve currently owes you the bitcoin equivalent of any of the virtual assets we enable. You can convert your gold, usd, eur, etc back to BTC and send it out of our system. That's because we're currently BTC in/out.
We are gearing up to turn on fiat-in/fiat-out all over the world. Connecting Bitreserve's cloud money system, to the traditional fiat system, as we have NOT been heretofore, poses all sorts of regulatory and legal questions. We're still parsing them with our consultants and lawyers, who are attentive to the wishes and dictates of regulators and law enforcement. Your contractual claim to the value on a virtual asset card after we switch on fiat in/out in your jurisdiction will definitely change, since you won't have to go out of our system via BTC. We'll disclose how they change in a revised TOS when turn that feature on.
Believe your gut, OPBDH, the force is strong in us.
And you don't have to trust that it is. Just look at our [Transparency Page] ( 
  
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:45:38
Shlud-- have you looked at our transparency page? What makes you believe we are likely to become insolvent? Why wouldn't we purchase gold for our reserve when we have gold obligations? Our reserve is audited quarterly-- we could not do what you are suggesting. Not only can't we do it without being detected due to our transparency and our audits, it would be countervailing to the values and mission of the company. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:31:32
Shlud-- please see our transparency page. We write out all changes in obligations to our members and assets in our reserves in real-time. And our reserve is audited quarterly to ensure the fidelity of our Reservechain and Reserveledger databases. Why do you suspect us of not holding the precious metals that we say we are holding? We are overreserved-- the assets in our reserve exceed our obligations to our members-- so what makes you doubt our solvency?
@_date: 2015-06-12 00:32:30
Hi there-- no, but soon you'll be able to transfer fiat directly into your Bitreserve wallet from your bank account and convert your fiat into bitcoin, which is the functional equivalent of buying bitcoin. It's not why we created Bitreserve, but our cloud money system will soon enable it. Thanks for your interest, Tim
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:42:03
I really have to disagree with you there, T_D: we are the first real-time transparent financial institution and the first to enable free, instant value transfers and free, instant value conversions. When we enable bank&lt;==&gt;BR transfers starting in a month or so, I think the disruptive potential of the innovations that we've been rolling out over the past 18 months will become abundantly clear.
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:23:32
Your negativity does not diminish my enthusiasm for Bitreserve's mission and how far we've come in such a short time. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:25:08
H-- we've looked carefully at insurance and continue to do so. We haven't yet come across a product that is worth the money. 
We've focused our resources on building a product and system with the highest standards of security, architecting it from the cradle with security in mind, and hiring the best people to continue to innovate to ensure that our members' value is safe, people like Bill Dennings who recently joined us, previously of Nike and Mastercard: 
It's true our TOS is full of boilerplate ass-covering risk disclosure-- I don't know a start-up tech company that doesn't include that kind of stuff in their TOS.
To answer your question, we can indeed be solvent without charging fees and we are solvent as you can check by referring to our transparency page.  We need to update the TOS to reflect our new zero-cost conversions. I'll make sure that happens this week.
Your red flag invective is unwarranted and unfair. Bitreserve was founded by Halsey Minor, the guy behind Salesforce.com. He built a  multi-billion dollar company based on holding invaluable company sales data in the cloud-- this is not his first trip to the rodeo, nor mine, nor any of our management team's. We are serious tech professionals with a passion for transforming the regressive and unfair finance sector. 
We welcome skepticism, but please keep in mind that our product, system, and safeguards have been vetted and probed by external security experts, investors, regulators, lawyers, and are continuously tested by our security team.
Anyone can rent an office on Battery Street. What's not easy is building a new financial institution that enables free transfer of value and free conversion of value, all with real-time transparency and security sufficient to thwart the bad guys who probe us for chinks in our armor every single day.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:46:22
bank&lt;==&gt; BR coming soon.
@_date: 2015-06-11 23:28:06
Hey adamvfc-- stay tuned, bank&lt;==&gt;bitreserve is coming soon.  Thanks for your support. We all really enjoy your comments and posts.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:42:57
Tim-- we don't gamble on BTC going up or down. When a member moves BTC to a fiat or metals card, we sell the BTC and buy fiat or metals. Thanks, Tim
@_date: 2015-06-12 02:15:47
skepticism is understandable. we'll work hard to overcome it. interested to hear about your start-up. feel free to message me.
@_date: 2015-06-23 00:24:07
I see your point, even as disagree with your premise.
@_date: 2015-06-23 07:40:04
Hey AH-- we used to charge for currency conversions, now we don't. All forex in BR is free, zero-cost, gratis, forever. The consumer benefit of what we enable-- moving and exchanging money at no cost-- cannot be overstated. And we do it all with real-time transparency--proof of solvency and liquidity-- so you know the value you transfer into our system is safe.
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:32:09
Please consult our transparency page. 
@_date: 2015-06-12 01:02:08
Making tax reporting easy for our members is on our product roadmap. In the meantime it's DIY via the transaction history of your BR wallet. 
@_date: 2014-12-20 16:46:08
Hey everyone. My name is Tim Parsa and I'm heading up the crowd-financing over at Crowdcube and Venovate. Most of our $10mm Series B round was allocated to institutional investors, but we wanted to open the round to the crowd because share the ethos of transparency and inclusion that Venovate and Crowdcube represent. We don't think that iworld-changing opportunities should be the purview of just a few well-connected and super wealthy VC's and Angels. We've now exceeded our $10mm Series B target and have triggered our $2mm overallotment option (greenshoe in financial parlance). We're stoked to have over 100 small non-institutional investors who have joined the BR team via Crowdcube and Venovate. Bitreserve is the future of money and we think Crowdcube and Venovate are the future of venture capital.
@_date: 2014-12-20 16:57:17
You've got that exactly right. When we founded BR in 2013, how US, EU, China, and other major market regulators were going to treat virtual currencies was totally up in the air. Our regulatory and legal advisors felt that the best approach was to establish BR in a jurisdiction that was very unlikely to take a strong position against cloud-based virtual currencies.
@_date: 2014-12-20 17:08:13
Dubitator-- how money is raised is unrelated to the rights associated with the shares purchased. Our large institutional investors receive the same shares as our smaller investors on Crowdcube and Venovate. I'm not sure what you mean by "shaky and suspect."
Dividends are a benefit of owning equity in a company, but not all companies pay dividends and certainly no one invests in start-up tech companies with the hope of receiving near-term dividends. 
As for the shares not being listed on a stock exchange, it's true, as is the case with every start-up. The listing occurs at an IPO that is some years away for us, as it is for every start-up that raises money in an A or B round.
Valuation of a company is always a subjective exercises, but in the end it comes down to what the market will bear. We've had incredibly strong demand from institutional investors and the crowd, so that would indicate that many smart and savvy investors believe that our valuation is fair.
@_date: 2015-01-09 17:14:08
£1140.  Happy to answer any questions you might have.
edit: I have a two month old at home and am quite sleep-deprived.
@_date: 2015-01-04 16:08:19
The bitwage guys are very smart and bitwage is the future of payroll processing imho.
@_date: 2015-01-13 00:31:13
Thomas Gullen of House Scirra: Bitreserve has thousands of active members and value has been entering our system at an accelerating clip since we opened our doors to the public three months or so ago.
We'll be closing our Series B with $12mm invested at a $90mm pre-money valuation.
Our biggest investor in the Series B is a renowned entrepreneur/investor who did $6mm of the $12mm and would have happily done the whole deal.
But I'm a bit tired of talking about finance. Let's talk about something more interesting.
In fact, I'd like to propose a wager Thomas Gullen: I bet you 3 shiny BTC that I can convert you from a Bitreserve skeptic to a Bitreserve believer, nay, a Bitreserve **evangelizer**.
If you were just an average rah-rah "decentralize all things" bitcoiner, I wouldn't bother. But you're not, are you? You actually build stuff. Really cool stuff, as it turns out. (and you like bluegrass).
So here are the terms of my wager: 
1. You open a BR account and use the product.
2. You take a look at our API.
3. You give me an hour of your time over Skype.
4. You send me any questions you have.
That's it.  What do you say, Thomas Gullen of House Scirra?
From what I can tell about you, you'll have a hell of a lot more fun learning about how you can build cool stuff using Bitreserve's API, than whatever joy you derive from sporadically shitting on us on Reddit without really understanding what we do or how we do it.
You're clearly not "dense." You just haven't taken the time to understand.
Gauntlet flung, sir.
Warm regards,
Tim Parsa of House Bitreserve      
@_date: 2015-01-09 17:14:32
On the roadmap.  Much more than just a mobile version of BR.
@_date: 2015-01-03 19:59:38
Hey everyone. I work at BR.  Thanks Introshine for the kind words and encouragement. Thought I'd jump in to clarify a few points.


This is true. But there is also many rewards/benefits for moving value into Bitreserve: 1. hold your bitcoin anyway you feel comfortable--five currencies and gold with many more currencies and stores of value coming in 2015--but still spend it or send it on the bitcoin Network from any store of value (e.g. send bitcoin from your gold card), 2. instant value transfer between BR members in any currency, including bitcoin, 3. real-time transparency of all our systems liabilities and assets.


A middleman, true, but very different from the traditional finance sector middlemen because, being a cloud-based service, we enable free and instant value transfer, low-cost value conversions, and we do it all with real-time transparency. We aspire to extend bitcoin's primary benefits--fast, cheap value transfer and real-time transparency--to all stores of value, not just bitcoin, and to make moving the value instant and free. We can achieve that because we are a centralized system (albeit a transparent one).


This is legal boilerplate that the lawyers drafted to protect the company from vexatious lawsuits. Our mission is to make all value transfers instant and free and to drive forex commissions lower and lower until we are by far the cheapest place to do any kind of forex.


How We Make Money We’re committed to driving costs down and dialing convenience up. At 0.45% commission BTC to USD conversions, we provide some of the best rates around. Because we act as the counterparty for all bitcoin to bitmoney commissions, we can keep our costs low.
Edit: Not actually cryptographic proof of reserves, but full disclosure of their finances is great.
Thanks for highlighting this. I'm going to review our FAQ to make sure this is clearer. We currently generate revenue from forex commissions, but this is not our long-term business model. In a few years, once we understand our liquidity needs very well, we will invest some part of the reserve in yield-bearing cash equivalents. For example, if we have an aggregate of $1bn in our members wallets, we'd invest a portion of the $1bn we hold in our reserve in T-bills.  Because we write out every change in assets in our reserve, everyone will know that we're doing this.
Cryptographic proof works for our bitcoin assets in our reserve that substantiate the value of the aggregate bitcoin held in our members' wallets. In addition to a quarterly reserve audit, we're working on other real-time proof of non-bitcoin assets in our reserve.  
Thanks everyone. I find your community inspiring. Lots of smart people.
Tim 
  
@_date: 2015-01-13 18:36:11
Hey Thomas--
Sorry if my defecation analogy offended. It was intended to be in keeping with the general Game-of-Thrones-y jocular tone of my post.  Perhaps it would be better to describe your comments about Bitreserve and our Series B raise as a high-altitude acrid crop-dusting of flatulent skepticism.  Better?
But why so high-altitude? Why so negative? Why so flatulent?
[Here] ( you are a month ago:


Also, £6,000,000 for 10% equity is pretty astonishing. Although they have a functioning, working product, they have just launched. Why are they now selling equity? Why are they not releasing usage statistics? I'm heavily involved in Bitcoin, and from my experiences I am not seeing any traction from them in the communities. The plan going forwards seems to be just to burn through the money in operating costs, and hope they get a buyout offer sometime in the next couple of years.
Bitcoin businesses are also pretty much the currently riskiest businesses around. All it takes one mistake and huge chunks of the companies reserves vanish. There is also a lot of scope for fraud, a fact that can't be ignored for Bitcoin based businesses. The risk/reward profile here is totally off.
Looks to me like a terrible investment.
Whoa, tigre!  Forget for a moment that even a "cursory glance" would have revealed that your math was way off. So much negativity! Why?  
And here was my response:


As to your question regarding why we are raising funds, the simple answer is working capital for expansion. We did a seed round back in 2013 to build the prototype and set up a solid corporate structure. We did an A round in the start of 2014 to launch a private beta and hire key positions to get us ready for a public launch. Now we're growing fast and need capital to hire additional engineering resources and for other uses that are laid out clearly in the forums on Crowdcube.
As for usage statistics, we are 100% transparent with regard to the value that enters our system, how its converted, when it leaves, as well as the assets in our reserve that substantiate the value of the virtual assets we enable. We've been open for just about two months and the value in our system has grown exponentially, as have our active members. Check out  for more details.
Thanks for your interest in Bitreserve and I hope you become a member and an investor.
I'm curious how you formed your negative opinions about us without 1. using the product or 2. reviewing our pitch on Crowdcube carefully enough to get some simple math right. If you take the time to do either, I have little doubt that you will understand why so many smart people were and are eager to invest in Bitreserve's Series B.
Is there something behind your criticism and unwillingness to engage other than a healthy (and truly welcome) skepticism?  If so, by all means let's get it out in the open-- transparency is a core value at Bitreserve. What don't you like about Bitreserve, Thomas? 
Regarding your questions:
1. **Valuation**: See above and also (quoting from a similar question from the CrowdCube forum, which I'm guessing you didn't bother to peruse): *"Valuation of a company is always a subjective exercise. We based ours on several factors, including our Series A valuation, demand for our Series B from institutional investors, and valuations of recently-financed companies in the virtual currency space. Indeed, we like our prospects a whole lot better."*
2. **MAU's**: We've only been open to the public for 3 months. Do you think MAU's is a helpful metric to determine valuation?
3. **New Users**: The graph is steep up and to the right, my friend. And if you'd bother to take me up on my wager, you'd understand why (at the cost of 3btc, which I promise to donate to wikipedia).
Can you explain why you think it's misleading/unethical (loaded terms, Thomas!) not to disclose data that **you** specifically request, when none of the prospective investors we engaged with (on CrowdCube, Venovate, or the institutional investors who looked at BR) asked for it?
I'm sorry you won't be accepting my wager (it's an evergreen, just ping me at tim to accept it) and I'm disappointed that someone as clearly smart and talented at your fine self is unwilling to even check out Bitreserve. Smart developers like you have been our earliest adopters and dozens are already building on top of our API.
It's your right to tell the world that you think we suck and that we're over-valued and that anyone who invests in Bitreserve is a moron.
But to do so without bothering to give a careful read to our investment pitch and without ever using Bitreserve, well that seems a little...what was that phrase you used...?
Kind regards,
Change money, change the world!
Tim    
@_date: 2015-01-09 19:58:29
Let me check with him and Caitlin our VP of Marketing. I think that's a great idea.
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:31:32
The bitcoin protocol does not allow for the accounting of anything but bitcoin.  Bitreserve extends bitcoin's addressing system to allow for the accounting of any asset--currently five fiat currencies and gold, as well as bitcoin. We also extend the transparency of the Bitcoin Network so that you can be sure your value is safe with us.
Our goal is to make it easy for anyone to hold value in the cloud in whatever form they like--we'll be launching a lot of new currencies and other stores of value in 2015--and to be able to move that value to anyone else instantly and for free.
Thanks for your interest and support.
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:59:07
Introshine-- there's no hedging at Bitreserve. We reallocate assets in our full reserve to reflect the aggregate virtual assets in our members' wallets.
We now have almost $1mm that has been transferred into our system over the past month.  
Thanks for your interest and giving us some props. We work really hard to make cloud money a reality for the average consumer and thereby remove billions of dollars of costs from the finance sector.
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:08:25
Welcome to Bitreserve PRC!
@_date: 2015-01-15 17:44:36
Hey there,
Tim from Bitreserve here. Our reservechain and reserveledger (no ledgerchain) provide real-time transparency for a trusted third-party (Bitreserve). 
Here is something I sent to some of our investors that you might find helpful:




















We hope that more financial firms adopt Bitreserve's real-time transparency. 


Hope this helps.
Change money, change the world!
@_date: 2015-01-08 01:56:13
B.A.G-- Tim Parsa here from Bitreserve. There is no limit to how much btc you can send to your Bitreserve wallet once you become a member. There is a limit per transfer of 50btc. But you can transfer 50btc X whatever you want. When you send BTC to your dollar (or euro, pound, yen, yuan, gold card), we convert it at the prevailing spot rate to the fiat or commodity (gold) value you chose. You are no longer exposed to btc volatility.
Here's a quick example. Let's say you have 100 btc sitting in your coinbase account and after the bitstamp imbroglio you decide that you only want to hold your btc with a financial service that is real-time transparent so that you know your value is safe (Btireserve is the only one that has a real-time proof of solvency-- we are overreserved in fact).
You open a BR account at bitreserve.org and send 50 btc to the btc address of your dollar card and 50btc to the btc address of your gold card. Once the bitcoin network confirms the btc transfers, we credit your dollar card with 50btc x the prevailing btc/usd spot rate at the time of the confirmation and we credit your gold card with 50btc X the prevailing btc/usd/gld spot rate. On the back end, we sell your btc and buy dollars and gold, which we hold in our reserve. 
If btc subsequently goes to $2, you are not impacted. And you can spend btc right from your USD and GLD cards on Bitreserve. Whenever you feel like it, you can convert value on your USD and GLD cards back to BTC, just by transferring value to your btc card.
Let's say you transfer those 100 btc to USD and GLD when btc is at $200. If it goes to $100/btc, you can then purchase twice as much bitcoin (or more depending on how GLD moves against USD).
With Bitreserve you can flip back and forth as many times as you want with no settlement delays. Our forex commissions are very low and we are committed to driving them lower and lower. We currently charge .45% to convert btc to usd and 2.4% to convert btc to gld. Our forex commissions cover our volatility exposure as we execute the value conversions and reallocate assets in our reserve.
I hope this answers your questions and that you will become a Bitreserve Member. We've seen a lot of btc come over in the wake of this Bitstamp hack. I suspect that our real-time transparency is something people are going to be valuing more and more. And I hope that more financial services, bitcoin or otherwise, adopt real-time transparency and real-time proof of solvency.
Tim 
@_date: 2015-01-03 17:21:32
Oshiro-- we hold gold in our reserve that substantiates the value of the bitgold that we enable. We are 100% transparent with regard to our aggregate liabilities to our members (the sum of the virtual assets our system enables) and the real assets in our reserve that substantiate the value of those virtual assets.
You can see that we are in face over-reserved here: 
As for "getting Gox'ed," no system is 100% secure from the risk of fraud, mismanagement, thievery, and negligence that brought Gox down. But we've done a great deal to minimize this risk.  Please check out the FAQ on our website for more information.  
Thanks for your interest and support. We welcome all bitcoiners to join us on our mission to change money and thereby change the world.
Regards, 
@_date: 2017-02-22 04:46:50
I love bee wallet!
@_date: 2015-07-07 16:04:39
Beautiful work.  Well done!
@_date: 2015-07-07 21:53:55
Welcome to the [family]( AirTM!
@_date: 2015-07-08 00:44:43
I think I already answered this for you here:
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:33:47
@_date: 2015-07-07 22:33:59
@_date: 2016-02-19 19:24:11
Price at end of crowdsale. Read about it [here]( and [here](
@_date: 2015-04-06 18:59:19
Hi BitcoinMichi--
I'm President at Bitreserve and negotiated both Ricardo Salinas' investment in Bitreserve and am heading up the integration of Bitreseve in Grupo Salinas' retail and banking business units.
So definitely not fake news.  There will be many announcements over the coming months as we integrate with Grupo Salinas.
Thanks for your interest and support.
Change money, change the world!
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:31:32
Hey sorry. I thought the PDF was worth reading. I'll take your advice next time.
@_date: 2015-09-11 11:52:05
Great article and mentions AirTM, the most innovative app so far built on top of Bitreserve's API. 
@_date: 2015-04-12 05:03:18
I'd suggest an essay that palpates the costs/benefits of decentralization.
Decentralized networks aspire to remove the moral hazard implicit in trusted parties, but they are less efficient and produce less consumer benefit than centralized systems (e.g., Napster vs. Itunes).
Is there a way to achieve the benefits of a centralized system --free, fast, easy, agile-- without the moral hazard.
At Bitreserve, we believe there is. Real-time transparency removes the moral hazard inherent in trusting financial intermediaries with your money.
Undisclosed risk taken with client funds to the sole benefit of the financial intermediary employees and shareholders is the alpha and omega of why banks collapse every ten years or so.  Real-time transparency eliminates that moral hazard.
Combining real-time transparency with a centralized system gives you all the consumer benefit with none of the consumer risk.
Good luck with your essay!
@_date: 2017-10-24 00:32:46
Use AirTM. Deposit to your AirTM account with PayPal. Then convert to BTC.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:07:41
That is a really nice thing to say. Thanks!
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:56:10
BGT-- decentralization is a clumsy solution for the trusted third-party problem. Real-time transparency offers most of the benefits of decentralization while still allowing for all the benefits of centralization--making things free, fast, and easy.  Hope we can one day convert you to be a BR member. We've got bitgold that is gold value in the cloud substantiated with real gold in our reserve.  Come on over and give us a try. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:06:03
Okay, okay, we get it. Marketing and PR are a lot easier when you're intention is to change the world for the better. And for the record: Bitgold, Inc is being listed on a Canadian exchange, which I imagine (don't know) brings a huge amount of scrutiny from regulators, so it strikes me as logically unlikely that they are the kind of charlatans that you are alleging. You can be careful without being caustic, right?
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:21:56
I'd also add that we are actively working with several insurance companies to formulate policies/coverage that does offer our Members and Bitreserve as a system and a company protection against loss-causing events, however unlikely. It's a work in progress.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:54:18
I understand and admire the passion of bitcoiners. Tears come from nasty surprises, betrayals, and being victim of the negligence of malfeasance of others. Real-time transparency prevents the first two. Choosing the right people and investing in security can diminish the likelihood of the last two. Centralization has brought great social benefit and caused much suffering. Decentralization is a cool concept, but it has yet to prove itself as useful to everyday consumers and businesses as centralization. At Bitreserve we're trying to provide all the social benefit of centralization and diminish the downside with real-time transparency, so that there are no nasty surprises and hopefully fewer tears. (Though my grandmother is fond of saying that "Into every life a little rain must fall.")
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:16:19
Hmmm... I am probably misremembering but I thought the entire raise by Stamp did with Pantera et al was $5mm.  I've visited those guys in their office in Kranj to check them out before we started using them-- lovely guys and I wish them well. I promise you I understand what a bank is and have spent many soul-killing hours with our lawyers, regulators, and other advisors (Promontory Group). I think you'll like what we'll be rolling out in May. Banks were releasing quarterly reports right up until the moment they all went bankrupt in 2008. Real-time transparency means identifying assets and liabilities clearly. Quarterly reports are inscrutable with regard to risk disclosure, even to the most able accountants. If it's so easy to understand the health of a bank, why did 2008 happen? Maybe you mean the health of a small community bank or credit union? In that case, I agree. 
Thank you. Can we talk off-reddit about what you think we could do better. You are UK-based, yes? We have a UK office. Would love to hear your thoughts and meet for a coffee when you have time. Or if you're going to compete directly, then maybe after you launch. Either way, thanks for taking the time to comment.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:38:40
Gosh. Really hope you're wrong.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:48:05
Cap2002. True-centralized--that's what makes bitmoney and bitcoin transfers instant and free. We're real-time transparent, so you don't need to trust at all--just see for yourself.  Transparency obviates trust. Anti-bitcoin? Nah. We're inspired by bitcoin. We're just trying to make the world a better place by creating a system that makes holding and moving money as free, fast, and easy as email. We want to give access to financial services to the worlds poorest and most vulnerable, to the unbanked and underbanked. Bitcoin's too volatile for poor people to use and too complex. If you mean we might fail like Gox, I guess you're right--that's possible. But if we do, it will be in broad daylight-- our real-time transparency means anyone with a networked device will have a front row seat to whatever hack or mismanagement sinks our ship. That said, everyone involved with Bitreserve have long track records of not screwing up like Gox, so I'm betting you'r wrong.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:39:11
Not yet, Simcom. But we're working on it. Thanks for your interest and support.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:09:44
SharkyD-- 
Multi-sig is a cost/benefit thing and we've come down on the side of not implementing. 
Insurance policies being offered to cover risk of bitcoin companies are not, by our legal and regulatory experts analysis, worth the paper they're written on.  The problem comes down to the fact that insurance companies do not understand the risks of loss that bitcoin companies face and so their policies do not really provide coverage for the risk that clients run when they entrust their bitcoin to financial institutions. It sounds great to offer insurance, but drill down into the legalese of the policies and cost/benefit it's not good business and doesn't really offer the protection to clients that it seems to. We're all about real solutions for our Members at BR--real security, real compliance, real innovation. Multi-sig and Insurance sound great and for some services multi-sig is great, but we steer our ship by the stars of consumer benefit. So fast, free, safe, and easy is the direction we go on the member experience side. And investments that actually add value and protect our members on the business side. Thanks for your interest and support.
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:20:30
Working on it Yaginuma. Reserve audit is in process. We've only been open to the public for 4 months. The Reservechain and Reserveledger are 100% accurate. Hope you come back.  
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:40:18
Thanks 1waterhole. If you ever want to flip from BTC to GLD or hold USD in the cloud so that it can be zipped around the world as fast, easy, and free as email, please come give BR as try.
@_date: 2015-03-17 20:05:23
Fear not, Captain, we're on it. Thanks for all the support. We all really enjoyed your Cloud Money Battle Hymn.
Change Money, Change the World!
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:38:20
We've been working hard to get a policy in place that's worth the premium and gives protection to our members. Work in progress.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:36:36
I do indeed work at Bitreserve and have since it's inception. Sorry if you think my responses were "buzzword-laden" (I'm pretty sure that's a compound adjective requiring a hyphen, and that the word you're looking for is "obfuscatory."  Obfuscated is the past participle of the verb and strikes me as infelicitous. Calling other people's sincere statements "garbage" is hurtful, by the way. Thanks for your "interest"!
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:06:56
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:08:13
I shared your comment with the entire team. It makes us happy.
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:59:35
You're awesome!
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:06:37
I've been a fan of fiatleak since before we started BR.
@_date: 2015-03-19 18:39:19
Hey there-- 
More and more bitcoiners are holding their BTC in their Bitreserve wallet because of our security, compliance, and real-time transparency. Bitcoin traders can flip their BTC back and forth as many times as they like at a very low (and dropping) cost with no bank settlement delays. 
When we opened to the public four months ago, I believe we had something like 300 BTC in our reserve; now we're over 4,000.  The reserve grows faster every day, as do our transaction volumes, our partnerships, and developers building cool stuff with our API.
For people who want to participate in the bitcoin economy but who aren't comfortable with BTC's wild volatility, we're the best (lowest cost, fastest, safest) place to hold stable value (USD, GLD, EUR, etc.) that can instantly be converted and sent/spent as BTC. 
And we do it all with real-time proof of solvency and liquidity, so there's no chance of a Gox or a Bitstamp or a Coinapult occurring, because everyone can see in real-time what's going on inside our cloud money system.
We'll be turning on fiat-in/fiat-out spigots soon, but we'll always welcome bitcoiners and strive to provide them with the lowest conversion costs, the best security, and real-time transparency so they can be sure their value is safe.
Thanks for your support.
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:22:10
Come on, cap2002. What's with the haterade?
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:42:48
Hi Devam13. Not very much like Coinapult at all. Try both services and you'll see why.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:53:18
And decentralization results in slow, costly, unscalable systems that provide very little consumer benefit and don't solve the most pressing problems of our poorest and most vulnerable global citizens. 
Bitcoin is an awesome innovation and the inspiration for what we've built at Bitreserve. But it doesn't solve the problems that real people have with money and access to basic financial services. We're hoping to deliver on the promise of bitcoin and put hundreds of billions of dollars back into the pockets of consumers and businesses. 
We're probably not for you, but bitcoin isn't for most people, and especially not poor people.
@_date: 2015-10-05 05:28:02
The author of the article mentions AirTM in the comments. AirTM.io is in private beta in Venezuela, Argentina, and China. Amazingly cool service built on top of Bitreserve's API.
Check out this explainer video: 
@_date: 2015-03-19 18:51:10
Let's say you want to participate in the bitcoin economy, but don't like BTC volatility. You can hold your value with Bitreserve as stable value (USD, GLD, EUR) and convert it instantly to send/spend as BTC.
If you're a BTC trader, we're a great platform to buy on the dips and sell on the rises--low conversion commission, no settlement delays, and real-time transparency so you can be sure your value is safe.
Let's say you live in a harsh/confiscatory currency regime and want to move your wealth out of the country, but hold it as stable value-- you can buy BTC, send it to your BR wallet and hold it as Gold or USD or any of the other dozen currencies/precious metals we support.
What if you want to send money to a friend across the globe, but don't want BTC volatility chewing up your value? You can send USD or Rupees or GLD instantly and for free to your friend--free remittance!--and they can cash out via localbitcoins on the other side.
If you're a bitcoin speculator and just want a safe place to hold your bitcoin as it goes to the moon, we're great for that too. We're secure, compliant, and have real-time transparency so there's no chance of a Bitstamp or Gox or Coinapult happening.
Thanks for your support.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:25:15
No CC-- that would make us a bank. Our reserve is a mechanism by which we substantiate the value of the cloud-based virtual assets we enable. Our reserve assets substantiate the value of our bitassets. And our real-time transparency--something Coinbase really should adopt--means that anyone at anytime anywhere can confirm that our system is solvent and has sufficient liquidity, in other words that our obligations to our members are matched (overmatched in fact) by the assets in our reserve. Imagine if all banks did this!  Imagine if Gox and Bitstamp did this! Why doesn't Coinbase do this?  Inquiring minds want to know!
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:02:39
Xeidal-- I love your arguments and I admire your passion. You'd be surprised to discover that we share many of the same opinions. I find the abuse done in the name of centralized systems, be they governments or banks to be sickening. We're trying to offer the benefits of centralization (instant, free) and diminish the downside with real-time transparency. Maybe we'll change the world, maybe we'll fail, but our intentions are the very best: to make the world fairer and more inclusive.
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:46:37
Sorry you feel that way. I watch Bitreserve's expenses like a parsimonious hawk and I can assure you that the site was not expensive. Sorry you think it "sucks." What don't you like about it? Why don't you come work for BR if you think you could do better?
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:57:03
This is a growing trend we are seeing, not just Argentina, but many other harsh currency regimes: Bolivia, Venezuela, Turkey, Cyprus.  Someone recently posted a thread about how to preserve your wealth in Bolivia using bitcoin&lt;==&gt;Bitreserve.  Here it is:  Buena onda bdangh!
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:21:36
Real-time transparency will keep us honest. One of the only things I remember from law school was a quote from Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis: "Sunlight is the best disinfectant."
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:23:04
Awesome. Will do.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:50:02
Sharky-- you are correct that there's always the risk that BR will get hacked, that our security measures, no matter how well-considered and implemented, will fail. But the real danger posed to consumers by financial services from Gox to the banks that all failed in 2008 isn't the risk of hackers or failures of security or internal controls, it's the lack of transparency that allows undisclosed risk to build up in a system. If Gox had been as transparent as BR, everyone would have been able to see in real-time what was going on-- that hackers were stealing coin or that Karpeles was buying coin with client funds or whatever else was going on. Centralized financial systems offer huge consumer benefits, but until BR's real-time transparency those benefits have come at an enormous cost, one that almost brought down the world's financial system. If banks were as transparent as BR, we'd all be able to judge the risk they were taking with our money and then we could pull our money out or leave it in as befit our risk appetite. Security/hackers aren't the biggest risk to global finance, undisclosed risk is, and real-time transparency is the solution.
 It's true that holding your own bitcoin or using Coinbase vault removes the risk posed by a centralized service like BR that is designed to make moving value instant and free. It would not be difficult for us to add a "vault" card to our dashboard, but our goal isn't to help bitcoiners vault their bitcoin. Our mission is to change money fundamentally so that holding and moving money is instant and free and so that every networked device is an access point to basic financial services. Our goal is to raise the bar for financial stewardship worldwide with real-time transparency.
There are many, many, many important problems that need to be solved to help the poorest and most vulnerable people in the world. Those are the ones BR is committed to solving. Vaulting bitcoin solves none of them, though I can totally understand why you'd prefer to sock your bitcoin away in a vault. If you want to use those bitcoin for commerce, however, BR is where you'll want to move them.
Thanks for joining our Series B. I'm confident that our track record so far and the many announcements to come this year will prove you to be a very savvy investor.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:02:08
X-- you can't please all the people all the time. If decentralization is a dogmatic necessity for you, then BR is not for you. But if what you want is instant, free value transfer and real-time transparency (which we believe addresses most of the problems that people have with trusted third-party systems) then come over to where the cloud money really works for everyday commerce, come over to Bitreserve!
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:48:22
No sir. We enable cloud money that is free and instant to hold and move. We don't bet and we don't hedge. If you go from BTC to BitUSD, you are out of BTC and we reallocate assets in our reserve to ensure that our aggregate liabilities to our Members are matched (overmatched in fact) by real assets held in our reserve. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:07:08
You're nice!
@_date: 2015-03-19 23:12:41
Xeidai-- By the end of the year we will have reduced the cost of remittance in several major corridors to less than 2%. That a start. Cynicism and skepticism are great, but the truth is that helping the less fortunate is something that has always been important to me (e.g., I was  Peace Corps volunteer for two years in Guatemala). Bitcoin doesn't work for remittance or most other commercial transactions due to its volatility, its strangeness, its relative slowness. 
Let's not get into a religious argument. You believe in decentralized systems despite no consumer benefit. I don't have that faith, but I respect your belief.
Let's check in again in six months and see if your faith is still as strong and if Bitreserve has delivered the cute puppies and crying babies.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:32:18
Elan-- thanks for your comments. I'm going to flesh out those buzz words for your when I have more time, but I wanted to say that you're correct that just accepting fiat and holding it in a named account doesn't make a venture a bank. Exchanges-- I gather from your other posts that you run one?-- do that, as do money transfer ventures, and other MSBs. What I meant was that were we to have named accounts in our asset reserve-- these dollars, gold, euros, etc. belong to Elan-- then we'd likely eventually be regulated as a bank. What we do is something very different--virtual assets backed by a full reserve with real-time transparency (more buzz words, oh no!).  A full reserve married to cloud-based assets is not a financial model that fits comfortably into existing regulatory regimes. And, yes, running a full reserve means we reallocate assets in our reserve to reflect changes in our aggregate obligations to our members. I'll also have to explain better what our real-time transparency means and why it indeed would have prevented (or at least alerted stakeholders) to a Gox, Stamp, Bank blow-ups by disclosing the solvency, liquidity, and in the case of banks liability/asset risk mismatch. Undisclosed risk is the ticking time bomb in global finance and it blows up every ten years just about. And yes, we have some currency mismatch, but the volatility of the USD/other fiat mismatched pairs is immaterial and the size of the mismatch is small. You're clearly very bright and I like that you're an autodidact, so when I have some more time I'll reply more fully and hopefully respond to your comments more cogently. Thanks, Tim.
P.S. Is Bistamp solvent? How would anyone know? How did they plug that USD5mm hole in their balance sheet? I hope they're solvent. We use them often to reallocate BTC&lt;=&gt;USD in our reserve. But without real-time transparency like BR has, it's really impossible to say. 
@_date: 2015-03-21 06:22:35
Knight222-- tell me what we have to do to earn those other two points.
@_date: 2015-03-21 05:58:41
Those bitgold.com guys certainly are interesting characters, but I'd hold off spreading rumors like that without proof.
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:53:52
I was writing fast and was not clear. I meant that with BR you can see in real-time what is happening. You don't need to wait (weeks in the case of BS) for them to get their act together and explain what happened. What you do with your money = your business. What BR does with your money = everyone's business (anonymized data, of course). Same with Coinapult-- wouldn't it have been better/safer/fairer if they had real-time transparency so that everyone could see in real-time whether their BTC and fiat-denominated liabilities were matched by their assets?  If technology allows for real-time transparency, our belief at BR is that every financial institution should adopt it. Enough with all the black boxes and opaque operations already. We all work hard for our money. We should know exactly what an institution is doing with it when we entrust it to them. Indeed, it's a core tenet of BR that we live in a post-trust world (thanks 2008 bank collapse) and that real-time transparency is the only way financial services should operate.  I appreciate your correction and apologize for not being clearer.
@_date: 2015-03-19 20:49:05
CODC-- fiat-in, fiat-out (and much more) coming in a few months.  Stay tuned. 
@_date: 2015-10-04 05:01:28
AirTM is private beta in Venezuela. Amazingly cool service built on top of Bitreserve's API. 
Check out this explainer video: 