@_author: timraines
@_date: 2016-04-24 19:45:45
The Cobalt on Main Street in Vancouver.
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:36:04
I've used a reverse whois lookup to beat their anonymizer. I have a name, address, and phone number for the person who originally registered crowdcoin. Private message me and we can discuss how to pursue. 
@_date: 2013-12-04 22:20:24
On 'inundated with support e-mails,' this definitely didn't seem to be a problem when I was **paying** for the BC. At that point, inquiries were being handled almost immediately.
Imaturo - A follow up on our conversation below... I wrote them this morning and said that if I didn't hear back on my original query (which asked why, on Tuesday, they had yet to deliver the coins that they said would be there on Monday) by noon, I would look to have them blocked as a vendor by my bank, and obviously to reverse my own transaction. I also said I'd seek to rally the cause here to ensure that they can no longer advertise via sponsored link (again, perhaps the most depressing part of this). 
There has been no reply, so I'm going to take those steps with my bank. Is there some optimal path we can pursue to help warn other naive Redditors? Should we be contacting mods? Trying to get a basic warning post upvoted to the top of r/bitcoin?
Still, the more I look around, the more I see that the writing was on the wall. A whois on their site leads to this proxy company ( There is a consumer complaint address on that site, which is: consumerconcerns
I'll fire off an e-mail there, but I am not hopeful.
@_date: 2013-12-10 23:02:22
Crowdcoin.biz has also ripped off several members of this sub. 
@_date: 2013-12-03 22:25:09
I used their 'newest method of payment,' Interact e-transfer - only for Canadians!
They said three days. I followed up after three days. They said by Monday. It's Tuesday afternoon...
Most bothersome to me is that I found out about these guys through a sponsored Reddit post. Has anyone had success using them, or is it just straight rip offs? If so, shouldn't we be bringing this to the attention of someone at Reddit? I have to imagine that the Mods would rather not provide advertising for that kind of business.