@_author: timtayshun
@_date: 2016-08-21 21:54:40
SWEET :)
i WILL WORK ON IT! (and source ALL of it, of course)
@_date: 2016-08-25 04:14:15
Onecoin's claim that they are going to be bigger and better than bitcoin is like me telling you that "YOU TOO CAN DO THIS: 
....Oh yeah, plus they are only "vapor-ware."
@_date: 2016-08-18 08:15:55
This statement is correct. On average, only about 12.5% of the network ends up with a net "win" in such a Ponzi Scam - which Onecoin most certainly is.
Oh, and they are not a cryptocurrency, by any stretch of the imagination.
@_date: 2016-08-17 17:22:50
And how might that merchant convert it to fiat? 
According to Onecoin literature, they can only TRY to convert 1.5% daily. Mmmmkay. Sounds enticing! I wonder if the merchant has to "pay for education" to access or trade it to someone else in their closed loop?
MOST of the major Onecoin FB pages have now either disabled comments altogether, or are FEVERISHLY moderating and deleting comments, as the negative ones keep stacking up. Sounds like good business to me. SMH!
@_date: 2016-08-18 06:19:16
I would LOVE Roger Ver to back me up for a 1.0 BTC Reward/ Bounty for any accusation/ proof in my interview being disproven: 
I have been offering 100mBTC for any Onecoiner to disprove ANY of my most egregious accusations against them and their founders/ co-conspirators, since April 9th of this year, and not a single Onecoiner has been able to do so. All threads and challenges end up with me going, "hello! Are you there!?"
@_date: 2016-08-28 07:44:44
I have NEVER accepted a dime for exposing Onecoin for the fraud it is.
Let me explain: I am neither a PCP or PPP ("Penny chasing parasite" or "pictureless profile prick").
I have never been paid (although I have been offered BRIBES by top Onecoin leaders to "shut up."
SEE: 
I will publish more of this conversation between myself and a Top Onecoin "Leader."
It's real simple and I can sum it up in less than ten words:
FUCK ONECOIN SCAMMER/ IDIOTS!
It is "vapor-ware," with no blockchain.
Fuck those scamming scammers. 
@_date: 2016-08-25 04:31:10
Let's just take down Onecoin, the only multi-BILLION dollar pseudo-crypto/ ponzi/ pyramid scam at present and let it set precedence as the SEC and alphabet agencies around the world begin a billion bucks worth of claw-backs from the 12.5% who either broke even or are considered "winners" to pay back a small percentage of their down-line victims.
After Onecoin, screw it. But, until then, the media, the authorities, and the public need to have the perception that the REAL cryptocurrency community fought this piece of shit and helped perpetuate its collapse. 
Laws, legislation, regulation and compliance are going to affect all of us unless we, as a community, help distinguish a clear separation between this scam vapor-ware coin and legitimate cryptocurrency projects.
Lastly, IF the REAL cc community makes this plain as day, than all those bastard scammers will have just sent half of the scammed from the dark side into the light, and it strengthens the entire economy.
@_date: 2016-08-18 06:21:42
Ps. I would offer more, as I am 100% confident in my assertions, but, who knows? Did I "typo" somewhere? I dunno. I've risked 0.1 BTC since that time (my smaller budget, but nevertheless display of confidence that I didn't "f"-up), and have never once been successfully challenged!
@_date: 2016-04-14 08:13:07
I apologize in advance for the length (and format most likely on this thread), but here are the main points with ALL the sourcing you need to prove this is a total scam:
HISTORY OF FALSE " PARTNERSHIP" WITH CHARITY:
I was the first to expose the fact that One World Foundation LIED about their Partnership with the charity SEVA Canada (which helps blind children), after becoming suspicious of the organization and simply deciding to make a phone call and email inquiry.
I received a response from Penny Lyons, SEVA's Executive Director confirming my suspicion of fraudulent association claims.
HERE IS THE EVIDENCE WHICH RESULTED:
and see this &gt;2min. video put together by Ben Zmith:
images: 
HISTORY OF FALSE MEDIA PUBLICITY (Part 1)
(Onecoin and One World Foundation CEO and co-founder Mrs. Ruja Ignatova CAUGHT LYING)
COMPARE "FORBES MAGAZINE" COVERS:
Image: from Onecoin's website (reminder Onecoin/ One World Foundation are the same entity run by Ignatova: 
and: 
SEE: 20 seconds into this video from one of their top reps: 
VIDEO shows a Onecoin member flipping through Forbes magazine (and Onecoin curiously appears to have both back cover ad, as well as last page full-page ad): 
WHILE ONECOIN PROMOTED THE ABOVE AS AN ACTUAL "FORBES" COVER (AND ARTICLE) TO LURE NEW INVESTORS, IT WAS MERELY A PAID ADVERTISEMENT FROM THEIR MARKETING ARM CALLED "BRAND VOICE." SOURCE:  
HERE IS THE ACTUAL FORBES COVER, BULGARIA, FOR THIS ISSUE
Directly from Forbes Bulgaria's website: 
or see short  video proof HERE: 
HISTORY OF FALSE MEDIA PUBLICITY (Part 2)
QUOTE: "Financial IT magazine is published 4 times a year. With distribution of over 2,000 print and digital copies, our magazine is a perfect media vehicle to extend global reach of your print advertisement and brand awareness campaigns."
SOURCE: 
MEDIA KIT: 
COMPARE "FINANCIAL IT" (WINTER) MAGAZINE COVERS:
This is from a Onecoin top rep (close-up of cover saying "Winter" Issue: youtube.com/watch?v=50ssom-lsK4
and this: 
HERE ARE BOTH THE OFFICIAL "WINTER" ISSUE, PLUS THE RUJA (PAID) COVER ISSUE AND STORY
JANUARY (WINTER)
NOTE: BOTH MAGAZINE ISSUES ARE EXACTLY THE SAME, PAGE FOR PAGE, WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE COVERS BEING DIFFERENT, AND A 2-PAGE RUJA (PAID) INTERVIEW SUBSTITUTED FOR 2 PAGES OF ADVERTISEMENTS. NO CHANGES. IT IS THE SAME ISSUE, ESSENTIALLY.
AGAIN: The FINANCIAL IT magazine cover and story is yet another PAID ADVERTISEMENT using DECEPTIVE TACTICS (and FRAUDULENT marketing) to attract newly invested funds to pay off existing investors
FRAUDULENT CLAIM of "FAIR MARKET VALUE" of ONECOIN on "OPEN MARKET" via FAKE "CRYPTOCURRENCY EXCHANGE"
Onecoin/ One World Foundation Founder and CEO, Mrs. Ruja Ignatova announcing that Onecoin will be listed on a new cryptocurrency exchange (on the open market)
The TITLE of this Presentation at GIANT recruiting Conference in Dubai on May 15th, 2015, was,:
"Taking Onecoin to the Next Level"  
THE FOLLOWING PROVES THE EXCHANGE SHE IS REFERRING TO,  IS A FRAUDULENT WEBSITE
(every indication suggests that this fake "exchange" is likely created by Onecoin themselves)
DAMNING IMAGES:
PLAGIARIZED xcoinx is the exact copy of coinmarketcap (a real exchange), but with Onecoin as the  cryptocurrency in the world with a market cap of just under $4 Billion. Coinmarketcap currently lists 730 qty. separate cryptocurrencies. Onecoin is nowhere on that list. Of the many dozens of exchanges, Onecoin is not listed on ANY in the world other than this fake site. 
DIRECT SOURCE: 
DIRECT SOURCE: 
PLAGIARIZED  xcoinx copied 100% VERBATIM the entire FAQ from BitStamp (a respected cryptocurrency exchange)
DIRECT SOURCE: 
DIRECT SOURCE: 
The price of Onecoin (the same company who runs One World Foundation) NEVER goes down! Only up!!
The price is dictated by Ruja Ignatova and has no basis in reality or free-market economics
HERE is what ANY commodity or currency chart looks like in real life (example): 
HERE is the first chart in the entire world which magically looks like this (SOURCE): 
THIS IS A GIANT PONZI/ PYRAMID SCHEME WHICH SIMPLY CANNOT BE SUSTAINED!
NOTE: I personally challenged one of the top Onecoin recruiters, Ken Labine (Canada) to a LIVE web DEBATE this past Saturday, April 9th, 2016 at 4:00PM PST to expose this information and discuss it. He agreed!  HOWEVER, instead, he literally broadcast a 4 1/2 HOUR LONG (!!!) ...soliloquy of himself reading comments and facts I had posted, trying desperately, in a futile attempt, to discredit me (he ended up disabling his comments, as he does on all videos). As of the moment his video has over 1,000 views. He never let me on the air and never let me say even one word, whatsoever. The evasiveness and cowardice was palpable! (
I do not expect you to watch, but here is the link) SOURCE: 
The blogger from Behind MLM site who saw it captured a brief moment of the video and ran it next to Onecoin Founder Ruja Ignatova explaining exactly what Ken Labine was lying about. So, a liar disproving a liar about a scam product which uses DECEPTIVE TACTICS (and FRAUDULENT marketing) to attract newly invested funds to pay off existing investors
PLEASE WATCH THIS ONE! IT IS LESS THAN 2 MINUTES LONG AND SHOWS THE CHARACTER OF THOSE INVOLVED:   
ONECOIN DEFRAUDS ONECOIN MEMBER OF $200,000 WORTH OF PONZI POINTS BY DIRECT THEFT
ONECOIN MASTERCARD ISSUER CONVICTED OF SMUGGLING $24 MILLION EUROS WORTH OF DRUGS...
ONECOIN NEWS REPORTS ON FINLAND TV
Interview with top Onecoin con-artist: 
2nd Finnish NEWS TV coverage of this scam: 
FINAL SUMMARY
My apology for the length of this message, but this is a very serious matter, dealing with very serious fraud
In honesty, this is a very, very small portion of the evidence I have collected over the past 12 months that is damning to Onecoin and One World Foundation
They have changed banks too many times to count in the past 12 months
Ruja Ignatova (Founder/ CEO) history is incredibly vague and un-sourceable (and I'm great at sourcing evidence!)
Ruja FALSE CLAIMS to be an "expert" and "professional" in cryptocurrency ("authored books," "consulted cryptocurrency companies")
HERE she claims Bitcoin started "before terrorist attacks and before September 11 (2001)" - EVERYONE knows that Bitcoin began in January 2009 (certainly an "expert" would. Right?): TITLE: "Dr. Ruja "OneCoin" Ignatova in London 06. Feb. 2016"  SEE STARTING AT EXACTLY 5:15 mark: 
Onecoin IS NOW UNDER INVESTIGATION IN THE FOLLOWING COUNTRIES for operating an illegal pyramid scheme
FINLAND: 
SWEDEN: 
ESTONIA: 
AUSTRIA: 
MORE TO COME, GUARANTEED!
@_date: 2015-06-20 21:12:32
Thanks for the post :)
@_date: 2014-09-20 01:34:00
Excellent and articulate presentation on both bitcoin and BTM in such a short time frame :)   !!!
@_date: 2015-05-01 10:40:35


bro, your video is pretty bad-ass and explains what you are looking to accomplish very clearly and concisely. I'm very interested.
I like to "put hands together" and think I have a few people, like Fred M and Patrick D whom I think you guys may be able to explore some fun stuff! PM me for more... :)
@_date: 2015-05-02 05:22:55
 - note taken. Thanks.
@_date: 2014-07-13 19:32:10
@ AnonymousRev: Correct (and good link, BTW). A lot of the newest machines which have been deployed are trying to fly below the radar, but make no mistake, the IRS will be scrutinizing the heck out of BATM operators. Also, the definition was a little bit more grey, it seemed, whether or not it could even arguably be considered simply a "vending machine," up until about 3 weeks ago when CA Gov. Jerry Brown signed AB 129 into law, thereby making virtual currencies "money" in the state. This is a great success, but also clarifies how the state will treat them. Subsequently, it will also likely require an Insurance Bond, which I believe necessitates insurance coverage of up to $250K - another added expense.
@_date: 2015-05-01 20:17:00
 - hehe. We are working with some skilled tech managers, presently. However, you can PM or Skype me and we can have some discussion. We are no longer building the internal team, so much, but will be looking at out-sourced projects in the field, meaning if you are doing some interesting development in the field now, I would love to hear your ideas and see if or when they might become something that we may be able to drop into the kiosks as an API. The way the machines are managed, we can drop in, drop out, turn off or turn on any API remotely, be it via individual kiosk, or based on certain demographics, territory, or network wide. 
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:02:17
 - many of us are in this for similar reasons. I have made great alliances :)
That is why I am absolutely in LOVE with this community!
I can only promise that I will do my best to represent the core values of the community, at large. That is my full fledged commitment
@_date: 2015-05-01 05:30:49
The answer is a "quiet" answer, please.
you won't be disappointed.
Put it that way.
I have to leave it at that for now.
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:05:35
 - read my LinkedIn and you will see that this is my mission. I also work with several teams who have a similar mission. There are some other projects I am working on, which I won't name here, but which you can find, which have been established for this same purpose. I love my community, and we have to do this together and collectively. We are reaching a new turning point, and I am increasingly excited about these possibilities!!
@_date: 2014-07-13 07:01:38
Yes. Good luck with this and congrats! I am hoping to do the same here in CA within the next 3 months. If you are at liberty to discuss, was FinCEN and State paperwork difficult and time-consuming? How long did it take you to get your paperwork together and did you retain an attorney for guidance in doing so? I will understand if you choose not to discuss this topic, as it may be considered "sensitive." However, while having printed all of the necessary paperwork (I think) for the Fed and state applications, I am trying to get a grasp of the timeline expectation to being able to actually deploy a machine, and whether I should begin this process immediately, or if I can wait a couple weeks until I secure my investors commitment on the startup cost, lease and other 3rd party fees, including attorney? BTW: The attorney I will be using is out of San Diego, and has been accepting bitcoin already for several months, so they have a direct interest and foresight already in the matter :) 
@_date: 2015-05-01 19:40:54
 - also, look at the article again. Who was the first to report it? CoinTelegraph South Africa :) Coincidence? That may be another hint of ....something. The big picture is more than just "some new tech company doing some new 'tech' stuffs."
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:13:46
ummmm ....is this "live" info or "captured" cause, it is rather "controversial" ;)
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:15:47
 - IT NEEDS TO!
(there are many things that I would love to add, as far as my thoughts here, but I'm sure every person reading this can fill in those blanks with what we believe may be some of those answers ;)
@_date: 2014-07-13 20:00:14
Wow. More good info. Thank you. I'm familiar with the KYC rules and the 3 tiers of MSB transactions that apply for $1-$1K, $1K-$3K, and &gt;$3K. If I am not mistaken, the way I read the FinCEN application, you may operate once the application has been submitted, I believe for up to 6 months before having to re-apply. I believe they view this as Due Diligence on the part of the Operator, however, I've been so immersed in information it is possible that I am "blending" information that I've heard, with that which is actual law. 
One of my very next steps, obviously, is to retain attorney services to seek clarification and protect myself. I have contacted Pasha Law out of San Diego already to inform them of my intention of working with them on this launch, and to begin using their consultation starting within the next few weeks. They, themselves, have been accepting bitcoin for their services for the past several months now, and as such, should be a good team to work with, as this area of law is beginning to apply to them, or at least may in the future. They are already working with a few other bitcoin start-ups, directories and app developers, yet are not as behemoth to be priced out of my budget. Thank you for the links for my personal archives. 
@_date: 2016-03-22 19:06:47
Here is a summary I posted of all the points I can think of which have developed over the past year with Onecon (with a few revised edits).
I wrote this to the guys who posted the supposed “expose” on BMLM – which really has little meaning or substance, anyway (OP: remove/ edit this post as you deem fit)
Hello Ted Nuyten, Ken Labine, John Reilly and any Onecoin affiliates. I’d like to have a friendly conversation, but definitely address a few things.
1.) Ted (Author of the article), you claim that in regards to Behind MLM that ” in 90% of all cases their biased – false conclusion is the same: It’s a pyramid, a ponzi or a recruitment scheme.”
Surely you might give at least A FEW examples? I would be particularly interested to see ANY Onecoin information which they have presented which you (or OC) is able to refute? I would assume that OC affiliates could certainly point to one or more of such reference sources.
The first article (*Behind MLM) wrote on Onecoin in late 2014 has well over 1,200 comments on it now. Behind MLM has written about Onecoin discrepancies DOZENS of times. With sooooo many accusations, you should have no problem finding a few “lies” or “false conclusions.” I challenge you to list just one or two.
2.) you also state that, “….A number of companies want to sue BehindMLM.” “Want to sue” and “have sued” or “have attempted to sue,” are an entirely different claim. A lawsuit can only be realized if there is proven defamation via misdirected slander and/ or libel.
3.) IF Onecoin were so concerned about negative media pressure from Behind MLM, Cointelegraph (the  crypto and ‘alt-coin’ media source in the world) and so many others, why are they purposefully trying to deceive and make such scrutiny so easy?
PLETHERA OF BAD EXAMPLES, *BAD ACTING (&amp; history since inception):
“Better than bitcoin” – yet zero utility, no evidence of the technology behind it, whatsoever. *Like, “We will be the next Google!” – sheer words with no substance, by themselves.
Nigel Allan – first CEO, known ponzi criminal (so infamous Ruja had to get rid of him in Jan. last yr)
Sebastian Greenwood – Unaico, Site Talk, and other ponzi involvement
“Forbes Bulgaria cover and article” – LIE, Paid Advert, only distribution to select OC affiliates
“Financial IT cover and article (quarterly)” – LIE, Paid Advert, only distribution to select OC affiliates
“OneWorld &amp; SEVA Canada Partnership (for Blind Kids)” – I investigated and disproved it, MYSELF. *No affiliation w/ SEVA
“Ruja is buying a number of banks” – totally false
ACTUALLY, how many banks have they gone through in the past 8 months!?!?
“We sell educational material” – plagiarised, out-of-date, available for cheap or free online. *Occam’s Razor would suggest that, 10 to 1, what they are promoting are their ponzi points, not their education material.
AND NO MATERIAL FOR MOST RECENT BIGGEST PACKAGES (*but will take money)
“BLOCKCHAIN” – see definition of blockchain. OC script runs on only a very few computers. *A blockchain is a large distributed network running such algorithmic proof of work, etc.
“MINING” – see definition of mining. It does not mean what you think this means. Onecoin can be created with little more technical savy than running a calculator.
OC “VALUE” – see definition of “market price” (as opposed to closed loop system where “value is dictated”) NOTE: Ruja and offical OC slideshow state, “value is based on mining difficulty” – SMH!
“KYC” – does NOT take 60 days in ANY industry, including banking (it’s a trap).
“KYC(2)” – Ruja said OC can help the unbanked. KYC absolutely destroys this argument.
Multiple Governments warnings stating OC is suspected of being a ponzi, pyramid scheme (Finland, Estonia, Nederlands).
“Closed Source” – totally manipulable, unaccountable, non-secure, non-transparent (but “transparency” lie is pushed by Ruja).
“we have the best developers” – but we won’t even name them or talk about the code.
2.1 Billion coins – but enters the market at $1.05 on day  (lol). It took bitcoin 2 yrs to get to 10 cents.
“I CAN’T WITHDRAW FUNDS” – posted all over OC FB pages faster than they can be taken down.
“15 day site ‘maintenance'” – name ONE website in the world that closes for two weeks – especially with the type of money OC is allegedly bringing in.
“Crypto-Queen” – “I have consulted many cryptocurrency companies” – name one? *Also: claims in an interview to have been following bitcoin since 2009/ 2010, but has difficulty talking about cryptocurrency in any meaningful way (she only knows very minimal, obviously)
“Author of book on cryptocurrency (in Chinese)” – IMPOSSIBLE to find any reference to online
“MasterCard suspension” – Holding Bank Zala-Group LTD, Director, Martin Henry Beckett arrested on major drug charges this week.
“Dr. Ruja history” – for such an “accomplished woman,” why is it that little to no evidence is available from 3rd party sources to back up even half of her credentials???
“150,000 to 500,000 merchant vendors claim” – HOW ON EARTH!?!?
“…introduce to Open Market when we hit (30%/ 50%/ forever pushed back) mined” – see GLC disintegration when they did that.
C’mon! Who are you going to believe? Some tax-sheltered, regulation protected location, demonstrably shell related company who has issued provably out-right lies and clear deception about their accomplishments in order to bring in new recruits (to pay the old)?
….Or diligent blogger AND OTHER investigative media sources WHO ACTUALLY LIST AND SHOW ALL THEIR SOURCING AND REFERENCES?
(B MLM: Let me know if I missed anything)
@_date: 2015-05-01 05:33:01
 - INDEED! Shhhhh. (others: look in the "light blue" section for what servo just MIGHT be referring to, if curious)
@_date: 2015-01-28 21:05:38
Hi, This is Timothy Curry (I go by "Tim Tayshun" in forums and comments). I am the president and co-founder of  as well as another project in the works called "AUTONet: African Umbrella Trust Organization &amp; Network." I have been working with several countries and non-profits in Africa, including with Mustapha Cole at SLLG (Sierra Leone Liberty Group), Phillip Agyere at DBF (Dream Bitcoin Foundation), and Alakanani Itirelend (AKA: "Lady Bitcoin Botswana" @ Satoshi Center Pty, Ltd., Botswana), to name a few. 
Mustapha's quest is real and he is real. You can find quite a bit more information about him by Googling his name and SLLG, through Cointelegraph and other crypto-publications. Each of the 3 groups mentioned above have also been directly linked to my site at  - if anyone has additional concerns and wishes to have a discussion about any of these groups and what they are doing (or for that matter, what the AUTONet Project is setting out to do, you can find my contact information on my website or on LinkedIn (under my proper name). 
Our group, as well as College Cryptocurrency Network have recently raised money to send Mustapha from his home country of Sierra Leone to Ghana for the first annual Bitcoin Conference, in Kumasi, Ghana. Mustapha has been assisting DBF and other groups in working together across Africa to expand the bitcoin eco-system, and teach entrepreneurship and better domestic and international commerce through bitcoin (as well as communications alliances).
Due to the recent ebola crisis in Sierra Leone and parts of western Africa, SLLG has refocused their efforts on combating this virus, as well as feeding and bringing better sanitary supplies, chlorine, bleach, soap, rubber gloves, etc., AND FOOD, into affected areas. All of these products are much more readily available in Ghana, and are also significantly cheaper to purchase there (and to bring back on Mustapha's flight on Feb. 3rd)
Lastly, our friend and SLLG Leader, Mustapah, has been experiencing concerning stomach issues and lack of bowel movement over the past several days (these are NOT symptoms of anything ebola related). He is scheduled to make his return to Sierra Leone in about 5 days from now, but should really see a local doctor in order to get checked out and to be prescribed any medication which will be able to help him - medical help in SL is nearly non-existant due to the few doctors having been spread thin in addressing the ebola epidemic (as well as malaria, which is a major issue). 
We're trying to raise about 0.40 BTC to get Mustapha to see a doctor and get medication prior to his flight. If you can help, that would be great. If you wish to contact me directly, the information exists herein to make that happen. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-03-25 02:14:28
Here is a summary I posted of all the points I can think of which have developed over the past year with Onecon (with a few revised edits).
I wrote this to the guys who posted the supposed “expose” on BMLM – which really has little meaning or substance, anyway (OP: remove/ edit this post as you deem fit)
Hello Ted Nuyten, Ken Labine, John Reilly and any Onecoin affiliates. I’d like to have a friendly conversation, but definitely address a few things.
1.) Ted (Author of the article), you claim that in regards to Behind MLM that ” in 90% of all cases their biased – false conclusion is the same: It’s a pyramid, a ponzi or a recruitment scheme.”
Surely you might give at least A FEW examples? I would be particularly interested to see ANY Onecoin information which they have presented which you (or OC) is able to refute? I would assume that OC affiliates could certainly point to one or more of such reference sources.
The first article (*Behind MLM) wrote on Onecoin in late 2014 has well over 1,200 comments on it now. Behind MLM has written about Onecoin discrepancies DOZENS of times. With sooooo many accusations, you should have no problem finding a few “lies” or “false conclusions.” I challenge you to list just one or two.
2.) you also state that, “….A number of companies want to sue BehindMLM.” “Want to sue” and “have sued” or “have attempted to sue,” are an entirely different claim. A lawsuit can only be realized if there is proven defamation via misdirected slander and/ or libel.
3.) IF Onecoin were so concerned about negative media pressure from Behind MLM, Cointelegraph (the  crypto and ‘alt-coin’ media source in the world) and so many others, why are they purposefully trying to deceive and make such scrutiny so easy?
PLETHERA OF BAD EXAMPLES, *BAD ACTING (&amp; history since inception):
“Better than bitcoin” – yet zero utility, no evidence of the technology behind it, whatsoever. *Like, “We will be the next Google!” – sheer words with no substance, by themselves.
Nigel Allan – first CEO, known ponzi criminal (so infamous Ruja had to get rid of him in Jan. last yr)
Sebastian Greenwood – Unaico, Site Talk, and other ponzi involvement
“Forbes Bulgaria cover and article” – LIE, Paid Advert, only distribution to select OC affiliates
“Financial IT cover and article (quarterly)” – LIE, Paid Advert, only distribution to select OC affiliates
“OneWorld &amp; SEVA Canada Partnership (for Blind Kids)” – I investigated and disproved it, MYSELF. *No affiliation w/ SEVA
“Ruja is buying a number of banks” – totally false
ACTUALLY, how many banks have they gone through in the past 8 months!?!?
“We sell educational material” – plagiarised, out-of-date, available for cheap or free online. *Occam’s Razor would suggest that, 10 to 1, what they are promoting are their ponzi points, not their education material.
AND NO MATERIAL FOR MOST RECENT BIGGEST PACKAGES (*but will take money)
“BLOCKCHAIN” – see definition of blockchain. OC script runs on only a very few computers. *A blockchain is a large distributed network running such algorithmic proof of work, etc.
“MINING” – see definition of mining. It does not mean what you think this means. Onecoin can be created with little more technical savy than running a calculator.
OC “VALUE” – see definition of “market price” (as opposed to closed loop system where “value is dictated”) NOTE: Ruja and offical OC slideshow state, “value is based on mining difficulty” – SMH!
“KYC” – does NOT take 60 days in ANY industry, including banking (it’s a trap).
“KYC(2)” – Ruja said OC can help the unbanked. KYC absolutely destroys this argument.
Multiple Governments warnings stating OC is suspected of being a ponzi, pyramid scheme (Finland, Estonia, Nederlands).
“Closed Source” – totally manipulable, unaccountable, non-secure, non-transparent (but “transparency” lie is pushed by Ruja).
“we have the best developers” – but we won’t even name them or talk about the code.
2.1 Billion coins – but enters the market at $1.05 on day  (lol). It took bitcoin 2 yrs to get to 10 cents.
“I CAN’T WITHDRAW FUNDS” – posted all over OC FB pages faster than they can be taken down.
“15 day site ‘maintenance'” – name ONE website in the world that closes for two weeks – especially with the type of money OC is allegedly bringing in.
“Crypto-Queen” – “I have consulted many cryptocurrency companies” – name one? *Also: claims in an interview to have been following bitcoin since 2009/ 2010, but has difficulty talking about cryptocurrency in any meaningful way (she only knows very minimal, obviously)
“Author of book on cryptocurrency (in Chinese)” – IMPOSSIBLE to find any reference to online
“MasterCard suspension” – Holding Bank Zala-Group LTD, Director, Martin Henry Beckett arrested on major drug charges this week.
“Dr. Ruja history” – for such an “accomplished woman,” why is it that little to no evidence is available from 3rd party sources to back up even half of her credentials???
“150,000 to 500,000 merchant vendors claim” – HOW ON EARTH!?!?
“…introduce to Open Market when we hit (30%/ 50%/ forever pushed back) mined” – see GLC disintegration when they did that.
C’mon! Who are you going to believe? Some tax-sheltered, regulation protected location, demonstrably shell related company who has issued provably out-right lies and clear deception about their accomplishments in order to bring in new recruits (to pay the old)?
….Or diligent blogger AND OTHER investigative media sources WHO ACTUALLY LIST AND SHOW ALL THEIR SOURCING AND REFERENCES?
@_date: 2016-03-25 02:03:33
The following site has been following Onecon since inception in Sept. 2014 and have a few dozen articles on it as new revelations have been exposed:
 
Anyone actually involved in the crypto-community can listen to Ruja or ANY of the Onecon Decepticons and immediately recognize that they know NOTHING about how a cryptocurrency works and operates. It is simply and painfully obvious.
One of the biggest jokes is that Ruja calls herself “The Crypto Queen” (in some instances stating that she started following bitcoin in 2010; while in other interviews she states 2009 [note, to have participated in bitcoin in late 2009/ early 2010 you would have needed to be a very advanced computer geek, and you would know and likely be friends with MANY of the prominent players in this space – it has only gotten easier for common folks more recently]).
I THOUGHT THIS INFORMATION AND QUOTES WOULD BE INTERESTING:
Earlier today Ruja spoke at the “Live Onecoin State of the Nation Address (what is she, POTUS now?),” she made several more bombastic claims:
Ruja: “I am probably the most passionate person out there about cryptocurrency”
Just LOL – She cannot even string together two sentences about crypto which don’t come out awkward or outright wrong!
Ruja ( mark): “We are at 1.7 million members now ….I really believe that in 3 years we will be at 10 million miners. I hope at this time the coin to be at 50-100 Euros…”
Ruja ( mark)”You know the more miners mining the coin, the higher the mining difficulty – and the higher the price of the coin….. increasing the price of the packages is actually something that makes the growth of the price of the coin a bit slower and not that steep. Because, what happens is, you will receive from the 1st of April the same amount of tokens for a higher price. So, the tokens, actually, grow in price. And we measure the mining difficulty of the coin in tokens. We want to make sure that the coin price does not grow too fast and we don’t create a hype or a bubble or too much (unintelligible word) about the coin.”
This is just crazy talk! and has no basis in technological reality.
ALSO: She is now quoted referring to investments, not “educational packages,” which means their CEO is now on-record as selling unlicensed securities.
Ruja (7:37 mark): “You know, the first miners in bitcoin got the best deal …(some on this webinar were early) and were mining the coins for 4 tokens per coin. Currently the mining difficulty is over 50 tokens. So, this is a very very clear opportunity that the earlier you join its a first-come, first-serve. The earlier you join, the better difficulty, the better price, you receive. And it is the same with the package price (states that package prices will be revised every three months) …the earlier you join Onecoin, the earlier you start the mining, the better for you. Because the more minors, and you see them every day, joining because we really have a good product out there. The story of Onecoin is very compelling, very powerful, very plausible….”
I’m just blown away by her arrogance and the ignorance she perpetuates and how she is trying to cast another 3 years onto this scam to make naive people feel like they still “got in early!”
BUT THIS IS PERHAPS THE MOST TELLING:
Ruja (@ 12:05 mark): “I would also like to tell you one thing: Please, take as use (sic?) and take as given only what is published on the official website …please take as genuine information only what we show you on the website. Only this is trustworthy information. We are 1.7 million people, there are always rumours, there are always stories ….please take only information that we give you …if you have doubts about information, contact Support before spreading it and doing damage to the brand and damage to the coin.”
This is not a scam ***promise. Believe us. PLEEEASE!
Ruja ( mark): “I’m not afraid of competitors, I’ve seen this very very often. …we have such a powerful network that, of course people will stay in our network and not join a second coin or 2 coin, 3 coin, 4 coin. Why? It is like Facebook. If you have all your friends on Faceboook ….this is why you stay with FB and don’t join another network… and this is what we’re doing”
^^^BLATANT “AVOID LEARNING ABOUT OTHER CRYPTO-CURRENCIES” ATTEMPT
SOURCE PROOF: 
I think this information speaks for itself.
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:51:22
 - nearly $1 Billion has been invested now into the tech side. You must give a plant good soil and water to grow.  - thanks
@_date: 2015-05-01 09:12:33
@ Grackinn - hahaha :)
Well, we certainly appreciate "ambassadors."
We have not even considered IPO or anything this early on.
We would like to build a network that has several 10K's of machines around the world, at least: Africa, India, Mexico, South America, Puerto Rico &amp; Dominican Republic, ......etc. These are some of the remittance markets that need it, and some of the areas who "will be raising the flag" for new technologies; those which we are very careful not to necessarily spell out, within the enterprise level markets for which we are deploying. Hopefully that made sense to your "core."
@_date: 2016-03-25 02:08:02
Here is another great source of investigation on this scam: 
@_date: 2016-03-26 19:13:59
SURE, if you can maintain a clear conscience knowing that 1,000's (or more) ppl will lose 100% of their investment at the tail end of this ponzi.
BTW: Onecoin launched in September, 2014 (ie., 1.5 yrs), and I believe went live around January 2015. 
@_date: 2016-06-17 22:23:13
no. Onecoin is NOT tradeable on ANY exchange, whatsoever, except a scam exchange called xcoinx which is owned by Onecoin, which is plagiarized from coinmarketcap and BitStamp, and which has been "coming soon" for 14 months now.
ALSO, which shows Onecoin (aka: Dumbcoin) with a market cap exceeding Ethereum
@_date: 2016-11-23 08:24:19
List of all bank accounts they've had SHUT DOWN:
1.) DSK Bank (Sofia Bulgaria) as One Network Services, Ltd. – this was their first bank (active through October 2015)
2.) Mashreq Bank - Address: Injaz Building  3rd Floor, Dubai Outsource Zone, Manama Street, UAE Dubai, United Arab Emirates, as: One Coin Ltd. End Date: 9 September 2015
3.) NOOR Bank in Dubai – as One Coin Ltd – dates unknown (2015?) (LASTED ONLY WEEKS?)
4.) JSC Capital Bank in Georgia (the country) as One Payments Ltd. – opened Nov., ‘15/ Closed Dec. ‘15 (LASTED 1 MONTH)
5.) TD Bank (Canadian bank subsidiary based out the US [FL]) as One EUX LLC – opened Dec. 03, ‘15/ Closed Feb. ‘16 Toronto Dominion Bank in Canada – as One EUX, LLC. – dates unknown (Same as TD above?) (LASTED 2 MONTHS)
6.) LLOYDS TSB BANK PLC (U.K.) – Early March to Early April 2016 (LASTED 1 MONTH)
7.) Onecoin Affiliates, including Tommi Viourinen, fraudulently claim that Onecoin purchased Hermes Bank in St. Lucia (Oct. 13, 2015) (NEVER EVEN HAPPENED!)
8.) (BANKS?) Onecoin U.S. Rep. Sal Leto quotes Ruja stating that Onecoin is buying a US Bank and QUOTE: “(OneCoin) has acquired a hundred and eighty banking licenses, to legally own their own banks, their own branch and their own office, inside all one hundred and eighty countries that we operate in.” – Sept. 2015 (NEVER EVEN HAPPENED!)
9.) United Overseas Bank Ltd in Singapore – opened as International Marketing Services Pte. Ltd. on June 2016, closed Nov. 4th, 2016 (LASTED LESS THAN 5 MONTHS)
10.) Onecoin Pre-Paid Mastercard Merchant Processor – The issuing merchant is identified as Zala-Group LTD, a “client” of North International Bank (Note: The card was suspended after the Director of Zala-Group Ltd., Martin Henry Beckett, was convicted in being part of a 24 million EURO drug smuggling operation in March 2016) (LASTED 2 MONTHS?)
11.) Bank of Africa (T) Ltd. – as IMS Marketing Tanzania Ltd. (International Marketing Services Pte. Ltd.) – opened April 16, 2016 FINAL ACCOUNT STILL ...ANNND IT'S GONE!
12.) China UnionPay (Merchant Processor) Opened late 2014 / closed April 31, 2016
13.) New China UnionPay Intl. – Merchant Processor card approved – as One Net UPI (May 10, 2016).
NOTE: Labine and other Onecoin affiliates go on record contending that, “We can now purchase goods and services using Onecoin!” However, China UnionPay Intl. issued a STATEMENT contesting this claim as being “inconsistent with facts.”
14.) HSBC Bank Building (Dubai), Al Suq Road, Bur Dubai – Dubai -United (opened july 2016/ closed on date:??) Active with daily withdrawals and 4 credit lines available. (COUPLE MONTHS?)
all of these are directly connected to a top spokesman in Onecoin (Frank Rickets, I believe). Described as “brokering consult billing for account opening in trading precious metals with Forex platform and integration possibility in OneForex activities.” (closed[?] Sept. 2016) (LASTED JUST 2 MONTHS)
15.) DBS Bank in Singapore – as International Marketing Services Pte. Ltd (unclear if this is part of  or not)
16.) Kreissparkasse Steinfurt Bank Germany (opened 2015 / closed March 25, 2016) (1 YEAR)
17.) Commerzbank AG (Germany’s 2nd largest bank) Opened March ‘16/ closed June 07, ‘16 (LASTED LESS THAN 4 MONTHS)
18.) Deutsche Bank (Germany’s Largest bank) – as IMS International Marketing Services GmBH (a shell company OneCoin acquired when they purchased OPN Network’s affiliate-base).
NOTE: IMS (International Marketing Services) was a company owned by Frank Ricketts. Frank Ricketts who is now the CEO of OPN [formerly Unaico scam] and SiteTalk [social media side of both]) – opened June 09, 2016 / closed almost immediately after Germany announced they were conducting an investigation into OneCoin. By August 19th, ‘16, they were no longer with Deutsche Bank (LASTED JUST 2 MONTHS)
19.) Banca Monte Dei Paschi Di Siena (Italian Bank) – as Educamax Services SRL Opened Sept. 20/16, closed Sept. 21/16 (ie., within 24 hr!) (LASTED LESS THAN 24 HOURS!!!!!!!!!)
20.) China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited, under the shell company “Foshan Everbright Import &amp; Export Company Limited”. Opened around Oct. 4th, 2016, closed Oct. 19th, 2016 (LASTED 2 WEEKS)
21.) (New) United Overseas Bank Ltd in Singapore - this account is held under the shell company Vernada Trading Pte Ltd. - opened around October 30th, 2016 CLOSED ON NOV. 10TH
BREAKING NEWS!
OneCoin’s China UnionPay cards disabled, public exchange denied : 
@_date: 2016-11-03 05:55:20
Actually they aren't both blockchain based technologies. Have you seen a OneCoin blockchain or have you just heard them "say" they have one? Hint: THEY LIE ABOUT ALMOST EVERYTHING: fake magazine covers and advertorials, a fake exchange, invented pricing, fraudulent resumes, 200+ IQ claims, fake "Business Woman of the Year" 2 years, fake claims of PhD (Oxford gives no such title in law), claims that no one can afford bitcoin because the price is "to high already," .....see more in the made for Hollywood movie, I'm sure.
But yeah. No blockchain.
@_date: 2016-11-02 03:11:33
Yes! Ruja Ignatova was convicted on 24 counts of FRAUD with her father Plamen Ignatov (in March of this year) for falsely bankrupting the metal casting plant, Waltenhofen Gusswerks. The conviction included multiple counts of EMBEZZLING MONEY FROM HER OWN EMPLOYEES AND SUPPLIERS, fraudulent accounting practices, bank fraud (loan fraud/ misappropriation of funds), theft of equipment (they gutted the warehouse and stole heavy machinery). She is still on probation for this. She plead "guilty as charged" with her own lips. She also falsely told the court that she was living in Dubai in a fixed income of 3500€ per month while somehow purchasing literally $20 million worth of property the following month in Sofia.
This woman is town through and through, but even so, she is just a puppet for the Russian and Bulgarian crime families which helped find the mastermind scam. 
There are nearly 20 sell companies set up underneath or attached to OneCon. One of those companies is 50% owned by a well known and GIANT cocaine trafficking kingpin. 
There will surely be a Hollywood documentary made about this at some point. The truth is crazier than fiction! There will be massive financial devastation and there will be more suicides as a result of this scam than any other on recent history. Mark my words.
@_date: 2016-11-03 06:04:57
Sounds like them. They've just lost another bank today (Singapore UOB) bringing the total to nearly 20 bank closures in just 25 months!! This is approximately the amount of shell companies they have also created for this and other criminal purposes. Money laundering anyone? 
Victims are going to be so screwed!
Can you provide the original link or something sourcing it from the company ie., proof).  
I need it as documented evidence.
@_date: 2016-11-03 15:21:00
I'm guessing because people are realizing that this is literally 10x the size of Mt. Gox, but this time EVERYONE can see the outcome. 
Risk mitigation. Damage control. If the entire crypto community is talking about it, warning others, and clearly separating ourselves from this fucking scam, than if the media or law makers try to pull some bullshit by associating bitcoin and actual cryptocurrencies with this, WHICH THEY WILL, than we can be very clear on correcting that SWIFTLY. 
This is about protecting and separating the general public's perception of bitcoin/ crypto with common scams as best we can.
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:07:14
Their most recent TOS does not allow the sale or transfer of tokens or coins to anyone outside your upline/ downline without worn consent of the company, and good luck with that.
Note: 
 Tried to open up a secondary public market too help sellers who realized it was a scam and suckers who refused to believe despite even the name of the website. Lol. I believe that change in TOS may have been sparked by that as most packages/ "coins" were bring listed at around half price or less.
@_date: 2016-11-02 01:32:28
Yes. In cryptocurrency YOU are supposed to hold your money (via access to your own "private keys"), with OneCoin, you don't even hold them (technically, they don't exist because there is no blockchain, but that's another story). 
The Finnish Docu it's brand new and does a good job in covering a few particulars which would otherwise require an entire season series of 2 hour specials. The scope of this scheme your pops fell into is the biggest in recent history. YLE is modeled after BBC and its a commercial free Publicly Funded. No reason for it to be biased.
Ruja just had a baby via a surrogate mother (someone else's womb) which gives her an underage dependent; making extradition difficult in d some countries. This is very well planned scamming although there are glaring holes in logic also.
@_date: 2016-11-02 03:40:27
Email me and I'll send you a dozen independent news sources who covered or mention it!
But, sadly and truthfully, even with that evidence, from mine and other people fighting this experiences, you still only have about a 10% chance of removing the spell on him (so to speak).
If his "200+ IQ" leader, Ruja the  Ignatova announced that over the weekend Juha picked her up in a rocket ship and they went to the moon and sampled a green cheese platter, most of the victims would simply ask how it tasted.
In other words, you really need to go to the authorities if you don't want him to sink every lady penny he owns into this. Seriously. There are MANY victims who have literally mortgaged their homes for this "get rich quick" false "opportunity."
It really is that terrible.
@_date: 2016-12-15 15:41:45
I've been studying and investigating the OneCon (AKA:  / OneLie Network) scam for quite a long time now. On December 1st the most brilliant single sourced, independent and neutral 3rd party ((this is important because it was not work by a "blogger who gets paid to fabricate and sensationalized stories" or a "hater Bitcoiner who is just scared and jealous that OneCoin is taking over) ...Research Paper on the subject was dropped by an Islamic house of Muslim clerics and scholars. The Muftis took incredible care in both the presentation of this Research Paper, as well as in making sure that EVERY SINGLE BULLET-POINT And claim was backed up via original source material.
The result of their work is a concise, albeit multi-page report whose layout is very quick and easy to follow (despite it being 18 pages with every bullet point exposing flaws and lies of the company) but which also contains some 245 footnotes(!!!)
Additionally, please spread this report.
IF ANYONE HAS MAINSTREAM MEDIA CONNECTIONS TO DISSEMINATE THIS REPORT AND MUCH, MUCH MORE, PLEASE FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER AND PM ME: TimTayshun 
@_date: 2016-11-01 21:46:52
There are two accounts: 1.) cash account 2.) mandatory account
Cash account (60%) should IMMEDIATELY be liquidated!! That will cost 30€ to do. Don't hesitate! It will otherwise soon freeze in time as numbers on a screen. Nothing more nothing less.
Mandatory account (40%) can only be used to but fake things anyway. That's why it's mandatory, so consider that money gone.
Token/ Coin balance
This is all worthless ponzi points which give the illusion of value.
In theory, Victims are "allowed to sell" up to 1.5% of their coins daily in their closed system, with the maximum of 40 coins if you willingly have the criminals 5500€ for a Tycoon Package (much lower amounts the less they were able to extort), but no coins sell. Not at 7.00€. Not at 2€. Not when 50,000 new fake coins are minted every minute. Who's gonna buy? Lol.
You need to file a formal complaint with both local authorities (and name the names of the people in his upline who illegally sold him the package, if U.S. citizens), and the SEC.
@_date: 2016-11-27 08:23:46
Yeah. Let's see how the courts look at that one. The prosecuting attorneys have a TON of evidence, apparently. Grab some popcorn. Laurent is looking at 3 years minimum. 
And just too be clear, COMPANIES can't just mint a currency and sell it for real and actual money. Governments might find thatthere's a bit of conflict of interest there? 72,000,000 coins daily art am INVENTED INTERNAL PRICE of €7.85 = over a billion dollars every 43 hours. Yeah. I don't think so.
Ps. CENTRALIZED = "single point of failure" (ie., fraud is easier [in Onecoin's case is obvious], and it can have the plug "pulled" at any time whatsoever, AND IT WILL [and "poof" it's gone]).
Pss. There is no blockchain. Nine. Zero.zilch.
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:08:18
He wired the money to a bank on the other side of the world is what he did. No recourse for that.
@_date: 2016-11-01 21:09:36
I'm pretty much considered the foremost expert on this scam, having been investigating and combating it for the past year and a half, at least. I wrote the fifteen page investigative report linked above on bitcoin.com. That was only part one. I'm working on part 2, which is all new shit, but needs to be condensed as its already like 20 pages and I need it too be half of that, but those scammers just keep producing more fraud like you wouldn't believe!!!
Anyway, I can seems you what I've gathered to be THE MOST convincing info that it's a scam.or maybe even give me your dad's number and I'll call him anonymously (if he's been in this for anytime I guarantee he already knows who I am, as I'm pretty well hated by all OneCULT members). And by the way, it IS a cult and in Germany (or Belgium, I forget) it's literally being investigated as such.
It's also 100% ILLEGAL in the USA, breaking not one, but TWO Laws:
1.)it is illegal for an MLM or its members to operate/ sell on U.S. soil unless the company is registered to do so
2.)it is an SEC violation for an unlicensed individual to sell (licensed or unlicensed) securities, which is exactly what he is doing.
There are half a dozen countries who have issued official warnings against OneCoin and another half dozen countries who ARE NOW ACTIVELY PURSUING CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS AGAINST ONECOIN!
Unfortunately, the OneCULT Team Leaders in his upline ALL dismiss any negative news and put soon on it! When a new investigation opens they say, "that gives me more confidence because we are the fastest growing company in the world and no one has been arrested" - and by the way, none of that is true and there have been arrests, in fact!
Email me at: Timo  and I'll see if I can help at least not get your dad in trouble, because I'm very confident that the SEC and the FBI are fully aware of what's going on too, just not formally announcing it, but are building an international Task Force. And when this either collapses or is taken down, one or the other WILL happen soon, the Feds are going to sell yup set an example of this scam, as literally dozens of others have since arisen, and "clawbacks" (financial restitution from any "winners" to any of their victims) are going to be a bitch, and I believe will be of a scope that will set new precedence!!!
@_date: 2016-11-01 23:45:38
Perhaps you can show him this:
Being that Law Enforcement and Authorities around the globe are paying close attention and following Behind MLM, Reddit and many other forums, bulletins and sources now, here is the totality of the banking information I have painstakingly put together on ALL the KNOWN banking relationships, merchant service providers, or other claims (real or false) having to do with Onecoin’s history of Theft and Money Laundering:
1.) DSK Bank (Sofia Bulgaria) as One Network Services, Ltd. – this was their first bank (active through October 2015)
2.) NOOR Bank in Dubai – as One Coin Ltd – dates unknown (2015?)
3.) JSC Capital Bank in Georgia (the country) as One Payments Ltd. – opened Nov., ‘15/ Closed Dec. ‘15
4.) TD Bank (Canadian bank subsidiary based out the US [FL]) as One EUX LLC – opened Dec. 03, ‘15/ Closed Feb. ‘16
Toronto Dominion Bank in Canada – as One EUX, LLC. – dates unknown (Same as TD above?)
5.) LLOYDS TSB BANK PLC (U.K.) – dates unknown
6.) Onecoin Affiliates fraudulently claim that Onecoin purchased Hermes Bank in St. Lucia (Oct. 13, 2015)
7.) (BANKS?) Onecoin U.S. Rep. Sal Leto quotes Ruja stating that Onecoin is buying a US Bank and QUOTE: “(OneCoin) has acquired a hundred and eighty banking licenses, to legally own their own banks, their own branch and their own office, inside all one hundred and eighty countries that we operate in.” – Sept. 2015
1 OF 2 STILL ACTIVE:
8.) United Overseas Bank Ltd in Singapore – opened June 2016 (still active) as International Marketing Services Pte. Ltd.
9.) Onecoin Pre-Paid Mastercard Merchant Processor – The issuing merchant is identified as Zala-Group LTD, a “client” of North International Bank (Note: The card was suspended after the Director of Zala-Group Ltd., Martin Henry Beckett, was convicted in being part of a 24 million EURO drug smuggling operation in March 2016)
2 OF 2 STILL ACTIVE:
10.) Bank of Africa (T) Ltd. – as IMS Marketing Tanzania Ltd. (International Marketing Services Pte. Ltd.) – opened April 16, 2016)
11.) China UnionPay (Merchant Processor) Opened late 2014 / closed April 31, 2016
12.) New China UnionPay Intl. – Merchant Processor card approved – as One Net UPI (May 10, 2016).
Ken Labine and other Onecoin affiliates go on record contending that, “We can now purchase goods and services using Onecoin!” However, China UnionPay Intl. issued a STATEMENT contesting this claim as being “inconsistent with facts.”
13.) HSBC Bank Building (Dubai), Al Suq Road, Bur Dubai – Dubai -United (opened july 2016) Active with daily withdrawals and 4 credit lines available.
all of these are directly connected to a top spokesman in Onecoin (Frank Rickets, I believe). Described as “brokering consult billing for account opening in trading precious metals with Forex platform and integration possibility in OneForex activities.” (closed[?] Sept. 2016)
14.) DBS Bank in Singapore – as International Marketing Services Pte. Ltd (unclear if this is part of  or not)
15.) Kreissparkasse Steinfurt Bank Germany (opened 2015 / closed March 25, 2016)
16.) Commerzbank AG (Germany’s 2nd largest bank) Opened March ‘16/ closed June 07, ‘16
17.) Deutsche Bank (Germany’s Largest bank) – as IMS International Marketing Services GmBH (a shell company OneCoin acquired when they purchased OPN Network’s affiliate-base).
NOTE: IMS (International Marketing Services) was a company owned by Frank Ricketts. Frank Ricketts who is now the CEO of OPN [formerly Unaico scam] and SiteTalk [social media side of both]) – opened June 09, 2016 / closed almost immediately after Germany announced they were conducting an investigation into OneCoin. By August 19th, ‘16, they were no longer with Deutsche Bank
18.) Banca Monte Dei Paschi Di Siena (Italian Bank) – as Educamax Services SRL Opened Sept. 20/16, closed Sept. 21/16 (ie., within 24 hr!)
19.) China Construction Bank (Asia) Corporation Limited, under the shell company “Foshan Everbright Import &amp; Export Company Limited”. Opened around Oct. 4th, 2016, closed Oct. 19th, 2016
….And there we have it!
One excuse the scammers (Team Leaders) say they switch banks is because the banks can't handle the volume of money. But remember, banks are in the biz to make money too, and they tend to welcome huge companies with open arms. Apple is now doing $100MM a day in sales and they don't have to change banks like diapers.
Nov 1st, 2016 at 5:51 am  (Q)
 you can add  to the list of Bank Accounts, or in fact  if we look at the sequence.
Name: One Coin Ltd.
IBAN: AE550330000019100084477 (EUR)
BIC: BOMLAEAD
Bank: Mashreq Bank
Address: Injaz Building  3rd Floor, Dubai Outsource Zone, Manama Street, UAE Dubai, United Arab Emirates
End Date: 9 September 2015
Sources: realscam.com/f9/onecoin-eu-ponzi-scam-3368/
Post 9 June 2015: Facebook Henrique Coaching Mmn facebook.com/321270608078575/photos/a.321270648078571.1073741826.321270608078575/369464943259141
Post 5 November 2015: behindmlm.com/mlm/regulation/finlands-nbi-to-continue-monitoring-onecoin/
This is the predecessor of  in your list the NOOR BANK account, because all announcements of NOOR BANK contain this text “We no longer accept payments in Mashreq bank account”.
(And as you can see exposing them and making it easier for law enforcement and authorities to use or efforts too move more quickly is a wide team effort)
@_date: 2016-12-02 09:38:31
 - RE: "Any reactions from muslim affilates yet.
i mean how will they act upon this. stop promoting? close accounts? remit their money back to Ruja? and so on.. How and will they really?"
None yet, but I will carpet bomb tonight on FB. I received this only moments before posting it here. I really hope it goes viral. I don't see how Labile or anyone else can possibly spin this one, as a whole (though I'd be surprised if they didn't try). 
We do know that Onecoin has been promoted &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;heavily&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/i&gt; in the Muslim community over the past 6 months, with a pseudo-Sharia Compliance granted (this was specifically for "Coin[un]Safe" only), The Islamic Channel coverage, semi-celebrity Yusef Chambers promoting, as well as the many new Diamonds and Rubies we've seen from Pakistan and thereabouts with dubious "Dr." Titles in their names.
From my personal interactions with Onecoinists at all levels, I'd say the majority are victims. Maybe 90-95%. Although the higher up the pecking order you go, the less likely they are to not be scamming, of course. Nevertheless, there are many recently defecting and who have stopped promoting something they don't believe in. Any frequent reader of Oz' blog knows more than 95% about the company than OC'ers. Most victims are already groomed to distrust such responsible and credible sources anyway, so would go here only as a last resort; unfortunately. 
So, if I understand how MLM works by now, I will ("we can") use the "pyramid of information dispersal" to instill the appropriate FUD which is warranted, and people, by nature, will want (I assume) to be the first to spread it like wildfire; particularly if they were on the fence, to start an uprising!
(okay, I'm waaaay too optimistic, but this is a mission I [we] can adopt)
There is not much mincing of words in this Research Paper. Look at the powerful verbiage asserted for the CONCLUSION (Summary) of each subject/ category:
I. "Conclusion: from the above, &lt;b&gt;it is clear that there is a pattern of misinformation and deception from the company to give itself an air of respectability and credibility.&lt;/b&gt; There is also evidence of behaviour not expected of a reputable company. True respectability is earned by building a good reputation, especially               from​ independent sources, not by paying for ads in magazines/events." 
II. "Conclusion: the history of the founders/leaders is extremely concerning. While a criminal past is not necessarily indicative of future behaviour, yet&lt;b&gt; when the latest scheme is based off a previous scam, we can only conclude that this is more of the same.&lt;/b&gt;"
III. "Conclusion: the sheer number of investigations and warnings for fraudulent activities across so many countries is huge cause for concern. Many investigations are ongoing while &lt;b&gt;some have already reached the conclusion that it is a pyramid scheme.&lt;/b&gt;"
IV. "Conclusion: there are many negative articles in the media across numerous countries which is not a good sign. One or two articles could be forgiven for being isolated examples of bad behaviour by staff, but &lt;b&gt;when all the articles paint the entire OneCoin scheme in a negative light, it does not bode well for the                     legitimacy of OneCoin.&lt;/b&gt;"
V. "Conclusion: &lt;b&gt;the large number of bank closures in a short period of time without notice strongly suggests falling foul of money laundering regulations. Additionally, the use of multiple shell companies to avoid detection is seriously problematic.&lt;/b&gt; Furthermore, the complete shut down of all bank accounts and paying distributors/ recruiters directly for packages should set alarm bells ringing." 
VI. "Conclusion: &lt;b&gt;the economic claims do not reflect reality.&lt;/b&gt; In the tablet example, OneCoins are valued far below the “official” value. Increasing supply and flooding the market with coins should cause hyperinflation and drastically reduce the value. To maintain the value defies all known economic rules, &lt;b&gt;therefore the alleged value of OneCoin is not based on supply and demand and is not real.&lt;/b&gt;
VII. "Conclusion: the heavily overpriced educational packages are not worth the price and seem to be included to avoid legislation. This means recruits are being misled about the value of the product."
VIII. &lt;b&gt;&lt;big&gt;"Conclusion: there’s no blockchain. Without a blockchain, there’s no cryptocurrency"&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/big&gt;
IX. "Conclusion: it is &lt;b&gt;not possible to find a single, reputable, independent expert in cryptocurrency who endorses and is willing to testify on behalf of OneCoin.&lt;/b&gt; On the other hand, experts(who have heard of OneCoin) are unanimous in declaring it as a &lt;b&gt;Ponzi/ pyramid scheme &lt;/b&gt;and&lt;b&gt; not a cryptocurrency.&lt;/b&gt; This is significant as it conclusively proves that OneCoin is a &lt;b&gt;fraudulent scheme.
&lt;b&gt;Summary of findings:&lt;/b&gt;
The above research has demonstrated &lt;b&gt;an ​astonishing level of fraud and deception, broken promises, hidden lies, the founders’/ leaders’ bad history, bad behaviour, incompetence, economic untruths and evidence that OneCoin is NOT a real cryptocurrency​.&lt;/b&gt;
TT NOTES: C'mon guys? I'd say that's pretty damn POWERFUL!
@_date: 2016-12-02 09:38:03
@_date: 2016-11-02 03:43:44
See this article and particularly read the comments for additional sporting information:
@_date: 2016-12-15 15:43:12
I've been studying and investigating the OneCon (AKA:  / OneLie Network) scam for quite a long time now. On December 1st the most brilliant single sourced, independent and neutral 3rd party ((this is important because it was not work by a "blogger who gets paid to fabricate and sensationalized stories" or a "hater Bitcoiner who is just scared and jealous that OneCoin is taking over) ...Research Paper on the subject was dropped by an Islamic house of Muslim clerics and scholars. The Muftis took incredible care in both the presentation of this RESEARCH PAPER, as well as in making sure that EVERY SINGLE BULLET-POINT And claim was backed up via original source material.
The result of their work is a concise, albeit multi-page report whose layout is very quick and easy to follow (despite it being 18 pages with every bullet point exposing flaws and lies of the company) but which also contains some 245 footnotes(!!!)
Additionally, please spread this report.
IF ANYONE HAS MAINSTREAM MEDIA CONNECTIONS TO DISSEMINATE THIS REPORT AND MUCH, MUCH MORE, PLEASE FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER AND PM ME: TimTayshun 
@_date: 2016-11-01 21:51:07
Myself and several Truth Representatives fighting this scheme began putting together a HALL OF SHAME of top OneCULT Team Schemers like Ken Labine, Joby Boughey, the eurotrash leaders, and Tom McMurrain, of course, as well as Grant Cardone TV. Last night I began to put together an analysis on McMurrain’s “We’re not a Ponzi” bullshit videos. It’s not 100% complete, but here it is:
Tom McMurrain, is a KNOWN PATHOLOGICAL LIAR and CONNIVING FELON who was CONVICTED OF ROBBERY in the form of FINANCIAL PONZI FRAUD and sentenced in U.S. COURT to serve over 5 1/2 YEARS in PRISON for guess what??? …..FOR RUNNING A PONZI SCAM and running off with everyone’s money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THOMAS E. MCMURRAIN WAS ALSO ORDERED TO PAY BACK $7.5 MILLION DOLLARS(!!!!) IN RESTITUTION TO HIS VICTIMS!!!!!!!!
BUT, THERE’S MORE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
To summarize Tom McMurrain’s… achievements:
1997-2000 Emergency One Loan, collateral high interest loan to desperate people that’s really a $9 million dollar ponzi scheme, escaped to Panama when the scheme collapsed
2000-2004 San Cristobal Land Development in Panama, a supposed teak and noni plantation investment opportunity, tried to silence local media reporting about it with criminal libel suits, arrested and extradited to the US at FBI orders to face charges for his Emergency One ponzi scheme
2005-2010 Spent 68 months in prison for PONZI FELONY FRAUD
2010-2012? “Gold member” in TVI Express pyramid scheme, actively recruited until it went bust
2012-2012 Participated in ZeekRewards ponzi scheme, registered domain name and website for it
2012-2015 Solavei rep, toured country in promotion until Solavei went kaput in 2015.
2014-???? Promoter of FlexKom, a suspect scheme (Report from UK, Report from Turkey)
2015-COLLAPSE Promoter of Onecoin, A WELL KNOWN Ponzi scheme out of Bulgaria
So, either Tom McMurrain is the most inept and unlucky business person in existence… being participants or instigators of at least SEVEN scams or failed ventures since 1997…
(Thanks to K. Chang for the above)
HERE IS THE COURT EVIDENCE!
McMurrain is a compulsive LIAR and career CON-ARTIST who will be going back to prison very soon (or fleeing the country AGAIN as a wanted man)!
BREAKING DOWN MCMURRRAIN’S LIES:
1.) McMurrain claims that what Onecoin is selling is “Education Packages.” He says that OC is NOT a Ponzi because it does NOT require new money to pay off existing investors:
FALSE! (it’s commission based) and has a pyramid structure with enormous packages that do not even detail or justify any alleged “education” attached. Simply put, if no new money comes in, no one gets paid, and the scam collapses. The end.
Exhibit A: Carl Wilt at OC presentation in Florida:
PYRAMID IMAGE: behindmlm.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/carl-wilt-promoting-onecoin-florida-us-july-2016.jpg
Exhibit B: Same Event (true comparisson):
IMAGE: i.imgur.com/u4xfSNh.png
Exhibit C: Video Footage from that Event talking about how onecoin is AN INVESTMENT everything focuses around the “Tokens” with little to nothing on this so-called “Education.”
In fact it is clear to see that the ponzi pimps leading this Onecoin meeting must not have paid any attention to, or even read the “education,” themselves. They actually talk about “getting creative” with old people’s IRA’s”:
VIDEO: youtube.com/watch?v=BeyrR2JGLUs
2.) McMurrain says that the price is based on supply and demand and that the company does NOT “create the price” –
here is Ed Ludbrook stating otherwise!
VIDEO: youtube.com/watch?v=1wLNU8C-2-E
3.) McMurrain states that Onecoin does NOT offer “interest” payments. Oh really!?!
Official Onecoin Newsletter email received on: Monday January 11, 2016 states:
In the beginning of 2016 OneCoin is about to launch the best ever interest earning program! The more you save, the more you make!
Decide how much interest you want, minimum 10% interest is in your hands. It’s up to you but the earlier your move, the better!
CoinSafe lets you benefit from saving coins and earning interest of up to 13% in coins per annum. The rising value of the coin and earning interest will give you the full potential of the income opportunity
SOURCE: 
4.) McMurrain says that a cryptocurrency and Onecoin has a “fixed” and “finite supply” which can never be changed.
HERE is Ruja ignatova, herself, saying the same thing, BUT SAYING THAT ONECOIN’S FIXED AND FINITE SUPPLY IS EXACTLY 2.1 BILLION COINS!!!
Ruja herself understood that there are at least SOME “rules” of cryptocurrency. In light of the recent hyper-inflation of Onecoin on 2,100,000,000(.00000000) coins to an absurd 120B (with each coin alleged to be divisible to the 0.00000001 decimal point, for a grand total of 120,000,000,000,000,000,000.00000000 (divisible, allegedly, to the 8th decimal point) individual units [that is 12 QUINTILLION]), let’s consider those “RULES” in Ruja’s own words.
Please follow along in the video at the time stamp marked:
QUOTE: IN RUJA IGNATOVA’S OWN WORDS!!!
(January 29, 2015)
MUST SEE VID: CRYPTOCURRENCY HAS FINITE &amp; FIXED AMOUNT (OC = 2.1B)!
31:17 – Cryptocurrency has one very special thing: In the beginning, when you create a cryptocurrency, you have to make a commitment. It’s like getting married, but worse. So, no divorce.
So, you go back and say, “‘This it’s the amount of currency I will create. Not more. Not less. This is it.”
It’s a code. It’s a mathematical equation. You cannot change it. You cannot discuss the mathematics. It’s how it is.
So we make a commitment in the beginning, AND FOR ONECOIN IT IS 2.1 BILLION COINS, and once we switch on the mining, THIS IS IT.
I CANNOT PRINT MORE MONEY. EVEN IF I THINK, “‘Oh, this network is growing so fast, let’s make 5 Billion (coins) or of it.”‘ IMPOSSIBLE. ITS GONE. THIS IS IT!
She goes on to say:
So this is something very special that gives cryptocurrency value.”
It’s almost like gold, you know? We have a limited resource of gold in this world, and this is it. WE MINE IT, IT’S GONE. IT’S OVER. The only thing we can do is be responsible than with gold …to recycle it. But we cannot create new gold.
AND THIS IS THE SAME WITH CRYPTOCURRENCY – “Dr.” Ruja Ignatova, January 20, 2015 (Malaysia Conference)
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:36:56
Here's what I have so far for the Onecoin/ OneLife scam Meet-Up's in various areas:
DO YOUR PART FOR THE CRYPTOCURRENCY COMMUNITY AND EMBARRASS THEM, RECORD, SAVE MORE VICTIMS FROM JOINING AND OVER-ALL, JUST DISRUPT THEM:
Los Angeles: 
Atlanta, GA ( 
and Atlanta, GA ( 
Overland Park, KS 
TOM MCMURRAIN IS ACTIVELY PROMOTING THE SCAM IN THE USA:
Houston, TX 
NOTE! McMurrain hosts "The 7th Disruption" and "The New Currency Show" - a "cryptocurrency show" on Grant Cardone TV. He is THE WORST of the scammers! and is a CONVICTED FELON for previous scam schemes, and has spent 68 months in prison for defrauding other human beings with his scams and was ordered to repay $7.5 million in restitution!
Let's have some fun with it, exposing these Ponzi Pimps and pseudo-cryptocurrency "experts!!!"
Medfield, MA
New York, NY 
Champagne, IL
Santa Barbara, CA 
Ventura CA
Nashvile, Tennessee
Pleasant Grove, Utah
Las Vegas, NV
Houston, TX
Canada (Mississaugas, ON):
U.K. - Birmingham 
U.K. - Glasgow (Scotland) 
Switzerland - Wallisellen 
Germany - Furstenfeldbruck ( 
Germany - Munchen 
Australia - Brisbane (and Gold Coast) 
France - Rennes 
Nederlands - Haarlem 
I will also try updating this soon, as it is currently about 2 months old
@_date: 2016-09-23 22:36:02
...annnnd it's gone! :)
All references to OneCoin scam we're eliminated exactly one hour ago.
We will continue to make progress in busting these con-artists! Since this is the biggest of all the cryptocurrency scams, this is the most important to see destroyed. Disrupt their Meet-Ups and events and expose the truth about both the universal Principles of Economics, which they clearly defy, as well as what digital money even is. Because there are WAAAAYY to many people falling prey to this scam. Look at these numbers for their next event (claims to be sold out): 
^^^In regards to that, I have inside information that the publisher of that rag site, Ted Nyuten, is on payroll from Onecoin for $40K (annual) to NOT publish anything neg about them. So far, he has been a very good and very well bribed lapdog. 
Onecoin claims to be "The Bitcoin Killer!"
They have even claimed that they are "the  cryptocurrency in the world!"
and that they "(we) decide what the philosophy of cryptocurrency is" 
There could not be a more obvious set of liars and con-artists using the fraudulent veil of being a cryptocurrency. 
One of the best way to attack them now is to report their videos (those ones asserting exorbitant ROI's and other fraudulent claims) to YouTube as a violation under their spam/ scam policy.
YouTube has removed their videos before AND BANNED THEM. However, there are probably hundreds of those videos spread about. Do your part for the real crypto space, so that we can mitigate the fallout of this impending collapse. Thx
@_date: 2016-09-16 22:40:17
Here's what I have so far for the Onecoin/ OneLife scam Meet-Up's in various areas:
DO YOUR PART FOR THE CRYPTOCURRENCY COMMUNITY AND EMBARRASS THEM, RECORD, SAVE MORE VICTIMS FROM JOINING AND OVER-ALL, JUST DISRUPT THEM:
Los Angeles: 
Atlanta, GA ( 
and Atlanta, GA ( 
Overland Park, KS 
TOM MCMURRAIN IS ACTIVELY PROMOTING THE SCAM IN THE USA:
Houston, TX 
NOTE! McMurrain hosts "The 7th Disruption" and "The New Currency Show" - a "cryptocurrency show" on Grant Cardone TV. He is THE WORST of the scammers! and is a CONVICTED FELON for previous scam schemes, and has spent 68 months in prison for defrauding other human beings with his scams and was ordered to repay $7.5 million in restitution!
Let's have some fun with it, exposing these Ponzi Pimps and pseudo-cryptocurrency "experts!!!"
Medfield, MA
New York, NY 
Champagne, IL
Santa Barbara, CA 
Ventura CA
Nashvile, Tennessee
Pleasant Grove, Utah
Las Vegas, NV
Houston, TX
Canada (Mississaugas, ON):
U.K. - Birmingham 
U.K. - Glasgow (Scotland) 
Switzerland - Wallisellen 
Germany - Furstenfeldbruck ( 
Germany - Munchen 
Australia - Brisbane (and Gold Coast) 
France - Rennes 
Nederlands - Haarlem 
"Bitcoin Killer? LOL."
I will also try updating this soon, as it is currently about 2 months old - BUT PLEASE FEEL FREE TO CONTRIBUTE TO THIS LIST!
@_date: 2018-02-05 00:59:43
Oops. Missed the: /s
@_date: 2018-02-05 01:07:42
Compliance is the toughest aspect. Particularly if operating in the U.S.
@_date: 2018-02-05 00:58:57
Ummmm. Please define "0%."
Go to coinmarketcap/btc/markets and tell me which exchanges are selling at "0%."
Also, if operator stocks up on BTC at $15K per BTC and price dips to $10K each, do the same rules apply?
@_date: 2015-04-23 01:04:40
  3,000 bits !
Great promo!!
@_date: 2015-04-30 23:22:47
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: 
Apple Co-founder, Steve Wozniak joins Planet Capital Board
Providing for the Next Gen ATM Payments Disrupter
Los Angeles, CA April 30th, 2015
Planet Capital, FinTech innovator and developer of multi-function Next Gen ATM Kiosks, announced its launch into the burgeoning self service payments space this week. 
Chairman, Lee Caplin is Co-Founder of Penske Media, owner of Variety Magazine and the entrepreneur responsible for creating the first military grade encryption for civilian telephones. Planet’s CTO, Dan Sokol, along with Caplin made a joint statement, saying that “Planet’s strategy is to deploy kiosks free of charge, removing the ‘pay wall’ and common financial barriers for many merchants desiring to install service-ready, multi-function ATM’s to meet their clients growing financial, digital and virtual needs within this fast-moving economy.” Caplin referred to Planet’s strategic team, saying that “My brain trust consists of some of Silicon Valley’s heaviest hitters.” Company directors and advisors include: 
•	Steve “Woz” Wozniak, Apple Co-Founder
•	Reed Hundt, President Clinton Administration FCC Chairman 
•	Steve Mayer, Atari Co-Founder
•	John Harris, former CFO of The Carlyle Group
•	Ken Hardesty: former IBM/ Seagate Executive
A. Lyle Elias, Planet Capital CEO, ATM Industry Association (ATMIA) co-founder and PAYe Network founder said, “With an ‘All-Star’ team focused on exploiting our patent pending IP and “Blockchain” technology, Planet’s ‘Next Gen ATM kiosks, unique network architecture and state-of-the-art wallet solution will make us a major payments industry disrupter. Elias said, “Planet’s strategy is geared toward capturing a significant share of the growing global market low cost payments kiosks. Planet will become the global market leader in self-service alternative payments.” 
About Planet Capital
Planet Capital is a “Next Gen ATM, Fin-Tech” company based in Los Angeles, California. The Planet Network products and services, are utilizing the Blockchain, Cloud and Patent Pending technologies to enable faster, easier and more secure self service payments and solutions. We are dedicated to the concept of “Smart Money” and revolutionizing the way people manage their daily finances and get instant interoperability.
Media Contact: 
Timothy Curry, CIO, Planet Capital: 
e: T.Curry
@_date: 2015-04-30 23:11:21
ask away :)
@_date: 2015-04-30 23:16:28
that is my LinkedIn :)
Feel free to ask questions, although not sure exactly how much I can talk about just yet. There will be some great things happening which we think the community will appreciate. Furthermore, if you look at my profile, you will know that one of my personal focuses in this space has been towards the proverbial "banking the un-banked." This is where Planet Capital will make some really interesting headway!
@_date: 2015-04-30 23:23:51
sorry for the crappy format. 
Here is a better link:
@_date: 2015-02-19 09:16:03
WTF?!?! I just got the same! Older articles that I've read are showing "ERROR 404" !!!!
YAY!!! 1:17AM PST - site now seems to be back online - good job guys!
@_date: 2016-07-20 07:35:46
Hi guys, I rarely post here, but I think the following post is extremely important to SHARE and make people aware, as it will lead to growing problems the longer that it survives. Onecoin's "vapor-ware" SCAM is perpetuating the slogan "Onecoin: The Bitcoin Killer"
They claim 2.1+ million (VICTIMS) and growing
The Onecoin Ponzi Scam is presently under Federal Investigations in nearly a dozen countries on 3 continents!
For the most recent and comprehensive INVESTIGATIVE REPORT on what this is, please review/ SHARE the following: 
For yesterday's Radio Show Broadcast breaking down how Onecoin/ OneLife has absolutely defied ALL UNIVERSAL PRINCIPLES OF ECONOMICS and broken all laws of SUPPLY v DEMAND (including their own MAGIC PHILOSOPHY of "hyper-inflation" and "dilution"), tune in HERE:
 
SO, WHAT CAN YOU DO!?!
REPORT THEM AND/ OR HELP THE VICTIMS AND POTENTIAL VICTIMS!
HERE are ALL THE SUSPECTED Onecoin Meet-Up Groups please help find others on EventBrite and other sites, and expose them HERE! "Infiltrate" and work "undercover," if need be! Notify your local Authorities (and provide them with the REPORT linked above. RECORD audio (and video, if possible), as this can be used to help aid the Prosecutors when it is time for "claw-backs" in the form of financial restitution to VICTIMS. BE PEACEFUL! BUT ALSO CALL THESE CRIMINALS AND/ OR DECEIVED VICTIMS (THEMSELVES) OUT!
***note: I am 'fairly certain' that this represents the lot of them, but we need "eyes on the ground" to verify 
HERE is a Los Angeles Group Meet-Up: 
Atlanta, GA (
and Atlanta, GA (
Overland Park, KS
Houston, TX 
Medfield, MA 
New York, NY 
Champagne, IL 
Santa Barbara, CA 
Ventura CA 
Nashvile, Tennessee 
Pleasant Grove, Utah 
Las Vegas, NV 
Houston, TX 
Canada (Mississaugas, ON): 
U.K. - Birmingham 
U.K. - Glasgow (Scotland) 
Switzerland - Wallisellen 
Germany - Furstenfeldbruck ( 
Germany - Munchen 
Australia - Brisbane (and Gold Coast) 
France - Rennes 
Nederlands - Haarlem 
THERE ARE PROBABLY MANY MORE. BUT WE CAN START DISRUPTING HERE. 
(If you know of other cryptocurrency and blockchain enthusiasts, MLM friends, etc., in ANY of these areas, PLEASE COPY/ PASTE and forward this information to them, on blogs, in comments, on Facebook, etc!) AND ENCOURAGE THEM TO PUBLISH THIS TOO!
WE NEED TO UNITE AS A COMMUNITY TO ERADICATE THIS SPACE OF BAD-PLAYERS, CON-ARTISTS AND OBVIOUS SCAMS.
THIS IS A GRASS-ROOTS MOVEMENT TO EXPOSE THE TRUTH AND PROTECT THE COMMUNITY AND INDUSTRY WHICH WE LOVE FROM SCAMMERS. THANK YOU.
@_date: 2016-07-26 06:01:45
In 2015 Juha Parhialah (top Onecoin Ponzi Pimp in the world, who claims to make $4MM a month on the scam) actually DID fucking say that! No shit! (I wish I could find the video now!). He said, "we are now working with Bitcoin's creator who has joined our Team."
@_date: 2016-07-14 05:12:29
Identity theft, just because not quite enough insult has been yet added to injury. All those ID's will CERTAINLY be sold on the Russian/ Bulgarian Black Markets. FACT. 
"Play stupid games? Win stupid Prizes!"
@_date: 2016-07-27 07:47:56
Jul 27th, 2016 at 3:59 am  (Q)
"Good news from here in the UK.
Unfortunately I am involved in this ponzi – have not recruited anyone, just got conned in to believing the crypto currency crap by Joby Boughey, (I’m a lucky one who has managed to recoup all my money, painstakingly selling a few coins per week, which has taken over a year!).
I received a phone call from my banks fraud department after the last withdrawal I made hit my bank account.
They wanted to advise me about this scam (which I already figured out thanks to yourself oz) and to inform me that they would block any money sent from any accounts in the UK, to any onecoin account.
Action fraud are working away at this also. If my bank are blocking transactions in to one coin accounts then I imagine all UK banks are doing the same."
TT note: "Action Fraud" is the UK’s national reporting centre for fraud and cyber crime where you should report fraud if you have been scammed, defrauded or experienced cyber crime.
We provide a central point of contact for information about fraud and financially motivated internet crime. People are scammed, ripped off or conned everyday and we want this to stop.
The service is run by the City of London Police working alongside the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau who are responsible for assessment of the reports and to ensure that your fraud reports reach the right place
@_date: 2016-07-30 21:46:08
Hahaha. Hopefully ;)
@_date: 2016-07-16 06:22:08
Their "KYC" info will only help add insult to injury upon collapse, when Onecoin sells all of it on the Russian/ Bulgarian black market
@_date: 2016-07-26 15:40:08
ATTENTION CRYPTO ENTHUSIASTS!! Our efforts to weed out the Onecoin/ OneLife pseudoo-cryptocurrency SCAM, as suggested on reddit are beginning to have effect!!!!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK AND KEEP TAKING THEM DOWN!! If you don't like a SCAM COIN calling itself "The Bitcoin Killer" THAN PLEASE, SUPPORT THE CAMPAIGN TO ERRADICATE THIS SCAM by being active and sharing these posts EVERYWHERE!
Choose Files
@_date: 2016-07-26 06:09:00
It's a $100,000 hacking challenge.
They first announced it on June 11th in London without giving a "start-date" and I had someone contact me and give me 3 screenshots PROCING they HAD actually hacked it already (within 24 hours of the announcement - he took down the site for over 5 hours!), and Onecoin refused to pay up, pushing back the goal posts by saying, "Oh, that doesn't start until June 21st." Of course this "start date" was never originally set, and it was assumed that they were immediately open game.
NOTE TO HACKERS: I VIEW THIS AS A "RECRUITMENT TOOL" FOR THEIR NEXT SCAM (there is ALWAYS a "next scam" with these people, and Ruja and Sebastian are really only "front puppets"), SO BE VERY VERY CAREFUL IF YOU "REGISTER" FOR IT. PROTECT YOUR IDENTITY AT ALL COSTS, AT LEAST UNTIL THERE IS A SAFE(?) TIME TO DO SO! 
My belief is they are recruiting "black hats" for criminal purposes only.  
If any hackers/ hacker Teams reading this think they can do it ..just do it ANON and PUBLISH/ MAKE VIRAL ;)
@_date: 2016-07-16 06:16:48
Here is their first "AUDIT"
Info on Onecoin's "blockchain"
NOTE: They presently don't have one. They MAY or may not be launching one on October 1st, according to their claims
all of their scammy Press Release:
and this is my own in-depth research on the scam company:
@_date: 2016-07-31 06:52:09
I don't know if they will do New Zealand or not, but there are upcoming Australia dates in the next two days!
Onelife is proud to present: The Onecoin Australia and New Zealand future of payments tour.
Check your nearest city for more details:
PERTH 28th July
MELBOURNE 30th July
SYDNEY 31st July
GOLD COAST 1st August
CAIRNS 2nd August
More information: +61 438 413 551 
NOTE: Be stealth and record it!
@_date: 2016-07-17 08:03:31
WARNING!!!! PLEASE MUST READ!!!
Two weeks. 55,000 views. Almost 4,000 shares on Facebook. THIS IS THE DEFINITIVE ARTICLE WHICH BLOWS THE LID OFF ONECOIN WITH FACTS AND ORIGINAL SOURCE DOCUMENTATION!!! 
Is there 100% VERIFIED PROOF that both Ruja and Sebastien worked previous MLM's which lost over $50,000,000 in IA (independent affiliates) money?
is there 100% VERIFIED PROOF that Ruja has been caught red-handed in numerous and very specific LIES over the past year?
is there 100% VERIFIED PROOF that Ruja's Feb. Issue of Financial IT was an EXACT REPRINT (48 of the 52 pages exactly the same) of the January issue with Gareth Richardson on the cover?
is there 100% VERIFIED PROOF that the alleged 2MM OC members is because Onecoin has literally purchased the databases of failed and bonifide proven Ponzi scam collapses, such as Bonofa, Conligus, UniverTeam, OPN/Unaico, and several others, whose 100,000's of members have already lost $100,000,000's of dollars?
Is there 100% DOCUMENTED EVIDENCE that Ruja Ignatova PLEAD "GUILTY" and was CONVICTED OF FRAUD in March of this year for embezzling money from a previous company?!?
.....IS THERE 100% ACTUALLY VERIFIED PROOF THAT ALL OF THIS IS VERY WELL-SOURCED AND WELL DOCUMENTED, BEYOND A SHADOW OF A DOUBT?!?!?!?!? 
READ, COMMENT, SHARE, WARN!!!
@_date: 2015-02-19 09:23:27
Good job! That was weird!
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:21:15
SEE: 
A partial list of books they have plagiarized from:
(The PDF page number is just where the plagiarism was detected from the sample. Content above and below the discovery is most likely infringed as well)
Bitcoins, litecoins, what coins? A Global Phenomenon – John Stevensen -€2.74 (Level 2)
Gold Trading Boot Camp – Gregory T. Weldon €24.99 (Level 2)
High Powered Investing for Dummies €18 (Level 3)
Investopedia – Free Content (All Levels – Significant amount)
Technical Analysis for Dummies (Level 1 &amp; 3)
The Collapse of the Dollar and How to Profit from It By James Turk, John Rubino €10 (Level 1)
Rich Dad’s Guide to Investing in Gold and Silver by Michael Maloney (Level 1).
How does the stock market work? by Pauline Estola (Level 1 First Paragraph)
Personal Finance For Dummies (Level 2)
Crypto Mining Blog (Level 2 Package) Some words were replaced (e.g. “fiat currency” was changed to “normal currency”)
Fractured Hope by Sipho Mzolo (Level 2)
Financial Crime and Gambling in a Virtual World: A New Frontier in Cybercrime By Clare Chambers-Jones, Henry Hillman (Level 2)
Crypto Anarchy By Isaak Crofton €25 (Level 2)
How A BitCoin Transaction Works Infographic. See it here (Large Image) (Level 2)
Bitcoinmining.com FAQ: What is BitCoin Mining (Level 2)
Bitcoin.org FAQ: Can bitcoins become worthless? (Level 2) Last Paragraph
Commodities For Dummies by Amine Bouchentouf (Level 1 p42)
Candlestick Charting Explained by Gregory L. Morris with Ryan Litchfield €32 (Level 4 p45-p58)
Innovation Expedition: The Future of the BitCoin (Blog) by Stephen Murgatroyd (Level 4 p67)
There are many more passages that are copied from ebooks that are not readily searchable. Ruja has sourced additional material from behind paywalls or ebooks that have not been web indexed or scanned by Google Books. – Source Onecoinscam.com
@_date: 2016-07-16 21:03:50
Onecoin is masquerading under the banner "The New Currency" since "Onecoin/ OneLife" have absolutely destroyed their own reputation (oh, and because it is ILLEGAL for an unlicensed MLM to operate in the USA, particularly those selling unlicensed Securities). Here are SUSPECTED Onecoin Meet-Up Groups:
HERE is a Los Angeles Group Meet-Up: 
Atlanta, GA
this may or may not be a Onecoin Meet-Up (I think it is)
 
This is DEFINITELY a Onecoin Meet-Up possibly founded by convicted con-artist, Tom McMurrain (although it is listed as "Tom Murrin" - possibly to avoid SEO's [note: I cannot be sure]): 
NOTE: THIS IS TOM MCMURRAIN ACTIVELY PROMOTING THE SCAM IN THE USA: 
Medfield, MA
New York
Champagne, IL
Santa Barbara, CA
Here is another one: 
Ventura California
Also: 
Pleasant Grove, Utah
Las Vegas, NV
Houston, TX
Brisbane Australia
THERE ARE PROBABLY MANY MORE. BUT WE CAN START DISRUPTING HERE
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:23:20
she is a "puppet" for MUCH MUCH more powerful entity!
@_date: 2016-07-21 21:25:31
Yeah, I can't wait til this is done. I never set out to be a "scam buster," but Onecoin has just gotten too big, too ridiculous, and to blatantly a failure at Economics 101 ("doubling" coins/ tokens, increasing "finite" supply by 5,700%, coins not selling while price continues to increase, etc). Not to mention "banking the Unbanked" while having "KYC" embedded into their *new "blockchain." Lol. Most recently, I have just struck while the iron is hot with that nonsense. SEC is following the Team Leaders now and building their case. The AVERAGE investigation lasts, statistically, between 18-28 months (with a recent one which lasted just 6 before action was taken to shut it down). The fact that this is global and in Gibraltor/ Bulgaria/ "no-one-can-touch" places is discouraging, but when the SEC strikes in the USA finally, and arrests the ponzi pimps pushing the scheme (like convicted ponzi felon, Tom McMurrain and others), that will put the final nail in the coffin for the scheme (I hope).
@_date: 2016-07-31 06:55:28
Here are a listing on Facebook of all their upcoming events (but, note that this also lists past events, so make sure dates are current). Spread this info in your communities, so we can take them down.
@_date: 2016-07-20 07:34:56
because Principles of Economics are not "a thing" to you? Correct?
@_date: 2016-07-14 05:09:35
When the amount of money coming in is not enough to pay the pre-existing investors it will collapse. Hopefully sooner than later.
If you have not yet see this Investigative report, please SHARE and ask your friends to SHARE: 
@_date: 2016-07-20 07:26:46
Hi guys, I rarely post here, but I think the following post is extremely important to SHARE and make people aware, as it will lead to growing problems the longer that it survives. Onecoin's "vapor-ware" SCAM is perpetuating the slogan "Onecoin: The Bitcoin Killer"
They claim 2.1+ million (VICTIMS) and growing
The Onecoin Ponzi Scam is presently under Federal Investigations in nearly a dozen countries on 3 continents!
For the most recent and comprehensive INVESTIGATIVE REPORT on what this is, please review/ SHARE the following: 
For yesterday's Radio Show Broadcast breaking down how Onecoin/ OneLife has absolutely defied ALL UNIVERSAL PRINCIPLES OF ECONOMICS and broken all laws of SUPPLY v DEMAND (including their own MAGIC PHILOSOPHY of "hyper-inflation" and "dilution"), tune in HERE:
 
SO, WHAT CAN YOU DO!?!
REPORT THEM AND/ OR HELP THE VICTIMS AND POTENTIAL VICTIMS!
HERE are ALL THE SUSPECTED Onecoin Meet-Up Groups please help find others on EventBrite and other sites, and expose them HERE! "Infiltrate" and work "undercover," if need be! Notify your local Authorities (and provide them with the REPORT linked above. RECORD audio (and video, if possible), as this can be used to help aid the Prosecutors when it is time for "claw-backs" in the form of financial restitution to VICTIMS. BE PEACEFUL! BUT ALSO CALL THESE CRIMINALS AND/ OR DECEIVED VICTIMS (THEMSELVES) OUT!
***note: I am 'fairly certain' that this represents the lot of them, but we need "eyes on the ground" to verify 
HERE is a Los Angeles Group Meet-Up: 
Atlanta, GA (
and Atlanta, GA (
Overland Park, KS
Houston, TX 
Medfield, MA 
New York, NY 
Champagne, IL 
Santa Barbara, CA 
Ventura CA 
Nashvile, Tennessee 
Pleasant Grove, Utah 
Las Vegas, NV 
Houston, TX 
Canada (Mississaugas, ON): 
U.K. - Birmingham 
U.K. - Glasgow (Scotland) 
Switzerland - Wallisellen 
Germany - Furstenfeldbruck ( 
Germany - Munchen 
Australia - Brisbane (and Gold Coast) 
France - Rennes 
Nederlands - Haarlem 
THERE ARE PROBABLY MANY MORE. BUT WE CAN START DISRUPTING HERE. 
(If you know of other cryptocurrency and blockchain enthusiasts, MLM friends, etc., in ANY of these areas, PLEASE COPY/ PASTE and forward this information to them, on blogs, in comments, on Facebook, etc!) AND ENCOURAGE THEM TO PUBLISH THIS TOO!
WE NEED TO UNITE AS A COMMUNITY TO ERADICATE THIS SPACE OF BAD-PLAYERS, CON-ARTISTS AND OBVIOUS SCAMS.
THIS IS A GRASS-ROOTS MOVEMENT TO EXPOSE THE TRUTH AND PROTECT THE COMMUNITY AND INDUSTRY WHICH WE LOVE FROM SCAMMERS. THANK YOU.
@_date: 2016-07-19 20:32:15
Hi Bruce, if you are able to "push" this notification via your network or otherwise ALSO assist getting it in front of the right people, please feel free:
The Onecoin Ponzi Scam is presently under Federal Investigations in nearly a dozen countries on 3 continents! 
For the most recent and comprehensive INVESTIGATIVE REPORT on what this is, please review/ SHARE the following: 
For yesterday's Radio Show Broadcast breaking down how Onecoin/ OneLife has absolutely defied ALL UNIVERSAL PRINCIPLES OF ECONOMICS and broken all laws of SUPPLY v DEMAND (including their own MAGIC PHILOSOPHY of "hyper-inflation" and "dilution"), tune in HERE:
 
SO, WHAT CAN YOU DO!?!
REPORT THEM AND/ OR HELP THE VICTIMS AND POTENTIAL VICTIMS!
HERE are ALL THE SUSPECTED Onecoin Meet-Up Groups please help find others on EventBrite and other sites, and expose them HERE! "Infiltrate" and work "undercover," if need be! Notify your local Authorities (and provide them with the REPORT linked above. RECORD audio (and video, if possible), as this can be used to help aid the Prosecutors when it is time for "claw-backs" in the form of financial restitution to VICTIMS. BE PEACEFUL! BUT ALSO CALL THESE CRIMINALS AND/ OR DECEIVED VICTIMS (THEMSELVES) OUT! 
***note: I am 'fairly certain' that this represents the lot of them, but we need "eyes on the ground" to verify 
HERE is a Los Angeles Group Meet-Up:  
Atlanta, GA (
 
and Atlanta, GA (
 
Overland Park, KS 
Houston, TX 
 
Medfield, MA  
 
New York, NY 
 
Champagne, IL  
 
Santa Barbara, CA 
 
Ventura CA  
 
Nashvile, Tennessee  
 
Pleasant Grove, Utah  
 
Las Vegas, NV  
 
Houston, TX  
 
Canada (Mississaugas, ON):  
 
U.K. - Birmingham 
 
U.K. - Glasgow (Scotland) 
 
Switzerland - Wallisellen 
 
Germany - Furstenfeldbruck ( 
 
and  
Germany - Munchen 
 
Australia - Brisbane (and Gold Coast) 
 
France - Rennes 
 
Nederlands - Haarlem 
 
THERE ARE PROBABLY MANY MORE. BUT WE CAN START DISRUPTING HERE. 
(If you know of other cryptocurrency and blockchain enthusiasts, MLM friends, etc., in ANY of these areas, PLEASE COPY/ PASTE and forward this information to them, on blogs, in comments, on Facebook, etc!) AND ENCOURAGE THEM TO PUBLISH THIS TOO!
WE NEED TO UNITE AS A COMMUNITY TO ERADICATE  THIS SPACE OF BAD-PLAYERS, CON-ARTISTS AND OBVIOUS SCAMS.  
THIS IS A GRASS-ROOTS MOVEMENT TO EXPOSE THE TRUTH AND PROTECT THE COMMUNITY AND INDUSTRY WHICH WE LOVE FROM SCAMMERS. THANK YOU. 
@_date: 2016-07-21 17:31:08
Thanks man! I accidentally "fell into this" and got hooked watching the trainwreck after similarly watching Homero's shit-show. Kudos on being a *prime advocator in bringing it down.
We had an Attorney who was all set up to moderate a debate, but Ken pulled a bailout in the 11th hour. AGAIN.
The following "DEBATE" between us on April 9th was nearly 4 1/2 hours long .....actually, that was when Labine finished his "opening statement" prior to "joining me to the debate (which was scheduled for 4pm)." At around 8:15pm he began calling me a 'coward' for "chickening out."
The planned and published date in the bitcoin.com article was Wednesday, following the release of The Report, but Labine conveniently tried to make it a day earlier (when I told him I was unavailable) and called me a coward. 
The following announced "day of the debate" Jamie Redman (some "blogger" - lol) hooked me up with the guys on The Crypto Show, and 7 minutes before we were to go live, Ken and I had been in communication. AGAIN THOUGH, he did not show. 
After that he agreed to the moderated debate with Adelle Toulon-Foerster of Cogent Law Group, and then he made a video and called it off because "he did not have time to deal with the "haters."
@_date: 2016-07-30 19:17:14
SO, WHAT CAN YOU DO!?!
REPORT THEM AND/ OR HELP THE VICTIMS AND POTENTIAL VICTIMS! HERE are ALL THE SUSPECTED Onecoin Meet-Up Groups please help find others on EventBrite and other sites, and expose them HERE! "Infiltrate" and work "undercover," if need be! Notify your local Authorities (and provide them with the REPORT linked above. RECORD audio (and video, if possible), as this can be used to help aid the Prosecutors when it is time for "claw-backs" in the form of financial restitution to VICTIMS. BE PEACEFUL! BUT ALSO CALL THESE CRIMINALS AND/ OR DECEIVED VICTIMS (THEMSELVES) OUT! ***note: I am 'fairly certain' that this represents the lot of them, but we need "eyes on the ground" to verify
HERE is a Los Angeles Group Meet-Up: 
Atlanta, GA ( 
and Atlanta, GA (
Overland Park, KS 
Houston, TX 
Medfield, MA 
New York, NY 
Champagne, IL 
Santa Barbara, CA 
Ventura CA 
Nashvile, Tennessee 
Pleasant Grove, Utah 
Las Vegas, NV 
Houston, TX 
Canada (Mississaugas, ON): 
U.K. - Birmingham 
U.K. - Glasgow (Scotland) 
Switzerland - Wallisellen 
Germany - Furstenfeldbruck ( 
Germany - Munchen 
Australia - Brisbane (and Gold Coast) 
France - Rennes 
Nederlands - Haarlem 
THERE ARE PROBABLY MANY MORE. BUT WE CAN START DISRUPTING HERE. (If you know of other cryptocurrency and blockchain enthusiasts, MLM friends, etc., in ANY of these areas, PLEASE COPY/ PASTE and forward this information to them, on blogs, in comments, on Facebook, etc!) AND ENCOURAGE THEM TO PUBLISH THIS TOO!
WE NEED TO UNITE AS A COMMUNITY TO ERADICATE THIS SPACE OF BAD-PLAYERS, CON-ARTISTS AND OBVIOUS SCAMS.
THIS IS A GRASS-ROOTS MOVEMENT TO EXPOSE THE TRUTH AND PROTECT THE COMMUNITY AND INDUSTRY WHICH WE LOVE FROM SCAMMERS. THANK YOU.
@_date: 2016-07-14 05:05:01
Onecoin CLAIMS to show Onecoin’s blockchain in their back office, but let’s analyze this. I will walk you through the proof that the blockchain showing in the back office is bogus, step-by-step! Take a look at this.
You all recognize this screen:
So, let’s all follow along now.
1.) Bottom Right TITLE: “Current Block is Mining From” Here is you fake “blockchain” as seen in your back office. This is simply a looped counter (banner) VIDEO pasted over a looped video source. HERE: 
So, the above-looped video with the counter inserted over of it for “blocks mined” that flashes every ten minutes, which you all see, only gives the “appearance” of something technical happening, but of course, it’s all just smoke and mirrors.
BUT WAIT! THERE’S MORE!
2.) TOP LEFT, COLUMN ONE “Block Height” – nothing wrong here. This is simply the block count since the alleged Genesis block.
3.) COLUMN TWO: AGE – There is little deviation from 10 minute block times.
This doesn’t make sense FOR TWO REASONS: a. There is zero “difficulty” within a closed loop system – REASON: a closed system does not “compete” with others. It is a self-satisfying reward EVERY TIME. b. If it were not a closed system than there WOULD be competition. As such, while the block times should AVERAGE 10 minutes, it is only an average. You would definitely see 3 minutes, as well as 15-20 minute block times occasionally because computers are literally “guessing” solutions, and USUALLY the amount of peta-hashes looking for such solutions would be similar to the amount of coin flips it would take to land on heads 10x in a row. After about ten minutes, one of the consecutive flips might do it. However, it is unlikely, but possible it could take 20 minutes or one minute. So, such little deviation is definitely “faked” and I have looked at MANY examples in the back office of block times and have never personally seen more than a minute of difference.
4.) COLUMN THREE: TRANSACTIONS – Just Lol for numerous reasons: a.) I have never seen more than one transaction posted here.
WHAT DOES THAT IMPLY? Well, as you know, there are an alleged 2.1MM people who have traded tokens for mining. The distribution of those tokens would come from the blockchain (unless they have created in Excel Spreadsheets [which they seem to be]). So, there should be NUMEROUS, MAYBE HUNDREDS of transactions per block!
b.) S-Systems (Onecoin’s fake auditor [similar to your fake exchange, xcoinx, and operated by Onecoin themselves] who has not published an audit for this “transparent” company since January) stated in their joke of an Audit (which has ZERO TECHNICAL DATA (- WHICH IS WHAT AN “AUDIT” IS!), which reads more like a Letter of Recomendation to oneself, “There are no transactions not included in the Blockchain.” – well, as I just demonstrated, this is a lie AGAIN, FOR TWO REASONS:
 This is a “logical fallacy” because if a transaction occurred outside the blockchain, HOW WOULD THEY KNOW!?! ANSWER: THEY WOULDN’T.
and  if it were true, which it obviously is NOT, than transactions from each block solved would be registered in the blockchain as moving into your back office. Every time someone gets coins from mining they would be able to see the coin distribution from each block.
Check out S-Sys's slick website HERE: 
5.) COLUMN FOUR: TOTAL SENT – this is only “coins created” and it is called hyper-inflation. Other than that, nothing to point out here.
6.) COLUMN FIVE: SIZE (KB) – this is hilarious, also AGAIN, FOR A FEW REASONS! All sizes are shown as 188KB (although recently they show as 189KB).
 this indicates that there is only a single transaction as shown in column 3. However, the size of a single bitcoin transaction is about 1-2KB, so this makes no sense.
Furthermore,  if there were any “difficulty” in the mining process and if computers were batching transactions for coins created and distributed, than every single block would vary in KB greatly.
7.) BOTTOM LEFT: LATEST TRANSACTIONS – The PURPOSE of a “block explorer/ blockchain” is to be able to “FIND” transactions and transactional history. This is nothing “proprietary” that would need to be hidden. It simply does not exist with Onecon. You CANNOT “click” a transaction and find the history of it. Neither can you view any blocks or transactions over an hour and some change old.
THIS, AGAIN, PROVES THAT THIS IS NOT A BLOCKCHAIN. JUST NUMBERS ON A SCREEN TIED TO A SILLY “COUNTER” USED TO DECEIVE VICTIMS.
Furthermore, (technical) the hexidecimal hashes shown as “transactions” make no cryptographic sense! They are NOT math based in a cryptographic fashion, which could link any inputs and outputs together algorithmically. It is a complete farce!
@_date: 2016-07-31 06:45:49
This was probably the link: 
(I often copy/ paste to blast the message on multiple forums, etc.)
@_date: 2016-07-27 06:31:27
Thanks! Sometimes I get drunk and Google Translate notice of the scam in other languages too, with supporting videos and references in their indigenous tongue ;l
"Spanish Forbes" liked my post on their page about the scam this week! Hehehee.
@_date: 2016-07-16 06:20:55
Onecoin is a scam founded by scammers. For proof check out my research report HERE: 
@_date: 2016-07-20 07:31:18
In brief: Onecoin uses newly invested money to pay off existing investors - that makes is an unsustainable ponzi scheme. It is unsustainable.
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:36:32
I'm thinking that we are not the only ones recognizing a malicious trend in our industry (not that this has ANYTHING to do with our actual industry, but Regulators definitely are too. 
As such, they are looking for an iron-clad case to (I believe) set a powerful precedent for in this space.
I believe THAT is why they have not "clamped down" on the operation just yet (and the fact that it is more dificult, being global and operating out of Bulgaria). US reps, however, could definitely suffer "Clawbacks" in the form of financial restitution to victims. 
@_date: 2016-07-16 06:06:32
Saturday, July 23rd (a week from today) these scammers will be hosting a Meet-Up in Orange County, CA at Dave &amp; Busters at "The Block" in Orange! Anyone from around here, let's show them hell!
UPDATE: I NEED TO CONFIRM THIS ONE - AM NOT 100% POSITIVE. SORRY (I'll be back)
UPPDATE  - YES! THIS IS IT:
"Yes it's meet up hosted by Elisha Jancik, he's not deaf but can use sign language. Please do not use my name but meet up with him. Then ask question etc." - ANONYMOUS
@_date: 2015-02-10 23:28:40
Great coverage. More people should set up fun events that actually teach bitcoin in a practical sense to new users. It was great to see airbitz on the front lines. Awesome airbitz commercial too! First time I'd seen it. Thanks.
@_date: 2016-07-31 06:42:47
noted. Thank you
@_date: 2016-07-14 17:37:54
Indeed. But the bigger picture is that this kind of scam is a new TREND (which must be stopped!)
@_date: 2016-07-14 05:20:37
THIS is their "blockchain" (LOOPED VIDEO) which idiots think shows "mining"