@_author: tinege
@_date: 2014-12-14 10:03:44
Subject: OPEN LETTER TO POPE FRANCIS
His Holiness Pope Francis
00120 Via del Pellegrino
Vatican City
Your Excellency Pope Francis,
	Please accept our donations as an provision of help to all the suffering people in this world.
	In this hour when the world is full of doubt and despair, financial crisis, wars and natural disasters we want to help all people. We are grateful to God for the insight that he, with the use of our hands, sends people some money in response their prayers and asking God for help. We are giving away 100 TNG to every man on the world. Anyone can receive this money on our website absolutely for free. We want our world to be more free and just. We want to change the world without wars and live in peace. Humanity gained vast experience but all experiments have ended, so the time of new generation has come.
	The new world currency, the TINEGE, is based on mathematical ciphering, “encryption”, which is the latest invention in mathematics and computer science. The cryptocurrency TINEGE is not a debt instrument, it is a self-sustained equivalent of value. That means that goods and services can be purchased for TINEGE and it can also be exchanged for other currencies or securities. TINEGE, an unrestricted and requiring no authorization-for-use currency with its low fees/commissions level and a highly secure network for making transactions is perfected for use. Unlike regular currencies, which are issued, printed and regulated by governments or banking alliances, the TINEGE is decentralized, its issue rate is limited and it does not require any acknowledgment by governments, backing by a gold standard or GDP of any economy. It is mined by people on the Internet and belongs to all people. The TINEGE is free money for free people. There used to be time, when mail was on paper but then came electronic mail era and no government could stop or regulate that change. ‘Tempora mutantur, et nos mutamur in illis’, progress cannot be stopped and evolution is inevitable!
	Please accept 1,050,000,000.00 (one billion, fifty million) TINEGEs from us and please give away this money at your discretion to all those in need across the world.
	We kindly ask you to download an e-wallet from our website  and post your wallet number on your website’s main page for TINEGE donations. We will transfer our donations immediately.
	Please bless us in our righteous deeds in the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.
From the bottom of our hearts,
TINEGE Team.
