@_author: tinnitus_anglesmith
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:07:26
Mortgage Backed Securities seemed like a hot new asset to limit risk and garuntee good returns.   Everything was sunshine and rainbows, until it wasn't.   
My dad had a lot of clients ask him about these MBS's but my dad felt he didn't know enough about them to comfortably encourage clients to invest in them.   Lucky for him most of his clients took his advice and shied away from the tool that they didn't really understand, and didn't lose everything in the crash.
Fear because of Ignorance is never a good thing, but investing in something you don't really understand can certainly be worse.
@_date: 2017-12-13 19:05:53
It isn't exclusive to bitcoin, that's the point.  It's about speculative investors and it's called the "bigger fool fallacy". It's been around forever.
One difference between bitcoin and MOST of the stock market, however;
Bitcoin is purely speculation, while a stock can be an investment OR speculation.
People investing in stock own a portion of a company's assets, and often are receiving dividends based on the company's performance in an actual activity.   General Motors produces autos, sells them at a profit, reports their profits, and pays a dividend to shareholders.   People want to own the right to those dividends, so they buy the stock and drive its price up.  Some are speculating with intent to sell for a return on equity.
some are looking to the dividends as the primary form of return, this is often less lucrative, but much less risky.
Bitcoin has no underlying asset or promise.    It is not a stock, but a currency.   It doesn't promise a dividend or an interest payment.  The only way an investor can profit is by speculating that if they buy today, the price will be higher when they sell it.   
Don't get me wrong, stocks and even commodities can be purely speculative as well, but a smart investor generally avoids pure speculation, and looks at underlying assets and profitablility.
Some non-crypto currency scenarios that this sentence clearly apply to include the South Sea Bubble, the Tulip Trade, the modern Bullion trade, and penny-stocks sold in the market today.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:51:09
I hope these poor idiots understand what they stand to lose when it finally does burst.   
Artificial bubbles are nothing new, but the same rhetoric has been thrown around for hundreds of years.
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:49:02
"There is always a bigger idiot than me to buy in when it's too late.    I'm smart enough to know when to get out."
@_date: 2017-12-13 17:58:29
All the best bubbles start to skyrocket just before reaching the threshold when the public smells the bullshit.    In the not too far future I'm expecting a small dip in price, and a shake in public confidence.   People will start to sell, no-one will buy, and suddenly there will be a run.  
Could be a kiss of death for crypto if enough people lose enough money. 
It could happen tomorrow, or it could happen 20 years from now, but my money is on sometime in the very near future.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:51:24
The original crypto people might not drop it, but a lot of the people buying in recently will. I don't know if there will be a stable shelf from old crypto investors buying in.   It's just as likely those guys will hold off until it's very cheap again. But now the pool of potential investors shrinks as traditional investors get scared by the high volatility, and we never see it get as high as it currently is again.
Of course, after a big dip it certainly could stabilize and rally, and then roof itself around 100k, but I don't think that will happen.
@_date: 2017-12-13 18:13:09
That's a fair comparison of the way people invest in gold and bitcoin.   
The kicker lies in the point that anyone purchasing or still holding onto Gold as an investment after it rose 20 times its price in a year is an idiot.
Bitcoin has a use, but the writing on the wall is pretty clear, and a lot of people will likely get hurt.