@_author: tinyturtleslol
@_date: 2017-10-25 18:56:25
I just want to point out that TeleSUR (the owner of the Empire Files series and Abby Martin's employer) was co-founded by Venezuela and its primary funding continues to come from the Venezuelan government
( 
I enjoy watching the Empire Files series as well, but please acknowledge it's another biased source, especially when reporting on Venezuela itself. All sources are biased of course, so heavily leaning on any one is likely to distort your world view. 
Edit: Sorry, tried to put the link directly in the text but the (TV_channel) messed up the string
@_date: 2017-10-30 19:27:01
Did you really just link me to the Empire Files channel...?


And what exactly does a profit first sell out "look like"?
Further, just because it's not motivated by profits doesn't mean it's not biased, especially when you're talking about socialism; the ideology means more to hard-line socialists than money ever could. 
I'm glad TeleSUR exists and gives different points of view to the arguments that main stream US media distributes, but they are clearly biased towards socialism and against the US and western Europe. 
Just look at the way she lets the VZ party member off with his deflected answers in that interview. No tough questions for the party. Why did the VZ supreme court (TSJ) take over the duties of National Assembly, filled with opposition to Maduro, in March? Why are they re-writing the constitution? There were widespread claims the government fudging voter numbers, what's this party member's response to that? Why did the Maduro government [arrest twitter users in 2014 and remove 46 radio stations from the air in 2017?](
They're still under martial law, and Maduro is consolidating power, but Abby Martin hardly asks a single question addressing that in favor of letting a head party member explain that really, it's the Venezuelan *people* that matter, and poor Venezuela (ie, the government) has been on her *very best behavior* while the mean mean western world has been trying to crush them for wanting to be *independent*.
I would not be the least bit surprised if definitive proof of the US inciting protests/trying to change the balance of power in VZ came forward. It's what countries do, barbaric as it is. It'll take a long time before we get past that (don't even try to tell me Russia, Saudi Arabia, Iran, China, India, Pakistan, Sudan, Columbia don't all act like this), but there's just so much more to the story than that. 
The interview is VZ propaganda, if you don't believe me, watch it again. You may agree with it, I agree with some it, but it's put out there to influence your opinion, not give you an objective view. That's pretty true of most media nowadays, but I think there is greater fairness in the US because of our institutions. Not in the biggest players like CNN, MSNBC, FOX, but all over the internet we have a lot of protection for free speech and free ideas that people in other parts of the world (like VZ) do not. 
@_date: 2017-10-28 01:20:27


but you're citing TeleSUR like it's fact for the sake of your argument...I'm not trying to start anything, I just see two redditors talking down to eachother without really listening, which is especially silly since neither one of you is citing enough evidence to draw a remotely unbiased conclusion.