@_author: tinytimsturtle
@_date: 2016-01-07 06:18:08
You literally have comprehension problems.  No wonder you think like you do.  


You can't see yourself can you?  Once again, the ONLY reason you think this is because you only see Bitcoin working with Lightning.  My positions ARE NOT contradictory.  
Perhaps you need someone to help you with your understanding.  
Also as far as the "context" of your statement goes, I didn't think it necessary to add the "You've just argued yourself in a circle essentially" because it's a false description based on your assumptions.  
Once again, to be PERFECTLY clear, I'll quote what I previously stated: 


Bitcoin WILL succeed WITHOUT the Lightning Network and without big centralized companies/brands controlling it.  
The big centralized companies/brands WILL control the Lightning Network.  See the Lightning Network is NOT Bitcoin.  
See your assumption is Bitcoin will not work without the Lightning Network and that's why you conflated what I said.  You have comprehension problems so I don't expect you to understand what you are saying at this point and that's why I said I'm done talking to you.   It's pointless.  You don't see yourself.  
@_date: 2016-01-07 03:03:16
I explained to you EXACTLY what will happen.  My gut feel here is you already KNOW this.  
Lightning network is NOT decentralized the way mining is.  You KNOW this.  It relies on third parties that can screw with your payments FAR more than any miner ever can.  This is why it will become reputation based and centralized.  
Also, Blockstream is more than a group of coders.  They have investors that have paid them millions upon millions.  Those investors didn't do it so Blockstream could "consult".  That's completely foolish.
At this point, you're just trying to trick people.  Good luck with it.
Edit:  
Wow...I just noticed this piece of garbage.


I didn't say this AT ALL.  You're assuming Bitcoin will ONLY succeed with the Lightning Network and you conflated that with me stating the Lighting Network will be centralized.  You should go work for Blockstream marketing.  You'd fit right in.
Yeah, I'm done with this conversation.
@_date: 2016-01-07 01:47:32
I'm fine with it.  I'll never touch anything Blockstream offers for a fee though.  If Blockstream is a payment processor, I'll take my business elsewhere.  If Blockstream investors move their money elsewhere, I won't use whatever they're pushing there either.
@_date: 2016-01-02 14:14:54
The FAQ is a scam written by a corporation that wants to destroy bitcoin and collect payments from it's users.  Why should anyone read it?  You evil bastards should take a bus trip together to some convention then maybe we'll all get lucky and it'll flip over and burn up.  You can even sing "99 bitcoin nodes working, 99 bitcoin nodes, knock one down Blockstream it round, 98 bitcoin nodes working!"
@_date: 2016-01-07 02:50:57
No one is going to use non name-brand channels.  Go to Lowes, dope...they use Blockstream, sorry if you have a bad reputation with Blockstream... but sir, I want to use my favorite processor....sorry kid doesn't work that way.
McDonald's, Walmart, Amazon--all use Blockstream.   Uh oh...it looks like Greg Maxwell was right when he said, "Blockstream is Bitcoin^TM."
You're being naive.
@_date: 2016-01-07 02:40:18
Read the first part and realized you either don't know what you're talking about or you're lying.  
Anyone that acts as a payment hub(processor) on the lightning network will collect fees.  It's as simple as that.  They aren't an evil company.  They are composed of individuals that saw an awesome scam they could pull over on Bitcoin and they are going for it.  No one is going to fall for it.   
Good luck defending them.  They are going to need it.  
I'm just thankful they all signed their "plan" so everyone knows who not to trust.
By the way, if you're just genuinely confused you should go over to and learn the truth.   This sub is HEAVILY modded and a complete echo chamber.
@_date: 2016-01-06 02:57:04


I smell a core dev trying to rally support.  
The Lightning Network works with any shit coin.  It has nothing to do with Bitcoin.  It's a nice shit coin marketing feature and anyone touting it has ulterior motives.
@_date: 2016-01-07 21:01:46
Make sure you consider security.  If you have 100 dollars of bitcoin, 2 bucks worth of thinking about security is ok.  If you have 10,000 dollars worth, 2 bucks worth of thinking about security isn't a good idea. 