@_author: tiroid
@_date: 2018-03-21 15:13:02
It's a fish eat fish world and with cryptocurrencies gaining popularity and thus adoption in the consumer segment, banks will find themselves forced to come up with products targeting this sector, even competing against each other (cryptobanks?!) in the process. The digitalization of money, as we know them today, is a certainty and will, eventually, come. Sooner or later.
@_date: 2018-07-28 00:18:50
 Hi guys!
I have been thinking for a while at how the market can be impacted if we (all together, who believes in Bitcoin) will choose a day, a group of days or maybe even a week, that we can name HODL DAY or HODL WEEK, days in which we must try to spread the idea (by our usual resources as: twitter, reddit, blogs, youtube, telegram .. and so on) that we can help Bitcoin if will HODL and not sell even a satoshi in that day/days.
This should help the market remains on a growing trend. After all, what we all want is a good market recovering and of course to strenghten the Bitcoin.
A big hype &amp; price can mean also a huge interest in Bitcoin adoption. 
That kind of a project must only be a trend, a trending idea and i hope so .. a real fact that can't be done by a particular entity, a website, an influencer because the initiative can certainly be seen as a tool/instrument made by a group of interests that will going to make dump and take advantage from it.
At this moment Bitcoin future depends on the news and the manipulation that is being done all over again in the last months. All the big players have moved from Wall Street to a market that has not so far been worth $600 bilion and where everything is much easier and safer for them to make of lots of money and to gather more and more.
Bitcoin should be OURS, that was the ideea .. why do we have news with titles as "Move Over Crypto-enthusiasts, Wall Street Will Take It From Here" .. why? We made Bitcoin stronger, the crypto-entusiasts..
After a few months of fire .. we may still own the majority .. and maybe we still have time and a chance to change the future of Bitcoin.
 My best thoughts for you all!