@_author: titaniumblight
@_date: 2016-08-12 11:54:36
Very cool project, JJ. I've already learned a ton from your efforts. Bcoin makes bitcoin internals, protocol, p2p networks, crypto MUCH more accessible to the rest of us that find reading C++ a chore. Your (and the other contributors) code is very clean and readable. Again, thank you to you and those under-writing your efforts. I will be running this along side other full nodes and comparing the output.
@_date: 2015-06-27 20:30:28
If it makes you feel any better, I buy $800 worth of bitcoin each paycheck (my company has an option to get paid in BTC -or- USD.) I have a other investments as well, but I am extremely bullish on bitcoin over the long term. I use Gyft cards for things like Amazon or Whole Foods out of that $800, but I would say that I feel great about taking some of my pay in bitcoin.  I wish that more people would buy bitcoin and use things like Gyft. No, I don't work for Gyft or anything.  I love being part of the Bitcoin ecosystem. I have to admit that having money parked in bitcoin is a not as unsettling as I'd thought it would be. Sure, the price fluctuates with respect to the fiat currencies, but I don't live paycheck to paycheck (it wasn't always this way). So, when the price of bitcoin does fluctuate, I don't freak out. I treat the savings that I do have in bitcoin as a LONG TERM investment in addition to the other investments that I have.
@_date: 2015-05-08 13:48:49
BitPay has released its iOS SDK. So now, you can use the bitpay-ios-client Cocoapod to create pairing codes inside any iOS app. Granted, this SDK isn't able to fully create invoices, make refunds, etc.. But it handles the crypto creation and pairing code authorization. From there you can create invoices by making a simple GET request. It might be something to look into. 
@_date: 2015-01-21 02:17:20
thanks for this, I care about this trial. please accept $2 @_date: 2016-01-26 15:49:16
You do not have to run insight or bitcore-wallet-service to run bitcore. Bitcore contains a Javascript library that you can use independently; it is called bitcore-lib:   
npm install bitcore-lib
If you want to test drive bitcore-lib: 
If you want even more bitcore-related items that are contained with bitcore, but you wanted specific functionality broken out, please see:
on left side, you can see what libraries and module exist within bitcore. Each is an npm module that can be installed separately.
You could literally make your own bitcoin-related start up company with just this software.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:40:38
The newest versions of Bitcore use the C++ Bitcoin core for the "node" with a thin Javascript layer to expose some important bitcoin internals to Javascript programmers. Almost all the memory is consumed by Bitcoin Core itself.
@_date: 2016-03-18 20:57:00
The idea is to adjust the max block size consensus rule using the last 12960 (3 months) blocks' median size multiplied by 2, to be calculated after EACH block is added to the active chain. 
@_date: 2016-03-18 20:59:34
this is research done in preparation for choosing the N and M values. 
@_date: 2016-01-18 13:09:06
Great write up! I wonder if you've heard of Bitcore?  I allows you many more options with all the same easy of use that you pointed out. Of course, it does not run on Windows, so maybe this was why you did not point it out.
@_date: 2016-01-07 14:56:57
You certainly do have access to the bitcoind instance. Bitcoind runs inside Bitcore; it is called Bitcore Node, it is 100% the same code as Bitcoin Core 0.11.2 (the latest release). This means you can configure the Bitcoind using bitcoin.conf just like you would if you were running straight Bitcoind. By default, Bitcore does not open the RPC ports to the outside Internet and connects to random nodes as per the business logic in Bitcoin core. The default bitcoin.conf is txindex=1 and whitelist=127.0.0.1, that is pretty much it for defaults. You are welcome to use the full options that Bitcoin supports from there with no changes other than bitcoin.conf
@_date: 2016-01-27 02:41:48
Right, you could run bitcoind locally and install bitcore-wallet-service to have no reliance on anything but your own servers. And, should you wish to ever move to another instance of the wallet service later, this is possible too. 
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:23:59
disclosure: I wrote the template for Bitcore to run on Azure. 
First question: I am currently running the template with all the defaults on an A2 instance. A2 is the default virtual machine in the template. It is 2 CPU cores, 3.5GB of RAM, 60GB OS disk and 150GB data disk. I wanted to make the template powerful enough to start from no blockchain and download and validate (check 100% signatures) the entire blockchain as well as index all the transactions (txindex) -and- build a address index and mempool index. A much more economical way to do this is to simply attach an already synced blockchain data disk to a cheaper VM (like A1 which is half the price). It took about $20 to go from bare metal to fully synced and indexed on an A2 instance. If you had the blockchain already, it would cost much less. I plan on running this over time to tell you more on this issue.
Second question: If you just created an Azure trial account and deployed my template with just an admin username/password and something like a 150GB data disk, you would have a generic 0.11.2 bitcoin node with tons of extras like a running Insight block explorer and an extensible platform to build blockchain apps. See 
@_date: 2016-03-18 20:53:11
I think bitpay has been working on a side chain of their own as well. I think it is called ChainDB. With major changes coming to scripts, this makes all side chains including LN much more viable.
@_date: 2016-01-26 15:52:51
thanks for the kind words. I also provide a docker hub repo for those that prefer docker.
@_date: 2016-12-28 13:09:59
So far, the plateau at $900 is dead-on correct. Over time, this article will be referenced in financial media as those who got it right. People long on bitcoin now will be tested over the coming years, but they should think of themselves as pioneers. Hodlers, don't lose heart. 
@_date: 2016-12-28 13:19:37
More likely, it will be usurped and/or infiltrated by government/corporate/banking cartel forces rather than outright banned. Banning is a bush league tactic by left-wing dictatorships. The US, EUR, and China would take a different route to protect the central bank.
@_date: 2015-07-03 01:20:16
I used to get miffed when people used the English language incorrectly (in translations and whatnot), but then I realized that I was American. My country decided to make up its own version of the English language. Half of what comes out of my mouth of deeply idiomatic and entirely regional. I would be terrible at writing copy in any language.
@_date: 2016-02-23 23:59:11
Someone please explain to me why someone would buy Bitcoins at such a huge mark up? People are saying they save 20-30% off their Amazon purchases. Is this just people who want Bitcoins, but have no access to Coinbase or Circle or other ways of buying retail Bitcoins? Is this people using stolen credit cards to buy stuff on your Amazon wish list? What happens if they use a stolen credit card to do this? Eventually Amazon will associate you, Purse, and the person(s) doing this; what happens then? I've used Purse.io in the very early days and it took an extra 2-3 days to release Bitcoin that I bought when I paid for someone's wishlist and they got it and said that they got it. Why would it take so long? When I was on the other side (selling Bitcoin), my buyer did not have Amazon Prime and I had to pay shipping even though I was a Prime customer; lame. Finally, is Purse still holding your Bitcoin in their wallet while the transaction is taking place. Is there a multisig option yet?
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:37:32
You definitely enlightened me on this subject. Thank you fellow human. 
@_date: 2016-02-02 02:17:33
this is what I did. 200 hours is enough to play with various settings and serve as a full node for quite a while.
@_date: 2015-04-24 01:27:22
Shawn Wilkinson gave a talk on Storj recently at the Bitcoin Atlanta meetup.  He is a great presenter. Storj has my interest to say the least.
@_date: 2015-04-01 00:58:32
so very glad you like it!
@_date: 2015-04-19 02:15:44
Fantastic release guys! Thanks for all the hard work. I can't wait for Copay to come out of beta. Great design as well.
@_date: 2017-05-18 01:01:28
I'll reply for the benefit of people not up to speed on this issue. A utxo is an unspent transaction output, in other words, it is a payment made to someone. More technically, it is an encumbrance or locking script and an amount. In order to spend this discrete output, one must create an input that spends to someone else. So, let's say someone pays me $1 in bitcoin, let's call that 0.00057143 BTC or 57,143 satoshis. At today's fee rates of 420 satoshis/byte, spending this input would cost 60,900 satoshis. These numbers are completely independent of what other inputs might also be included in the same transaction. You could spend the $1 utxo, sure, but what's the point? The other inputs' non-fee balance would need to subsidize the $1 utxo. The analogy is showing up to the bank with a pillow case full of pennies, but the bank has a policy that to accept loose change, there is a $500 fee to do so. Your pillow case ought to weigh at least 125 kilos (275 lbs) or you just lugged all that change for no reason. 
You could certainly go with a lower fee than 420 sats/byte, but if you go much lower than 100 sats/byte, your tx will not be relayed. So, you will need to go straight to miner's web portal to submit the tx (if they have one), but all in all, your tx goes to the back of the line. It used to be that the weekends were a pretty good way to get in on cheaper fees, but as of this week, the market appears to have tightened there too.
So, for savers that are don't earn lots of money, Bitcoin becomes roach motel money, your modest earnings go in, but may not ever get out. At least not with the network we've got today. Read: please do not send people small amounts of bitcoin until we get this fee situation under control. 
If there is good news here, at least we can discount all those utxos that are unspendable and subtract them from the maximum supply giving us an effective supply. This is not possible for lost private keys (unless they are your own outputs and you are certain the keys are lost). Hey, I am making lemonade here. If we do get a layer 2 solution or a fee market that is more inclusive for these outputs, then this is also knowable.
@_date: 2016-05-03 19:02:16
some one wake me when something interesting happens. For the love of god, just do it and quit "preparing to do it"
@_date: 2015-11-09 22:49:40
Thanks for the suggestion. As of a few minutes ago,  is accepting bigger blocks ala BIP 101!
@_date: 2017-05-17 22:10:17
One of the authors of the bip here. The proposal states the block size consensus rule would adapt dynamically at the discretion of miners proportional to their hashing power (rate) within two parameters. This is a simple, effective and very consistent with proof of work in general; the chain with most "weight" is considered the active tip and other miners should mine from this block. Correspondingly, these miners should also be able to signal the network about desired block size, and respond to signals from the network such as high demand, etc.in a predictable and safe way. There is no better way to signal your intentions except by acting out your intentions. 
If you run the game theory on this, it really is the most elegant solution so far. There have been other clever ideas, but nothing that has less moving parts and more of a chance to work long-term.
I do wish that the term "spam" be redefined for our purposes in the Bitcoin community or swapped out for a more descriptive term such as low/no fee transactions. There really is no such thing as spam on the bitcoin network. Miners are collected to optimize for the largest fees and peers on the network are very selective on what goes in their mempools. Further bitcoin core does a pretty good job at banning misbehaving peers.  
Strangely, just the opposite is more of a problem. The English auction style fee market is great for miners, but could be not so good for transactors. We should worry more about people who save modest amounts of money, but soon realize they can't ever spend their savings because of high fees. They may have utxos that simply can't be spent and are rendered useless to them. If anyone has a utxo that is less than about $2 at the time of this writing, it is stuck indefinitely. Adaptive blocksize would solve this issue immediately.
@_date: 2015-10-22 23:12:13
this uses bitcoin core (what was once called Satoshi client). We took the C++ of 0.11.1, applied a small patch to make it a shared library (removed the main function), then bound that to node.js and extended it. It is not a ground up implementation.
@_date: 2015-10-22 17:39:22


Funny you should mention this. YES! and myself tried desperately to get this patch accepted upstream :)
tl;dr on that is we had a couple of NACKS (but quite a few ACKS) and the issue was dead on arrival.
@_date: 2015-10-27 16:55:28
this is a better version (IMHO) of   great idea
@_date: 2016-05-07 13:46:08
Probably less than 10 minutes if you use:
This assumes that you also want to use the Woocommerce plugin, which is good quality. So, all in all, 10 minutes to setup a BitPay account and install the plugin/configure it.
@_date: 2016-05-20 11:43:20
@_date: 2016-05-12 11:53:47
@_date: 2015-11-30 19:30:32
Consider using bitcore and running your own api locally. APIs go down all the time and you are at the mercy of devops, etc. Bitcore is ideally suited to allow anyone to run their own block explorer, backend for Copay wallet (bitcore wallet service). It is super easy to setup and use and highly supported. Best of all, it gives you a full node using bitcoind with a easy to use Javascript interface.
There is a service interface in order to easily extend insight-api, etc.
@_date: 2017-06-11 16:43:55
It seems to me that segwit2x is designed to take the wind out of the sails of UASF and avoid a hard fork. If all goes according to plan (and this is a big if), Segwit could be live before Aug. 1. At this point, what reason would anyone need to support bip 148? You might retort, we don't want the impending hard fork that is imminent 3 months later...to which I would reply: then run the bitcoin core's release (&gt;0.14.1) after segwit is activated by segwit2x. But then you might say, well there is no such release, to which I would say: there will be, there will be (think Yoda saying that to Luke in Empire Strikes Back). 
Bitcore Core WILL release new code should segwit2x be activated. This release will, conveniently, be sans a hard fork. They will then go out on the marketing circuit to encourage upgrading to it as quickly as possible to "save bitcoin" from the dreaded hard fork. I would not be surprised if they don't use phrases like "dogs and cats living together...pandemonium!"  ala Ghostbusters circa 1984.
You must realize that although that although Luke and Eric L are associated with being bitcoin developers, they don't represent Blockstream or Wlad V or Peter W. Those guys have the power to make actual bitcoin.org releases. I am not sure, at this moment they are 100% on the UASF idea. They seem more pragmatic and tactical. 
As for reorg protections with respect to Segwit2x, the risk here is that a) some proportion of the collective hashing power will suddenly see the error of their ways and suddenly decide to unilaterally start hashing on the tip of another chain. b) another chain regains the dominance in hashrate or c) there is some technical problem in one of the implementations. In cases a) and b) each block after the fork, the chances of this happening diminish non-linearly and approach zero, especially when the coinbase rewards are non-zero. If bitcoin can still be traded for goods and services at the time of the fork, then this holds. Miners would need to go against their own best interest. So, if reorgs happen, they will happen very soon after a fork or not at all. Could a miner be planning an exit from bitcoin and use this as a way to go short on bitcoin? Sure, this is possible, but as that miner's investment in bitcoin grows, so does his reluctance to think short term. The game theory does not work. As for c) This is always the most serious risk when making any change to bitcoin and the reason, I believe, that sunk Bitcoin Unlimited. This is the reason that DCG went the way that they did. Take Bitcoin Core's seemingly well-tested code and add a very thin patch for the 2MB hard-fork by Jeff Garzik and Sergio Lerner. Both well-respected names in bitcoin and certainly up to the task. But, never the less, any changes to bitcoin are a significant risk. Adding weird business logic to the patch adds non-linear complexity that only one implementation could take advantage of. When bitcoin core makes new releases going from 0.14.1 to 0.14.2, they don't add reorg protection, even when they introduce consensus changes (forks). Even changes that are not thought to be consensus changes lead can mistakenly become forks (lookup the hard fork that happened when we went from Berkeley DB to Level DB 0.7 to 0.8). 
As for replay protection, I think there is more agreement that this is the dangerous threat to bitcoin users (people that actually transact). If we get to 80% of miners supporting one chain at the beginning of a retargeting period, then both chains' difficulty can't reset until &gt; 2016 blocks unless at least one implementation changes their consensus rules regarding this. Doing so would give them (and any attackers equal opportunity). If you make the assumption for a second that no one changes the retargeting rules, then block times for all chains will increase, but the 20% chain will change more drastically of course. 10 minute block times could turn into 50-60 minute block times for a number of weeks. The 80% chain will have 10-20 minute block times, but possibly more because the majority chain will lend a percentage of its hash rate to hash on the other chain in order to mine empty blocks in the attempt to starve both users making transactions and the original minority chain's miners. So for an added 10-20 minutes on the majority chain's block times, you get a force multiplier of leverage on the minority chain to starve them out. So, unless the minority miners have very large margins or a huge pile of resources, they will be very negatively affected and will, likely, capitulate within the retargeting period. To add insult to injury, the majority chain proceeds gathered by merchants and majority miners will be dumped onto the market strategically to keep that coins price as low as possible. There will be a market for these chains coins, for sure, and speculation around these coins further advances the fork. I don't think you are going to see merchants offering to return the minority chain's coins should some one spend pre-fork bitcoin with them. This is not in their best interest long term. The best thing for them to do is publicly state that they support one chain (and only one chain) and that bitcoin is the chain with the most work given that the other consensus rules hold. 
It is, however, in the best interest of both exchanges and wallet providers (to a lesser extent) to trade both coins and make the distinction for pre-fork utxos. So, the big question mark is how many wallet providers and exchanges can the USAF crowd scare into ensuring they capitalize on the fork? Merchants are already taking heat for siding one way or the other and not taking a side is also not acceptable to the USAF crowd. I think that miners know if they give in to the USAF propaganda, we will get segwit, but NEVER get a block size increase past the effect increase eventually supplied by segwit. What they will get is a layer 2 that cuts them out of the equation, eventually. Of course, there will be high fees on layer 1 because large orgs will still want to settle on this layer, but as Lightning Network hubs compete to open payment channels to support layer 2, they will crowd out even the whales that see fit to pay $10000 for a single tx. Eventually, these layer 2 hubs will sport names like Citibank and Bank of America. But, it is still better than what central banking gives us now, right? Wrong, once the banking cartel locks up layer 2, then who needs layer 1 any more? That's conspiracy talk! Well, then just take a look at what happened in our own path to central banking, it is eerily familiar. The Federal Reserve comes into existence in 1913 creating the banking cartel (Citibank, BofA, etc.). Then in the 1930's the US government seizes the public's gold (layer 1/Bitcoin). Think of this action as forcing everyone on to the Lightning network. Then in the 1970's we went off the gold standard altogether. Think of this as turning off the last bitcoin miner.  
The degree to which replay protection is needed is directly proportional to the degree to which you believe the fork will persist long term. Hacking in replay protection into new code has limited overall capabilities. The mere fact that bitcoin has two chains to begin with is much more of an existential problem for bitcoin.  
Segwit2x seems like a compromise to me, but then again, the Hong Kong agreement seemed like a compromise too and we know what happened with that. The fact that interested parties have the ability to gather and hash out a plan and have that plan be implemented network-wide does not bode well for the future of a decentralized system, to be quite frank, but it is leagues better than rubber stamping the current regime's plan to hold bitcoin to artificial constraint so that they can release their company's solution (Lightning Network). If you buy into bitcoin's promise of decentralization and incentive structure, then you have to go back to basics and reevaluate the urge to join a team. I am not in on team Bitcore Core, USAF or Segwit2x. I am interested in what it takes to actually make changes to bitcoin because if bitcoin is fortunate enough to grow, then almost every change is likely to be a bitter debate. I am also very disappointed in the discourse so far. Most of the talk around these issues is very uninformed and lacks recent historical context and I think certain people's egos and agendas get in the way.  We do have the opportunity to read the code, check the changelogs and examine the blockchain for real behavior and then make informed decisions.