@_author: titanbitcoin
@_date: 2014-06-05 02:24:44
Ah, the Chinese entrepreneurial spirit in action.  Make a low quality ripoff and resell.  At least it looks different enough from the real thing that nobody is going to accidentally think it's genuine.  That QR code is from our model coin that is in the photo on the website.
As an aside, I've been trying to get these taken down for a while now.  We are probably going to have to file a lawsuit against eBay to get these to go away.   
@_date: 2014-01-04 13:27:30
I realize this is a month old, but I just wanted to say that this article was not written by us.  It was written by a journalist who was reading a press release written for us by a PR company we work with.  It's easy to be confused when people are talking about a product, and assume they are agents of "The Company", so I don't blame anyone for thinking we were claiming to have created the first physical bitcoin.  The intro to that article certainly makes it sound that way. 
In this case, I wasn't in the loop on that article being published.  The concept of physical bitcoins is new to people that are just learning about bitcoins, and apparently it was new to this journalist?  
@_date: 2014-04-18 01:26:44
The private key coins we sell work basically like Casascius coins designed for coin collectors.  We don't do BIP38 because these coins get resold frequently.  If the private key is encrypted and the coin changes hands a few times, there's nothing we can do for the current owner if the password they were given doesn't work for whatever reason when they go to redeem.  If you want BIP38 cold storage, a paper wallet that you print yourself is probably the best option right now.
@_date: 2014-04-18 01:52:03
As I mentioned below, we don't do BIP38 because these coins get resold frequently. If the private key is encrypted and the coin changes hands a few times, there's nothing we can do for the current owner if the password they were given doesn't work for whatever reason when they go to redeem. If you want BIP38 cold storage, a paper wallet that you print yourself is a better option.
@_date: 2013-10-31 03:34:30
A lot of the design behind these coins was aimed at improving upon what Mike Caldwell is doing with Casascius coins.  If you don't like physical bitcoins, then it's certainly not for you. No question there.  
For me, I've found that physical bitcoins are an excellent way to keep coins in cold storage in that it actually adds another level of value to your bitcoins (collectible value / scarcity) .  On top of that, it unequivocally communicates that bitcoins are real to people who find the concept abstract (95% of the population).  If you've engaged with as many people as I have over the years and tried to communicate the beauty of bitcoin, this point is HUGE.  When its physical, people just seem to get it.  There's neuroscience to back that up.
We do offer coins with private keys on them and we also offer coins that track ownership.  The ownership tracking is a response to the sale of counterfeit physical bitcoins and the the recent hacking of the Casascius coins.  It solves those problems.
 
@_date: 2013-10-31 03:44:35
"Better than buying a piece of metal ;-) But hey if you're a numa-whatchacall it (had to look it up), enjoy your hobby."
Coin collecting is often much more than just a hobby.  It's a lucrative form of investment if you know what you're doing.  
In regards to the value of buying a piece of metal, Artwork has a value. I'm sure the previous owner of Alberto Giacometti's sculpture “L’Homme qui marche I” was happy to have bought that particular piece of metal.  
It sold for over $100 million dollars.
