@_author: titanbtcscam
@_date: 2019-01-09 13:13:39
Sadly i would like to say that security issue based on TitanBTC 2FA coins turns out to be a scam.
Why i am telling this?
Let me exlpain real quick so there won't be any speculating.
TitanBTC were reported for scam/fraud in bitcointalk ( i believe most of you know the forum) for 2FA coins security break.
For what break i am talking about? Lets talk about that.
Lets say you want to become owner of TitanBTC 2FA coin.
TitanBTC itself confirmed that those coins have nothing on them (not privatekey funded).
So they are selling you just a shiny metal with 2FA code on it.
Those 2FA codes require manual unload with person from their website.
Which also means that you actually own nothing but sending 2FA code to someone from their teamonfirm they own you a crypto value.
Which also means they hold your crypto value in their own storage, so you actually have nothing....
Because we all know.. Not your private key not your coin.
Anyway lets continue, so if you want to become owner of 2FA coin, and u want to buy it from previous owner there is problem.
Recently TitanBTC allowed previous owner of 2FA coin to gain access to the coin he already sold to another member and letting him go thru their security checks just like that.
TitanBTC did not request the required verifications which is noted in [
TitanBTC did not request coin password and email and let the previous owner to steal the value from the coin.
That's how they didn't follow their own rules and let previous owner to steal the value of the coin with out dated infos and leave the new owner with empty hands.
Also TitanBTC refused to pay the new owner who were the only one one who had all the required info to unload the card.
By that way they not only let someone pass thru their security checks but also scam the new coin owner for not refunding the coin value which they let to be unloaded.
Long story short:  Via complicated   which will be explain to their report link i will provide down, previous owner gain access with out dated information about his coin which was already sold to another member.
If you are person who going to buy 2FA TitanBTC please read this before being scammed.
Make sure you check this before anything ---- [
@_date: 2019-01-09 00:40:53
No matter you believe or not TitanBTC is scam, they have security issue that letting old owners of 2FA coins to scam the people they re-selling the coin.
So if you are person who bought 2FA coin from someone, then the previous owner  can gain access to your coin with old dated information he had for his original purchase.