@_author: titanecon
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:29:43
I think the idea is that maintenance shops can provide updates, dealers, and inspectors, can all confirm when the truck is ran through there system that nothing has changed. I think it’s more than just DOT inspections although I see what you mean. There is actually a lot of data in the trucking business and maintenance is quite complicated compared to consumer vehicles 
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:34:46
Well I’m not sure, could be helpful to mix and match what works. Trucking has been slow to adapt to IT so a lot of opportunity there imo
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:01:51
I usually try to say “a blockchain” or using “the blockchain” for a certain particular purpose, say, keeping track of DOT inspections to make sure truck drivers aren’t just ripping the inspection sticker off their truck or editing it 
@_date: 2017-12-02 16:16:19
Just mentioned that because I had recently read this: 
I’ve been watching Bitcoin for a few years now but am a data analyst and financial person not necessarily an  engineer. I’m also not really much of a truck person but the way they explain it to me is that the public aspect is what is helpful but I suppose a centralized public database could work as well. I think that not requiring a third party to confirm can prevent tricky business
@_date: 2017-10-27 13:53:10
I think he understands advertising and brands quite well, he is a big fan of Girard. I don't think being very logical necessarily means that you don't understand emotions. Schiff? Yeah, he seems like a gold fanatic and his argument based purely on intrinsic value seems wrong to me.
@_date: 2017-10-26 16:26:30
People should be paying more attention to this. Peter Thiel is someone who chooses his words very very carefully and knows a significant amount about what is going on in macroeconomics, financial systems, and information technology. Funny, I was just talking to my friend last night about how Thiel’s endorsement would be important and today, this. From what I understand he wants a payment system in addition to Bitcoin, something more along the lines of PayPal, something more palatable to you’re everyday consumer. Now he seems to be recommending it more as a reserve currency and store of value. Given his strong libertarian leanings and things he has said in the past along the lines of “waiting for someone to come and build the machinery that ensures the continued operation of capitalism” make me think he is choosing not to say to much in order to not bring about the wrong kind of attention. 