@_author: titoual
@_date: 2014-08-23 22:36:22
please sponsor
@_date: 2014-08-24 18:18:56
There is actually a lck of helicopter pilots! You cannot compare fixed wing and rotor craft employment prospects! 
If crowdfunding was available at the time you were trying to finance your training, your telling le that you would not have tried? Yeah right.
I understand your point of view but I don't agree. I have a dream that until now I have been unable to finance, I am even trying to get a second and even third job, but up until now no look. There is very little part time employment here!
Like I said if I had another way of funding this I would be more than happy to take it, but this is the last option. I have always paid my way and my dues, but this time I need a push and a little help, that's all.
@_date: 2014-08-23 23:21:50
I don't agree entirely, crowdfunding also helps those that don't have the means to better themselves, to do exactly that, by funding training when no other funding is available, and being on a minimum wage just doesn't leave any other way out or way of funding. Any funding received will be redonated once I have secured a pilot job and I will be paying 10% of my pay for the 1st two years to others in the same situation through crowdfunding. We don't all come from priviliged backgrouds ot born with silverspoons, some of us have to work hard for dismal pay... Is it wrong to want to better ones self and one future? what would you do in my position? I have already sold most of my possesions and am in the process of selling my car and have bought a bike to get around, but withour external funding I cannot change my future or help others to chnage theirs in the future.
@_date: 2014-08-23 22:58:37
Yes, I want to train to get my CPL and become a medevac pilot. As there is no funding availble for this training as I have more than 26 years of age the only way to fund the training is to pay for it myself, and that is out of my league ( I work for minimum wage ). I will also use any unused funds to crowdfund others that want to follow the same route butare unable to for the same reasons as me. I am also going to donate at least 10% of my salary for the first 2 years of employment as a medevac pilot so that I give back through crowdfunding the sam help that I hope to receive.
@_date: 2014-08-23 23:31:59
And just how many of your bitcoins have you donated to the starving?
I give 20€ a month to the red cross from my already stretched finances and have done so for the last 10 years, it's not a lot but at least it's something.
Oh btw getting something for nothing, isn't that a bit like bit mining? No bit mining is greed which is worse than what I am trying to do.
@_date: 2014-08-26 07:16:33
So some more infor for you:
SO I have been applying for part time jobs so that I can pay this thing myself, wihtout help andguess what I found out? I can't work more than 48 hours per week, anything after that in France is illegal!!! so even if I did get a part time job for the 10 hours a week I can do extra this is no way near enough to pay a loan or even pay for the training myself. I was wandering why I was not getting any responses to my applications. I also don't qualify for FONGECIF funds as this is not recognised by them as a career enhancement or personal development and I cannot find any other funding here. So if you don't think crowdfunding is not the answer then please offer me an alternative, I am all ears (for Info I don't have any family I can ask and my friends all earn more or less the same as me). any practical suggestions would be happily received.
