@_author: tiv3
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:11:32


More than fiat currency, it is government's ability to say what is property of who, that supports government services. Also I wouldn't say that there's an enormous welfare state. It's rather small compared to the amount of property that government choses to have in the exclusive domain of some private actors without due compensation towards the commons.
@_date: 2018-02-05 20:09:02


Fiat money often refers to private banks, private borrowers and private lenders agreeing for there to be leverage based credit money. Why one would conflate voluntary agreement with whether something is fiat or not is not clear to me, either. Care to elaborate?
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:32:46


At that point, I'm pretty hopeful that we'll in quick succession pass something like basic income and a reform of 'inflation' based economy that ensures that the baseline income we all enjoy gets to maintain a stable size compared to net volume of sovereign money. Because it's supposed to be stable in its usefulness to access property, particularly property that was not created by man as explicit result of a market transaction (land property in the broad sense). At least that's what I demand, politically. I'm just not too hyped to go for a setup where unaccountable use of violence supersedes democratic decree on its use, as this removes all varieties of people further from the things that they can use by nature, by a factor of chance. (edit: This is where I see an-caps potentially head; though I don't think people are all too hot on abolishing democratic accountability in violence use. If anything, we'd want more of that accountability. And more deliberation in good faith about its use and about what is public, what is private property.)
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:09:26
Just some theoretical perspective to ponder on: Bitcoin is a type of fiat, just like gold, in the sense that without man to call it money, it is not. It is thus created out of thin air, from faith of man, that it be money, and for those who happen to hold most of it when man choses it to be to get ahead.
Due to the feature of 'hard' currencies to reward whoever hoarded most of it in advance or during the run of the currency, it's usual for people to either decouple currency issuing from the base asset privately (leveraged banking loans) or go for social currency in the first place (sovereign issuing rights; whoever provides and enforces titles to property can always chose to print money, without having to fear the value fall. Can always attach a requirement to destroy money in the process of the continued private holding or exchange of property, too. (taxes)).
Of course hard currencies can be useful stores of value. Just like people buy trenchcoats in videogames. Though the decentralized ledger feature is nice with e.g. bitcoin.
edit: some fleshing out.
@_date: 2018-02-05 14:44:10


Fiat means out of thin air/arbitrarily. You could also say 'as a matter of governance'. Then, gold = money is a matter of governance, as well. People decreed as a matter of governance they're afforded without formal government, that they want to store value in it.


Arguably. In the sense that all governance is derived from subjects awarding authority/value to rules. Governance as a will based project. Basically classic liberal state theory. (edit: Locke and so on. Also basis for classical economics and property. Subjective theory of value builds on that.)
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:13:26
Also note that when people talk about fiat money today, they seem to refer to banking based issuing? While technically it's credit, it is the 'money' that banks issue on behalf of (actual) money owners with leverage, to ensure people with good business ideas can try these ideas, fueling competition for wages, expanding customer demand (As much as these seems to increasingly not happen), fueling interest payment for the actual money owner, fueling a personal profit for the entrepreneur.
Debt fiat is not explicitly issued by formal government, it's merely supported as best as possible. Growth capitalism is all about that: Exponential expansion of bank credit volume over time.
More of a matter of governance than government. It takes owners who want to lend out the money they hold in such a way, it takes entrepreneurs who see customers who could spend more to service greater interest payments.
Explicit government fiat issuing is rather restricted ever since the 1970s.
@_date: 2018-02-05 21:08:50




I can decree something and it doesn't mean it's not voluntary. It's only in effect with the people who respect my authority. Part of a mutual agreement can be the ability to decree certain things within a spectrum of things.


Not necessarily. A government can decree that something be money, while leaving other things be money, too.


Not all governments do. Democratic governments don't. Because they know that more than gold or bitcoin, people want a currency that is useful to keep track of labor contributions. Gold and bitcoin both fail with regard to this if they are money, as they infinitely reward accumulation, then.
Thanks for clearing up the terminology though!
@_date: 2018-02-05 11:52:00


I'm rather doubtful about the bitcoin tie-in. Whoever manages to pick up most bitcoin today gets to win out on issuing rights in the future? Seems a little arbitrary. :D
Why not make it an equal right based on personhood?
Also, Exchange Traded Funds are pretty interesting as well. Owning em provides property in the ventures that own the patents and mind-share that are increasingly central to our economy. That's 'nice to have'.
@_date: 2018-02-05 15:26:33
Fiat is fiat as a matter of someone taking it to mean a proxy for something else, without the base having intrinsic value. While gold is technically disqualified by that textbook definition, fair point! There's a more abstract point to make that anything has a base value regardless of the status as currency, though. As long as it is recorded. In a sense, bitcoin makes this point interestingly: It's main 'intrinsic value' is the decentrally distributed complete transaction record.
Taxing and provision of property titles by the issuing body of course can increase adoption rate. Or a lack of awareness about who benefits from currency adoption most in the long run.
