@_author: tjaeng
@_date: 2018-08-08 17:26:50
And then everyone wants to be the first one to sell their newly bought 1btc after everyone else have pushed the price up by buying their own 1btc... 
Your suggestion betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of how humans operate. 
@_date: 2018-06-23 09:10:14
You’re confusing exocrine pancreatic cancer (which has a short life expectancy) and what Jobs had which was a neuroendocrine tumor that has a 95%+ cure rate. And he managed to die from it. So yeah, he didn’t have a fucking clue about what he was doing with the cancer. 
Eating fruits and hippie remedies up until you get to the point where you need a goddamn liver transplant and then die is not a smart move. 
@_date: 2018-06-14 05:27:07
Also Investment funds don’t usually use titles like CFO and COO (seeing as you don’t need separate C-suite people to do both when your operations are also your financials). And why the hell was he supposedly presenting to those and not CIOs? 
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:48:15
The biggest loser is the idiot who doesn’t understand percentages.
@_date: 2018-04-05 10:03:01
Right. And what happens if there is a predictable deflationary pressure on the currency? People hoard the currency instead of consuming or investing, creating more deflation. Out of all of Bitcoins problems the idea of a build-in deflationary spiral is perhaps the most problematic. 
@_date: 2018-12-02 10:46:53
Every single physician and, in fact, any person with basic knowledge of how blood testing works knows that you can run almost anything on a small volume of capillary blood. Theranos ”tech” was not ground-breaking in any way whatsoever. The reason testing for electrolyte balance, creatinine and other stuff Theranos claimed to be able to do with Edison wasn’t and itsn’t done with small capillary samples is because pricking a finger and randomly squeezing out a drop of blood gives you a sample contaminated with interstitial fluid, broken red blood cells and thus deranged electrolyte concentrations. This results in wildly fluctuating and inaccurate readings when analyzed. Hence instances where Theranos samples that led to Potassium readings which were so high that they would be indicative of imminent cardiac arrest, but then showing completely normal readings when re-done with proper venous sampling. Oh, that, and the fact that they we’re sending their already sub-par samples from Arizona to Silicon Valley by ordinary mail courier, and then diluting the blood samples and running most of the advertised tests on Siemens machines designed for venous sampling, again giving crap readings that were useless at best and leading to patient hazard at worst. Theranos and Holmes deserved every single criticism and comeuppeance that they got. 
@_date: 2018-12-02 08:43:38
Are you fucking kidding me? There’s a reason not a single VC firm with actual experience in health/pharma wanted to touch Theranos with a thirty foot pole, and that the board was filled with a bunch of retired politicians and militaries but not a single researcher. Holmes got hounded for years to actually produce any kind of research data, and when she finally did thousands of experts at the American Association for Clinical Chemistry meeting laughed her out of the room for being so terrible. The ”tech” was always non-existent and the entire company was a pre-meditated fraud. 