@_author: tkoborny
@_date: 2014-03-29 11:23:12
Yes I did but didn't get any help there.  I was able to use a backup and create a new wallet.  I think moved my bitcoins to coinbase.  I still couldn't get blockchain to send the authorization to my email so that I could log in, even with the new wallet.
@_date: 2014-04-26 11:26:42
What I've found out since I posted is that sellusbitcoin.com uses stolen credit card information to pay for the bitcoins through various sources then when the rightful owner of the stolen account files a fraud complaint and the funds are reversed the scammers claim that it's an error on the financial institutions part and there is nothing they can do and suggest that you deal with them directly to remedy the error.  I only lost 2 btc but these people have no morals and the potential to steal much more from unsuspecting individuals trying to get btc changed to $ quickly.  I'm posting on the popular Bitcoin forums.  Please feel free to use any information I provided to warn people against using this particular company to exchange their bitcoin.  The few days I have to wait for a coinbase transaction to hit my bank is nothing compared to losing what lititle bitcoin I have.  I know that I have no chance of recovering the funds or the bitcoin and I really don't want to see anyone else lose bitcoin to these people.  
@_date: 2014-03-28 03:23:21
My email no longer works for my blockchain account.  I can't get it to email the 2nd auth code to me.  It says it emails it but the email never shows up.  I think someone has hijacked my account and change the info and email.  I can't get any help from blockchain so I'm taking it to the sacramento media for help. I had just about $20,000 worth of btc that was for my daughter to continue on for her masters.  Blockchain doesn't care.  I've tried to contact their security and the emails come back undeliverable.  Customer service sends a link and says use another browser and that's it.  Their security sucks and they try and fool everyone into thinking that they actually have security. I'm running with this and I'm taking it all the way. Bitcoin is hot right now in news and this is newsworthy enough to make blockchain uncomfortable.  