@_author: tlalexander
@_date: 2017-12-15 00:28:41
I remember when they were $12 and a friend was like “want a bitcoin?” and I was all “uh I guess but you really don’t have to.”
I set up that wallet in 2012 and recently learned that while I did send him the address way back when, my lukewarm response never prompted him to give me one. 
@_date: 2017-12-15 18:21:02
I never learn. 
@_date: 2015-04-02 07:47:41
"Live Free or Die" is the original phrase, from 1809.
@_date: 2015-02-01 01:49:10
Wow, people are really fuckin negative here.
I absolutely think some kind of theoretically anonymous wireless service would be a good idea. I think the primary need here is for cellular type access though, not laptop web browsing. People seem happy enough to go to a coffee shop or buy a hotspot if all they want is data, but what I want is a way to live without being tracked.
I've thought about how you could build a simple open source wireless access point with a Bluetooth bridge to a modern cell phone. You could physically remove the cellular radio and have all your data go through this Bluetooth to long range wireless link. Data rates would be very poor I would imagine but if your primary concerns are text messaging and possibly voice, it could be a good way to free yourself from our cellular overlords.
I am a one man startup building an open source wireless radio board with an ARM chip, hardware crypto and 1km+ range. Amplifiers exist that would give it 10km+ range. I've been interested in building out the 10km version, but I'm just barely at the stage of shipping out my kicjstarter rewards and a lot of software still needs to be written. The board runs Arduino and is built for internet of things, wireless sensor networks, and robotics, but it could also serve as a short range prototype for a new kind of open cellular service.
Ultimately I'd like to see a group form that pushes the FCC to open up some more wireless spectrum for free use. They're auctioning off a lot of spectrum to the highest bidder right now, but the taxpayers could use their own open band for cellular type use. Then we could build a radio based off of LTE type technology and really free ourselves from the absurd monthly bills levied on us by wireless carriers.
Google is doing a new wireless thing that might drive prices down though, by making a phone that uses both T-Mobile and Sprint and switching to whichever is best at any time.
But bitcoin would be a great way for people who want to extend public networks with their own hardware to get some money for their efforts.
I'm focused on building some 3D printable robotics right now but I do live in the bay and am passionate about wireless and freedom. If you wanna shoot the shit some time we should get in contact. My email is my username at gmail.
@_date: 2015-02-01 21:13:29
Thanks! It would be pretty excellent, but it would take a lot of work to get the FCC to actually work for the people. Just look at the struggle for net neutrality.
I'd love to do it though. :-)
@_date: 2015-02-14 01:14:21
Wow, there are really serious limits on what Android developers can do, that blows.
Also I have a question that I may as well ask here: are wallets generated on android now considered secure? Or should I generate a wallet elsewhere?
I really want to get into bitcoin but I want to make sure I do it in a secure way. Also I downloaded the bitcoin app for Linux and it seems to be taking a very long time to download the block chain. Does Comcast throttle bitcoin activity?
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:11:42
All spectrum is regulated. Only certain people are allowed to use certain frequency bands, and even those who are authorized are required to use equipment that behaves a specific way. Avoiding interference and using the spectrum efficiently are important parts of the regulation.
There are currently a few bands set aside for consumer use in one way or another. Some are for TV broadcasting or cordless phones (specific use), and some are general use like 902-928MHz and the 2.4GHz and 5.8GHz bands.
We'd want one like the cordless phone bands, where there is an open specification and any device can operate in that frequency as long as it follows the rules. The rules would be derived from the way cellular equipment already works to share the airwaves. This would include frequency hopping and some kind of time domain sharing.
If things got really crowded the network could slow down, but there is plenty of capacity in a given air space to support thousands of users at speeds sufficient for text and voice.
Certainly interference is an important consideration for wireless systems but it is something we can engineer around with great success. This isn't the old analog days where we sit on one band and take up a few megahertz. You can hop frequencies 200 times a second and do microsecond time synchronization.
Unfortunately all of this would require some concern for an area of the market that won't generate as much money as cellular service does.
You could possibly win over the manufacturers though by showing them that in a system without wireless carriers, they become the powerful actors. I'm sure the chip manufacturers would love to have direct access to consumers rather than selling to carriers. Though right now its all a cash cow and an open band would drive prices down.
It would be great for consumers, but our leadership only wants to do things for corporations so I doubt it would happen.
Too bad. It would be great if a $20 device with no monthly fee could provide critical voice and text communications for cash strapped Americans. Hell, they make modern cell phones as cheap as $12 in China and this would be the same hardware.
@_date: 2015-02-01 10:16:26
Yeah, you're correct. It seems like it was just an uninformed comment. This definitely can be done as existing cell phones already do it. Verizon can do whatever they want with their spectrum (well, that's probably not true but assume it is). Whatever Verizon or whoever does that works, require the phones to do that. A mesh component would be incredible too.
@_date: 2015-02-01 02:20:14
But bigger money costs even more!