@_author: tlorey823
@_date: 2018-01-25 11:13:49
NO! Get out of here with your well-articulated, reasonable assessments of fallacy and demonstrable economic realities!  
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:44:54
Nope. People buying and holding bitcoin is not the same as it being tangible. It could still be a good investment, but don’t mistake that for it being a tangible thing of intrinsic value. It has some value as a transactional technology, but that’s not why most people bought into it. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 22:58:36
I understand the argument — it’s a very common claim about why block chain currency is superior to government backed fiats. I just disagree that that’s where the value of bitcoin is actually being derived from. I’m sorry if I confused intrinsic valuation with tangibility, because I realize that’s not what you meant, but I think they are related enough to talk about in the same way here. 
I’m not trying to put bitcoin down, but I think that it’s important to recognize that bitcoin has value because bitcoin has value — at least to a lot of people buying it as investment. Ik this sub hates this term, but that’s really classic bubble-behavior. The only point I was hoping to make was that it’s market-price is based on speculation and guessing about what will happen next, not necessary the benefits of using cryptos as a form of exchange. I think there is definitely some intrinsic value in that, but it’s not 14k as the market currently has btc valued at. 
I think that claim is well supported by the volatility btc compared to its market cap, which is not what would be expected of a commodity that has a more stable and understood use. People who are buying hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of btc aren’t doing so because they want to use btc to make purchases of that amount, and they’re not even doing it as a store of value because the price is so unstable. They’re betting that the price will go up, based only on the knowledge that the price has gone up before. That’s not intrinsically derided value, that’s speculative. It’s not bad, but it’s an important distinction that I think is getting lost here. 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:41:45
either give an alternative, explain where OP is wrong, or stfu and don’t be a douche :) 
@_date: 2017-12-22 20:33:23
People are just salty. Your analysis isn’t bad. Bitcoin and block tech are good and innovative, but it reached the point where it was more about investment instead of using the technology. 
People buy bitcoin because it goes up in price. When it goes down, people don’t want to buy it for the same reason, and the price goes down even more from people trying to sell. A lot of people here are hardcore hodling, but that doesn’t mean most people are more shaky than that. I don’t know what it’ll reach, I don’t know when or how it’ll rebound, but this type of dip is the other side of the coin to the “to the moooon” mentality. 