@_author: tmccoy00
@_date: 2017-12-17 21:21:08
The problem with paper wallets is you potentially expose the private key and that is all that is needed to access the coins by anyone. You really need to store any serious value paper wallets in a safe and in multiple locations in case of fire.
Hardware wallets improve this by having PIN protection with automatic wiping of the device if you enter too many wrong PINs. However, storing the restoration keywords on paper aren't much better than a paper wallet unless you have a photographic memory or a cypher or split storage method you can trust with your partner or family.
Hardware wallets seem to be the way to go at the moment.
There are some new options like "cryptosteel" from Ledger but it's starting to get a little silly and we are just moving the point of security failure around.
@_date: 2014-01-24 20:11:39
If the book is freely available from a common trusted source, like Amazon or your own website, then basically everyone will download it from there and have the original correct barcode.
The alternative is to again post a checksum on your own website that could be used to confirm the copy is the same as the original, but 99% of people wouldn't bother.
@_date: 2014-01-03 11:24:29
Losses in the Transmission Network are single digit percentages, and power is already being transmitted to the cities and is used in plants like aluminum smelter factories that use orders of magnitude more energy than a bitcoin mining farm ever would. Your concept is flawed - research is already constantly looking for cheaper energy - and bitcoin is just a technology that can take advantage of cheaper energy - but does not itself drive energy research investment. Our hunger for energy far exceeds just the demands of bitcoin.
There is a chance that Bitcoin has already reached most of its energy efficiency with available technology with ASIC Miners. Having excess generation capacity in a country like Iceland does mean energy is likely cheaper and thus more cost efficient. However, faster, more power efficient Mining machines are probably a better way to improve mining profitability.
@_date: 2014-01-02 00:47:00
Thanks and good point about the accountant - although it's all still such a grey area from the Australian Tax Office's point of view, I'm taking the conservative approach and just treating the Bitcoin payment as a real cash payment. So I'll do a real-time exchange rate comparison and get the amount of Bitcoin the equivalent to the rate, including GST. My current process is to have the person send this to my Android Wallet so I can confirm on the spot, and then I can transfer to my cooler storage.
I'm in the advantageous position of this being a small side business and not my primary job. Then I will need to declare GST and Income as normal, and thus consider paying those amounts directly out of my normal cash income or exchange the necessary amounts back out once a quarter to make my tax payments.
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:32:49
You don't have to buy a whole bitcoin - you can buy in with what you want (usually with some real cash minimum and maximum). So if you have $100 you buy in at about 0.1 BTC today.
There are plenty of alternate coins, and my view is they don't have vendor acceptance yet so are impossible to use except to speculate on - just as we are doing with bitcoin.
I had a good initial return on Litecoin and like the look of Peercoin but you need to do some reading to make your own mind up.
Right now the best method of getting alternate coins appears to be trading BTC to the others at the various exchanges.
@_date: 2013-12-02 12:14:03
I used the same back twice in a week now, but no comments and only smooth transactions.
How ironic that a Bitcoin journey should start with a visit to a physical bank!
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:20:22
Yep - as a human without years of trading experience, play the long game, not the short one. There have been and are likely more opportunities to ride a wave upwards and make some reasonable short term gains, but you won't outdo and bots.
@_date: 2013-11-29 01:12:33
My view is that Bitcoin is the one that has gone the longest way towards adoption. I too have traded and speculated on Litecoin but most of these altcoins have basically not accepted by any vendors, so exchanging to BTC or Cash is about the only way to use them today.
I do believe there will be multiple coins just like foreign currency today, but too many will make widespread adoption more difficult - so I believe there will only be a few in the end.
@_date: 2013-11-29 09:24:27
If there was malware installed and the bootable Linux somehow copied passwords or keys into a runnable script of the hard drive of the computer which then gets loaded when you reboot the PC into normal online mode, then it's possible but incredibly unlikely!
So not entirely purpose defeating.
@_date: 2013-11-28 07:11:09
Bitcoin is a digital currency that has sky-rocketed in price. A couple of years ago a "Bitcoin" was worth $1. Right now, it's worth nearly $1,000. So those people that "mined" (ran software to process transaction data) or exchanged real money have seen their $1 "buy in" 2-3 years ago turn into $1,000 today.
One reason a currency valuable because it's everyone in your country accepts it. People also want to buy things that are precious (gold, silver, etc) because they think someone will pay them more for it in the future. Bitcoin is still extremely young, and thus only handfuls of vendors will actually accept it as payment for things.
The market of exchanging real money for the virtual bitcoin is extremely volatile and it is everyone betting that bitcoin may one possible future of "money". Thus if everyone wants something, and is willing to pay for it, the price goes up until people think it's too expensive.
Right now, people still see value in getting bitcoin and new people are coming on board, thus the market is extremely high and may or may not continue to grow.
Go sleep, then READ FAQ AGAIN!
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:17:58
Don't invest what you can't afford to lose - and students usually can't afford to lose much! So maybe have one less beer or coffee this week instead :)
You don't need to buy a whole BTC - and there is talk of going to a smaller unit size which is academic but it's already possible to buy in with as little as $10. You might not make a million dollars, but some of the 10-20% short terms gains MIGHT mean tomorrow's coffee is free!
@_date: 2013-12-02 08:29:37
I've used  twice in the last week successfully. I'm also a coinjar user but have only transferred a small amount to test their sell process - which seemed to work fine! They also have an over the counter buy process, and just announced a couple of rounds of funding, so are getting some backing.
+1 for coinjar
@_date: 2013-11-28 01:51:23
Ok, have linked my bank account, which results in at least a one day lag to see the reference code submitted in a $0.01 transaction. I also note we will be required to register identity document copies much like MtGox, so this might be a bottleneck for the next round of adopters.
I do like the interface and single place for buy/sell/manage, 
@_date: 2013-12-02 12:09:33
You give coinjar money, they give you bitcoins in the online wallet. You can transfer those bitcoins anywhere you like, including a paper wallet.
@_date: 2013-12-02 20:45:35
I like where this train of thought leads.
Right now, we have a level of privacy for our Salary and financial status as only you have access to your bank account. You can currently give out your account number for people to deposit (and basically make it public information) but no one else has access to see the balance.
This changes a lot with bitcoin. Say I have publicly listed an address for donations or even as an address for a friend to pay me for dinner. As soon as you can link someone to an address, the trail begins. Then if say I have another more secret account that I only give to my employer for my salary, so in theory only HR could look up that address on Blockchain and see my balance, or at least the balance of my paycheck deposits.
Then go further and say I want to maintain a main working account - just like most of us do today in fiat banking. So eventually, I'm likely to transfer the money from my friend's dinner repayment into a central address - and if that friend was out of curiosity was to follow where their money went on Blockchain, they could quickly find out my current wealth, even if I'd routed those funds through a few dummy addresses - just dig down a few rabbit holes and you're likely to find the pot of gold at the end.
This isn't to say that I couldn't keep individual addresses isolated for such security and assuming they are all in the same Wallet, then AFAIK you can access the sum total of those addresses when sending bitcoin.
What I don't want to have to do is keep creating address after address. Yes it's possible - but is it really practical? I certainly don't want to update my HR records every month with a new receiving address.
And an interesting scenario is in families where people can easily get jealous of each other. If a bride and groom were to have a bitcoin wishing well (how cool) then it would be stupidly easy to look up the Blockchain for that address and see how much they were given in total. There would still be a level of anonymity in who gave which amount, but you could at least tell that someone gave X amount and let's follow their address back to the source and see how rich they are. Then there's also the aspect of jealous competing amongst family and friends over the years as to who got given the most presents for their event.
What might be likely is seeing a new form of bank that runs on the bitcoin platform but that uses centralized clearing accounts to obscure the source of the funds. For example, I tell the internet bitcoin banking system to send to address A, but the system actually first sends it to their clearing account B, which has fifty million other transactions from other users of that BitcoinBank so it would always be an account in flux but with a large enough user base, possibly too hard to trace back - or is it? Back in the example of the wedding (where I'm the snoopy jealous uncle) and assuming the deposit was made via this bank clearing account, can't I just follow the deposit back to the clearing account, and then search for the same amount deposited into that account and follow the the addresses back to he source address? His could still lead to touting "X is rich!"... Although I guess people do that today by looking at the car you drive, your jewelry and so on.... But the risk probably isn't in your jealous family, but in desperate thieves who might know (or think) you are worth X and then attack you for it.
Bitcoin might be secure and offer some unique features, but when you overlay human nature and emotion, without some improved privacy measures it might just be confined to a convenient transaction platform not a replacement for a private banking system!
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:41:47
My view in Australia is someone will want Capital Gains Tax on investment gain, and merchants accepting bitcoin and cashing out will probably one day (soon?) taxed on that as income. If the entire system operates in bitcoin without local fiat currency, then maybe only the transactions out of bitcoin might end up taxable.
@_date: 2013-11-30 00:25:16
Is this the new troll box?
You can't just create coins and it's getting harder to mine.
You can't just duplicate coins with a wallet copy.
@_date: 2013-11-28 08:32:42
Read the links in the sidebar!
@_date: 2013-11-27 22:30:01
I signed up but didn't actually transact with CoinJar yet - but am having a deeper look. It's also a matter of linking my bank account, which should be fine with only the BSB/Account number pair which is reasonably accessible data.
@_date: 2013-12-04 08:18:23
I've used  twice smoothly now.
@_date: 2013-11-30 13:31:36
I agree, but expect it the bubble to grow more before a major re-correction. It's all speculation!
@_date: 2013-12-03 20:15:21
I think you've pointed out a lot of them!
This thread had me thinking about some very interesting privacy issues that need addressing.
I think governments making restrictive laws or tax implications would massively slow adoption - but it would be on a country by country basis. CGT already seems likely and sensible, but a mechanism for claiming income if your are earning BTC and never cashing them out is an unknown void at the moment.
I also love and hate the fact this market is unregulated and being driven by speculation. However, as with a couple of cross posts, activity that would normally be illegal at a fiat stock exchange is happening without legal ramifications in Bitcoin. By this I mean he collusion or ability of people to pump and dump on the market. This could potentially be overcome by prosecuting individuals under yet to be written laws - but would be as hard as tracking down any hacker so would need a specialized group of individuals paid for (by the bitcoin community?) to find and identify them.
My view on altcoins is they are only a threat when bitcoin succeeds. Right now there are more and more altcoins trying to replicate the 500x gains seen in early bitcoin adopters. Bitcoin still appears to be the only coin with market adoption (or is far, far ahead) and everything else is speculation. I believe bitcoin is paving the way no matter what the long term outcome.
But a major technical flaw in bitcoin or the security model - such as being able to generate fake blocks and coins, or breaking the private keys would shatter the value instantly and probably see a complete market crash all the way to zero. This is why the alternate coins are good, because if such a thing was found in bitcoin and was too difficult to fix quickly (it's hard to make a worldwide user base wait a few weeks while you fix a major flaw all the while coins could be stolen) then it's possible to move over to an alternate and hope it doesn't have the same flaw.
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:47:01
Read the links in the Sidebar! -----&gt;
If you live in the US, Coinbase is extremely popular at the moment, and other options exist depending on where you live!
@_date: 2013-11-30 01:24:41
in this highly volatile market $1.20 becomes $1.20 in 24hrs, so until the market settles, it's probably all too hard to track!
@_date: 2013-11-30 07:39:54
Enable two factor authentication to prevent further withdraws (if there is anything left)?
Otherwise an email to them seems the best option.
@_date: 2013-11-28 19:20:41
Makes sense - it's all internal money to that merchant, so they can confirm and transfers fast inside their own systems. But as adoption rises, surely so to does the number of merchants and the likelihood that small businesses might just use a simple wallet?
@_date: 2013-12-03 00:37:36
Different countries flag different amounts. In Australia I believe 10k triggers anti money laundering checks, but even repeated deposits can flag you for suspicious activity.
Just be open and honest about what you're doing if it gets to that level and consider having an alternate bank account to give you access to cash if you need it!