@_author: tmflry10
@_date: 2018-01-07 02:01:27
Very fake news.
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:26:58
Good perspective - has felt like a year.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:13:27
I just withdrew everything from my vaults and off Coinbase with the 48 hour lockup expiring last night without any issues. If you look at your transaction history from the main dashboard, click on the vault withdrawal and click "View Details", does the page it takes you to ( give you any color as to what the issue is on the status part of the page on the right? Should have checkmarks next to both emails and say "cleared" on the waiting period. 
@_date: 2017-12-29 05:34:42
Given that it's a large purchase..
Assuming you have a record of them telling you to send btc to a specific btc address, and you have the record of you sending and them receiving the corresponding amount of btc (ideally with a note attached with the order number or something along those lines, but not necessary), I'd basically tell them to get their shit together and/or stop playing games. 
I'd send a sternly worded email that says "You provided this btc address as an acceptable means of payment as shown in this screenshotted email sent &lt;datetime&gt;. As you can see in this blockcypher link, I sent the funds at &lt;datetime&gt; and the transaction has &lt;x&gt; confirmations, so there is no question that the address you provided received the funds. I've fulfilled my end of this transaction per the instructions you provided - if there is an issue, it is on your end. Please escalate to a manager. I'm hopeful that this can be resolved amicably and without further delay but if my purchase isn't sent within the next week, I'll likely need to pursue this legally."
@_date: 2017-12-31 05:38:27
I use it to exchange for funds on an online poker site so that I can play big online tournament series when I'm outside of the US. Despite it being legal for a US citizen to play when they aren't physically located in the US, the US banking system has completely choked off any transactions with these sites. As a completely US-banked individual (until earlier this year), were it not for bitcoin, I wouldn't have been able to play and win a tournament for over 200k earlier this year.
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:17:19
Yeah, very odd, sorry I have no idea what the deal is in that case. 
@_date: 2017-12-28 18:48:07
Glad to hear it. I also moved everything off Coinbase (and offline entirely) after the bcash bs, and I'm hodling so no imminent need but I set up Gemini for when I do need to transact again. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:31:12
See my reply above. 
The US acting is often the first domino and you're kidding yourself if you think other countries won't be directly leaned on and/or influenced by the US taking such a step. I still lean towards thinking it isn't going to happen, but if the US does it, I'd bet a lot that others follow suit.
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:40:42
Yeah, it could go in different directions. I like Andreas' point about how in the US when people hear something is banned they trust the government and assume it's shady, but in many countries when they hear something is banned, their ears perk up and they think hmm, I ought to look into that. "Good luck banning math" is a cute retort and all, but at the end of the day until hyperbitcoinization we still need on and off ramps to the traditional financial system. If bans and significant regulations take place before we get there, it's a big problem. I'm a big btc bull but that's just the truth.
No need to read the whole post, but towards the end I point out that a lot of countries *did* follow the US' lead on gambling. The market is tiny compared to before the US ban and it's significantly harder to transact. 
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:20:52
They'd likely go about it the same way they effectively shut down the online poker industry. They criminalized processing payments to online poker sites, not online poker itself. This meant you could no longer send money directly from your bank account or credit card to online poker sites, so online poker sites began relying on third-party payment processors to get around it. 
Instead of a deposit to an online poker site, you'd be charged by a payment processor for "purchasing golf balls"  or other stuff like that. This mis-categorization is a circumvention of the law, so the government came after these payment processors and would shut them down and take the money, and the fact that it was illegal attracted increasingly shady actors who would sometimes just run away with the funds and there wasn't really anything the poker sites could do since you don't really run to the authorities to complain about someone shortchanging you in an illegal act. 
This caused the cost of processing deposits to skyrocket, and a couple of the sites responded by fronting players money that they were actually never able to collect, which is why some of the sites weren't able to repay players when the FBI finally charged the sites themselves and fully choked them off from the US market. 
Before that happened, the big winning players continued to play, but it became much harder for the average recreational losing player to get money onto the sites, so it was much less attractive to play as a whole. The corollary here would be that wealthy individuals who want a safe harbor would still find a way to get their cash into bitcoin, but the average retail investor wouldn't since there'd be no smooth on-ramp like using your credit card to put $500 onto Coinbase. **I returned to playing some online poker earlier this year, and the industry is a shell of its former self. The US cutting off the market was the first domino in other countries significantly restricting or outright banning online poker themselves. Now, if you're in several European countries, you can play but only against players in your own country, so there's no worldwide player pool and the liquidity is significantly less. Other countries like Australia recently banned online poker outright. Other countries like Canada have become less friendly and some people even think Canada will ban online poker outright in the future.**
Now - it's not all gloom and doom. The Daily Fantasy Sports industry has a lot of similarities to poker, with the difference being they were smart to get very wealthy investors with clout on board from the beginning (owners of NFL teams, etc.). This made them the hunters rather than the hunted, as the online poker sites were when big political donors who owned Vegas casinos decided they'd rather shut down online poker instead of spinning up their own sites and competing. NFL owners being involved was legitimization for the DFS industry, and I think the fact that Bitcoin is now part of the financial ecosystem with futures listed, ETFs on the way, etc. etc. So I'm bullish on avoiding a complete choking-off and once I saw that futures were coming through I doubled down on BTC because my fears of reliving the demise of online poker were significantly diminished when that happened. 
@_date: 2017-12-24 23:23:59
It is safe and reliable - backed by leading San Francisco venture capital firms, definitely not a fly-by-night operation. Here's the founder's background: 
He's also active on Twitter and, I'd argue, more trustworthy than Coinbase's CEO: 
@_date: 2017-12-27 21:29:26
They'd likely go about it the same way they effectively shut down the online poker industry. They criminalized processing payments to online poker sites, not online poker itself. This meant you could no longer send money directly from your bank account or credit card to online poker sites, so online poker sites began relying on third-party payment processors to get around it.
Instead of a deposit to an online poker site, you'd be charged by a payment processor for "purchasing golf balls" or other stuff like that. This mis-categorization is a circumvention of the law, so the government came after these payment processors and would shut them down and take the money, and the fact that it was illegal attracted increasingly shady actors who would sometimes just run away with the funds and there wasn't really anything the poker sites could do since you don't really run to the authorities to complain about someone shortchanging you in an illegal act.
This caused the cost of processing deposits to skyrocket, and a couple of the sites responded by fronting players money that they were actually never able to collect, which is why some of the sites weren't able to repay players when the FBI finally charged the sites themselves and fully choked them off from the US market.
Before that happened, the big winning players continued to play, but it became much harder for the average recreational losing player to get money onto the sites, so it was much less attractive to play as a whole. The corollary here would be that wealthy individuals who want a safe harbor would still find a way to get their cash into bitcoin, but the average retail investor wouldn't since there'd be no smooth on-ramp like using your credit card to put $500 onto Coinbase. I returned to playing some online poker earlier this year, and the industry is a shell of its former self. The US cutting off the market was the first domino in other countries significantly restricting or outright banning online poker themselves. Now, if you're in several European countries, you can play but only against players in your own country, so there's no worldwide player pool and the liquidity is significantly less. Other countries like Australia recently banned online poker outright. Other countries like Canada have become less friendly and some people even think Canada will ban online poker outright in the future.
Now - it's not all gloom and doom. The Daily Fantasy Sports industry has a lot of similarities to poker, with the difference being they were smart to get very wealthy investors with clout on board from the beginning (owners of NFL teams, etc.). This made them the hunters rather than the hunted, as the online poker sites were when big political donors who owned Vegas casinos decided they'd rather shut down online poker instead of spinning up their own sites and competing. NFL owners being involved was legitimization for the DFS industry, and I think the fact that Bitcoin is now part of the financial ecosystem with futures listed, ETFs on the way, etc. etc. So I'm bullish on avoiding a complete choking-off and once I saw that futures were coming through I doubled down on BTC because my fears of reliving the demise of online poker were significantly diminished when that happened