@_author: tnboozeslinger
@_date: 2017-02-14 16:07:37
Gold is traded constantly in exchange for currency and even to this day the US Treasury backs upwards of $11 billion worth of gold to back the face value of the gold certificates issued by the Federal Reserve. An examination of the $6 billion / year revenue stream of pawn shops providing collateral loans primarily backed on physical gold traded for fiat currency on a day-to-day basis most certainly adds to it's value which fluctuates constantly due to it being constantly traded and exchanged. 
The USD constantly fluctuates in exchange rate on the for-ex. This is due to many factors. It often undergoes both inflationary and deflationary trends in the scope of the global market. Currency substitution or dollarization around the globe also helps promote greater macroeconomic stability ensuring that many people use the legal tender constantly. The value of the USD depends solely on its acceptance as a form of payment in a day to day market. Its ability to provide "financial sovereignty" by being saved is facilitated via interest bearing accounts and holdings, it is not due to the USD having constant stable or inflating value. Rather, when it is placed in a savings account, for instance, it is then usable by the institution to fund things like high-interest loans or whatever day to day transactions it may be needed for as it does not incur a standard reserve requirement from the institution. 
If you think bitcoiners don't want piles of USD you have lost your mind. Don't put the cart in front of the horse. 
I think that covers the majority of what you are missing here.
@_date: 2017-02-14 04:19:07
The only way bitcoin can offer financial sovereignty for long term saving must be facilitated by its value as a viable day to day currency. Bitcoin as a decentralized economic environment only establishes  legitimate value when it is actively being exchanged for products / goods, work performed, and other currencies. Vigorously on a daily basis.
Long term investment  are only possible if the currency becomes more and more popular and commonly used daily. Because if people fail to do this then whatever value the bitcoin had at initial purchase will completely dissolve.
@_date: 2017-03-04 21:44:24
Thank you both for your answers. I found documentation describing these things in the Bitcoin Core Developers docs. I hadn't thought to look there before asking. 