@_author: toasty99
@_date: 2018-05-17 17:22:11
I pay more in btc commissions than bank fees, yo.
@_date: 2018-05-14 09:03:29
You deserve many updoots.
My economics degree rattles a little in its frame when people post this meme. Appreciation and depreciation are not the same thing as inflation and deflation, amirite ?
@_date: 2018-05-26 21:03:07
Wow this sub has gone full tinfoil hat 
@_date: 2018-05-14 09:51:33
How can you tell if someone’s a libertarian? Don’t worry, they’ll tell you !
@_date: 2018-05-26 21:49:11
It’s called an ad hominem, which is a fallacy only if used as argument. As a casual observation, I think it’s spot on. Y’all are hopped up on goofballs.
Don’t get me wrong - Bitcoin are super useful, and have made a lot of people a lot of money. 
But...do you really believe the federal reserve is a malevolent actor ? I’ll go this far - without a federal reserve, you’d have no dollars to change your btc into. And if US-based fiat money is either evil, or on the way out, why do you still measure your crypto gains in dollars?  
(The last sentence is an argument). 
@_date: 2018-05-17 19:58:46
Doesn’t Coinbase usually take like 35 cents (or what have you)? Anyway my (apparently bad) joke was meant to imply that you can’t fall out of bed without finding a free checking account, at least here in California.
@_date: 2018-05-14 09:59:00
Coercion is literally the only way taxes work. Also, paying taxes is not the same thing as feudalism.
@_date: 2017-08-13 09:19:32
This is more ELI15, but here goes: Head over to r/personalfinance for actual investment advice and to learn about the stock market and such. Bitcoin investing = currency investing. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results, stay in school, don't do drugs.
Bitcoin is also massively up in the last year or so. Since it's about as useful as a pre-paid Discover Card, and there is a million dollar theft every couple of weeks, I'm of the opinion that Bitcoin are "overbought," or that the price has been driven up by speculation. Paradigmic example of "bubble" investment here: 
Good luck! If you want to monkey around with BTC, Coinbase is a cool app for iOS. You can spend them on black market items on the web, or on overstock.com, or at that weird coffee shop in town where the assistant manager kind of just hangs out even when his shift is over. Also Greece for a while during Grexit and the debt crisis.
@_date: 2018-02-06 02:58:36
I take issue with all of these assertions - let’s start with number one: A US-dollar denominated deposit account with an FDIC-insured bank is about as watertight as you can get, depending on the metric you’re using. Loss of principal odds = near zero. So when you say “less secure”, do you mean the encryption? That’s very possibly true - but again, the FDIC will top up any account that gets hacked, which is not true with any cryptocurrency.
2) Inflation can happen with any currency, and there are lots of ways it can happen. It’s true that bitcoin can’t be diluted by a central bank minting new coins, but the value of goods and services can change relative to bitcoin just like fiat currency.
3) No, really! The Fed and ECB have target inflation rates - albeit pretty low ones. 
I’m not saying Bitcoin won’t hit 50k someday - I hope it does, for your sake ! But it won’t be because people have given up on fiat money entirely....remember when people said we’d have to redesign all American cities to accommodate all the Segways? That’s where we’re at, hype-wise.
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:24:03
You could DM him to let him know you’re onto him? I’d say “him/her” but I work in insurance, and it’s almost always a him.
So, speaking of insurance, do you have homeowner’s or renter’s insurance? You never know what might be in the policy for cyber-theft. There are also guarantees that come with things like credit cards, anti-malware software packages, and so on. It’s worth making claims, all they can do is say ‘no’. If you get lucky, one of them will send you a few bucks. If you get REALLY lucky, you’ll get an incompetent insurance adjuster and you can sue for bad faith insurance handling. 
Do you have any lawyers or accountants on retainer ? If you were acting on their advice, they may have malpractice insurance. Do you have a home-based business with any commercial policies ? File a claim.
Finally, if you get stuck with the bill, the folks above are right re: taxes. 
TL;DR Insurance and tax-write offs. And come to San Francisco sometime and I’ll buy you a beer. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 10:30:49
So - you are saying all fiat currency is toast, and that bitcoin is a “safe” place to park our assets?
Aren’t there over 200 fiat currencies out there? Is the guy who sells fish in a market square in Thailand going to reject Bhat and insist on something that isn’t accepted by his landlord, grocer, or neighborhood bar? C’mon.
If you’re in bitcoin because you think it’s useful, inherently valuable, or just looks like a good short-term play, go ahead. If you are counting on fiat money disappearing overnight, that’s bananas. 
@_date: 2018-02-05 19:50:47
I have to agree here. Most people are paid for their labor with fiat money, and at least 3-4 billion people don’t have internet access. Getting all of them to use a volatile asset like bitcoin is a pipe dream at this point. Such concerns are not outweighed by fungibility or potential inflation, in my humble opinion.
@_date: 2018-02-07 08:27:26
Hmm. Well, perhaps our underlying premises are different, so let’s back up a bit. None of what you are saying is incorrect - those are legitimate beefs against fiat currency. The alternatives have always been worse (metals, gold-backed paper money, barter) but that doesn’t make paper money fabulous.  In fact, a dollar bill is worse than an IOU, in that you can’t actually redeem it for anything other than goods or services. 
Bitcoin, though, creates a few new problems while solving only some of those above. One of those problems is with the ease of exchange - like half the world’s population doesn’t have internet access. And phones lose their charge. And energy is a scarce resource. And so on.
That’s why I think crypto-currency will be constrained in its usefulness to online transactions...which is a huge segment of the economy, but still, I don’t think government-backed currency is going anywhere. 
@_date: 2018-03-09 17:37:07
Did it? Weak
@_date: 2018-03-09 08:33:16
Sure thing man. I feel a little nauseous on your behalf. 
There’s a story about an old man who withdraws his last $50 bucks on the day before thanksgiving to buy a turkey. On the way to the store, he is robbed by two larger men, who laugh at him as they beat him.
At thanksgiving dinner the next day, he and his wife are having hamburgers, as it’s all they can afford. His wife says to him, “why even bother? What do we have to be grateful for?”
He says “Thank God I’m not like them.”
Good luck, bro.
@_date: 2018-04-09 11:04:55
If this dude is trying to say that Bitcoin is more money-ish than the U.S. Dollar, he clearly has an agenda. A dollar bill is portable, universally recognized (even in remote places), and is a worldwide reserve currency. Bitcoin investors measure their gains/losses in dollars, for goodness’ sakes.
Don’t get me wrong - I love me some BTC, but one of the most important features of money is ease of exchange. Right now, this can’t be done in BTC without smartphones, WiFi/LTE, and some lucky breaks with fees and execution time.
TL:DR cray
@_date: 2018-04-09 12:54:20
That’s a fair point! I was counting cash as a feature of USD. Without paper currency, paying someone in dollars is a pain in the ass (must set up Venmo apps connected to dollar-denominated accounts, or what have you). 