@_author: toawa
@_date: 2014-05-01 17:45:43
Yet another legacy financial player saying "in order for Bitcoin to become mainstream the anonymity will need to disappear."
@_date: 2014-06-21 05:32:03
He's still right; we need to go up a bit more to break $10.
$10 as defined by the Coinage Act of 1792 = ~.51 troy oz of gold = ~676 2014 dollars.
... Wait, I misread the act.  It's standard gold, which is about 90% pure.  So, we only need to reach about 608 2014 dollars.  Entirely doable.
@_date: 2016-03-23 05:55:36
Have you contacted blockchain.info support about this? I seem to recall hearing about this kind of thing happening before.  It might be a database issue on their end (as opposed to someone stealing all of the coins, which would show up as transactions).  If you look at the history of your target address at that other site, you can see the address where the coins came from.  Unless their website version acts differently from their iOS version (I don't know, I've never used their website as a wallet) it's likely that they used the origin address as the change address.  If nothing else, you can see where the coins are.
@_date: 2017-08-06 19:14:21
Of course it's possible; whether it would be desirable is another matter entirely.  It would obviously require some major changes to the consensus rules, but there's no mathematical reason why it couldn't happen.
I was thinking about this hypothetical about a year ago, particularly given the apparent high degree of mining in China. I thought, what if something happened which essentially cut the network in half?  It's not very likely, but it's a hypothetical scenario, so I can do it.  What if the network were cut in half for a year, and then communications were restored? Both chains would continue to have economic activity on them, and obviously neither side would be willing to give up the value that they had used in that year in the case that the other sides' chain was, by chance, longer.  So they'd be left with two choices: run two different chains, or combine them into one chain.  If both chains had roughly equal hashing power, and both coins had similar economic value, they might both decide that merging them back into one would be a good idea (on the theory that a network with N hashing power is more secure than two networks with N/2 hashing power).  If they wished to preserve the 21m max coin boundry (which they probably would), they would have to have a rule that says, "Transaction inputs originating between the split block and merge block of chain A will have a scalar of Z applied to its input value.", where the scalar Z (which would be 1/2, adjusted slightly for the fact that the two chains will probably mine a different total number of coins during the split) would adjust the effective total to remain in line with the number of coins that would have been mined had there not been a split.  The Z's would be known and calculated at the time of the merger, which would itself simply be a special block that referenced two previous blocks instead of one.
Of course, if there is a major disparity between hashing power, or economic value, then the stronger side would probably decide that it's not worth taking the weaker side in.
@_date: 2015-08-17 03:29:02
I think it would be instructive to hear your definition of an "altcoin"?
Just thinking on it, I think mine would be (insofar as it applies to the cryptocurrency space):
A. A cryptocurrency that does not use blockchain technology; or
B. A cryptocurrency that uses blockchain technology, whose chain is rooted in a genesis block other than the one generated by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2009 (generally recognized as the "Bitcoin genesis block").
@_date: 2018-02-18 18:59:41
I found out about this change last week when I made a purchase. I intended to use that as an opportunity to move the rest of the funds from that wallet over to a segwit, so I was a bit surprised by the change.  However, through Electrum, I was able to extract the address and amount, and create a new transaction manually.  When I broadcast it, BitPay still recognized it as valid, so at least at this time, they're not rejecting payments that come from outside their bip70 channel.
@_date: 2016-05-30 04:12:18
Hmm.. At first glance, I did think that this was about power and control and all that (and I've no doubt that's a part of it) but reading further I get a distinct whiff of conspiracy theory a la "CIA created Bitcoin!" type thing.  Specifically, the mention of the cash payment limit and "cashless society" rhetoric.
I think it's not so much they're worried that Bitcoin will take away their ability to control people, but that it's some sort of plot by {the US, the UN, the IMF, the Fed, the Illuminati, etc} to take away their ability to control people (in favor of aforementioned entity X to do the controlling)...