@_author: tobbern
@_date: 2013-12-02 11:55:39


So that might be the right mindset if this were not an experimental currency, but it is. And that's the problem right there. It's not viewed as a currency, nor used much as a currency, and it is viewed and treated accordingly.
Gotta use the Bitcoin for it to have value over, say, USD, EUR, etc. (And why would you use it when it's at 1000 USD right now? Better to sell it for cash money ... in USD)
But maybe aiming to beat the dollar is too much? Maybe they should try competing with a smaller country's currency?  
@_date: 2013-12-02 12:26:56


[Because seriously, guys, this is fascinating.](
@_date: 2013-12-02 11:37:28
* Bitcoin is a store of value: Check!
* Bitcoin is a unit of account: But of what? Not clear yet.
* Bitcoin is a transaction tool: Yes, but it's not commonly used (yet).
All of this can change in the future, but we currently live in a massive financial crisis in which Bitcoin's value as a hedge against losses (in fiat and other traditional investments, both bonds and stocks) - is its MOST desirable feature.
Furthermore, a small number of users does, by its very design, make Bitcoin susceptible to speculation, and it is undeniable that its rise in value is affected by speculators and the financial crisis.
In a post-crisis world, Bitcoin will behave differently, but we don't know how. It's too early to tell how that will turn out, but at the moment, most economics articles about experiments and policy are doom and gloom - including Bitcoin.
Also, finally, the advocates of Bitcoin don't do a good job selling the idea to investors and potential buyers. Too many people try to explain a very complicated technological concept, argue that central banks are the worst things ever, or make other generally completely inaccessible selling points that the average person ignores daily. It does not help that even the most fervent supporters make it sound like a get rich quick scheme. 
Rational dialogue is also suffering a crisis-embroiled world. It's not just Bitcoin that suffers from this.