@_author: tobixen
@_date: 2016-04-10 12:41:44
give 2048 bits
@_date: 2016-04-11 08:06:54
As said, 1.7X is the increase in the number of simple transactions the network can handle if everyone upgrades to segwit-supporting wallets.  In addition, segwit allows for the transactions to become more signature-heavy without reducing the transaction throughput.
When taking into consideration that many will keep on using software that doesn't support segwit for quite a while to come, the estimate gets closer to 1.2X.
@_date: 2016-04-30 16:46:50
Not "or", but "and".  Opt-in-RBF and CPFP are for different use-cases IMO.
Opt-in-RBF ensures the _sender_ of funds can raise the fee of a "stuck" transaction, combine new payments into an unconfirmed transaction, or "undo" the transaction.  Opt-in-RBF is perfect for transactions where the receiver only honors confirmed transactions, transfer between different wallets owned by the same person, etc.  In such situations it's in the senders interest to make sure the "stuck" transaction goes through.
CPFP ensures the _receiver_ of funds can make sure the transaction goes through (and the sender is often also a receiver, due to the change-output - so CPFP can also solve the first use-case to some extent).  This is very good for situations where unconfirmed transactions are honored, i.e. payments in a brick-and-mortar-store, or "instant" payments for online services.  (Probably the lightning network is a better solution to the "instant payment"-use case, but  0-conf-transactions does have a real business value as of today).
Full-RBF, or even opt-in-RBF-by-default will efficiently kill the 0-conf usecase.  It's probably OK if/when the majority of such transactions are routed over the Lightning Network.
@_date: 2016-04-09 06:07:45
Wow.  An anecdote, in 2004 we started doing development on a web site handling money.  We were told that on-the-cent-accuracy was really important, that was one out of a handful of requirements that was told before our first physical meeting, so we discussed it a bit by email.  I said we should store everything as integers, we debated a bit, then some manager stepped in with "float seems easier, so we'll go for that".  For the next five years we were constantly struggling with rounding problems ...
@_date: 2016-04-30 17:51:15
Altcoins have had their bubble, and it bursted long before Bitcoins started to see it's capacity limit.
Except that Litecoin still haven't hit the capacity ceiling yet, I believe Litecoin has no benefits compared to Bitcoin, and I believe that during the last year they've been losing market share to other altcoins, not to bitcoin.
The total marked share of Bitcoins compared to other cryptocurrencies have dropped significantly after Bitcoin started getting troubles with the capacity limit.
@_date: 2016-04-11 06:57:12


There is BIP-0047 and BIP-0070, so potential solutions have been out there for a long time.
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:42:59
One more thing, as far as I've understood, keeping an open lightning network channel requires the wallet to be permanently online?  Something that is very unlikely i.e. for mobile wallets.
In that case ... perhaps lightning will work wonders to ensure real-time near-zero-fee transactions between "bitcoin accounts" on the exchanges, Localbitcoins, etc, but it won't be particularly useful for buying a latte.
UPDATE: ref the comment below, the claim that "you need to stay online to keep your lightning channel open" may be untrue.
@_date: 2016-04-11 04:47:06
I believe it's not that trivial, the lightning network will require changes in the user interface.  Please correct me if I'm wrong.
@_date: 2016-04-11 10:51:01
Hm.  I'm visualizing the segwit blocks as max 1 MB of non-witness-data plus 3 MB of witness-data, but came to think ... that's not how it works.  If I remember right, the limit is something like ...
    non_witness_data * 1.0 + witness_data / 4.0 &lt; 1 MB
In that case, yes, reducing the signature size will increase the number of transactions that may fit into the blocks.  I will update my comment above if someone can confirm that I remember right.
@_date: 2016-04-12 14:30:53
The first place ever where I found wi-fi on the train ... was Estonia.  On a local train.  And it was of course free.
@_date: 2016-04-08 22:03:37
Also on the receiving end, from a technically point of view, bitcoin really rocks - it's very easy to work with compared i.e. to accepting credit card payments.
However, one should not forget the administrative and book-keeping side of things.  Most organizations does have book keeping processes that are hard-wired for accepting fiat.  For an "ordinary" merchant that do have traditional book-keeping processes in place, pays taxes according to the law, etc, and having no special interest in Bitcoin, receiving and holding bitcoins is not really an option.  I believe the biggest selling point of using a bitcoin-accepting payment processor is to outsource the technical integration, but rather to avoid having to deal with Bitcoin as a currency.
@_date: 2016-04-30 17:14:51
Personally I used Windows 3.0 for two weeks.  That was sufficient for me to realize ... "windows was not created for me" ;-)
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:44:40
Thanks for the deeply insightful reply convincing me that I am wrong and that the lightning network won't require significant changes in the user interface /s
@_date: 2016-04-17 03:42:08
I do have approx 24 BTC on a shitty small exchange, and I'm nervous as that - will I ever get my money back?  They have a daily ~6 BTC fiat withdrawal limit, processes fiat withdrawal requests "within 48 hours" - in reality sometimes I get to do one withdrawal pr week.  Most often bitcoin withdrawals goes instantly, but I have experienced bitcoin withdrawals getting stalled for a full week.
Why do I have money there?  Probably mostly due to greed, this exchange has low turnover, large gap between buy-price and sell-price, often possible to sell bitcoins quite much above market price (as defined by kraken/bitstamp), and I've made scripts for buying/selling there - as long as I'm able to pull out my funds, I'm having an average profit somewhere around 1-2 BTC / week on this exchange, without lifting a finger.  Anyway, I can't understand how the other customers can be stupid enough to use said exchange.  Maybe there are no other customers, maybe it's just a hoax to steal my bitcoins.
At first I didn't understand the claims that the willy-bot could pump up the BTC market prices that much ... but I see it now.  On an exchange doing fractional-reserves and where there are friction on the fiat-withdrawal-process, the exchange itself can indeed buy and buy and buy bitcoins for money it doesn't have, and hence inflate the bitcoin price.
@_date: 2016-04-11 08:25:32


Block size should have been increased in 2015, IMO - but it's sort of a moot point now if we'll get the promised capacity increase through segwit.  While we haven't had any real capacity increases as such, there was real scaling work in the 0.12-release - making the memory footprint smaller and making bigger blocks and bigger mempools less harmful for the nodes.


I hope you're wrong on that.
@_date: 2016-04-30 15:59:43
What used to be perfectly good wallets have suddently become bad, due to "external" circumstances.
Of course one should use wallets that are actively maintained and developed, but I do tend to believe it's a failure of Bitcoin not to deal with the block size issue in a timely manner.  The need to increase the limit was foreseen already in 2010.  Every day with full blocks causes lost opportunities.  I believe the BTC-price would have been quite much more than today if it wasn't for the full-blocks-issue.
I have experienced to accept an unconfirmed transaction which eventually timed out.  One thing is to blame the sender for chosing the wrong wallet ... but no matter how good wallet the merchant uses, it will always be an issue when the customer expects to get the goods he has "paid" for ... (CPFP is sort of a solution for this problem, though)
@_date: 2016-04-30 16:59:49
If the problem was that the input was unconfirmed and 0-fee, then CPFP is highly relevant.  If miners would be using a CPFP-algorithm while counting the fees, it wouldn't be a problem in the first place.
No matter how much complexity is put into the wallets, it's not possible (and probably not desirable) that all popular wallets always stops such things from happening.  For one thing, the "fee estimation" will always be a forecast.
@_date: 2016-04-08 10:15:28


I tend to disagree, there is a middle limbo land when the transaction is broadcast to the network but not confirmed.  If the transaction fee is too low, the transaction will just be stuck.  If you have control of the private keys you can theoretically try to double spend it with higher fees, but most software won't allow that.  Usually the transaction will time out after 48 hours.
@_date: 2016-04-11 07:52:50


You are of course right about that.  I'm truely impressed about how easy and elegant it is to send money through Bitcoin.  Click on an URL, scan a QR code or cut'n'paste a bitcoin address ... and in few seconds the payment is on it's way, much more easily and elegant than i.e. credit card payments (though, if I say that loud outside I'm downvoted out of sight).  That's how things should be - and with such a user interface, pretty much everything can be changed under the hood without the end user needing to know the details.
The end-user should need to know as little as possible; should not need to know a lot of technical details, should not need to know about "transaction inputs" and "transaction outputs", "block size", "Card Security Code", "Card Verification Code", "Replace By Fee", "Verified by Visa", "MasterCard Secure Code", "Chargeback", "Liability shift", etc, should not need to type in neither numbers from a credit card nor manually type in a bitcoin address, etc.
Most of the time it works out great with Bitcoins, i.e. wallets taking care of estimating fees, etc, though there has been some issues this year with stuck transactions, transactions that are timing out after 48 hours, etc.
I'm a bit concerned that Lightning will increase the complexity for the end-user, but I hope to be wrong on that.


I've tried to specify what changes I believe will be needed in 
@_date: 2016-04-11 08:16:06


... and yet, in another reply I get criticized that the 1.7X estimate is too high ;-)
The theoretically maximum of number of simple transactions the network can handle will increase by 1.7X with SegWit.  In addition, the transactions are allowed to increase in signature-complexity (multisig, entry/exit-transactions to lightning and/or sidechains).  Without segwit the number of transactions the network is able to handle will actually shrink as multisig becomes more normal.
@_date: 2016-04-11 16:54:09
And how to elect/select/promote beacon nodes?
@_date: 2016-04-15 10:31:50
Right.  I deny being held responsible for anything I write before my first cup of coffee.
@_date: 2016-04-15 04:46:16


I agree with that.
Many consider RBF to be evil - and yes, it does add extra complexity for "ordinary users" who don't want to learn all the details about bitcoin but who do want "instant transactions" - but in a situation where blocks are full and the receiver only honors confirmed transactions, it is really the most elegant solution against stuck transactions.
That said, I want ~~PPFC~~ CPFP also.
@_date: 2016-04-11 11:27:49
It seems to me that xtreme thin blocks + headers-first (already implemented in unlimited and classic, and the patches should probably apply cleanly to the core code) is a better idea than weak blocks + iblt (not implemented yet, on the core roadmap, will bring some of the same benefits).  I suppose the real reason why core hasn't embraced it is the "not invented here"-effect.
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:47:37
There has been talks about rejecting segwit in classic.  I hope that won't happen, and if it happens I really hope it will be given a much more better reason than "segwit is coming from core, it must be bad".
@_date: 2016-04-17 03:28:32


Uh, come again ... if the most probable reason the account was temporary suspended actually was due to demands from law enforcement, how can a "financial license" help?
Same shit happens with paypal accounts all the time.  Do they have their "financial license" in order?
@_date: 2016-04-24 12:14:30
I would definitively use some multi-sig-scheme to secure bigger funds, and make sure my family would be able to move out the funds after my death.
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:27:11


When using "number of transactions pr day" as the metric, I suppose the real numbers are realistically more like 1.7 (segwit) * ~~1.5 (schnorr)~~ 1.1 (schnorr) * 2 (blocksize limit increase) = ~~5~~ ~~3.4~~ 3.7.
UPDATE: as the Schnorr signatures will anyway be in the segregated witness data, it will not increase the maximum number of simple transactions that can go through the network.
UPDATE2: I was partly wrong on that (see my other comment).  The real effect wrg of the block size limit will be a maximum throughput increase factor of ~1.1.
And this is still a best-case scenario where all the popular wallets immediately implements support for those features, and everyone upgrades their wallet software ASAP.
Anyway, it may suffice as for now.  The "core doesn't want to increase the capacity"-point of view that are typically promoted at doesn't hold water ~~anymore~~ once segwit has been deployed.  Still, we're in April 2016 and we still haven't seen any capacity increases on the main net.  The need to increase the block size was identified already in 2010.  With a modest doubling of the block size in January, the BTC-value would probably have been around USD 600 today.
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:04:54
Lightning seems slightly more complicated than that.
* You would need to deposit money into the lightning network before using it - how much money should be deposited into the lightning network vs how much should remain in the "traditional" wallet?  The wallet software could make educated guesses, but remember that moving money between the wallet and the lightning network will require at least one on-chain transaction, which again will require fees to be paid.  Ordinary users may want to know why some transactions require much more fees than others, power users will want to control every aspect.
* One cannot simply deposit money "into the lightning network", one needs to put up a channel towards a node in the network.  Which node to chose?  The wallet software could be hot-wired to chose a specific hub, though arguably that leads to centralization.  The wallet software could also try to find an optimal node to deposit funds to on the first transaction.  Surely the end user should not need to bother with this, but the power user probably will want to have control.
* How does one specify the destination of a lightning network payment?  Is it possible to specify an ordinary bitcoin address as the recipient, or does the lightning network has a separate addressing scheme?  For the average end-user a URL + QR-code ought to do fine, but still bitcoin addresses are used quite frequently.  If there is to be any kind of "seamlessness", we need addresses that can be reached both through ordinary bitcoin transactions and through the lightning network.
@_date: 2016-04-16 15:13:30
Hm.  The link goes to the US edition.  I removed the /us/ part of the URL, and got redirected to the EU site.
Now, if I have a big pile of fiat and want to exchange it to bitcoin, I'd go to either Kraken or Bitstamp.  I even use the bitstamp rate as a yardstick of how much a bitcoin really is worth.  Those two sites aren't even mentioned.  I'm not much impressed ...
@_date: 2016-04-30 17:37:28
The pointer to PGP/GnuPG is a good one.  It's from the 90s ... and by 2016-standards it's not very good, but it's still the best tool we have for end-to-end-encryption and signing of emails.  And still, the overwhelming majority send their emails unencrypted and unsigned.  Even I have given up on PGP and (later) GnuPG several times because of the total lack of "network effect".
Bitcoins have many selling points.  Compared to "altcoins", the "network effect" is one of the biggest.  Still, the utility value of bitcoins depends on how many others you actually can transact with.  I believe it's boom or bust, either Bitcoin will gain dominance (to the moon!), or it will end up as PGP/GnuPG ... or even worse.  Every time someone is put off due to high transaction costs or "stuck" transactions, it's a lost opportunity.
I believe the vast majority of bitcoin transactions today are for speculation reasons - people wanting bitcoins because they expect them to rise in value.  That's not sustainable, if bitcoins can't be used for buying lattes, at some point the bubble will bust - like a ponzi or pyramid scheme.  
A significant amount of bitcoin transactions are illegal in nature - I believe drug trading is a significant.  That's also not good, if that's the only significant use case, bitcoin usage will be banned by most authorities at some point.  The criminals are probably fine with that, they don't care anyway ... but I do care, and for sure the BTC value will drop a lot.
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:54:58
Maybe the meaning of "being on the fence" may differ.
We're using (the equivalent) of "sitting on the fence" in Norwegian, and in my head that means "staying passive, waiting to make a decision, waiting to see how the events will unfold and how green the grass will grow before choosing what side of the fence to come down to".
That doesn't quite fit those running classic, as they have actively decided which side of the fence they are at.  It also doesn't apply to those who have decided not to run classic.  It may apply to people who are running core because they haven't heard of classic, or haven't considered it.  It certainly does apply to merchants and customers that are waiting to see the capacity ceiling being lifted before implementing bitcoin support.
(edited to fix some of the embarrassing typos)
@_date: 2016-04-11 13:39:17
I also wonder about that
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:07:51
I think the difference between FTP and HTTP would be more appropriate.  Today most regular users don't really care if an URL starts with ftp or http, the browser handles that seamlessly, but under the hood the technical differences are huge, and historically one even had to use different software for accessing ftp and http.  Even today a user may experience that http works just fine, while ftp simply won't work (due to firewall/NAT-setups).
@_date: 2016-04-09 20:20:41
No decent banking in Norway.  Bills are still not URL-encoded and presented as QR-code.
@_date: 2016-04-11 08:12:05


Yes, but the correct number seems to be ~~3.4X~~ 3.7X.
@_date: 2016-04-30 16:22:46
Please correct me if I'm wrong ...
In the latest versions of core, the concept of a "priority queue" is by default disabled - the only thing that matters is the transaction fee/byte.  Hence, for most miners nowadays, the age of the inputs is considered irrelevant.
@_date: 2016-04-12 05:32:55
Seems to confirm my main reason for being a "hardfork first, segwit later"-guy; segwit introduces quite a work-load on all the wallet developers.
@_date: 2016-04-30 17:13:44
Right on target wrg of security - I wouldn't store hundreds of BTC on my mycelium - but for daily usage and storage of some few BTC, it just doesn't matter.
I also miss the possibility to create labelled addresses, or "accounts" within the same wallet.  If I send someone an address (or a payment request), I do want to label it immediately.  If I get multiple payments to the same address (something Mycelium is encouraging through it's "address book"), I would like to see it.  On the other hand, Mycelium does allow for multiple separated wallets, I don't think Core allows that (?)
I believe Mycelium generates a new address every time an address have been used for a transaction.  Good-enough for use-cases with "immediate" transactions (i.e. meeting up personally and transferring cellphone-to-cellphone by QR-code), but if I send an address my email and get the bitcoins the next day, I would like to ensure that unique addresses are used.
@_date: 2016-04-11 06:20:17
I know of only two arguments against segwit ...
* Considered that the block limit is a DoS-protection, for DoS-purposes the current implementation represents a 4X blocksize increase, while wrg of the number of transactions supported in the best case we get only 1.7X increase.  (I believe this argument is not entirely true).
* While (almost) any wallet would be 100% compatible with a 2X block size increase, it's needed with complex changes to every wallet software out there to be able to segregate the witness data. (But this is an argument for "increase block size first, introduce segrated witness later", it's not an argument for blocking segrated witness).
@_date: 2016-04-11 05:39:38
Came to think, the Schnorr signatures only affects the already segragated witness data, no?  So the effect on the number of "simple" transactions the network can support will neither be 2X nor 1.5X, but rather like 1X?
UPDATE: Schnorr signatures will contribute to a small increase (maybe 5-20%) in the number of simple transactions that can be processed through the Bitcoin network.  Segregated witness does NOT work so that there will be a max 1 MB block of non-witness-data + max 3 MB of witness data - instead the blocksize formula will be like this:
    non_witness_data * 1.0 + witness_data / 4.0 &lt; 1 MB
which means that, if the transaction contains 2/3 signature data and the signature part can be reduced with 1/2 and everyone will be using Schnorr, then Schnorr means a 9% increase of the number of simple transactions that can be handled.  Let's round that up to 1.1.
@_date: 2016-04-30 15:48:54
I tend to believe the current protocol is not designed to cope with "full blocks" (and Satoshi said it himself - the block size limit was supposed to be raised before blocks became full)
As long as the mempool is cleared several times a day, unconfirmed transactions with "too low fee" will always go through, they may just take a bit longer time.  However, when the blocks are constantly full then transactions with "too low fee" may become really stuck and get evicted from the mempool, i.e. due to the 48 hours time out.
Currently, sending a transaction with a "recommended" fee is like buying a stand-by airline ticket for a "recommended" price, stand by the gate and see every plane getting filled up by customers that have paid more than you for the ticket, without any possibility to get a refund or increase the price paid.  The recommendation may be good enough, but it is nothing but a forecast, it can never be reliable.  With solutions like RBF and CPFP one can at least raise the price, but those solutions are not without problems.
That said, I use mycelium, almost always I use the "priority" recommended fee, almost always my transactions gets into one of the first blocks, but sometimes the recommendation may be as "whooping high" as 0.5 mBTC.  Insignificant when the transaction sum is several BTC, but could be significant if I was to buy a cheap coffee.  A currency that can't be used for buying coffee ... is not a currency.
@_date: 2016-04-11 13:39:56
Wouldn't be a better place for such questions?
@_date: 2016-04-08 10:08:11
No clue about breadwallet, I'm having a Jolla cellphone with android support, and I use mycelium for such purposes - and I have said something like: "ease of use really ought to be a selling point of bitcoins - because it is really easy, fast and simple to use compared to online credit card transactions".  I don't understand why, but that comment was downvoted a lot ...
But now with full blocks, I have been hitting snags, twice:
* Being on the receiving end of a transaction sent from the blockchain.info wallet.  It had a fixed 100 uBTC fee, apparently impossible to change it.  The payer was emptying his wallet, the transaction contained lots of "dust" so the transaction size was too big and the transaction timed out after 48 hours.  The outputs were double-spent before I could rebroadcast the transaction.  The payer had to repay the transaction manually (and I eventually got my funds).
* I managed to "shoot myself in the foot", my wallet had been emptied and then later filled up with several BTCs from Kraken.  First thing I did was to send a "low-pri" small charitable donation.  I was not quite prepared that all my wallet content would be locked up in a pending "change"-output for more than a day!
* Trying to shuffle money between LBC and mycelium, using only my cellphone.  Unfortunately, copying text from the Maemo browser to the clipboard doesn't work as it should, so it involves copying the address via the old pen-and-paper technology :(
@_date: 2016-04-11 09:23:51
I hope you're right
@_date: 2016-04-14 18:19:20
How do you manage to pay for your fees in USD?  I pay for my fees in BTC :-)
According to duckduckgo, your USD 0.01 figure is equivalent to 0.02 mBTC.  I don't understand how you get your transactions through.  I usually pay at least 0.5 mBTC for each transaction nowadays ("priority" in Mycelium).  It doesn't matter at all for me as long as the transaction value itself usually is above 0.5 BTC - but I do have use cases where I want to transfer some few millibitcoins.  Paying several percent in transaction fees is no good.
@_date: 2016-04-14 18:03:18
I think it's wrong to compare Bitcoin with the Leicaster City Football Club. Yes, Bitcoin is the king of crypto currencies, but it's a really insignificant player in the global transaction processing space.
A better analogy would be a very small football club with some 20 seats by their playing field. People would not be willing to pay a lot for the tickets, if the stadium is full they would shrug their shoulders and go to another match instead. If the seats are all sold out, it would be really stupid not to set up some more seats.
If bitcoin transactions become too expensive, people will either stick to traditional banking or chose a different crypto currency.
Another thing, full blocks and the fee event is not some theoretical future event, it is something that has already happened. Was it a disaster? No. Was it bad? Yes. Is the capacity limit holding back Bitcoin? Yes.
Increased fees will be a problem, it will prevent Bitcoin from being used for coffee-sized transactions. I believe that if another cryptocurrency will become the go-to-currency for coffee-sized transactions, it will eventually take over for bigger-sized-transactions as well.
Increased fees is not the only problem - "stuck transactions" is the other side of it. Bitcoin is designed to work well when there is free space in the blocks. Users that didn't get the memo that the blocks are full, or who are using the wrong software are suffering (a friend of me tried to send me bitcoins from a blockchain.info-wallet - 48 hours later he had to resend the transaction, it had timed out). One can no longer trust zero-confirmation transactions (some claim that they never could be trusted - but they do have a great business value and usability-value).
Stuck transactions - it's like buying a ticket for the football match, coming to the match and be denied in the door: "sorry, you didn't pay enough for the ticket; someone else paid more for the seat.  Try coming back at the next match instead".
@_date: 2016-04-15 04:02:52
I don't like stuck transactions, so I use the highest fee setting.
I once sent a small donation and thought I could do with the lowest available fee.  Big mistake.  At that point I had only one input in my wallet, so all the wallet content got stuck as a change output from the low-pri transaction.  Transaction got through, but my funds were stuck for some 24 hours.
@_date: 2018-01-08 09:00:14


I believe signature aggregation with Schnorr signatures will only be available for SegWit UTXOs.  Any old-style UTXO dust is doomed until either the transaction backlog clears or until Bitcoin hardforks with support for [BIP-131]( whatever comes first.
@_date: 2018-01-08 10:06:11


Of course, you're right.  Sometimes there are lots of UTXOs on the same address, that may be the case with deposit addresses into Coinbase/GDAX, but shouldn't be the case for change UTXOs.
Really crazy that they don't even do batched transactions, I thought all the bigger exchanges were doing that nowadays.
Another thing they could do ... I believe quite a big fraction of the current on-chain transactions are transfers between the exchanges.  The exchanges could easily cooperate so that this traffic went off-chain.  Customer would see the bitcoins instantly transferred from his account on one exchange to the other, the exchanges could transfer settlement transactions i.e. every hour or even daily. 
@_date: 2015-12-07 13:53:40
And still, 0-conf seems safer than credit card transactions.
@_date: 2015-12-07 14:03:52
I suppose the double-spend risk for the restaurant is very much smaller than the chargeback risk that they run today with accepting credit cards.  There are also risks with customers making a dash instead of paying the bill, and with customers not having enough liquidity to pay the bill when it comes.  The restaurant could do many things to reduce the risk, but at the end of the day that would cause a loss of customers.
In all areas of business there are a careful balance between the cost of fraud and the cost (and lost business) in anti-fraud-measures.  A small risk of double-spend is often a cost worth taking, as few customers would accept to sit and wait for up to half an hour or more waiting for the transaction to go through.
@_date: 2015-12-17 13:32:28
Dec 17 2015.  "The price of Bitcoin is going through a downward cycle".  Eh ... no?
@_date: 2015-12-07 13:54:58
Because 0-conf still have a real world business value today, and that's also a plain damned truth.  Ultimately, the BTC value will drop if one cannot put any trust at all into 0-conf transactions.
@_date: 2016-03-08 21:59:55


The credit card companies are *bribing* the customers to use credit cards.  Yes, I've also taken the bribe long ago, but I feel dirty doing so.  Competing with the establishment is difficult, they have the network effect working for them, they have the possibility to force merchants to eat the fees, they can bribe the customers, etc.  But this de-facto duopolity is very bad, there ought to be other options.  For me it feels like a slap in the face that so many here thinks ... "credit cards are great, it's no point to try to compete with them".  My first interesst in Bitcoin was due to the Wikileaks boycott.
Cash is on the way out, I see more and more outlets denying cash or making it difficult for customers to pay with cash - and for shopping online cash is just not an option.
I also believe that we cannot put all the worlds coffee transactions on the blockchain, we'll need other solutions for that (i.e. lightning).  However, it's too early to kill onchain coffee purchases.  I tend to say we're privileged beings living in a privileged time being able to put our coffee purchases on the blockchain!
@_date: 2016-03-01 16:17:52
Your exact quote was ...


The cost for the *miner* is not increasing with the block size.  
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:32:59
If some other altcoin takes over the market for coffee-sized transaction, it will probably take over the market for high-value transactions as well.
While bitcoins have scarcity defined in the protocol, "cryptocurrency" as such doesn't have any scarcity.
(edited for typos)
@_date: 2016-03-02 18:24:43
It's a lovely and cool proof-of-concept, but I can't help but playing the devils advocate here ... look a bit into that example ...
they are using two on-chain transactions and two intermediate off-chain transactions to move around less than 1 mBTC.  Does that really make sense?  I'd say it would have been smarter to have a trusted, central balance counter at the 21inc servers.  After all, who needs trustless systems for moving 1 mBTC around?
@_date: 2016-03-02 09:26:04
We need both; if Bitcoin cannot deliver on it's promise as a peer-to-peer electronic cash system, then value is only based on speculation, and Bitcoin belongs in the same bucket as Ponzi schemes, Pyramid schemes and overpriced tulip bulbs.  The scarcity of bitcoins will become irrelevant once some alt-coin has taken over the payment market completely.
Even with a well-working and established lightning network, we'll still need bigger block space.
@_date: 2016-03-31 10:11:02


@_date: 2016-03-10 18:47:24
Don't forget coiledcoin.  A perfect example that merge-mining doesn't always offer security.  If only a small fraction of miners support the altcoin by doing the merge-mining, and some mining pool operator really wants to destroy the alt-coin, then it's trivial ... much more difficult to attack an altcoin that is using a completely different PoW.
The radio analogy fits well in the case where two coins join the same PoW, but don't forget that the current Bitcoin hashpower largely consists of specialized hardware that cannot be tuned to other PoW-algorithms.  It's like having a radio transmitter that's hard-wired to only transmit FM radio on frequencies between 98 MHz and 103 MHz, and can't transmit on other frequencies no matter how skilled one is in radio hacking.  If you would like to "take out" the radio in the neighbour car, using AM radio on 20 MHz frequency, the hardware you have is just useless.
@_date: 2016-03-04 11:10:29
cointape at  still suggests 70 satoshi/bytes fee, which is higher than normal.  Hm.
@_date: 2016-03-02 09:42:42


According to wikipedia, Fort Knox alone holds gold currently worth ~26x the total bitcoin market cap, so I'd call that bullshit.
Let me remind you that tulips also had great value once upon a time.  The bitcoin value is currently partly built on speculation that it will continue rising, partly built on speculation that bitcoin will become a great payments system and partly built on practical usage as of today.  
For *sustainable* value, the latter must be increased.  Speculation alone without any real use-case backing will almost inevitably lead to a market price crash.  While bitcoins are guaranteed to be scarce, "cryptocurrencies" are not.  If another alt-coin takes over the payment market, then I think they will also take over the "digital gold" market.
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:54:54


This!  Same thing, different wrapping: "Who cares about 0-conf, 0-conf was never meant to be secure anyway"
@_date: 2016-01-12 15:59:20
I wrote up this:
Unfortunately it seems the fee is not a part of BIP21 as it is now, meaning the BIP would have to be changed and wallets would have to implement support for it.
@_date: 2016-01-11 22:52:56


Well, the details matter.
In the post-full-RBF-world, your wallet app will probably come with a big red undo-button for doing the RBF return-to-wallet double spend, quite many "normal people" will be tempted to use it as soon as they've received their goods or services.  "oups ... I pressed that button by mistake".  It's still fraud, but the threshold has become quite much lower.
Today, one will have to download or utilize special software for crafting the double-spend transactions.  Most people have no legitimate reasons for using this app, only dedicated fraudsters will go that step.
@_date: 2016-03-02 05:22:45
That's pretty much besides the point.  Why shouldn't he believe the transaction will go through within six blocks when it's presented like that in the user interface?  Should I really be angry with my friend for being such a "cheap bastard" when he acted in good faith?
I believe he used blockchain, on my suggestion he's now installing mycelium.  However, I suspect that mycelium has a bit of the same problem with the "low-pri" and "economic" transactions there; it's no longer about accepting to wait for some few hours, I believe that by now paying for the "low-pri"-service is more like a binary gamble; maybe the transaction will be mined, maybe never.
@_date: 2016-03-03 21:11:58


Totally agree.  I strongly believe Bitcoin without a working payment network is bound to collapse as badly as the tulip mania.  I tried to elaborate on this here: 
@_date: 2016-03-01 23:41:01
I have an unconfirmed inbound transaction, from a person I trust.  10.000 satoshis for a 2.2 kB transaction, he chose "confirmation within 6 blocks" ... right.  Now, should I scold said person for failing to understand that the fee was too low?  No, I don't think so.
... if I've understood it correct, core 0.11 would allocate some block space to "priority"-transactions, transactions with a high "bitcoin-days-destroyed"-count, while 0.12 has skipped this feature, only basing the priorization by fee.  A selfish miner would prefer the latter, but it's bad for the network as such, it makes it much more binary weather a transaction will be included in one of the next blocks or if it will time out after 48 hours.
If someone is deliberately creating transactions to clog the network, almost for sure the "bitcoins-days-destroyed"-count will be low for said transactions
@_date: 2016-03-17 16:32:02
Not a moment too early.  I've had an inbound transaction from blockchain wallet time out because the transaction was 2.2k big and the standard 100 uBTC fee, in the middle of the "high-fee-DoS-attack".
@_date: 2016-03-01 23:47:08


Could be that you're right that such an attack is still affordable, but it would cost much more than 2x.  Now, when the blocks are almost full, it doesn't take much to fill them completely, maybe just some 128kB during the daytime and 256kb during the nighttime.  When the limit is doubled and the blocks are half-full one would actually need to generate 1MB of traffic to fill the pipe ...
@_date: 2016-03-04 15:14:43
Oh darn.  I just accepted a ~3 BTC 0-conf transaction, sent with priority "normal" in mycelium, 38 satoshis / byte.  I hope it will confirm before the 48 hours timeout ...
@_date: 2016-01-14 13:48:05


It is my understanding that there are currently four forks of bitcoin-core that has implemented "create a hardfork of the blockchain two weeks after 75% of miners signal support for it":
* BitcoinXT, the first one from Mike Hearn, following BIP-0101.  XT also included other patches that Hearn thought was important, but the Core developers didn't want in.  It's also possible to run XT without BIP-0101-support (that is, a non-hard-forking variant of XT)
* Bitcoin Core patched to support BIP-0101, but without the rest of the XT logic.
* Bitcoin Unlimited.  The BU-folks thinks that every node and miner should set their own hard- and soft limits.  Miners will be inclined to not produce too big blocks as that increases the orphan risk.  BU is made to be compatible with XT, if it's used for mining the default config won't create blocks bigger than what's allowed in XT, it will flag BIP-101-support.
* Bitcoin Classic, latest shot.  So far it is just a clean clone of bitcoin core, with pull requests for BIP-0102 and branding.  The "sales point" on the public web page says it should be just clean core with the BIP-102-patch, but from what I can understand they are trying to etch out long-term strategies, strategies for democratic influence from the community, and rules for future governance of the project.  If I've understood it correct, the raison d'être of the "classic" project is to try to get more of the community involved, by having Gavin as the frontperson and by getting backing from big exchanges and industry leaders, as well as choosing one of the more modest big-block-proposals (BIP-102).
I believe the "big-block-community" will stay together, for all three the most important thing right now is to lift up the 1MB limit.  The Bitcoin Unlimited folks have officially stated that they are supporting the Classic project 100%, and they are using BIP101-flag in blocks mined rather than a special BU-flag.
Hope this helps.  Please correct me if I've misunderstood anything or lost something.
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:41:02
I don't want to have a credit card, but I still want to be able to buy a latte.
I'm privileged, other people *can't* have a credit card.  Should we deny them the right to buy a latte?
@_date: 2016-03-04 18:56:47
@_date: 2016-03-11 20:58:20
The size of the fee doesn't matter at all for the merchant - after all, it's the customer that is paying the fee.  The real killer for the merchant is the uncertainity.  Yes, even for the customer who knows how to do the fee estimations - you never know, what seemed like a good estimate at one instant of time may be a far too low estimate before the next block is mined.
It used to be very simple - the customer asks for a latte, the barrista makes a payment request, the customer scans the QR-code, press "accept", the barrista sees the inbound 0-conf, the customer smiles, grabs the latte and leaves.  Neither the merchant nor the customer needed to know any technical details about bitcoins.  The risk of the transaction timing out or the customer doing a double-spend attack was really negible.  Not so anymore.  
I suppose those people who are insisting that zero-conf cannot be trusted *by design* actually do have a point.  Still, there are lots of merchants today that depends on zero-conf, and as long as there is enough space in the blockchain it is working out really neat.  The Lightning Network can probably take over the role 0-conf traditionally had, *but then it's important to ensure we have enough room in the blocks until LN is operative and a realistic alternative to 0-conf*.
There exists tools at the merchant side to see if a 0-conf-transaction is "safe" or "risky", but from the merchant side, receiving a "risky" 0-conf-transaction is a nightmare - the choice is between giving away the latte knowing that the transaction probably won't go through or to give the customer a really bad experience ("come back in 48 hours, if the transaction has confirmed then you can get your latte").
There also exists desent wallets that would ensure to create good transactions, but it would be very much against the spirit of bitcoin if the merchant would only accept certain wallets.
Personal anectode: I have experienced a timed-out transaction myself - luckily I knew the risk, luckily the customer was honest and luckily we held contact.  Customer used the Blockchain wallet.  The fee was hardcoded at 100 uBTC, which could have been enough ... except this transaction had too many inputs and was 2.2kB big!  The blockchain was under DoS-siege, so I could see at cointape at once that the transaction wouldn't go through within 48 hours.
Another personal anectode: I managed to shoot myself in the foot the other day, my mycelium wallet had been completely emptied, I got one "big" utxo from bitstamp into it, first thing I do is to donate a small amount to wikimedia.  Now, it's not particularly important for me if it goes through or not or that it goes through fast, so I sent the lowest fee mycelium would allow ... without considering that the rest of the wallet content would end up as an unconfirmed change utxo.  Probably, today I could have fixed it by also using RBF and then RBF-fix the whole thing, but it's a bit beside the point ...  my point is that even I can do such mistakes nowadays.  Now think of the ordinary user out there who has no clue about concepts like "utxo", "change utxo", "fee", "queuing theory", "RBF", "onfirmations", etc ... and frankly, I prefer that the ordinary user can safely spend and receive Bitcoins without having to study blockchain theory!
@_date: 2016-03-17 08:31:01
Well, you validate the block headers and promise to validate the transactions as soon as you get them, as well as not to let a chain with unvalidated transactions live for more than 30s.
It's a big step forward compared to the SPV-mining-practice of today, but I can understand that it's controversial.
This seems to illustrate the different points of view between classic and core perfectly.  Classic: "let's solve the problems and push out something that is *good enough*".  Core: "there aren't any problems as of today, but let's solve this *perfectly* before it becomes a problem".
@_date: 2016-01-05 17:01:18
give him coffee
@_date: 2016-01-12 16:00:14
I was encouraged to write it up as a separate post:
@_date: 2016-03-05 08:38:18


I think it was pretty well advertised that the 1M-limit was a temporary thing, meant to be increased *before* hitting the ceiling.
A "well-founded social media campaign" - I think I can see that one, with transactions deliberately filling up the blocks, the vote brigadeering now taking place on etc.  I wish we could stay away from ad-hominems, vote brigadeering, DDoS-attacks, DoS-attacks etc and focus on valid argumentation instead.  That said, I have full trust in Gavin and Jeff.
@_date: 2016-03-02 08:40:42
Looks very wrong to me too, I will ask again what wallet he was using later.
I've tried sending the funds further to a service provider with the highest fee Mycelium allowed me to throw in, though I suppose the transactions will time out.
@_date: 2016-03-10 06:42:11


I dislike it, I think it's inelegant and doesn't really solve anything.
I haven't followed the debate, but I guess the purpose was to stop satoshi "you lost the bet"-messages to be relayed through the bitcoin network.  Well, it didn't really work out, did it?  And if someone really want to record some information on the blockchain without moving 5460 satoshis, that still seems like a relatively easy thing to do - just do it by using two transactions instead of one.  I believe it would have made more sense to increase the default min relay fee.
@_date: 2016-01-14 14:21:00
Remember that there aren't just two sides here voting "for" or "against" the change, but actually three sides ... if not more.  Some are definitively "for" the change, someone are definitively "against" the change and then you have the rest ... "don't care", "haven't considered yet", "I am actually for, but I've lost the password for my mining rig, so I haven't been able to set the vote yet", "I think I'm for, but I don't think I should be the one to decide this".
How many percent of the miners do you expect to actively vote?
Imagine the Bitcoin project being completely stone-walled.  Imagine the limit was set to 256kb and not 1MB.  I believe even Luke would agree 256kb is not enough, I believe nobody with a stake in Bitcoin would actively protesting against increasing that limit - and still I believe it would be impossible to pass the 95% threshold.
Think also a bit about real elections, i.e. changing the constitution.  Usually you'd require 66% or 75% majority, and maybe you'd require sustained majority over a longer time frame, but I've never heard about any democracies having rules that can't be changed with less than 95% majority.  With a 95% majority requirement, the next step inevitably will be a revolution to get rid of the 5% holding back. 
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:41:45
But you're also disincentivizing merchants to accept Bitcoins at all by keeping the block limit lower than demand.
The Lightning Network won't be needed if merchants and customer has moved on to another cryptocurrency before LN is rolled out.
@_date: 2016-03-02 14:56:53
I've had two inbound transactions from blockchain wallet users. It seems like the 0.0001 BTC fee is hardcoded there. The second customer couldn't change it, even if I asked for a higher fee. The first transaction was 2.2 kb big and has yet to go through - 24 hours later. After 48 hours it will time out, what's then?
I'm quite sure that someone is trying to make both a drama and a point here, and it seems more than likely that someone is doing this DoS-attack to prove a point, but please don't criticise me for making a drama. 
The second transaction was normal-sized and went through normally.
So, I'm personally affected, it's not
@_date: 2016-03-02 05:28:08
So, Bitcoin is no longer a currency, but a value transfer network to be used by experts, only.  I'm starting to think that Hearn was right.  Bitcoin is a failed experiment.
@_date: 2016-03-06 19:33:17
Bitcoin Unlimited possibly goes a bit further, there should be no hardcoded block size limit.  
However, the block size will not grow to 20MB overnight.  Every node should set soft-limits for what they will accept and rebroadcast (or mine upon), big blocks will cause an orphan risk, so the miners will be encouraged not to produce too big blocks.
@_date: 2016-03-03 05:02:11
So the current price is just half of the "fair price", does that mean the ming operators are already going in decifit today, before the halving?
@_date: 2016-03-10 06:33:50


Hard not to agree with that, but I also believe it's madness to claim Bitcoin ought not to be used for that purpose.
@_date: 2016-01-15 16:21:34
I didn't consider it at first, but that's a bloody good analogy.  I've already reused it.
I heard the license fee for this analogy is 3000 bits ...? :-)
@_date: 2016-01-14 14:23:05
No.  No.  NO!
@_date: 2016-01-16 21:32:52
... and that is totally legitimate.  bitcoin-core has been forked 5631 times according to  :-)
Censoring information about those projects and proposals are bad.  Someone trying to introduce bitcoin-morecoins introducing more coins to the miners won't get any traction, it will be ridiculed, they will be downvoted on reddit, and nobody will run said software.  From my perspective, it seems that the "classic"-project has major industry backing, solid backing from the community and supermajority of miners backing it as well.
@_date: 2016-01-27 12:22:43
I believe the post would be better with the "[core] should apologize for not having done so earlier" removed.
I believe that until recently core has first of all been an open source project, not a political organization.  It is not in the nature of open source projects to come with public statements.  Apparently it is very much needed now, but demanding an apology for not doing it earlier may be over the line.
@_date: 2016-03-06 11:16:22
100 kb would have been perfect back in 2010, because it would have worked out as intended, a **temporary** limit meant to be lifted or removed.  It would have been much better with a friendly discussion in 2011 on how to proceed, instead of a very toxic debate in 2014/2015/2016 on how to proceed.
@_date: 2016-03-11 21:02:08
RemindMe! 2016-12-01
@_date: 2016-01-15 22:21:33
@_date: 2016-03-02 05:25:45
So, you're in the "1 MB ought to be enough forever"-camp?
Probably Hearn was right.  Bitcoin is a failed experiment.
@_date: 2016-03-17 12:03:13


Not at all relevant nor significant.
This is a pull request on a development branch - a pull request that has one NACK and 0 ACKs - so it's not significant.  It is intended to activate only when bootstrapping a node or after restarting a node that has been down for more than 24 hours.  If this can be activated by feeding the node with a block with wrong timestamp, it's clearly a bug, should be easy to fix.  Make this behaviour optional and it makes perfect sense; I can think of cases where people would be willing to sacrifice a bit of security for a quick startup.
@_date: 2016-01-18 00:54:45
No idea.  You may be right.
In any case, those opting to mine on the "easy" branch of the fork will earn "bitcoins" faster, and with some luck they may be able to sell those "bitcoins" to some uninformed buyer running old software or having an online wallet at some backwater provider that hasn't upgraded yet.  Though, it's a hard one to pull off.  I think in reality nearly every active actor will chose the "winning" branch and upgrade before the fork is reality, and those that haven't heard the news will simply experience that their branch of the blockchain is grinding to a halt.
@_date: 2016-03-10 06:21:28


No, indeed, transaction volume can grow either because the existing participants creates more transactions or because there are more users coming into the system.  It's not unreasonable to assume 20% of the actors contribute to 80% of the traffic, and it is not unreasonable to assume that quite much of the current traffic is "unimportant" and will disappear as the fees grow, so yes ... in that perspective there is still space for more users.  However, to me it also seems reasonable to assume that new users will be scared away by realizing that the transaction volume can't grow, by seeing high fees and by experiencing stuck transactions.
@_date: 2016-03-04 05:43:01
I would believe litecoin will get into the same troubles as Bitcoin whenever all the worlds coffee-sized transactions are running through it.
@_date: 2016-03-09 20:36:52


We were quite early with the debit cards.  I do remember (as a child) already in the 80s we had petrol pumps with self-service electronic card terminals.  I got my first own debit card in the 90s, it was with a smart-card chip, decades before it got normal.  Seems like an early failed experiment, it took at least 15 years until next time I had a card with a chip.
We have a domestic debit card standard ("Bank Axept"), the cards usually implements both Visa and Axept, but when used in a domestic terminal the payment would be routed through Axept.  Axept is reasonably cheap for the merchants, compared to Visa/Mastercard.  Some 15 years ago only shops targetting tourists would accept Visa/Mastercard, and shops with high profit margins (2% credit card fee, no big deal if the shop has low volume and a  100% markup on the prices, 2% credit card fee is a lot if the shop has a high turnover but a profit margin on just 5% of the turnover).  This was before the credit card companies started bribing customers with cashback bonuses.  
Nowadays it's pretty rare to find shops not accepting Visa/Mastercard, and Axept is gradually disappearing.  The banks want it, because they earn more money on the credit cards than the domestic debit cards, the customers want them because they are bribed with cashbacks, the merchants don't have any options as they will lose customers if they don't accept the credit cards - but eventually Visa and Mastecards are the real winners and the end customers are the real losers as the shops need to compensate by increasing their prices.
@_date: 2016-03-01 16:05:20


Have a downvote.


You are very wrong;
* the PoW overshadows the costs of handling big blocks with many orders of magnitude.
* the miners are free to chose how big blocks they want to mine
* the miners can get more fee income the more transactions they put into the blocks.
The real issue is that increasing the limit will give miners in China a bit more of a competitive edge than what they already have.  Then again, with all the good stuff in 0.12.0 and in the pipeline, this is pretty much moot wrg of a 2 MB limit.
@_date: 2016-03-06 09:13:28


I'm taking hourly snapshots of the data there (as exposed by the API) and has done so since November.  I've attempted to make some plots with PyPlot, but I'm not very good at it, so nothing that it makes sense to publish - and there are so many different ways one can graph this, so as for now I've shelfed the idea of graphing it.  Anyway, if anyone would like to cooperate on this or to get a raw dump of the data I have, send a PM ...
@_date: 2016-03-06 11:19:50
Regarding "long-chain-junk-transactions", 0.11 had priority queues allowing transactions with higher bitcoin-days-destroyed to bypass such "junk" - if I understand it right, it's been removed in 0.12.  Maybe the default prioritaztion algorithms should be given a bit more thought?
@_date: 2016-03-17 08:56:48


I searched a bit and the only thing I found was this: 
I don't think that classifies as an "aggressive attack on the specification"?
@_date: 2016-03-17 12:08:01


it should be easy to implement said [BIP](  Any reasons for not doing it (except that said BIP is only a draft)?
@_date: 2016-03-09 10:21:56
My point is that a "store of value"-currency that can't be used for buying a sandwich most likely will fail at some point. 
Some people compare bitcoin with gold, but remember that gold has been used directly or indirectly as a means of payment for thousands of years, and there aren't any other metals that are nearly as well suited as gold for being a currency.  Bitcoin, with less than 10 years history, a market cap that (in the grand picture) is quite insignificant, and with competition from hundreds of alt-coins as well as the establishment ... I do believe the price will fall to 0 at some point, especially if the vision moves from "payments" to "store of value".  
The payments use-case can give the bitcoins a sustainable value, so it's important to keep the vision for bitcoin payments alive, as well as to support merchants accepting bitcoins.
Lightning ... I hope it will become a reliable way of doing small payments and eventually replace the 0-conf-use-cases ... because obviously the bitcoin network does not scale enough to allow the worlds population to do their daily lunch purchases on-chain,  and 0-conf-transactions becomes unreliable when the blocks are full and the miners honor RBF.
@_date: 2016-03-10 06:36:59


Please point it out, because I've failed to see it.
At the other hand, as far as I can see, the segwit discount does in best case provide a 1.7x capacity increase, while it at the worst case can give us 4x the block size.
@_date: 2016-01-21 10:36:42
I'm not that sure.  If 95% of the miners are mining for profit only and don't give a damn about the political debate, it's not really significant that 5% keep changing what pool they contribute to.  Also, it is a significant cost to change pool, isn't it?
@_date: 2016-03-06 20:12:12
I think the biggest problem is not that the fees rose a bit, but that using the wrong fees would cause a really bad user experience. For a merchant accepting 0-conf transactions this is pretty bad.  For a payer paying to a merchant not accepting 0-conf, using the wrong wallet software or just being unlucky it also causes a really bad user experience.
In general, my transactions went through without problems, I found the fees affordable, however there was one notable exception; I was in the receiver end of a zero-confirmation transaction issued by a blockchain.info wallet.  It seems that in this wallet, the fee is hardcoded to 0.0001 BTC, the payer can't change it, and the transaction I got was 2.2 kb big.  Eventually it did time out after 48 hours.
This was no disaster for me, I had contact information on the buyer, the buyer was an honest person, and I understood relatively fast that the transaction most likely wouldn't go through at all.  However, for a regular buyer/merchant such things do cause a pretty bad user experience.  If a merchant loses significant money on this, then they will stop accepting bitcoins.  A user may be intimdated because they don't understand the issue in the first place.
With "highest fees first" as the default queuing algorithm in 0.12 and in a scenario with a growing backlog, it's no longer so that using a "low-priority" fee will cause the payment to be some few blocks delayed.  It gets into a more binary mode; either the transaction will be confirmed in the first block, or it's a significant risk that the transaction won't be confirmed at all.  Even worse, maybe one thinks that a small donation to wikimedia is really low-pri stuff and uses a low transaction fee - but one does risk that all the wallet contents gets stuck in the transaction, sent to a "change"-address.
I'm in no doubt that someone tried to orchestra extra drama in by spamming the sub with posts complaining about stuck transactions, but we should not disregard the probability that there were real users there venting their frustration due to real transactions.  What kind of comfort did they get in Probably framed a little bit more polite, but I read many of the responses as ...
* it's your fault for being far too cheap on the transaction fees!
* it's your fault for using shitty wallet software!  Anyone should know by now that blockchain.info is not to be trusted!
* it's your fault for accepting payments from people using such shitty software as blockchain.info!
* we don't care about your petty payments usecase!  Bitcoin is digital gold, get used to it!
@_date: 2016-03-17 12:38:24


Do you have sources on this?
As far as I know, a ban has been proposed multiple times, but is not in effect yet.
@_date: 2016-01-21 10:33:59
What happens if we get a fork with two long chains, and the 1MB4eva-chain at some point overtakes the 2MB-chain?
Does the "longest chain" only apply to block height, or is the difficulty taken into consideration?  Because when the difficulty target of the 1MB4eva-chain drops like a stone, selfish miners may want to continue mining at the easy branch.
@_date: 2016-01-11 23:26:56
You must be trolling.  Well, OK, I know nothing about US legislation, but to me it seems like your points are utterly irrelevant.  Peter Todd orders a service, he shows that he has the intention and means to pay for the order, he receives his service, and then willfully he's stopping the payment from going through because he has no intention to pay for the order he just placed and the service he just received.  In most of the civilized world, this is **fraud**, no matter the technical details of the payment technology.
**First**, of course coinbase is very well aware that 6 confirmations is much more secure than 0 confirmations, by analogue a company receiving credit card payments  will for sure know that a nine months old transaction is much safer than a one day old transaction.  For sure companies accepting credit card payments or cheques will want to do some extra checks on big deposits.  For sure companies dealing with credit card payments and cheque payments does accept a certain fraud rate as a "cost of business".  **However, this is completely irrelevant**.  Todd has ordered a service, shown the world that he is willing to pay for the service, received the service, and then willfully stopped the payment from going through.  This can be done successfully with bitcoins, visa, mastercard and cheques, and it is fraud.
**Second**, in business it's completely acceptable practice to ship or deliver goods or a service first and then send an invoice later (well - at least in Europe.  No idea about the US.  But it is normal to pay _after_ eating the meal in a restaurant in the US as well, isn't it?  And wouldn't it be fraud if the guest just left without paying?  Surely the restaurant is aware of the risk, surely the restaurant could have installed barbed wire fences around the dining tables on the street).  If one is ordering and receiving goods or services but having no intention to pay for it, then it is fraud.  That the merchant should understand that there is a risk is ... still completely irrelevant.
**Third**, yes, coinbase would have the burden of proof, but this is also quite irrelevant, it's still defined as fraud even if the court would have to dismiss the case.  Bragging about the fraud on public forums probably won't help the defendant.
**Additionally**, yes, if Peter Todd has done what he claims he has done, he has been committing fraud.  My contact information is easily googlable.
@_date: 2016-03-03 05:06:25
I don't remember when I heard of Bitcoins first, but I do remember I considered getting into Bitcoins when wikileaks got boycotted by the credit card mafia back in 2010 ... I thought it was important both for ideological reasons and because the BTC-value most likely would go to the moon.  But then there was other things coming up in my life so I postponed looking into Bitcoins, my priorities can be pretty crazy sometimes.  (like, why do I spend time now posting on reddit, when there is so many other things I ought to do?).
@_date: 2016-03-17 08:46:00
There is also the 30s timeout, that would prevent several blocks to be built on top of a block where the transactions haven't been validated yet.
@_date: 2016-03-04 15:47:54
RBF allows for a bit of optimizing, if there are multiple outbound transactions in the wallet they can be merged together.  But probably not much significant anyway ...
@_date: 2016-01-15 13:53:23
Indeed, the softforker/hardforker can be considered as a different axis ... though it usually aligns up as "increase that limit" is hard to do without a hard fork.
There is also the complex/simple axis.  Increasing the limit is a simple code change, while segragated witness, lightning network and sidechains are more complex.  Someone wrote somewhere else on reddit, that the bigblockers wants to buy an umbrella because it's raining, while the current core team doesn't need an umbrella because they are busy building a submarine :-)
@_date: 2016-03-11 16:34:11
Predictions for the rest of 2016:
* Classic will not get sufficient mining adoption to cause a hardfork, but it will get significant adoption.  Meaning the "core consensus" will rule the game, but not without cooperating actively with miners and other parties.
* Blocks will be reasonably full throughout the year
* Transaction volume will grow slowly once segwit is deployed, and by the end of the year it will in average be 380k with transactions pr day.
* Daily median optimal transaction fees, as predicted by cointape / bitcoinfees.21.com will slowly grow from around 50 satoshis/byte today to towards 90 satoshi/byte towards the end of the year.
* Quite many transactions with too low fee will time out 
* Merchants will gradually drop support for zero-conf transactions.  It will be hard to buy a latte for bitcoins.
* People using RBF will be able to avoid the problem with stuck transactions.  We'll also get CPFP, meaning that the receiver can avoid inbound transactions timing out.
* Some low-value transfers will silently be disappearing.
* Bitcoin value will stay put (though, the halving is a great joker here).  Bitcoin will still be the king of cryptocurrencies through 2016, but the total market capitalization of cryptocurrencies will continue growing exponentially while the market cap of Bitcoins will only grow linearly.
* There will still be two sides in the debate, heated arguments and lots of group think.  Regardless which side one is on in the debate, of course "the other side" is abusing the terms "consensus" and "contagious", it's not us but the other side that are promoting a "hostile takeover attempt", it's not us but the other side that is "centralizing" the Bitcoin network, it's us and not them that are the true believers of "Satoshis vision", etc.
* People on will keep saying that everything is good and dandy and working out well, people on will keep complaining about bad user experiences, stuck transactions, merchants dropping out, etc.
* While the bitcoin project will limp along, we have no clue how successful it would have been, what the market course would have been, etc, if we had just been increasing the capacity ... preferably already in 2010 or 2013.
* Despite all the hardship, we'll be more optimistic on the Bitcoin future in December 2016 than today.
!RemindMe 2016-12-01
@_date: 2016-03-04 19:59:54
Has *any* developers so far publically stated that they won't ever contribute to the Bitcoin project anymore if BIP-109 is forced through?  And if so, can we trust it?  I find it reasonable to believe some of the core developers and contributors may lose motivation or leave in anger, but probably a minority.  It could be that many skilled wanna-be-core-developers are prioritizing other projects now because they don't like the current direction of the project.  So no, I think this is not a legitimate argument.
@_date: 2016-01-15 16:22:46
thanks :-)
@_date: 2016-03-06 11:07:55
I would rather prefer there wasn't any problems.
That one does have to pay some fees to get the transactions confirmed and sometimes even up to a millibitcoin to get the transactions confirmed fast and reliably, that ought to be acceptable, it does not ought to be a problem.
However, for many users and merchants it IS a problem that the transactions aren't confirming reliably.  Users may have failed to read the memo that the blocks are full, merchants have no ways to influence how much fees the customer is paying, and sometimes the users can't even chose themselves how big fees to pay.
I did have a customer who "hadn't gotten the memo", using the blockchain wallet.  It seems that the blockchain wallet always add a 100 uBTC fee, and the user cannot override.  The transaction was  exceptionally big (2.2 kb) and timed out after 48 hours.  Luckily we had contact with each other after the transaction, luckily we were aware of the issue and luckily the customer was honest.  It could have been worse.
Until the Lightning Network is de-facto available for coffee-sized purchases, we do need 0-confirmations to remain somehow reliable.
@_date: 2016-01-15 09:21:08
I'd rather buy an umbrella than invest in submarine factories when it starts raining ...
@_date: 2016-01-11 22:54:22
I've noticed quite much extra info in the payment QR codes recently, obviously the amount to be paid, but also the name of the receipient, etc.  Isn't it possible to embed the minimum transaction fee into the QR code?
@_date: 2016-01-20 11:57:43


A code fork is not that bad per se.  According to github, the code has already been forked some thousand times.  What is really bad is when the code forks cannot agree about the protocol and the rules of the game.
We need to stop the "political war".  There are conspiracy theories and smear campaigns and FUD going on at both sides of the trench.  
We need to realize that probably neither an increase to a 2 MB limit (with &gt;75% miner support) nor the core roadmap will kill bitcoin.  Bitstream depends on a viable bitcoin for its survival, and the miners have a big interest in maximizing the btc value.
@_date: 2016-01-11 23:34:22
In the credit card world, the fees are deducted from the merchants margins.  It ought to be the same for merchants accepting bitcoins; it's up to the merchant to decide how urgently the confirmation is needed, so the merchant should pay the fee.  This can be done by presenting i.e. a 20 mBTC payment request as 19 mBTC + 1 mBTC fee.  Yes, the problem calculating the fee still exists, but when the merchant accepts 0-conf it's in the merchants interest with a speedy confirmation, the merhant shouldn't have to trust that the customers software is generous with the fees.
@_date: 2016-01-12 20:07:57
I think BIP-0070 seems overly complex.  One of the things I really like with bitcoin payments, as opposed to cardit card transactions and in particular "3D-secure" payments is ... simplicity and resilence.  No need for interactivity, all that is needed is to pass the address and eventually amount.  I have been doing some traditional web-merchant payment integrations, and it seems so fragile - what if something goes wrong in the middle of the payment interaction such that we lose state, i.e. network problem, power loss, OOM, etc ... one can end up in a state where we don't know if the payment went through or not.
With the QR codes it's even possible to pass the address on preprinted papers and check the payments through simple unauthenticated web browsing or a cronscript.  We're organizing flee markets for fundraising twice a year, paper printouts with QR-codes can be made in advance and hung up.  Best part, anyone can verify that the payment got through.  With cash payments it's always easy to put the money into the pocket instead of supporting the fundraising, with bitcoin payments it would be very visible.
@_date: 2016-01-13 09:15:51
It may be a valid criticism that we don't want "75% of the mining power" to force through decisions changing the Bitcoin protocol, but defining those implementations as "altcoin" seems to me to serve only one purpose - being able to censor discussion and promotion of those implementation (and BIPs) without changing the moderation rules.
@_date: 2016-03-01 07:31:25
It's more than 5 years since Garzik first suggested to raise the limit.
@_date: 2016-01-13 05:25:16


No, they are alternative clients whose purpose is to make bitcoin-core into an altcoin :p
@_date: 2016-01-13 10:40:54
... and what if the client and merchant disagrees on what is "normal fees"?  This can cause a horrible user experience ... read  and replace "RBF" with "too low fees" ...
@_date: 2016-01-06 00:31:28
* It would allow the sender to increase the fee for a pending transaction, this _is_ useful for the receiver.  
* It would allow the sender to consolidate outgoing transaction and save the sender some fees - no direct benefits for the receiver, except possibly some "goodwill bonus".
* It would allow the sender to cancel a pending transaction.  The receiver may lose some income from this, but possibly the "goodwill bonus" is worth more than the potential lost income.
@_date: 2016-03-17 16:57:37


Even though the total bandwidth requirement is in best case "only" lowered by 50%, the data needed for a node to fully validate blocks is lowered *a lot*, reducing the amount of empty SPV-blocks.
@_date: 2016-01-15 14:47:56
There is also another effect; the time it takes to distribute the block is dependent on the block size.  Big miners or mining pools will have an advantage as they get a headstart and can start mining on the next block before the rest of the field.  Since the margins in the mining industry is tight, such small effects matters.
@_date: 2016-01-15 21:54:19


I believe that is a misunderstanding.
There are lots of accusations and conspiracy theories flying around.  Let me present one of the conspiracy theories.
Most of the core developers are employed by Blockstream, and Blockstream is hoping to do commercial success with their projects "lightning network" and "sidechains".  Both those projects aim to take transactional traffic away from the main blockchain.  One of the conspiracy theories is that the core team wants to cripple the block chain to be able to pull more traffic over to their solutions (and hence control the traffic).
Personally I believe there may be some grains of truth in it, but ...
* Bitstream needs a strong bitcoin, if they "cripple" the blockchain they will be sawing off the branch they're sitting on.
* There is business value in sidechains and the lightning network even if there is plenty of room in the blocks and very low transaction fees.
* I believe sidechains and lightning is implemented as open source, Bitstream can never fully control it, I believe their business model is to offer consulting and tailor-made solutions.
@_date: 2016-03-06 19:49:06
Well, "good luck" if you insist on sticking to minority rules and follow another chain than what the economical majority defines as the "longest valid bitcoin chain".  The coins mined on the new chain won't be accepted anywhere, and in case of double-spends nobody will care about what truth you find in your version of the chain.
We've had many so-called soft-forks rolled out; they do change the rules of the game.  They are designed so that the blocks mined by an upgraded node still is accepted as valid by the whole network, but there are risks running an old client that doesn't understand the new rules.  A block mined by old software may be found invalid by the upgraded nodes and orphaned, and the old software will not understand the logic and restrictions on new-style transactions.
So far we haven't had a planned hard-fork yet (we had an accidental hard-fork in 2013), but it's long overdue.  Ugly soft-forks have caused quite a lot of technical debt, and it's pretty obvious that the 1 MB-limit has to go (and, IMHO, should have been lifted several years ago already).
I find it scary that there still exists people thinking that "1 MB ought to be enough for anyone".  With that limit, we've already reached the apex, bitcoin will probably never be worth more than today, and the user base won't grow significantly.
@_date: 2016-03-17 18:29:34


Satoshi did get inspiration from hashcash, but this doesn't give Adam any kind of authority as I see it.  Remember, he dismissed bitcoin until 2013, despite Satoshi sending him emails personally on the subject in 2009.
@_date: 2016-03-07 04:31:16


Indeed, the post here doesn't say "1 MB forever", but as I read it, it does encourage people to stick to the 1 MB limit.
@_date: 2016-03-01 16:15:21






Planning, yes indeed.  It would have been nice if we could have turned back the clock and planned this years ago.
Garzik correctly identified that the limit ought to be raised already in October 2010.  This was lifted again in 2013, in 2014 the debate intensified, in 2015 the debate was pretty hot.  Coming up with a road map that didn't even include a proper block size increase in December 2015 was not good enough.
@_date: 2016-01-14 14:01:02


Both sides of the debate has merit.  Bigger blocks leads to bigger risk of centralization which leads to a risk of government intervention (with &gt;50% of the hash rate being located in China, we're already there, aren't we?)  At the other hand, the current limit is holding the bitcoin back and may cause a terrible user and merchant experience once transactions with "ordinary" fees won't get confirmed within reasonable time, which again may prove to kill adoption, this is also a big risk.  Let's discuss facts and risks instead of accusing each other, censoring each other, or reiterating conspiracy theories.
The world is not black and white.  There is no such thing as "good" and "evil".  Those that aren't with us is not necessary against us.  The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
@_date: 2016-01-12 19:41:50
@_date: 2016-01-06 12:39:59
As far as I've understood it, the possibility to consolidate outgoing transactions to save block space and outgoing fees is the main sales point with RBF (and FSS-RBF won't help), so it should not be dismissed.
The "undo-button" is indeed very bad exactly because it breaks use cases and business cases where one would like to rely on zero-conf.
An "undo"-button must not have a significant probability to work after the payer has received whatever services or goods he has paid for - but that's also the only real problem with an undo-button.
Humans do mistakes and humans do change their minds, so for other use cases or business cases an undo-button would be perfectly fine - a good thing to have, indeed.  Personal interwallet transfers, charitable donations, purchases at merchants that ignores zero-conf transactions ... in all those cases there are no problems with an undo-button that works until the transaction is confirmed, and the payer may have good, legitimate reasons to cancel the transaction.
One out of very many marginal corner cases: you've tried to pay for a last-minute flight ticket or a theatre ticket, but the confirmation didn't get through in time, so you were not allowed to board/enter.  Undo?  Yes-pretty-please-with-sugar-on-top!
@_date: 2016-01-27 13:59:24
Indeed.  Thanks, this was a useful reminder.
I believe that in debates and discussions, the "upvote"-button should be used on good arguments based on facts - regardless if one agrees with the viewpoints put forth or not.
The "downvote"-button should be used on comments that are irrelevant, spammy, non-factual, ad-hominem or otherwise using dishonest  argument techniques, and one should always give a reason for the downvote.  Downvoting simply because one disagrees is a very bad thing to do.
In reality things doesn't work out like that.  Many "voting warriors" seem to be systematically downvoting anything written by the people they disagree with and systematically upvoting everything from the people they agree with, this causes group think, and that's very bad.  I must admit I tend to forget my own rules for good usage of the voting button, though I do find myself downvoting quite many "bad" comments from the "common bigblockers" as well as upvoting comments from people I disagree with rather often.  (I consider myself to be a "bigblocker")
@_date: 2016-01-15 11:09:01
It feels to me that things have changed over the last couple of weeks.  Threads like this one would usually disappear almost before they were posted.
@_date: 2016-03-06 10:11:08
and Hy-Brasil is not sinking ... 
@_date: 2016-01-20 11:51:47
The bitcoin classic hard fork does not seem inevitable - if BitFury is against it, then it will be hard to get the needed 75%+ support for increasing the blocksize limit.  An attempt on doing a hard-fork with less than 75% support is a very bad idea and unlikely to happen.  I can understand that BitFury would get a little bit worse margins with higher block size limit, since most of their mining hardware is located outside the Chinese domestic network.
When/if a hard-fork happens, the best case scenario seems to be that everyone adopts the new rules (the very best would be that the core project also delivers compatibility with the new rules).  There would always be some nodes, miners and wallet owners that will be out of the loop and not upgrading their software - they will soon find out that the blockchain has stopped growing and that something is wrong; as soon as they upgrade their software everything will be fine.  Some few "ghost mining rigs" will ensure there still are some new blocks coming to the deprecated branch - like one block a day - but it will take years before the next difficulty adjustment, so for all practical purposes the "old" branch will be dead.  We'll get a big jump in bitcoin value as the actors realized the hard fork went through without a hitch.
in the very worst scenarios ...we'll get a real and permanent fork.  
1) if ~25% of the community insists on continuing with the current rules - well, confirmations would get through very slowly due to the lack of miners, and the blocks would probably be very full.  After some months we'll have a difficulty adjustment, and blocks will again be coming every tenth minute.  Maybe more often as some try to grab "cheap" coins at the old network.  Alternatively, core will introduce new mining rules, and we'll efficiently get three splits ... those running outdated software, core and classic.  The total market capitalization will drop a lot.
To add to the confusion, most transactions are likely to come up at both sides of the fork.  People will probably want to treat their "core coins" and "classic coins" as two distinct entities and will be doing double spends to ensure their coins also fork.  Chaoz and doom.
I tried posting something similar at  but didn't have much success with that :-)
@_date: 2016-01-14 22:09:46
xapo is probably the largest (and only) custodian of bitcoin that the journalist has heard of :-)
@_date: 2016-01-07 05:22:03
FSS-RBF is problematic because the change to be returned to the wallet also is to be regarded as immutable in the transaction - hence the only way to increase the fee is to add more inputs, which will cause more change to be returned back to the wallet and increase the transaction size.  It also depends on there being more inputs available in the wallet.  If one could make opt-in-RBF apply only to the "change"-part of the transaction we'd be covered - but there are privacy-reasons why that would be bad.
If the receiver doesn't honor 0-conf transactions, then the funds should be considered to be the receivers until the transaction is confirmed.  I'd insist that it's harmless that the sender can cancel said transaction.  For the receiver, a 0-conf transaction hasn't happened, one shouldn't have to ask the receiver to cancel a transaction that hasn't happened.  I do have another use-case example, this time one that I've sort of encountered myself:
I'm selling BTC for cash on Localbitcoins.  Sometimes we negotiate to meet within short time (i.e. half an hour), but as LBC demands 3 confirmations it's always a gamble if I don't have enough funds in my LBC wallet.  Luckily most customers would accept a zero-conf wallet-to-wallet transfer in those cases, but it may be important to negotiate that in advance.  Say, the message "I'd like to buy 1 BTC, can we meet at 16:45?" pops in on LBC at 16:00, the LBC balance is 0.9 and the mobile phone hot wallet balance is 0.9.  I'd immediately shuffle my funds from my mobile to LBC with a high fee, hoping for 3 confirmations within 45 minutes.  While the odds are on my side that it will go through, there is a chance it won't.  If the first confirmation still haven't happened within ten minutes, or if the buyer responds that he is fine with a wallet-to-wallet-0-conf transfer before the confirmation goes through, I'd like to cancel the LBC-bound transaction.
It's not really my job to defend RBF - I do see the dangers of RBF, and I don't think it's necessary to implement it now.  The blockstream folks have done an attempt on defending RBF at 
I think zero-conf will be broken and RBF will be needed when the blocks go permanently full - and this will become a problem soon if we can't increase the block size.  While some few people seem to think this is unproblematic, I think it has already been holding the BTC-value back for several months now and this new reality will be a serious blow to the BTC when it happens.
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:02:02


We need Bitcoin to cope with coffee-sized transactions and lower, or it ain't a payment network, and if it doesn't work out as a payment network, then it will not work out as a currency, and if it doesn't work out as a currency, then forget about the "digital gold"-usecase, the price will collapse sooner or later, as some other altcoin becomes the de-facto currency both for coffee-sized transactions and movement of bigger amounts of wealth.
I find it hard to believe it's even remotely possible to store all transactions including all the worlds coffee cup purchases on the blockchain, and I agree it's not even desirable.  I hope the Lightning Network will help us with this.  However, while we're waiting for the Lightning Network to become reality, we need bigger blocks.
I think we're privileged beings living in a privileged time, being able to record our coffee transactions on the blockchain.  It won't last - but we need it to last for some few more years, at least.
@_date: 2016-01-12 19:41:27
Could have a parameter "fee_pr_byte" rather than just "fee".
@_date: 2016-01-16 07:27:48
Yes, as it's also been mentioned in the other reply thread, there are actually at least three axis of disagreement, bigblock/smallblock, hardfork/softfork and complex/simple.  RBF also ought to be mentioned, can briefly be described as ... "instant payments have always been broken, it has always been relatively easy to cheat and cancel pending transactions, so we can as well set up wallets with an undo-button" vs "instant payments are important for user experience and lots of business cases today, an undo-button would be disasterous and it's fundamentally against the bitcoin philosophy to cancel transactions".
The current battle line is mainly between smallblocks+complex+softfork+RBF vs bigblocks+simple+hardfork+no RBF, though of course things aren't that black and white.
There probably are more "axises of disagreement" as well, but I probably covered the most important ones?
... and thanks a lot, that's my first inbound tip transaction :-)
@_date: 2016-01-05 16:56:40
For a merchant that doesn't accept 0-conf, RBF=yes makes perfect sense.
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:29:38
My prediction: It will pass USD 450 now as it gets clear that "bitcoin core" will be superceded by the "bitcoin classic" with sort of overwhelming majority ... 
... and I'm like shit, shit, shit!  I managed to sell around 10 coins on a "backwater exchange" for the old market price as the market price was dropping everywhere else, but as I'm dependent on traditional banks to be able to purchase those coins back again I'm stuck with fiat over the weekend :p
@_date: 2016-03-04 15:44:45


I'm wondering how it's going with the brick-and-mortar adoption in Arnhem
ping ... @_date: 2016-03-09 10:58:20


It's a slow process, but it's bound to happen.  Nobody likes cash.  The government doesn't like it because it can be used for tax evasion and criminality, the banks obviously doesn't like them as it makes it possible to transact without involving the banks, the merchants doesn't like them because it increases the risk of robbery and even the customers doesn't like them because they are bribed to use credit cards.  Pressure has started both in the EU, the USA and in many aligned countries to abandon the highest-valued notes that "obviously are only used for criminal purposes".  If they get it through, it will be the beginning of banning cash completely.
As for my local situation -  it's mandated by law that organizations should accept the local cash, but it's a "sleeping law", not enforced at all.  Even back in the 90s I do remember a friend of mine not having a credit card (only a domestic debit card) had problems renting a car, the rental companies only accepted credit card payments.   I need to use credit/debit cards to pay for my lunch, the locksmith shop downstairs have a poster on the entrance door now, stating that they do not accept cash "for security reasons", for most domestic online shops the credit cards (visa/mastercard) is the only acceptable means of payment, etc.
I stopped using cash around 1995, for almost twenty years I almost never had cash.  Buying beer in a Norwegian pub using a debit card was very abnormal back in 1995, and only some few pubs actually had payment terminals.  After I became involved in bitcoins I've jumped over to cash again - and I'm again doing abnormal things, most people pay with cards, in the shops they don't ask if I want to pay by cash or card, they route the payment request directly to the card terminal, and have to do extra work cancelling the transaction if I want to pay by cash.  I even experienced getting a big discount in a pub because they didn't have any change to give me.
@_date: 2016-01-27 05:05:45
4000 bits
@_date: 2016-01-10 23:14:58
**TLDR**: BTC can go to the moon, or it can become a derailed project.  I think that unless we keep up adopting new users and merchants and give them a good Bitcoin experience (which certainly involves "transactions going through" and "wow, I just paid for my coffee with bitcoins instead of visa"), Bitcoin _will_ become a "fringe thing" in some few years, mostly outcompeted by new and improved centralized banking solutions, and/or a jungle of altcoins, and/or the whole "decentralized cryptocurrency"-thing may end up being regulated into the underground markets.  The BTC value _will_ drop due to this.  To keep up the adoption rate we'll definitively need a higher effective blocksize pretty soon.  I'm concerned that the segregated witness is too late, too little and involving too much complexity, but I hope to be proven wrong.
Let me elaborate on what I mean with "derailment".
Bitcoin so far is a success in several ways;
1) Today, bitcoin is the de-facto standard for crypto-currencies - there is a jungle of alt-coins out there, but as for vehicles for transferring value they are still just marginal alt-coins. If the Bitcoin project will "derail" too much, then I'm concerned that we'll be stuck with a "jungle of cryptocurrency coins", bitcoin just being one out of many - and people won't bother to try to chose their favorite coin, they will chose whatever solutions their bank will provide.
2) Bitcoins have grown immensely in value, and will keep growing as more people join in as holders and users. Most people in the bitcoin environment are bitcoin holders and thus have direct interest in this. The trend may reverse if people give up on bitcoin. Regulations may never kill bitcoin, but it may cause bitcoins to become a very marginal thing with a low value.
3) Although most people know very little about "bitcoins", I believe a majority of the "digitally literate" population have at least heard the word by now. That may also reverse as people forget the word again.
Compare that with ...
1) Chat services. There used to be IRC, but the derailment started already in 1990 due to a protocol design flaw (any node in the network has super-admin-rights), and then the one and only IRC network eventually became split into many networks mostly due to arguing and disagreements. Today IRC is still alive, but hardly used by "ordinary people", and the "chat scene" is a real jungle out there with several IRC networks plus lots and lots of different proprietary networks. While there do exist some few open standards for chat networks, none of them have any significant adoption. Try to organize a chat meeting for a non-tech organization (and even in quite some tech organizations) and one will have a real hard time to find a chat service that is "acceptable" to all participants. The scalability issue may be as problematic for bitcoins as the "superadmin"-problem in IRC, and the heated blocksize arguments may prove to be toxic.
2) PGP. One can certainly argue that PGP has many problems, but "adoption" is certainly the biggest problem. It's 2016, and ordinary folks still have no clue how to sign or encrypt emails! SSL is the most widespread encryption, and until letsencrypt.org came we've been totally dependent to pay money to the "PKI mafia" for certificates, and ... trust them to do it right.
3) "Social media". There are some few big commercial actors that really have succeeded in building their proprietary ecosystems. People who want to stay socially connected have to become customers, not only of one, but of all those. I've heard wedding parties and such has been organized with the invitation on Facebook only. I'm not at Facebook, I've probably lost out on a lot of fun.
I'd say IRC and PGP are perfect examples of derailed projects. One can certainly claim they have failed for technical reasons, but the very biggest problem is lack of adoption.  Some may even claim that they aren't failed at all.  While I do use IRC and PGP on a daily basis, I'd still say it's "derailed projects" - they never lived up to their full potential and they never will.
As for the "social media" situation, that can be compared to the banks scrambling to invent "mobile payment". At least here in Norway we now have three banks competing to get any adoption for their proprietary closed solution. One of the features is that one can pay to a friend, the receiver will of course need to install the same app to be able to receive the money. With insufficient bitcoin adoption, bitcoin will continue being a "fringe" thing, while ordinary people will be using closed, platform-dependent and proprietary banking apps.
@_date: 2016-01-15 09:26:04
My biggest worry is not that one altcoin takes over and becomes the new standard for digital payments.  My biggest worry is that we'll end up with a jungle of altcoins.  "Hi buddy, I owe you some money.  Do you prefer dogecoins, titcoins, putincoins, litecoins or bitcoins?" ... "sorry, I'm only into dash, emercoins, bitshares and mastercoins".
@_date: 2016-01-14 22:14:02
~~moneybookers~~ ... I mean, skrill.com has something like that, no?  They actually accept Bitcoin deposits, but with a 5% markup.  Right ... I think I'll stick to credit cards if I really need to pay something through skrill ...
@_date: 2016-03-01 23:57:37
I do have an inbound transaction now with a 5 satoshi/byte fee.  I'm pretty sure the sender was in good faith, and he chose "confirmation within 6 blocks" in his user interface.  Could probably be blamed on the wallet, but still ... it's a bit arrogant to just brush away users with ... "oh, so you didn't want to pay enough fees?  there's your problem".  It's also a problem as it's quite often in the receivers interesst that high fees are used, while it's the sender deciding what fees to use.
@_date: 2016-03-04 19:54:22
Well, perhaps it's just me that has been unlucky.  I accepted a zero-conf-transaction from Blockchain wallet.  It was sent with far too low fees and timed out after 48 hours.  Luckily the sender was an honest man, we communicated over this problem and I did get paid in the end.
@_date: 2016-01-12 22:19:50
I think you may have misunderstood the proposal; this is just one (or more) additional optional parameters to be added to BIP-0021, the payment URI / QR code.  It's already possible to embed the amount in the QR-code.  A wallet supporting "fees-paid-by-merchant" would simply deduct the fee from the amount and ensure the fee paid is equal to the fee given in the URL.  This should be a trivial change.  Getting this into the official BIP, and conviencing wallet developers to support it, that's probably the hard part.
@_date: 2016-03-09 21:20:47


The block size limit act as a ceiling to the number of transactions we can have, and the transaction ceiling acts as a ceiling to the number of active users we have.  This is logic and shouldn't need any further evidence?
I'm not claming that a block size increase in itself will attract more users, I'm concerned that the adoption will slow down significantly now that the blocks are getting full.  It's not only that the fees will become so high that people will avoid using it for their latte purchases - it's also that the user experience is going down the drain, for someone totally not prepared for it, it's very frustrating to experience "stuck transactions", and it's not very helpful to blame the user for not using the apropriate fee - and the latest tad, blame the user for trying to use Bitcoin as a payment network!  I believe that we're quite dependent on continued adoption and usage if Bitcoin is to stay relevant and valuable.
Yes, eventually we will need to find other ways to solve that problem than to increase the block size.  RBF is one possible solution, but Opt-in RBF can be a disaster for latte-purchasers who neither understands RBF nor how to ensure that the transaction is sent with appropriate fee.
As a local bitcoin trader, I do have quite some experience with "users".  It used to be dead simple:  "you want to get started with Bitcoins?  Android?  Download Mycelium, buy some coins from me and have fun!".  It's not so fun anymore when I have to explain users about fees, the stuck transaction risk, the RBF-risk when receiving transactions, and I'd even have to explain about the "change output"; I once made this mistake myself: send a small donation to the Wikimedia Fundation with the lowest possible fee Mycelium would allow, from a wallet containing only one big unspent output.  The donation transaction stuck for 24 hours, no problem.  All the wallet contents being stuck in the same transaction ... not fun anymore :-(  (CPFP would solve this problem nicely).


I fail to see that raising the 2MB limit would put Bitcoin in any danger.
Miner centralization in China is a big problem already, and I do see that big blocks traditionally would cause a further advantage for Chinese miners.  However, with techniques like thin blocks, weak blocks, SPV-mining, etc this advantage fades away and we could accept much bigger blocks.  Then there is secp256k1 speeding up block validation a lot - and lots of other good stuff.  The 1 MB limit probably made sense in 2010, but we've come a big way since then.
The number of nodes - I'm not overly concerned about the number of nodes falling, it's still relatively cheap to set up a non-mining node, still possible to do it at home, and the bandwith requirement isn't that bad still.  I don't see 2MB blocks causing any significant centralization pressure here.
Developer centralization.  I do think it's not a good situation that almost all the developers come from the federation that Snowden needs protection from.  (Classic won't really help to solve *that* issue).
Then there is the "zero-tolerance / slippery slope"-argument ... after all, the 2 MB blocks will most likely be full again by the end of the year, so the "bigblockers" will probably ask for 4 MB then ... and soon it will be 4 GB, which is obviously dangerous.  Well.  I fail to see "we can't handle 4 GB tomorrow" as a valid argument against "we need 2 MB today".  We do need an increase, 1 MB is obviously far too little for Bitcoin to get any reasonable adoption, there is nearly nobody claiming that 2 MB is dangerous, pretending the 2 MB-crowd wants 4 GB is a strawman, and hopefully we'll have solutions in place (i.e. LN) allowing people to buy latte using bitcoins off-chain but still decentralized before people scream for 4 GB blocks.


Remember, the lightning network *is* bitcoin.  The only problem is that the lightning network is not ready.  Perhaps at some point in the future, LN will solve all the 0-conf-usecases - but today we do need reasonably reliable 0-conf transactions.
@_date: 2016-01-05 17:30:52
Having opt-in-RBF as the default in popular wallets would be a disaster exactly due to the scenario described above - it could easily break 0-conf.  
And those of you that thinks it's OK to break 0-conf because 0-conf has always been broken - you need more business experience.  For most usecases today, 0-conf is for all practical purposes more reliable than credit card transactions, and businesses rely on that.  0-conf transactions have both a business value and a usability value.  Break it, and ultimately bitcoin adoption will slow down both on the merchant and user side, bitcoin value will suffer, and ultimately the whole bitcoin project can be derailed.
RBF makes sense for any transaction where the receiver anyway demands confirmation, and for any "non-important" transaction, such as internal movement of bitcoins between personal wallets, charitable donations, etc.  
I still wonder how this can be presented for the end user in wallet software.  I'd suggest "enable undo-button" - it's not a good one, it does give a false promise, it fails to desribe the most important reasons for using RBF, but for the scenario above it's just perfect - it makes it pretty obvious why the bartender won't allow the customer to leave with his take-away coffee without confirmations.
@_date: 2016-01-13 09:15:35
I'd say that if 75% of the mining hash power should vote for a block size increase, and the bitcoin core still will insist on rejecting the 1MB+ blocks, then "bitcoin-core" will become an altcoin living on an insignificant fork of the blockchain.
@_date: 2016-01-27 08:55:56


It may be that the original post has been edited and it may be that I'm biased, but ... to me the post looks reasonable and humble.
I really feel sorry for all the shit people like you have been going through - I've observed far too much smear, insults, conspiracy theories, group-think ... even threats of violence.  It's unheard of, but this post doesn't quite seem to be any of that.
@_date: 2016-01-11 21:47:29
Credit card payments over the net is notoriously unsafe, and I've been claiming so for years.  Is it OK if I copy the credit card numbers from a friend and use it for a USD 10 purchase, just to prove the point?
I'd say no.
@_date: 2016-01-21 10:38:38
And that's why the "bigblockers" was starting to push for an increase in the limit already two years ago ...
@_date: 2016-01-12 15:57:58
 fwiw.  I;ll add this there.
@_date: 2016-01-25 15:55:29
Some ten years ago I heard we'd never get another "cold war" nor another world war, because the world has become so economically connected.  
The 1% richest people have immense political power in almost any country - while I believe that to be a bad thing, consider that the 1% richest people in almost any nation also have enormous amounts of wealth outside the country borders.
Case of point: Russia vs Western Europe.  Roman Abramovich was even buying up the Chelsea football team just for the fun of it.
As far as I've understood it, sanctions stopping rich Russians from visiting the Western Europe as well as freezing their assets there really hurts.  There are limits to what the tsar can do.
I'd say that the Bitcoin project may be a positive contribution towards world peace.
@_date: 2017-03-05 15:45:25
So you think the current stalemate will end soon?
@_date: 2016-01-27 09:00:46
I think it's totally irrelevant.
I was very close to downvoting the nullc comment because I disagree so much with ... "I think this note is regrettable: It is both unprofessional and a crass move of disrespect towards fellow human beings." - but I changed my mind; I very much think he deserves to be heard, even though one can disagree with parts of the comment.
@_date: 2016-01-11 22:02:50
This is not "discovering a vulnerability", this has always been a well-known *calculated* risk of accepting 0-conf transactions.  Yes, 0-conf is not safe, and ... yes, every now and then some merchant does get frauded from some mBTC due to doublespend attack.  This is an accepted cost of business, and I can assure you that for most merchants the fraud ratio due to credit card fraud is very much higher than the double spend fraud ratio.
For the bitcoin community, for the merchants being dependent on 0-conf to work to be able to utilize bitcoins, for the future value of the bitcoin and for continued success at all, the last thing we need is more demonstrations and pointers towards how trivial it is to double spend.
I agree it would be a PR disaster both for coinbase and for the bitcoin community as such if this got into a trial, but still ... this is fraud, no matter the size of the transaction - and bragging about it is certainly not a good thing to do.
@_date: 2016-01-17 22:50:05
Let me try to see this from two sides:
***bigblockers point of view***
Since more than 75% of the hashing power is required to signal support before the hard fork, the "new" fork of the chain is obviously the winner chain.  Any informed actor would be upgrading and following the "new" bitcoin.  Most of the 25% remaining miners would also follow up and chose the winning side; they should have no financial interesst in mining coins that cannot be sold.  Finally there are only the die-hard-2MB-limit-protesters plus the die-hard-never-upgrade-folks left behind at the old chain.  Let's assume that's 10% and dropping - then for several months the average block interval will be around two hours, which also pretty much should decourage people to keep using the old fork of the chain.
The only problem is then with uninformed people running old software and honoring the old chain but not the new.  If they are bitcoin users, they will probably notice that something is wrong since transactions take ages to confirm.
the only problem is with the uninformed actors that would be running old software and follow the "obsoleted" fork.  Most of those are probably holders.  As long as they have access to their old private keys they will still own their own bitcoins.
It's reasonable to believe that most transactions happening on the old fork will also be incorporated in the new fork.  There are two exceptions, new coins and "double spends".  New coins is an insignificant problem because it's a long "grace time" when those coins cannot be spent according to the protocol and because new blocks will be a rare happening.  Double spends, that's either RBF'ed transactions or people maliciously trying to ensure that their inputs are sent to different outputs on the two forks.
***Smallblockers point of view***
It's not given that the 75%-fork will win.
With 25% of the miners still mining on the "old" fork, and most of those either don't caring to upgrade at all or insisting on mining on the old fork, we'll soon reach a checkpoint where the difficulty will drop a lot.
Now what will a truely selfish miner do?  He'll jump back and support the "old" fork, with lowest difficulty.  Eventually the "old" fork may become the longest, hence accepted by all nodes and miners.  Transactions based on newly minted coins on the new chain will become void ... a disaster.
... I somehow doubt the latter can happen, but uninformed actors running  old wallet software (including bitcoin-core) may end up finding that their transactions never confirm, and in worst case, they may even be scammed (malicious bitcoin holders may double-spend, making sure they have forked their coins as well, and then sell the old-chain-coin to some uninformed actor with old wallet software).
@_date: 2016-01-21 10:26:31
Is it 100% certain that the core folks won't follow the crowd and join in on the 2MB raise once it is inevitable?
@_date: 2016-01-12 18:54:09
It may even expire from the memory pool.  The client may or may not rebroadcast the transaction.
@_date: 2016-01-13 17:00:33
That's how it's currently advertised at  - "It is a one-feature patch to bitcoin-core that increases the blocksize limit to 2 MB".
I've seen some of the discussions and proposals, there may be future classic-specific features in the pipeline, but as for now my impression is that BIP-0102 adherence and nothing but that is the selling point.
@_date: 2016-01-25 15:33:20
Borders exists, but they are not as much barriers as they used to be.
@_date: 2016-03-15 09:56:17
I find this one quite relevant: 
I believe there is a small minority here that strongly believes that either Gavin or the Blockstream employees are ... basically, evil people.  Unfortunately they tend to dominate the debate sometimes.
@_date: 2016-01-12 00:34:18
Come on, this is not a security vulnerability as such, the double-spend-problem is very well known, and in lots of use-cases the benefits of accepting 0-conf on low-risk transactions outweights the risks - by far.
There seems to be a clique of hardliners here thinking that "zero-conf has always been broken and should never be trusted".  You can as well say that one should wait for nine months before accepting a credit card transaction.
Zero-conf transactions are important for adoption of new users and new merchants, and will remain important for some few years - unless people like Todd manages to destroy it completely.  The result will be a loss of merchants, more difficult to recruit more users, a drop of the BTC value, and in the worst case the whole project may "derail".
Yes, it should be possible to use bitcoins without trusting anyone - but still it is important with trust in the society.  Most businesses do have some costs or risks due to fraud and theft, most businesses can do things to reduce those costs or risks - but it's often not worth the hazzle if you scare away all the customers by doing so.  In many online payments the customer expects snappy feedback, and one can for sure not demand every customer to wait for a confirmation in the check-out-register in the grocery shop.
The other problem here is the low fee.  I strongly believe the merchant should announce the fee in the QR code (when using those), rather than having the payer decide the fee.  And the merchant should cover the fee, i.e. if the service costs 20 mBTC, the merchant may claim 19 mBTC + 1 mBTC fee in the payment request.
@_date: 2016-01-11 22:42:12
People like you fail to see the difference between "safe" in a computer security mindset and "safe" in a business mindset.  A business can very well be aware of the risk, and still it makes perfect sense to base the business on 0-conf, it's all about taking calculated risks, 0-conf doesn't need to be "100% safe", it just needs to be "safe enough".  The real implication of stunts like this is that businesses will stop accepting bitcoin at all.
I'm quite concerned that by insisting that 0-conf should never be used because it's unsafe one will hurt adoption, price growth, public acceptance and whatnot.  It's important that 0-conf works well both for the user experience and the merchant experience.  Today, for most use cases, the actual successful double spend attacks are much less of a problem than chargebacks at traditional credit cards.
(I was on the same page as you first time I saw internet shops accepting credit card payment.  "Whoha ... just enter those static numbers from my credit card into this form?  That's so ... insecure!  This is never going to work out!".  It turns out I was wrong)
@_date: 2016-01-21 10:31:07
It is in the miners interest to keep up the value of the bitcoin.  If they flag support for 2MB block limit and then won't validate the &gt;1MB block when it comes, they are efficiently sabotaging bitcoin.  I don't believe they will do that.
@_date: 2016-03-10 07:44:50


The *number* doesn't matter at all.  I've seen persons and organizations bragging that they've put up multiple nodes, sometimes even in the same rack, to "support the network" or "boost the number of nodes running core/classic". That doesn't impress me at all.  It's more important to have the nodes fairly well distributed.  We need more nodes in Africa and some parts of Asia - and I couldn't care less if the number of nodes in the USA or in China drops.


I have a crappy ADSL-line with less than 512 kbps upstream link - I even have better bandwidth in the boat than at home!  Probably my node was not so usable for the rest of the network, but at least it worked.  I eventually had to shut it down because it had too little memory for the mempool.  I'm spawning up a new node now, using leftover hardware that otherwise would have gone to the scrapyard.  Well.  I do agree it's a big problem that we have so few nodes in Africa ... but anyway, what should the minimum requirements be?  I think that if the choice is between a well-working, decentralized network that most people can use but where the bandwidth and network requirements are bad enough that some people in the rural US or Africa can't run their own node ... and a network running with 1 MB limit forever, with transaction fees so high that the network anyway aren't useful for those that cannot afford running their own nodes ... well, I think I prefer the first option.
@_date: 2016-03-02 14:05:34
I believe this is the first "stress test" aka "DoS-attack" that actually have had significant impact on legitimate transactions.  I think several providers have a hardcoded 100 uBTC transaction fee regardless of the transaction size, and I do have an inbound transaction (still unconfirmed after some 20 hours) with a 100 uBTC fee and 2.2 kb transaction size.
If complaining about it here on people would come with scornful "what had you expected, paying 5 satoshis pr byte?", but I believe there are fundamental problems here:
* Ordinary users that didn't get the memo "the blocks are full" may be getting a very bad user experience.
* The payment receiver have no influence on the fees paid, but often it's the receiver that has the biggest interest in seeing the transaction getting confirmed fast.
* As far as I've understood, the concept of a priority queue has been abandoned in core 0.12, meaning that "spam"-transactions with a low bitcoin-days-destroyed always will win over "legitimate" transactions with high bitcoin-days-destroyed but some few satoshi lower transaction fee / byte.
* Some wallets offers "low-pri"-transactions that "probably will be confirmed within six blocks" - but with a growing mempool, one risks that the "low-pri"-transaction will *never* be confirmed.
* After 48 hours, the transaction normally times out - but it may be difficult to double spend it, and the old transaction may be rebroadcast at any time by anyone.  Getting the funds unstuck may be non-trivial, and as we saw there has already been a "double-payout-attack" against a betting service provider who got the transaction stuck due to too low fees and double-spend attempts, and finally giving up the timed-out transaction and retrying with bigger fees.
* Even if donating some small money and spending too low fees one risks that the whole wallet will become stuck as the change gets stuck.
RBF will certainly help, but kills 0-conf.  CPFP will also help, but may cause even more bloat on the blockchain.  I believe a combination of opt-in-RBF, CPFP and bigger blocks is the way to go.  Plus, I strongly believe we need the "fee-pr-byte" and "no-rbf-please" to become a part of the payment-URL scheme (and QR-code).
@_date: 2016-01-07 22:21:21


You cutted the most important part of my statement when quoting.  From my memory, what I wrote was something like ...  _If the merchant has a stated policy to ignore 0-conf transactions_, then _for what this merchant concerns_, the transaction hasn't happened yet.
You do have a valid point that a replacement transaction may affect a 1-conf transaction if said transaction gets mined in an orphaned block.  However, I believe the probability for this to happen is quite marginal.
As said, I do believe we urgently need to increase the blocksize limit and I know very well the importance of 0-conf transactions.  Opt-In-RBF turned on as default in popular wallets will be a disaster - but I do hope and I do believe that opt-in-RBF won't be a big problem anyway.
At least three things needs to be in place:
* Opt-In RBF should only be available in "expert mode" in the most popular wallets, especially the most popular mobile wallets. 
* For wallets allowing opt-in-RBF, it needs to be explained in simple terms.  I.e. "MAY allow a transaction to be cancelled, NOT to be used for instant purchases".
* Wallets and PoS-systems will have to be updated so that they will simply ignore the Opt-In-RBF-0-conf transactions.
With this in place, the coffee customer would not send an opt-in-RBF in the first place.
With this in place, if the coffee junkie would send the transaction as RBF by mistake, he would understand why he'll get deprived of his coffein shot.
With this in place, the merchant wouldn't need to know anything about RBF.  Just ... "sorry, the transaction has not gotten through yet.  maybe it will take some time?  can you recheck that you really sent it?".
One more thought - if the merchant and customer agrees to cancel the transaction, it can be done with 100% certainity.  The merchant can do a "child pays for parent"-transaction returning the unconfirmed input back to the customer, and the customer may do an RBF "undo".  One but only one of those two transactions are certain to go through, such that the customer can leave the shop without coffee, but also being sure that he hasn't paid for the coffee.
@_date: 2016-03-08 06:39:00


I think it's the other way around, we can't have one without having the other.  As long as the Bitcoin value is based on nothing except speculation, the bubble will burst, sooner or later.  Bitcoin *is not gold*.
@_date: 2016-01-15 12:51:21
There is currently a hard coded limit, the Bitcoin network can only handle some 3-4 transactions pr second.  This is starting to become a bottle neck.
The Bitcoiners have splitted in two camps, the "smallblockers" and the "bigblockers".
The "smallblockers" claim that increasing the block size can be dangerous because many nodes and miners can't handle the increased traffic.  This in turn can cause centralization, which means governments eventually can take over the control of the network, and Bitcoin will become a failed project.  Increased fees is a good thing as miners eventually have to get their income from fees alone in the future, and there are technologies being developed to transfer bitcoins on the outside of the current limit.
The "bigblockers" claim that the limit can be lifted without any problems and that it preferably should have been raised already.  The user experience and merchant experience will be horrible when we hit the capacity limit, this will cause a major drop in the BTC value and it will prevent adoption, possibly ruining the whole Bitcoin project.
To add to the pain, everyone needs to upgrade software before the limit can be safely increased, those who didn't will find themselves on the wrong side of a so called "hard fork".  One basically needs to plan ahead and roll out a software update saying i.e. "at 2017-01-01, increase the limit".  The smallblockers thinks the "hard fork" is dangerous, the bigblockers are fuming that we still can't even agree to lift it - the update should have been rolled out in early 2015, and the limit should have been increased already now.
I've tried to keep this neutral, simplified, to-the-point and accurate, but please comment if I failed at any of those :-)
@_date: 2016-01-25 19:47:39
I should have specified that I meant internal European borders, as the comment I was replying to implicitly was about the Euro.  Travels within Europe has in general become MUCH easier during the last 30 years or so, but probably the Eurozone is more a result of that than a cause for that.
Exceptions do apply, particularly due to the refugee explosion that we're currently experiencing.  I'm from Norway, and I can tell that coming to Norway by airplane from a non-Schengen country is much more of a hazzle today than what it used to be.
With bitcoin, you can work directly for clients in the EU and US without bothering to get a work visa.
@_date: 2016-01-16 20:47:02
A good post, sad to see many of the replies here being accusing, like "all the fault is with the other side".
Conspiracy theories are abound.  Of course, some of them may be true - maybe the "fight" between the smallblockers and the bigblockers ultimately is more about power than visions and belief - just like warlords frequently abuse religion, history or nationalism to recruit fighters, parties that have lots to win on small/big blocks are planting FUD and making the usually friendly bitcoiners go mad with each other.
We may need some neutral space to get an overview of all the conspiracy theories and discuss them in an orderly fashion.  Can consider.it be used for this purpose?
@_date: 2016-01-06 14:38:56
I'm also concerned that the Bitcoin project may "derail" unless we can keep up the adoption rate and get more merchants to accept bitcoins.  Let me elaborate on what I mean with "derailment".
Bitcoin so far is a success in several ways;
1) Today, bitcoin is the de-facto standard for crypto-currencies - there is a jungle of alt-coins out there, but as for vehicles for transferring value they are still just marginal alt-coins.  If the Bitcoin project will "derail" too much, then I'm concerned that we'll be stuck with a "jungle of cryptocurrency coins", bitcoin just being one out of many.
2) Bitcoins have grown immensely in value, and will keep growing as more people join in as holders and users.  Most people in the bitcoin environment are bitcoin holders and thus have direct interest in this.  The trend may reverse if people give up on bitcoin.  Regulations may never kill bitcoin, but it may cause bitcoins to become a very marginal thing with a low value.
3) Although most people know very little about "bitcoins", I believe a majority of the "digitally literate" population have at least heard the word by now.  That may also reverse as people forget the word again.
Compare that with ...
1) Chat services.  There used to be IRC, but the derailment started already in 1990 due to a protocol design flaw (any node in the network has super-admin-rights), and then the one and only IRC network evemtually became split into many networks mostly due to arguing and disagreements.  Today IRC is still alive, but hardly used by "ordinary people", and there is a real jungle out there with different proprietary networks (ICQ being the first of them).  While there do exist some few open standards, none of them have any significant adoption.  Try to organize a chat meeting for a non-tech organization (and even in quite some tech organizations) and one will have a real hard time to find a chat service that is "acceptable" to all participants.  The scalability issue may be as problematic for bitcoins as the "superadmin"-problem in IRC, and the heated blocksize arguments may prove to be toxic - although I don't believe the bitcoin network will ever become permanently split into several networks.
2) PGP.  One can certainly argue that PGP has many problems, but "adoption" is certainly the biggest problem.  It's 2016, and ordinary folks still have no clue how to sign or encrypt emails!  SSL is the most widespread encryption, and until letsencrypt.org came we've been totally dependent to pay money to the "PKI mafia" for certificates, and ... trust them to do it right.
3) "Social media".  There are some few big commercial actors that really have succeeded in building their proprietary ecosystems.  People who want to stay socially connected have to become customers, not only of one, but of all those.  I've heard wedding parties and such has been organized with the invitation on Facebook only.  I'm not at Facebook, I've probably lost out on a lot of fun.
I'd say IRC and PGP are perfect examples of derailed projects.  One can certainly claim they have failed for technical reasons, but the very biggest problem is lack of adoption.
As for the "social media" situation, that can be compared to the banks scrambling to invent "mobile payment".  At least here in Norway we now have three banks competing to get any adoption for their proprietary closed solution.  One of the features is that one can pay to a friend, the receiver will of course need to install the same app to be able to receive the money.  With insufficient bitcoin adoption, bitcoin will continue being a "fringe" thing, while ordinary people will be using closed, platform-dependent and proprietary banking apps.
@_date: 2016-01-13 00:56:50
Didn't quite think of that.  So we have three scenarios (I only considered two of them):
* Attribute not supported by the wallet =&gt; customer pays the full sum plus some fees eventually.  If the fee is way to low, the merchant should wait for confirmations before accepting the payment.
* Attribute correctly supported by the wallet =&gt; customer pays the fee, and the sum minus the fee to the merchant.  Merchant happily accepts zero-conf .  Nice user experience at both sides.
* Wallet programmer trying to be smart =&gt; customer pays the discounted amount to the merchant, but skips paying fees.  Merchant should at least not accept zero-conf, in worst case the customer risks that the merchant ignores the payment completely.  Very bad user experience, but ... that probably won't happen outside the lab :-)
@_date: 2016-01-12 18:45:26
~~Wow, that's good news.  Then we just need to promote its adoption.~~
Nope.  BIP-0070 doesn't mention fees at all, and seems to be much more complex than BIP-0021.
@_date: 2016-01-13 13:20:22


Isn't that BIP-0102?
@_date: 2016-01-12 14:29:49
I think I've seen it before somewhere.
@_date: 2016-06-16 14:28:57
I believe one out of two will happen ... either we'll see real capacity increases pretty soon, or some other cryptocurrency will take over both the market for coffee payments as well as "move half of my salary into a safe storage".
@_date: 2016-06-16 04:39:52


Using bitcoins for buying coffee and such will become too expensive, using bitcoins for converting half of your monthly income into "bitcoin savings" is still affordable - as long as you have a decent "western" salary ...
@_date: 2016-06-16 20:05:43
cointape ... aka  gives a 90% percentile on how delayed a transaction will be depending on the transaction fee paid.
I'm quite curious how much things will change when going from 90% to 99%.  I believe that will blow up the estimates pretty much, I suspect that one has to pay quite 
hefty fees to be 99.9% certain that a transaction will go through within "reasonable" time.
When a transaction gets sufficiently old it will eventually time out and drop out of mempools, hence now in 2016 it's not only theoretically possible that a 0-conf-transaction will never go through, it's even probable that a 0-conf-transaction will not go through if a "too low" transaction fee was paid.  This does cause problems for vendors accepting 0-conf-transactions.  Small-blockists usually say "you should never trust/accept a 0-conf transaction", but alas ... until we have something better (i.e. an established lightning network), many merchants have a strong incentive to accept 0-conf transactions.
How strong confidence should one have in a transaction before giving the coffee to the customer?  Is 90% sufficient?  99%?  What if it wasn't a coffee ... but something with high value compared to the profit margin?  I.e. highly taxed goods, such as cigarettes or alcohol, sold over the counter from a low-cost supermarket ... the merchant just cannot accept theft or fraud.  At the other hand, not accepting an irreversal transaction could cause a lot of frustrations and customer dissatisfaction.
Yes, I believe lightning is The solution for those usecases, but while we're waiting, sufficient capacity on the blockchain is a very good  ...
@_date: 2016-03-09 10:37:50


It's not enough that it's merely possible to perform Bitcoin transactions - it needs to be normal.  As with the Wikileaks example, the biggest payment processors can efficiently stop the donation money flow; the bitcoin payments become a mere trickle because ordinary people don't use bitcoins.
Wikileak donations are fully legal - but there are other transactions that aren't.  If illegal transactions are the most notorious use-case for Bitcoins, that causes a big perception problem.  Who would like to install a bitcoin wallet, if that makes them look like criminals?  My point of view: if we want to ensure actors like Wikileaks can receive significant amounts of donations despite a banking blockade, we will need a higher volume of latte-purchases.
@_date: 2016-06-07 12:00:18
0.02 USD = 0.00003421 BTC according to preev.com
I usually pay some orders of magnitude more than that in transaction fees.  Also, one needs to do trading with a bitcoin seller or on an exchange, when spending time and effort on that one would usually want to invest a bit more significant amount than 34 uBTC.
I haven't listened through the radio clip though, so I may have misunderstood something ... but the statement in the title is clearly wrong.
@_date: 2016-06-13 13:21:49
Hodl the door?
@_date: 2017-08-01 11:54:55
Eh, no.
A malicious node owner can never steal funds going from one address that I control to another address that I control.  The signed transaction is public data.  A malicious actor cannot do anything wrong with it, ever.
In the scenario above, the only bad things that may happen is that the transaction won't be broadcast on the relevant chain(s) (it's even likely not to be relayed by many nodes if the fee is too low).  The very worst that may happen is that the transaction gets pending, stuck unconfirmed, RBF is supposed to help against that.
The "replay-problem" happens after a chain split, when the sender signs a transaction that is valid at both chains, but when the sender actually intended to send funds only on one of the chains.  The receiver can then claim the coins on both chains - no matter which nodes have been relaying the transaction.  In this case the receiver and the sender is the same person, so nothing bad can happen.
In the case of Bitcoin Cash, as the transaction format in Bitcoin Cash is incompatible with the transaction format in Bitcoin, a signed Bitcoin transaction not confirmed before the split is not valid on the Bitcoin Cash chain, and a signed Bitcoin Cash transaction is not valid on the Bitcoin chain - so there is no replay risk.
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:49:38


Well, it's rather binary, either the transaction gets successfully broadcast, or it doesn't ... so the risk isn't that big.  Should mycelium crash completely, nothing is lost - as long as you are sure you have a backup of that twelwe word seed.  If reliability is important, install mycelium on several devices so you can instantly recover whenever your phone is lost.
That said, I've had problems that I've been "sending bitcoins" from my phone, put the phone back into the pocket and then hours later I've "woken up" the phone just to see the transaction finally getting broadcast.  In some scenarios, sending a transaction hours after it was intended to be sent can be worse than not sending it at all.
I believe your problems comes not from the number of private keys, but the number of UTXOs, which may be a lot bigger if you've been receiving miner rewards to the same address over and over and over again.  Consolidating those into one UTXO will probably help you a lot.
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:57:30
Every now and then transactions with 0 fee does get through.  According to cointape.com a transaction with 1 satoshi per byte is 90% likely to get through within 3 blocks.  I believe, next time it becomes cheaper than this for a on-chain transaction, bitcoin is already worthless anyway.  The only exception is if BIP-131 gets implemented, and you have received lots of transactions to the same address.
@_date: 2017-01-27 00:17:48




@_date: 2016-11-26 16:22:05
I really wonder if this is for real and how long it's going to last.
I'm one of many bitcoin sellers that got the Vipps-account banned because I accepted a Vipps-payment from a fraudulent customer.
Vipps is currently based on credit cards - I think the DNB bank is subsidizing the product with the equivalent of thousands of bitcoins every day.  The goal is to become the de-facto-monopoly for payments in Norway.  I really hope they do not succeed, but ... apparently they're doing pretty well.
The Bitcoinsnorway exchange does not have the very best track record when it comes to customer support, technical skills, etc.
We'll see how this pans out ... exciting times :-)
@_date: 2017-08-25 04:19:38
If I was the CIA tasked with ruining Bitcoin, I'd manipulate the Bitcoin community so that half of it would oppose SegWit for all it's worth, and the other half would oppose block size increases for all it's worth.
@_date: 2016-11-15 09:11:49


Correct, I believe there is a small minority of the "big-blockers" that wants a "hardfork, as soon as possible, no matter what".  I think most small-blockers would dislike it, but anyway mostly just shrug their shoulders if a small minority would fork off the bitcoin, create an altcoin and brand it "Big Bitcoin" or something like that.  I see no future for such a project - but if 10% of the community would jump on a hardfork and insist that their altcoin is "the true and only bitcoin", then I believe that would be very harmful.
Similarly, if the wast majority of the bitcoin community would agree on lifting tthe 1MB-cap through a hard-fork, and 10% of the community would actively work on keeping the old chain intact and insisting it's the only real bitcoin, that would also be very harmful.
In both scenarios, with a minority insisting their "minor branch" is the only Real Bitcoin is harmful, I do count it as an act of sabotage by the minority.


Now I think you're being a fanatic, locked into one narrative: "bitcoin will become worthless if we allow any hardfork".
@_date: 2017-08-01 12:01:53
My mycelium has 700+ private keys.
The worst problem is that when receiving funds to an old address, the wallet doesn't always pick it up.  I may have to resync the wallet, and it may take unpredictably long time - especially on slow internet connections.
I think it's a good idea to consolidate such a wallet, though the transaction may become huge.  Biggest risk is that the transaction becomes stuck, or that the transaction fee becomes too high - RBF and ultralow transaction fees aren't supported by Mycelium.
I loaded my mycelium seed into a electrum-wallet.  I'm also planning on using electron-cash for moving my Bitcoin Cash to an exchange, though none of the exchanges I have a customer relationship with has so far started accepting Bitcoin Cash deposits.
@_date: 2016-11-23 20:00:00
Where "right fee" equals higher fee than what everyone else in the transaction queue has already paid
@_date: 2016-11-30 22:39:51






Has lasted for many years already, I think I've had my favorite credit card for maybe 8 years, and probably it's more than ten years since I started getting credit cards with bonus/cashback programs.
Of course, TANSTAAFL - this policy is good for me, but it's not good for the society as such.  I don't like it, but I'm still accepting the bribe, taking the bait and exploiting the situation.  The bank earns money from credit card fees imposed on the merchant (and the merchant probably responds by increasing prices on all products, for all customers) and hefty interest rates from people unable to pay back all the balance when the credit card bill is due.
I strongly think it would be much more fair to let the customers cover the cost of their selected payment method.  I believe the duopoly have agreements with the merchants denying the merchants to take a higher price from the credit card customers.  Demanding the merchants to sign such agreements should be outlawed as it skews competition.  In some countries I think it's already like that, for instance I have to pay a credit card surcharge in Denmark, so I always stick to cash there.  I believe we also need law regulation protecting people that can't handle credit (the laws varies a lot between the different jurisdictions).
@_date: 2016-11-16 09:12:27
... and the transaction is fully reversible for many months.
@_date: 2016-11-24 05:39:14
Soon it will be top 10% - and that's when the block is found.  Sometimes it does take more than an hour until the next block is found - so the transaction that was among the 10% with higest fee when the transaction was broadcast may be far behind in the queue when the next block is mined.
@_date: 2016-11-26 16:22:05
I really wonder if this is for real and how long it's going to last.
I'm one of many bitcoin sellers that got the Vipps-account banned because I accepted a Vipps-payment from a fraudulent customer.
Vipps is currently based on credit cards - I think the DNB bank is subsidizing the product with the equivalent of thousands of bitcoins every day.  The goal is to become the de-facto-monopoly for payments in Norway.  I really hope they do not succeed, but ... apparently they're doing pretty well.
The Bitcoinsnorway exchange does not have the very best track record when it comes to customer support, technical skills, etc.
We'll see how this pans out ... exciting times :-)
@_date: 2016-12-02 11:14:56
Bitcoinsnorway ... jeez, they are indeed doing what they're best at :p
@_date: 2017-08-01 13:02:38


I was talking about the period "right now", which includes both pre- and post- the UAHF-split - and taking steps to ensure the transaction will (only) be relayed to BIP-148-flagging nodes is in my opinion misguided.  Right now it is useless and in the future it may probably be outright harmful, as the economic majority probably will stay on the BIP-0091-side of the next chain split.
@_date: 2016-11-13 09:46:21
It doesn't make sense at all.  The current mining revenue is dependent on subsidies, the future mining revenue is dependent on mass-adoption, and we can't have mass adoption without increasing capacity.
It's like a small bakery that has just started up, some investors are ensuring the bakery gets enough money every day to cover all their bills, but eventually the investor money will run out and the bakery has to survive only by the money they can get from the bread production.  What makes most sense, to crank out as many breads as possible, or to keep an artificial daily production limit of hundred breads, hoping to make the bread exclusive and expensive?
@_date: 2017-08-01 09:56:00
The worst that can happen is that the transaction won't get through ... or is there some risk I don't see?
@_date: 2016-11-23 21:15:35
Right now one can still be relatively sure to get into the first block by following the cointape advice, because there are still quite much software out there using static fees or trying to save on the transaction fees - so by following the cointape advice one is outbidding all those.  In the quite-so-near-future I do believe we'll get situations every now and then where one pays an appropriate "priority fee", expects to get into the first block and still ends up with a 0-conf after 12 hours.
@_date: 2016-11-22 14:58:49
I really like the bus analogy, I even wrote a post about it on a competing platform - 
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:53:34
Bitcoinsnorway has low volume, high spread and it takes unreasonable long (and sometimes unpredictable) time to deposit and withdraw fiat, and sometimes also to withdraw bitcoins - so definitively not the best place for trading - particularly not for buying bitcoins, apparently there is a glut of bitcoin buyers on that platform.
@_date: 2016-11-13 10:47:05
Indeed, for this specific use case RBF would be perfect, especially if I keep paying those small amounts to the same address.  Maybe I should give it a try.
RBF is a non-trivial thing, zero-conf would be broken if the wallets would be sending transactions with RBF as default (and don't give me bullshit about "zero-conf has always been broken", I do rely on zero-conf quite a lot, I wouldn't be able to do cash trading if I was to wait for confirmation on every trade), and it's difficult to explain RBF for the non-technical person.  I've earlier proposed to use the terminology "enable undo-button", it's indeed a terrible explaination of what RBF actually is about, but at the same time it explains the layman very well why RBF cannot be used for zero-conf trading.
@_date: 2016-11-20 07:30:37
The current situation is horrible.  Now we have like two different narratives.
One narrative (the one believed by many people on the other sub) is that Blockstream is sponsored by people that wants the Bitcoin project to fail, they control the core core developers as well as the forums, and they do whatever they can to stall meaningful capacity increases.
On this sub, from time to time there are also conspiracy theories that "the other side" is sponsored by actors that wants to wreck Bitcoin, and everyone that for bigger blocks are either incompetent, bought up, evil or mad.
For the lovers of conspiracy theories, let me bring forth an alternative, third conspiracy theory - there exists a powerful entity out there, sort of a Palpatine that to some extent controls both sides of the debate and does whatever they can to divide the community.
@_date: 2016-12-03 06:08:48


Right, thanks for the reminder.  Yet another conspiracy theory flushed out.
@_date: 2016-11-24 09:43:46
Another thing that may be annoying is the time estimate ("Confirmed in about").  LBC should be more explicit that the estimate is nothing but a wild guess.  I've earlier seen the estimate fluctate wildly between 1 hour and 72 hours (transaction was eventually cleared after 36 hours), but this time it's only fluctating between 20 minutes and 30 minutes (some of the transactions were confirmed in ~30 hours, some in ~3 hours, and some are still unconfirmed).
I guess I should stop giving out my LBC address and rather give them the address for my mycelium wallet, then I can send from there to LBC with priority fee when my LBC account is empty.
(I'm still annoyed that some people call me a "freeloader" and "a miser unwilling to pay for the service", and I think it's pretty arrogant when some people claims "this is normal, this is how bitcoins is supposed to work")
@_date: 2016-11-23 21:52:30
I'm sick and tired of being called a "miser" just because the people sending me bitcoins simply doesn't understand shit about the capacity problem and how to include a "proper" mining fee.
As I concluded in the [bus analogy article]( We need bigger blocks if mining is ever to be profitable by transaction fees alone.  The transaction fees aren't going to grow into the sky just because of the capacity cap; it's more likely that people will go back to fiat or adopt other cryptos.
@_date: 2016-11-30 20:11:16
We have some limit like that in Norway too - reported by many news outlets like "now payments higher than NOK XXX in cash is illegal".  (I don't remember the exact amount, but I believe it's less than 2 BTC).
The truth is not that bad, the laws does not right out ban big cash transactions - but if someone pays more than XXX in cash for some service and the service provider cheats on the income tax, the payer can be held liable.
I think the laws doesn't specify any size, but if someone receives cash (or even bank money) for a service or goods, the payer has gained the money from criminal sources, and the payee could have had reasons to suspect it, the payee can be held criminally liable (money laundring).
I'm not sure about the first one, but at least the second can have consequences for bitcoin traders.
@_date: 2016-11-30 20:22:34
Cash is destined to lose.
Merchants don't want them, due to the handling costs and risks.  (at the other hand, the credit card duopoly has quite hefty fees that the merchants have to cover).
Governments don't want them, because cash is a good way to hide unwanted activity from the government, or to avoid paying taxes.
Banks don't want cash, because ... obviously, because the alternative to cash transactions most often involves banking transactions, giving more power to the banks.
Regular customers don't want cash because of space, weight, risks and we even often get bribed into using the credit card duopoly (hey ... my bank gives me 1% cashbach + one month of free credit, so of course I use my credit card as often as possible, thank you very much.  Actually, I was mostly managing without cash all since 1994, just after getting into the bitcoin ship I resumed using cash.  For me, cash is just another shape of bitcoins ... bitcoins can be traded into those weird-looking tokens that can be used in those shops that doesn't accept bitcoins).
@_date: 2016-11-15 07:32:43
In 2015 I was thinking ... "the fee market can't be such a bad thing".  I still think it's healthy that one has to pay some fees to be reasonably sure the transaction will go through in one of the first blocks, but having seen transactions with a "normal" fee attached being stalled for more than 12 hours and being uncertain they would go through at all, I realize we do need a blockchain with idle capacity, at least until the much-promised "layer 2"-solution is well-established in the market.


I believe this is a very moot point.
Think of a bus company running luxury buses with a fifty seat bus every hour on a very busy road and delivering a free service.  After some time they start attracting customers, they manage to fill up the buses, and they start collecting ticket income.  That's all good.  Now, the manager is very happy, because apparently the word-of-mouth is spreading, and as a result they can keep increasing the prices - the manager has more buses available, but he doesn't want to bring it into service as he's concerned it will lower the profits.
Said bus company will never become a relevant market player, there is limits for how high the ticket price will be.  Only people that for various reasons really *can not* use the alternatives will take the bus if the ticket price is too stiff.  It's the same story with bitcoins.  Except, a big share of people who really *can not* use banking services are criminals.  Do we want a Bitcoin that is only useful for criminals?  I certainly don't.
If said bus company will keep collecting tickets, but also continuously put more buses into traffic, they will keep on growing.  People will become so used to the service they'll skip buying a new car.  The bus company will earn less for each ticket sold, but then again a 5% profit margin on some million of passengers served daily is probably better than a 150% profit margin on a handful of passengers?
Don't get me wrong, we cannot handle 1GB-blocks currently - but anyway, the idea that "we need to keep capacity down to maximize miner profit" should be shelved, it's an outright dangerous idea.
(btw, with the bus analogy, it's more like buses without time table coming by average every tenth minute, and people not buying tickets for the ride, but buying tickets for sneaking into the queue.  You buy a priority ticket, enter the queue in front of one thousand other passengers and behind some tens of VIPs, and ... oups, no bus coming for a full hour.  Meanwhile the queue in front of you suddenly grew with some hundreds of people, knowing that the buses takes only 50 passengers each and that there are people coming in all the time buying priority tickets ... well, one will probably end up standing in the queue for 12 hours rather than ten minutes).
@_date: 2016-12-02 15:30:31


One way ... when the 3.1MB block comes (or when a fork in the chain has occurred), there could be safeguards preventing the node from mining on a fork that is obviously going to be orphaned.  I totally believe this will be implemented one way or another on the major pools - the majority of miners being too diligent to let a situation like this arise; mining on the wrong chain means loss of profit, and a split-network situation where it takes 6 confirmations or more before the situation is resolved could also cause lasting harm to the network as such, again lowering the long-term profits.
This safeguard could be logic in BU itself, it could be stand-alone scripts adjusting the config and restarting the software, it could be some stand-alone script sending an alert sent to some on-call duty personell that would manually adjust configuration and restart the node.  It is quite trivial to do a quick probability check based on the AD/EB-settings in the last 1000 blocks or so.  If the probability that we're currently mining on a soon-to-be-orphaned branch exceeds 50%, then ... adjust AD/EB to make sure we're on the right track, and get over with it.
So what with the lone SPV-wallet connected to the wrong node serving a chain long after it's been orphaned by the vast majority of the rest of the network?  Well, though luck - SPV wallets *are* inherently unsafe if you cannot trust the node they are connected to.  But yes, I do see that there is a risk here - many node operators will probably roll out the default settings without bothering to upgrade it.  Let's hope the default settings has a low AD ...
@_date: 2016-11-13 13:17:12




I must admit, I've stopped tracking the development, so my knowledge of this may be spotty.
libsecp256k1 and Matt's Relay Network are probably de-facto the biggest improvements out there when it comes to making bigger blocks "affordable".
Head first mining is implemented in Bitcoin Classic and seems like a big improvement over the current relay network and mining practices.  I do believe it's mostly due to politics that it won't ever be merged into Core.
Extreme thinblocks, has been implemented in Bitcoin Unlimited for a longer time.  As far as I've understood it, there are political and not technical reasons why this will never be merged into Core - but Maxwell is working on a competing implementation, isn't he?
Weak blocks have also been mentioned.
Moores law still hasn't become completely irrelevant, particularly when it comes to storage space big disks are just becoming cheaper and cheaper.
Maybe not quite so relevant for Bitcoin, but software-defined storage (Ceph) is another game-changer, allowing much cheaper storage than an expensive SAN.
@_date: 2016-11-13 10:30:55


For some definitions of "broken network", one could claim it is already broken today - with miner centralization, development centralization, numbers of users efficiently capped by the block size limit, and bad user experience all around due to "stuck" transactions (bad user experience, yes, indeed.  For the end user, not knowing the details on how the block chain works, it's a terrible user experience that the money just disappears into the network, still with 0 confirmations and no certainity 12 hours later. You cannot really blame the typical end users for being "misers not wanting to pay up for the real cost of a bitcoin transaction", "using the wrong software", "not using RBF"etc.
While some research have shown that 8 Mb could have been "unhealthy" back in 2014, there has been done quite much progress since then, the current code that is out there is well-prepared for big blocks.
@_date: 2016-11-13 10:49:33


Actually I pay him NOK 10 for that, more than 1 USD.  But even if transactions with 20 satoshi pr kb is often confirmed within few blocks, the probability that the transaction will be stuck for 12 hours is quite signfiicant.
@_date: 2016-11-21 20:59:09


There for sure are some divergence of view, but I think they are quite subtle, and I think the current split is more about trust than values.  It seems to me that at both sides the fear of the other side  being malicious and wanting to destroying bitcoin is the strongest driver.
We currently have two camps, I believe both camps ultimately wants bitcoins to succeed - like in becoming universally accepted.  One camp seems to believe increased block size is the only way to grow bitcoins, the other camp seems to believe bigger block sizes will destroy the bitcoin project as we know it and thinks second-layer-solutions is the only way to grow bitcoins.
I think the truth is that we need both bigger blocks and second-layer solution, and that the current division is much more harmful than either sides "winning the argument".
@_date: 2016-11-24 18:44:20


I also believe so ... I don't think we'll see any kind of compromise ... eh, until we see some kind of compromise? :p
Nice to see Antonopoulos being optimistic though ... 
@_date: 2016-12-04 09:06:03
With all due respect - that assertment seems to be very far off, for many reasons.
Remember that the fee income is dependent on the number of transactions multiplied with the average fee per transaction.  More block space causes less fee pressure, the average fee per transaction will drop if the capacity is increased, but the total fee income will most likely grow.
Due to the network effect, growth in adoption should be in everyones interest - but particularly in miners interest as that will cause both more fee reveue and higher fiat value of the bitcoins mined.  We cannot achieve much more growth in adoption without increasing the capacity.
A big jump in capacity - say, the max block size limit was increased from 1 MB to 8 MB - will probably totally reduce the fee income on the short term, but eventually it will ensure we have enough room to include new members into the ecosystem, so on the long term it will probably cause increased fee revenue.  Even if segwit has been described both as an increase to 4 MB block size limit and as a doubling of the current capacity, it does NOT give a sudden capacity boost; the capacity increase will come gradually as the members of the ecosystem slowly adopt segwit-wallets and slowly move their UTXOs to segwit.
The block generation is currently heavily subsidized through the coinbase reward - that's where the miners earns most of their money.  It should be in everybodys interest that we grow adoption and transaction volume while the subsidy is high.
So as I see it, the only way segwit in either the short term or long term may cause fee income to drop is by enabling good off-chain-solutions like lightning.  Then again, it will take a long time before lightning takes off and reaches the network effect.  I believe lightning has the potential to give low-friction small payments to the masses, but I don't believe it will reduce the demand for on-chain transaction.
@_date: 2016-12-03 20:20:03


But Windows is basically a virus ... :p
@_date: 2016-11-13 11:51:42


In any market uncertainities causes a short-term drop in prices.  It is to be expected that a hard fork that is bitterly opposed by some people will cause turmoils in the markets - and for good reasons, as long as someone bitterly opposes any kind of hard fork, there is a certain probability that a hard fork could end up seriously harming bitcoin.  In such a case it's not bigger blocks per se, but the current community rift, inabilities to agree on compromises and fragmentation that is the real issue at hand.
I think that if we have a successfully raise the limit through a hard fork, then the sky is the limit for the bitcoin price.


I believe it's fear-mongering, I can see no valid reasons to believe a decent lift of the block size limit would cause a significant centralization pressure.
I do believe we need good ways to do offchain transactions, I don't think we can grow to the moon with only on-chain transactions, but currently THE lightning network is nothing but vaporware, and as I see it *there is no growth potential* with the 1 MB block size limit in place.  Even with the lightning network becoming significant, 1 MB is not enough.  In the big picture, bitcoin is irrelevant in todays society, and with the current limit it will never become relevant.  If you do want to use some really insignificant cryptocurrency that will never become relevant in the big picture, but which is fully anonymous, decentralized and censorship-resistant ... then there are many alt-coins to choose between.
@_date: 2016-11-30 19:49:44


Some of us guessed that they didn't.  Seems like we were right :-)
@_date: 2017-08-01 11:31:23
Transaction fees won't ever be cheaper than 0.
@_date: 2016-11-13 07:56:15
Isn't this turned a bit on the head?
The blocksize limit caps the number of people using bitcoins, and high fees are reflecting that more people *wants* to use the bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-11-13 20:47:56


By today almost everyone is doing validationless mining, hence the first part of the argument is void.  In the second part he's rightly pointing out that the folks doing validationless mining does have a competitional edge over those doing "honest" mining.  The solution is to accept validationless mining as a necessary evil.  One possible solution lies in Gavins Head First Mining proposal, implemented at least in classic.  This proposal is much "cleaner" than the current validationless mining, and still have the same benefits.
With libsecp256k1 out there the validation times are a lot less than what they used to be, and with technologies like extreme thinblocks blocks are also propagated at the fraction of the time it takes to transmit a full block.
@_date: 2016-11-13 08:43:59
I'm a local bitcoin trader, exchanging bitcoins with cash for a commission - and I usually used "priority" in mycelium when sending bitcoins, not to give the customer a bad customer experience.  With "priority" one can be reasonably sure that the transaction gets included in the next block, the probability is very small (but present) that it will take more than an hour.  Waiting is usually not an option, zero-conf is the norm.  Once a cash-buying blockchain.info-using customer resent me the transaction with fewer inputs and higher fee after the 72-hour timeout, except for that, no noteworthy incidents.
With "standard" there is a good probably that the transaction will be processed within one of the first blocks, the problem is just that every now and then the transaction may be delayed with some 12 hours, giving a terrible customer experience for anyone having better expectations to bitcoin transactions.
Usually priority was between NOK 1 and NOK 2, but I have noticed lately that frequently the recommended priority fee in my mycelium (I empty it frequently and get large amounts of bitcoins into it, it isn't filled with dust) now is between 10 and 20 NOK, which is more than USD 1.  I'm running with small margins and I'm doing both big and small exchanges - the profit from my small trades is often insignificant compared to the time I put into them - paying such a high fee is just not an option for the smallest trades.  It could be that it's just mycelium that has lifted it's standards though?
This is a usecase that screams for some kind of off-chain solution, but they are just not available at the moment.  I do believe the 1 MB block size cap is a major obstacle to adoption at the moment.  If we would have lifted it to 2 MB or 8 MB in a hard fork already in 2015, we could have been on the moon now.  Perhaps we'd even have lightning ready by now, one shouldn't underestimate the cost of the current community rift and arguing.
Even with lightning becoming a standard, 1 MB will prove to be too little in the long run.
@_date: 2016-12-02 15:54:06
I believe there is a hard-coded 1 MB transaction size limit in BU?
There was this medium post today arguing that this limit could be scrapped, but ... indeed, this is a good argument for keeping that limit.
Of course a 1 MB transaction size limit may cause problems at some long distant point in the future, just like the 1 MB block size limit is causing problems today.  (just like the 1 MB block size limit seemed to be a too far in the future to be worth tackling back in 2010).
@_date: 2016-11-19 07:57:17
Which pools are signalling support, and which pools are still on the fence?
The narrative on the other sub is that many pools are unhappy with segwit and considering to switch to bitcoin unlimited.  not sure what to believe, but I guess it's not so much point to speculate ... just let another week pass and we'll see.
@_date: 2016-11-13 15:32:17


The explanation was in the part of the sentence that you cut away.
I do believe the current rift in the community and the current trench war mentality is a much bigger problem than the block size issue itself.  If the community could have dragged a bit in the same direction and agreed on compromises instead of arguing, perhaps we could have gotten much further by now.
SegWit will never get 95% support within the current climate, just saying ...
@_date: 2017-08-04 14:49:12
The minor chain should be cheaper, but not faster - with two caveats ...
* on the minor chain, a transaction won't be "stuck unconfirmed", any transaction with any insignificant amount of fee paid will almost certainly be processed within some few blocks.
* If one can trust zero-conf transactions on the minor chain (one is supposed to), transactions can be considered "instant" (in the current climate, I wouldn't trust zero-conf transactions from anonymous sources on any of the chains)
The minor chain currently has too few miners compared to the difficulty, hence the block frequency is fairly low.  This was expected and predicted, and will probably sort itself out in due time.
Since there isn't that much security on the minor chain, the exchanges will demand more confirmations before the deposit is accepted.
@_date: 2016-11-16 08:56:33
I've had outbound bitcoin transactions stuck for more than 12 hours, even once an inbound bitcoin transaction was stuck for 72 hours and timed out.  I've also paid more than an euro at least once ("priority" in mycelium) to be sure a transaction goes through.
Yes, an euro and 12 hours delay is indeed much better than what the fiat banking sector can offer on international transactions - but I did not sign up for a crypto-currency that is only competitive for this niche (plus less legitimate niches).  Fact is that we've hit a ceiling and **Bitcoin cannot grow** without capacity increases.  It will never become significant, and if it gets more popular soon it won't be competitive on remittances either.  Soon criminal use cases will be the only remaining niche where bitcoin will still be competitive ... and I don't like that.
Lightning is cool, but no silver bullet, we need capacity increases.
(edit: rewrote one sentence for better clarity)
@_date: 2016-11-16 09:00:37
*duplicate deleted*
@_date: 2016-11-22 09:29:59
I have written an article about why an occasional 12 hours delay is normal and to be expected, but apparently I'm not allowed to link to the article here from reddit (my comment is visible when I'm logged in, but doesn't exist when accessing reddit without being logged in - that's really the worst kind of censorship, very annoying indeed).
I've set up a quick and dirty pointer page at 
@_date: 2016-11-27 12:40:27
I believe DNB is prevented by laws to unilaterally clos the customer relationship with a private citizen, regular citizens are quite much better protected by the Norwegian laws than companies.
I was working for an online gambling site for a while.  DNB unilaterally decided to cancel the customer relationship with my employer long time before this got regulated.  We didn't have problems opening an account in another bank. (a year or two down the line there came regulations in place preventing us from having a Norwegian bank account).
@_date: 2016-12-03 20:35:16
The narrative that "bigblockers are misers that don't want to pay fees" has to come to an end.  This is about transaction reliability.
Those transactions includes inbound transactions from people or companies that haven't read the memo that the blocks are full.  I'm frequently having problems like this.  In march I even had an inbound transaction timing out after 72 hours.
In the near future it may also include outbound transactions that did have best-estimate fees paid in the first place, but still are delayed 12 hours later because ... the estimate is after all just an estimate, it may be wildly inaccurate.  If there is one full hour with no blocks produced ... then your "high priority" transaction may find itself being very far behind in the queue when the next block comes.
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:54:22
A screenshot would be terrible since I'm using mutt for reading my emails :-)
I copied the html attachment out to 
Came to think, maybe my text-only version isn't that bad after all :p
@_date: 2016-11-15 06:57:02


The "large blockers" have been losing for a longer time already, I believe the depression is real, some have stopped paying attention, are promoting alt-coins, or are back to fiat.
Much worse than depression is ... sabotage.  Some big-blockers are seriously thinking of hard-forking "no matter what" - efficiently creating an alt-coin and branding it "bitcoin".  More likely, SegWit may be hold hostage, 95% support seems to be rather optimistic within the current climate.
I've also seen quite some "small-blockers" fanatically proclaim that they will never accept a defeat; even if 90% of the miners would agree the 1MB limit has to be lifted or removed, they would still go on maintaining the minority-branch and insist that the majority-branch is the alt-coin.
@_date: 2016-11-13 16:22:49


It may seem that I'm inconsistent, at one hand I've probably used the term "vaporware" myself, at the other hand I have much hopes for lightning.
One of the characteristics with "vaporware" is that it's being actively used to stop customers from moving to a competing software stack.  We have the feeling that Lightning is being promoted as an alternative to increasing the block size, I believe that's a fallacy, and it's in this context I'm using the word "vaporware".
With lightning I hope we can cater for frictionless instant inexpensive microtransactions, it may increase volume a lot, but we'll still need blocksize increases.
@_date: 2016-11-13 12:00:34
I don't buy into that, we don't need thousands and thousands of full nodes, the important thing is that running a full local node is within economical and practical reach of anyone with a significant stake in the bitcoin economy.
@_date: 2016-11-27 11:09:47




Sure, but the problem is still the same; DNB has to eat all the chargebacks.  Chargebacks may be a marginal problem when selling waffles at some fundraising event, but anyone allowing an instant conversion from fiat paid through vipps to bitcoin ... is opening a honeypot for credit card fraudsters.
Alternatively, Bitcoinsnorway has been in dialogue with DNB, and they have safeguards in place ... but then again, DNB hates bitcoins, ref  - so I find that less likely.
I'd put my five cents that bitcoinsnorway has done this move without any negotiations with DNB, and that DNB will close down this possibility within the next business day.
@_date: 2016-12-03 20:22:39
I thought segwit was a good idea, but apparently some 70-75% of the miners disagree with that.  I don't think ViaBTC can be blamed entirely for "blocking" segwit ...
@_date: 2016-11-13 21:38:20


At the moment, the only thing I can find is  - a paper pointing out that the miners most likely won't create overly large blocks or blocks taking too long time to validate even if the current 1MB-limit was lifted.  Said paper was apparently written before libsecp265, head first mining and extreme thinblockss was implemented.


One thing to be aware of is that quite many of the big-blockers have left this sub due to heavy moderation policies, so by only following this sub one can easily underestimate the support for big blocks.
@_date: 2016-12-02 16:23:48
Testing 123.  All my contributions in my other thread in this same sub seems mysteriously gone when viewed for someone not logged in, so I'd like to check if it applies here, too.
@_date: 2016-11-13 12:10:02
I agree that it's not sustainable to keep on creating such on-chain transactions, a year ago I'd say that we're priviledged beings since we actually can do it.  We really need alternatives - but we also need bigger blocks.  Without both alternatives and bigger blocks, we're efficiently stopping adoption.
I've come to think that for this specific usecase, RBF is actually a good idea.  I should probably check out what software it makes sense to use and then reintroduce this "bitcoins-for-small-tasks"-program.  I don't see shitcoins being a good alternative.  Litecoins is well within my definition of "shitcoin" as it brings nothing new to the table compared with bitcoins.  The de-facto blocklimit is currently higher in litecoin though.
@_date: 2016-11-13 16:33:30
Sorry for using the word "vaporware", it may be unfair and indeed I do have great hopes for lightning.
Lightning is by some presented as the silver bullet that will make the block size debate moot.  I think that's a fallacy, it will probably be more than a year before THE lightning network will be sufficiently well-established to make coffee purchases trivial, even if the code and all prerequisites would be in place tomorrow.  The lightning network may reintroduce the promise of buying coffees using bitcoins, make bitcoins available for more users and open up for many new use-cases, but I don't believe it will reduce the on-chain traffic.  We will still need the block size limit to be increased.
@_date: 2016-12-02 16:09:40
A hard fork is just the means to achieve a goal, and the goal is continued reliable and timely transactions and bitcoin adoption.
The frustration is very real, and it doesn't get better with handwaving like "everything is fine, it's just to pay the appropriate fee", "bitcoin will be fine as digital gold - bitcoin was never about payments anyway", "it's just yet another spam attack", "relax, segwit and lightning is right around the corner".  No, everything is not fine.  
I do believe segwit is fine - but maybe I'm wrong on that, because apparently some 70% of the miners disagree.  Someone decided that the threshold for acceptance should be 95% - and that's just not going to happen.
There are conspiracy theories on both sides, I tend to believe that all of them are nonsense, still I can't get this completely out of my head: whomever decided the 95% acceptance threshold for segwit apparently did not want segwit to happen.
Also, we've been discussing raising the 1MB limit all since 2010, and we're nowhere closer to getting any resolution on that.  Oh well, the segwit soft fork does indeed allow more data in the chain as well as other benefits, but the capacity increase is also just a short-term kick-the-can.  Even with lightning taking over all coffee-purchase-sized transactions, we still will need a long term plan involving increasing the block size.
@_date: 2016-11-22 06:12:30


Is it only the length that is relevant, or is only the amount of PoW laid down relevant?  If the latter, if 75% of the miners would think it's a good idea to drop the 1MB-limit, then the new chain will soon be far ahead of the old chain, and the old chain will never get the chance to catch up.
If some miner flags support for bigger blocks, but then go on and mine on the minority branch after the split ... that would indeed be sabotage.  To sabotage it's not needed with 75% support, a mere 51% is sufficient to destroy Bitcoin or to block unwanted transactions ... and guess what, 51% is easily achievable those days by government intervention.
@_date: 2016-11-16 11:59:17


Uhm, but what burden are you talking about?  In the example above, if I understand it correct, the issue was that you were one of the very first to *upgrade* to 0.13.1, and therefore you had to serve pretty much everyone else that was doing a *fresh install* of 0.13.1.  The issue then seems to be that the ratio of people doing a fresh install vs people doing an upgrade was too big.  If doing a fresh install really would have been an expensive option, then people would probably have updated their existing nodes instead of spinning of new nodes as soon as 0.13.1 was released.
I even believe this is a part of the "node wars", people spinning up as many nodes as they can just to skew the statistics (a tactic usually deployed by "the other side").
@_date: 2016-12-02 10:06:50
And now it got 10 times easier again? :p
New newsletter from BitcoinsNorway claiming that they've had "technical problems", but now the vipps solution is up and working again.  Weird stuff.  Can someone with a working vipps app confirm that it works?  For how many hours is it going to work this time, I wonder? :p
@_date: 2016-11-22 15:05:12
And then it takes one hour until the next bus comes, and in the meanwhile 200 new passengers have paid even more than you for boarding the bus.  Ref my bus analogy article at 
@_date: 2016-11-24 08:18:15
The schism is horrible and we should do all in our power to reduce the gap.  Unfortunately it's just growing.
I wrote an article on that on a competing platform - 
@_date: 2016-11-24 12:08:47
Sorry, the proper way to put should be ... "I believe the gap between the two subs are growing".  The schism is not a measurable entity, so my statement cannot be objectively true or false.
Sources: none, but it's blatantly obvious that quite many posts and comments that doesn't fit into the narratives on this channel is simply hidden away, and it's also blatantly obvious that arguments for keeping the current block size limit is downvoted into obscurity at the other sub (while posts attacking core-developers, moderators of this sub, blockstream employees, etc are upvoted to the top).  The situation is that we're having two groups with slightly different narratives, and very little communication between the groups.
@_date: 2016-11-23 12:18:32
Paying for a bus?  That's a bit akin to mining my own transactions, you can't seriously mean THAT is how ordinary folks should use bitcoins?  
Or did you mean "paying an approriate ticket price" - a variant of the "stop whining about capacity, you're just a miser not being able to afford the fees"-argument?  That argument is a fallacy.  I'll tell you ...
0) This isn't so much about the current situation as the future ... as I've described above, even with "priority"-fee paid there will soon be a significant risk that a transaction that was expected to join the next block will be 12 hours delayed.
1) This isn't so much about me, but as a matter of fact, I usually chose "priority" when sending from mycelium, and so far it hasn't happened to me that a priority transaction hasn't gone through within one of the first blocks (except in March, when the UTXO was an unconfirmed "change"-output from a transaction I sent using "economic"-fee ... I discovered the hard way that it wasn't too difficult to shoot myself in the foot)
2) Even if it was about me ... I can tell that I have had problems with inbound transactions several times.  Not everyone that understands the transaction fee problemacy.  In March I had one inbound transaction that timed out after 72 hours.  Just now I had an inbound transaction stuck for some 36 hours, the fee was 52 sat/byte and it was supposed to go through during "some few blocks" according to the cointape-estimate at the time the transaction was sent.
3) With a 1 MB block limit and no solutions in sight (forget about segwit - it won't pass 95% in the current climate - forget about lightning, because it depends on segwit and probably won't prove to be a magic bullet) either we'll get transaction fees high enough that bitcoin can't be said to be a peer-to-peer electronic cash system - or we'll never gain significantly more adoption and usage than what we already have today.  I think the latter is more likely.
@_date: 2016-11-13 22:26:25
I think the bus is a much better analogy; those buses don't follow any time schedule, so sometimes there can be several buses coming within some few minutes, and if you're very unlucky it may be more than an hour of waiting time, but by average there is one bus coming every tenth minute.
All the buses have 50 seats, and there are several hundred of people in the queue.  One doesn't buy a ticket for the ride, one buys a ticket for sneaking into the queue, and the more one pays the closer to the head of the queue you'll get.  If you pay too little, you may risk that the queue in front of you will just grow and grow and grow ...
@_date: 2016-11-13 08:13:07
Just a small anecdote ...
I used to give my son bitcoins several times a day if he would do certain tasks, like pick up his younger siblings from the kindergarden, go out with garbage, etc.  My hope was that he could be using bitcoins for paying for games in Steam and doing online purchases (instead of poking me to use my credit cards all the time), or eventually convert the bitcoins back to cash for doing brick-and-mortar-purchases.
I stopped with this practice when the bitcoin fees started exceeding 5%.  I tried using "economical"-mode in mycelium, but I stopped with that after all the contents in the wallet got stuck (as "change" to one of my micro transactions) for a whole day.
You could be saying that this is a use case that screams for off-chain solutions, but I'm not aware of any nice and easy-to-use mobile wallets that supports off-chain solutions.  Hence I know of at least one potential bitcoin user that are still on fiat and nagging on his father to pull out his credit cards every now and then.  It's a pity, because I think this (enabling minors to do spend their own money on online purchases without having to ask parents for permission) is one out of many promising use-cases.
@_date: 2016-11-23 21:25:25
I'm quite sick and tired of this argument.
As a bitcoin trader I can easily use "priority" fees on my outbound transaction, but it's very hard to control the inbound transactions.
Just now I was poked by a customer wanting to sell me bitcoins.  As I already have lots of stuck inbound transactions to my LBC-account, I gave him a good deal, on the condition that he'd send the transaction directly to my LBC-account ASAP with a "decent transaction fee".  Well, just like most of my customers he didn't understand the problem at all, so now I have yet another inbound 0-conf to my LBC wallet.
@_date: 2016-11-26 20:37:14
Vipps is currently down -  - maybe related? :p
@_date: 2016-12-02 15:56:37
It is not a good idea, therefore it will not be allowed to happen - one way or another.
@_date: 2016-11-23 12:40:36
What do you mean, and did you actually take the time to read through my reply above?  I most often do pay the "appropriate fee" on my outbound transactions, but I rarely have control of what fees are paid on my inbound transactions.
@_date: 2016-02-23 05:28:06


I don't see it that way.  Classic is not dangerous, Classic is not extreme and Classic is not an altcoin.  Classic is a legitimate contribution to the debate.
When this debate started becoming ugly, we were at "1 MB forever" vs "20 MB ASAP".  Recently we were at "Segwit first, 2MB hardfork (much) later" vs "2MB hardfork first, segwit later" - and finally we have sort of "concensus" at "Segwit first, 2 MB hardfork probably in July 2017". I would call that progress.
On the way, we've encountered smear campaigns, ad-hominems and conspiracy theories, at both sides of the debate.  That is NOT good.
@_date: 2016-02-14 10:55:21
Even though I very much disagree with the premises and conclusion of the parent comment, I think it's well written and I do sympathise with the arguments laid forth.  
2048 bits
I think one important take-away lesson is ... people on both sides of this rift actually wants the same, they want to see the original Bitcoin vision continue it's course.  We actually agree much more than we disagree.
@_date: 2016-02-13 15:43:12


That's a straw man argument, if I ever saw one.  I do want Bitcoin to succeed, and I don't have anything personal against the current dev-team - and I don't see Classic as a threat neither to the Bitcoin network nor the Bitcoin development.
The counter-assertment is that Bitcoin *belongs* to the current dev-team.  I'd dismiss it right off the bat.  Bitcoin is a free open source project, it doesn't belong to anyone in particular, it belongs to the commons.  If a super majority thinks that the current guardians of the project are headed in the wrong direction, then by all means we need new guardians.
I do think it's a huge principal problem that *one* company (Blockstream) by now de-facto are controlling the reference implementation of Bitcoin, and thus also the standard.  That's "centralization" in my book - big time.  Given this situation right now, I believe it's healthy to have multiple implementations - and in the age of git and github, I'm quite sure code work will flow easily between "Classic" and "Core".
@_date: 2016-02-28 08:58:25
Miners are free to mine blocks of whatever size they want, and if I'm not mistaken, the default soft-limit in Core used to be 750kb(?) so just looking at the average block size is probably not a sufficiently good measure to see if the blocks are "full" or not.  After all, what matters for the average user isn't the size of the blocks, but weather the transactions will get confirmed in a timely manner.
@_date: 2016-02-23 22:02:58


Yes, I've read the white paper, and I've looked into hashcash as well.
Hashcash inspired the Proof-of-Work algorithm, and nothing except that.  Proof-of-Work was invented before Adam Back came up with hashcash, so the concept wasn't even his.
Hascash had nothing to do with transferring value, only preventing spam.  Using Proof-of-Work for securing the immutability of a blockchain - that's something unique and new.  The transaction model, with inputs and outputs ... merkel tree ... there is so many good things in the whitepaper that has nothing whatsoever to do with Hashcash.  Yes, there was mail correspondance between Adam and Satoshi, and rumors has it Adam dismissed the whole idea.  When did Adam jump on the bitcoin train?
But **this shouldn't matter**!  Argumentum ad Verecundiam is a fallacy.  I still think it's worth mentioning because one of the popular arguments against the classic project those days is ... "we should trust the engineers, not the marketing people".  This is a stinking mudslinging argument, a slap in the face of the *engineers* working on the classic project!
@_date: 2016-02-07 02:37:17
give 4096 bits
@_date: 2016-02-18 14:12:32
This is a big inspiration - could we do the same other places?
I think it's paramount to provide services that can provide the payment interface for the merchants.  Receiving bitcoins is simple from a technical point of view, but introducing bitcoin holdings into the accounting and money-flow is probably non-trivial and not something a non-technical company would like to do, hence it's needed with a "payment processor" that can receive the bitcoins on behalf of the company and pay fiat into their bank account.
I was thinking a bit, I believe the very lowest hanging fruit could probably be to provide charitable organizations with the means to accept bitcoin donations.
@_date: 2016-02-26 05:47:48


6 confirmations must be more secure than that?  If it's only 99.99% secure, it should mean that at every 10.000 blocks we happen to revert 6 or more blocks?  That's more than 5 times a year.  Of course, the future is unknown, but the past is quite well-known, this hasn't happened several times pr year ... and even when it has happened, most of the transactions have ended up in other blocks anyway (I suppose the number of double-spends on previously confirmed blocks can be counted on one hand?).
@_date: 2016-02-19 17:45:50


Bitcoin mining has several costs, it's hardware depreciation costs, it's capital costs, building/renting rack space, network traffic, employee costs (someone needs to rack that equipment and maintain it) ... and then it's the power cost.  I don't know much about bitcoin economics, but I guess it is profitable to have the mining rig running 24/7 before the halving.
Anyway, with more wind and solar in the network (esp in central Europe), we do may more marginal-profit power sinks that can eat up the surplus power when it's cheap but stay idle when it's expensive.


Also scary the other way; whenever bitcoin prices goes down the block interval will increase, possibly pressing the bitcoin price further down ...
@_date: 2016-02-22 16:28:54


My eyes are bleeding.
@_date: 2016-02-26 06:01:13






You're overdoing it, but yes ... 
It seems to me that has become better.  It was at it's worst when Mike Hearn released XT, it got declared as an "alt-coin" here at hence it was merely enough to mention that there existed alternatives to Core and one would be tossed out from this sub.  Such cencorship does not promote a healthy debate.
I'd agree has become a fiasco, the "split community" has caused a lot of "group think" and "trench warfare mentality".
Bad voting has been (and continues being) a real problem, both on and both due to malice (using sock-puppet accounts to systematically downvote or upvote content) and stupidity (upvoting conspiracy theories and mudslinging-posts is bad as it hardens the battle lines, and downvoting comments just because one merely disagrees with them is also very bad as it will hide instead of refute the arguments of the opponent, thus not promoting a healthy debate).
@_date: 2016-02-09 00:01:24
Last time I checked, moneybookers aka skrill do offer bitcoin deposits - but with a 5% fee.  That's pretty hefty - no, I don't think I will be selling my bitcoins to Moneybookers.
(though, looking through their "fees" page I can't find anything about Bitcoins now)
So ... what if Paypal does allow people to pay with bitcoins, but only with a 5% markup.  Does that count?
@_date: 2016-02-27 22:28:31
From that one it may seem there is still plenty of available block size, but I doubt there is.
@_date: 2016-02-26 17:11:01
What are the specs?
@_date: 2016-02-29 07:15:47
The energy consumption on doing PoW is some magnitudes of order bigger than the energy consumption for actually moving transactions and blocks around, so I think that's a pretty moot point.
@_date: 2016-02-23 05:43:39
We've been through a rather bad trip now.  I believe it started getting ugly when one side of the debate was insisting on "1 MB limit forever!" while the other side of the debate was insiting on "20 MB limit ASAP!".
Some few days ago it was "Segwit first, hard fork at some unspecified later point of time" vs "2 MB hardfork first, segwit later".  I would call that progress.
Now we are at "Segwit first, 2 MB Hardfork probably in July 2017".  I think we should accept that and get together again as a positive community.  Instead people are still engaged in mudslinging, namecalling and reiterating the conspiracy theories?  It's rather sad.
It's also very unhealthy that the reddit community got split up into vs - and also very unhealthy that people (or a network of newly created reddit accounts?) are massively downvoting comments just because they disagree with the persons posting them.
Maybe the solution is to leave reddit?
@_date: 2016-02-13 22:15:08
I believe the "trust the meritocracy"-argument is overhyped, I believe this argument is coming from an organized campaign.  In one mudsling-thread it appears Maxwell has been contributing much more to Bitcoin than Satoshi.  In another mudslinging-thread it appears that Maxwell has claimed credit on Github for old commits actually done by Gavin.  The "trust the meritocracy"-argument is sort of a mudslinging argument as well, as it implies Gavin, Garzik et al aren't competent enough to handle the Bitcoin code.  It seems to me that all the veterans among the current team of Core-developers are on the classic train.  
I'm a developer myself - and more than anything else I fear complexity.  The Satoshi white paper is excellent work - it's relatively simple and and only some few pages to read!
Some of the new core developers are quite the opposite, they seem to love complexity.  Another thing I fear a lot is ... doing protocol changes without though of everyone that is affected by the protocol change.  The lightning network, the segregated witness - complex things, and will cause a lot of development work for each and every wallet software there is out there.  Opt-in-RBF, not so complex on the development side, but will also cause development work for each and every wallet.  I'm not entirely against those things, but it's very important not to rush it through.  A one-time-jump from 1 MB to 2 MB may be just what's required to give us sufficient time to prepare for the more complex scaling steps.
Changing a constant from 1 MB to 2 MB is a very trivial thing to do (the commit is rather complex mostly due to the voting phase etc, but changing the constant - very trivial), and best of all, it won't require any changes for any of the SPV-wallets.  Changing from 1 MB to 2 MB is indeed a doubling, but it's most likely harmless - it cannot be compared i.e. to a doubling of the speed limits (doubling the speed of a vehicle will increase the probablility of an accident and at the same time quadruple the kinetic energy of the vehicle).
Re changing the speed limits ... it's a good analogy, I find it hard to believe a nation (or highway network) would be split in two if 25% of the voters would refuse to cave in if the other 75% wants to increase the speed limits on the highways.  (and yet, the speed limits is a matter of life and death - while the block size limit certainly isn't).
(Edit: fixed typos)
@_date: 2016-02-25 05:56:57
"Bitcoin is digital gold".
Except, gold has been used for payments and settlements for millennias, it's not likely to drop in value anytime soon.  Without the payment-use-case I'm concerned the growing Bitcoin value is nothing but a tulip mania.  There are plenty of altcoins wanting to take over the "programmable money of the IoT"-role.
@_date: 2016-02-02 23:12:44
Bitcoins have many selling points.
Some of them are of principal nature.  For me it's important that it's open standards, free software and platform independent.  It's also important that its permissionless, that it's decentralized and (to some extent) anonymous.  Most people don't care much about those.
Then there are the practical "selling points"; low fees, easy to use, simple to set up, fast, secure, many unique use-cases, irreversible, low friction, possible to set up reversibility i.e. through multi-sig when needed, transparency when needed, etc.  Most people do care about those.
The banking industry, with help from tech companies working for/with the banking industry, will catch up on the practical stuff, the gap will be bridged.  The banking industry has the customers, the marketing budget etc, they will win out on the network effect.
I believe that in some few years Bitcoin will be left with very few practical selling point, only the principal selling points will remain.  If Bitcoin has an active user base and an active merchant base at that point, then the project have already become a success and will continue being a success.  If not, it will become a fringe payment network for intra-payments between ultra-liberalists, as well as the go-to-currency for criminals.  I don't want Bitcoins to go that way.  Therefore I believe it's of ultimate importance not to let the block size and transaction fees scare away new users and merchants in 2016!
Look at GPG as an example.  It sure has it's weaknesses, but compared to unencrypted unsigned emails it's really king!  Unfortunately it never reached a critical mass and - nearly 25 years after the invention - it still remains as a fringe protocol that most people haven't even heard about.
@_date: 2016-02-02 07:13:49
Upvoted - I think it's a good infographic - even though for me (being a "bigblocker") it seems quite much like one-sided propaganda.  It's quite much I disagree with in the infographic, but it still gives a good picture of the "core mindset".
As for the 4x, I suppose that is the very best case if and only if all transactions are heavy on signature data (i.e. from multi-sig-wallets).  Perhaps in a distant future, when "all" transactions are on the lightning network, the core Bitcoin blockchain with SegWit will actually host 4x as much transactions as a blockchain without SegWit.  Anyway, this is moot, the 4x-figure makes no sense today.
The analogy with Internet is good.  We're still stuck with major flaws from the past, i.e. the email protocol making phishing and spamming so trivial.  However, I think we shouldn't underestimate the risk that the regular consumers would be stuck with chosing between AOL, Compuserv or the Microsoft Network - it's quite much luck that those proprietrary networks lost out to the Internet.
I'm concerned that Bitcoin will lose out to proprietary "fin-tech" banking solutions as well as devolve to becoming "one out of many choices in the crypto-currency jungle".  I don't think we risk losing what's unique with bitcoins setting the block limit to 2 MB.  It's also important to note that most of the solutions on the scaling roadmap is designed to reduce such a risk, i.e. thin blocks and secp256k1 won't by itself increase the capacity, but they do make further capacity increases less dangerous.
I believe we're already seriously slowing down the adoption with the current block size limit.
EDIT: fixed some typos and tried to make some of my points clearer.
@_date: 2016-02-02 22:54:37


No; obviously we need a well-working layered approach long time before that.  But it's a moot point, at the present we're just asking for 2MB block limit to make sure we'll survive 2016 without bad user experiences.  The bitcoin community just isn't ready for a layered solution yet, and we need to "kick the can" while we're working on that.
Yes, I think it's important that nearly anyone can set up a working full non-mining node, but as long as it's not "prohibitively expensive", I don't mind that it's expensive.  The network will still work equally well if the number of nodes drops.  What's really concerning is the miner centralization.  Indeed, 2 MB blocks will make it even worse - but probably 2 MB thin blocks are much better than 1 MB thick blocks.
@_date: 2016-02-03 15:04:52
To duplicate my comment above, paying more than 10 kNOK (~3 BTC) in cash for taxable services or goods is sort of illegal in Norway. (That is, not directly illegal, but one can become liable if the payee evades taxes).
@_date: 2016-02-28 13:19:08
I've started collecting some statistics from blockchain.info, though I'm not sure how useful it is.
There are some outliers - i.e.  delayed for more than 24 hours despite having a reasonable fee (523 satoshi / byte) ... and  with 444 satoshi / byte.  
Even more surprising,  with 0.1 BTC in fee (0.4 mBTC / byte) was delayed with several blocks and 442 minutes.  One can really wonder why.
The data collection script I've started up seems useless as it emphasizes the extreme outliers.  Anyway, I'll see what I get from this.
@_date: 2016-02-27 22:32:00
The link shows median transaction confirmation time - meaning that more than 50% of the transactions that are mined are mined in the next block.  The graph doesn't show how much was paid in fees or the amount of delay experienced by the delayed transactions.
@_date: 2016-02-23 23:11:18


You may google for Peter Todd and Scorched Earth :-)
@_date: 2016-02-02 17:19:12


That's ridiculous.
Well, since we don't have a 200G block limit, obviously Visa can't decide to stop issuing credit cards and rather issue bitcoin wallets to all its customers.  But they never would anyway, would they?
Possibly there are big merchants out there or other businesses that would have adopted bitcoin if the limit was 8MB - knowing that there was room for growth.
Except for that, the growth in transaction speed is relatively predictable.  Looking back in the rear view mirror, the block size limit hasn't mattered much until 2015.  When the 1MB limit was introduced, it was orders of magnitude higher than the actual block size.  Just in 2015 we arrived to the point where some zero-fee-transactions wouldn't go through, as well as low-fee transactions taking unpredictably long time to confirm.  I predict, increase the limit to 2 MB, and 2016 will be the same as 2015 wrg of transaction fees and confirmation times.
As for the 32 MB limit, how does those calculations look when taking secp256k1 and thin blocks into consideration?
@_date: 2016-02-02 23:47:13
No, I didn't mean the practical use of bitcoin is bad now - I ment the opposite.  I'd even go as far as to say that bitcoin is the only sensible way to pay for things online today.  Some "small blockers" says that Visa is doing just fine on regular payments, why even try to compete.  I mean ... seriously?  All the hoopla-hoops, filling out forms with personal details, credit card numbers and other static numbers from that plastic card (the bitcoin-equivalent of giving away the secret keys to the payee so he can deduct his money from your wallet).
Not to forget that _anyone_ can set up a bitcoin wallet within minutes - compare that to accepting credit cards as a merchant or getting your own credit card, it's not always that easy.  It's no human right to get a credit card.  As an example, my eldest son is too young to get his own credit card.  Whenever he wants to buy games for his phone, he needs to pay me bitcoins so I can pay for the games using my credit card - it sucks big time, it would have been so much easier if Google would accept those bitcoins directly from my son.
I do believe the banks will catch up.  We need to exploit this golden moment as much as possible to increase the user base and merchant base - and we need at least 2 MB for bitcoin to roll smoothly throughout 2016.
@_date: 2016-02-13 20:39:49
I'm quite sure that (almost) nobody wants a split into two incompatible currencies.  The sum of the value of the two currencies will most likely be far below the value of the current bitcoin.  It will be extremelty chaotic times, most people will not understand the nature of the fork and will probably give up the whole project.  Both coins will probably descend from being Bitcoin (the king of cryptocurrencies) to become just a part of the "altcoin junge", most likely banking coins will take over.  No, it's not a good scenario - and that's also the rationale behind the 75% threshold + 28 days for enabling the 2MB limit.
I believe the most likely scenario is that there will be no "contentious fork".  Classic will never achieve more than 75%, or when they do, or when it seems overly likely that they will reach the threshold, Core will turn around and agree on a hard fork.  In this scenario classic is no threat, but serves a very useful purpose of constantly reminding the core developers that they don't have supreme ownership of the Bitcoin project.  (The core people seem quite stubborn, but I don't think they will allow themselves to become redundant - we should assume Blockstream has rational investors that neither want the Bitcoin project to crash nor Blockstream to become irrelevant actors on the Bitcoin development scene).
The second most likely scenario is that the "core coins" will die relatively instantly.  At least 28 days before the fork, 75% of the hash power will support the 2 MB limit - it is likely that most of the remaining miners will switch sides during those 28 days.  Even in the very worst case, there will in average be 40 minutes between each block on the 1MB-branch, the (still shared) mempool will be clogged and it will be hard to get any transactions through.  The 2MB-network will have 13 minutes between each block, and twice as much space in the blocks, so it won't have any capacity limits.  It will be very hard (if not impossible) to convert newly minted coins on the "core"-network to cash.  There is no economic incentive to continue mining there, and this situation will last for at least a month, sufficient time for the remaining "hard-core-core-fans" to abandon ship.
The third scenario ... a real, lasting currency split ... I find it extremely unlikely.
@_date: 2016-02-27 22:27:17
That's a KISS measure for sure.  Then again, until 0.12, there was logic in core with some quota of transactions with old transaction inputs going through even for free, so I don't think it will work.
@_date: 2016-02-03 13:49:38
At least in Norway, one would typically use bank payment, it would be very rare to pay cash for things worth more than some few BTC, even if it's movable, non-registered items, and even if intra-bank-payments takes several hours and is only done in the daytime on weekdays.
We were quite early adopters when it comes to "plastic payments".  I do remember my granddad filling petrol using a self-service pump and pay directly at the banking automat on the pump using his banking card in the 80s.
When I became an adult in the mid-90s, I would use a debet card for buying beer in the bars that accepted it.  Very few did, and it was very rare to use plastic for paying for a beer in the pub.  I typically never had cash in my pockets, only plastic.  As the US credit cards started displacing the national debet cards, I realized there are big principial problems with it.
After I established a trader account on LBC, things have turned completely around for my sake.  I sell bitcoins for cash, and now I always use cash when I can, even when buying a beer in the pub.  I've realized how much things have changed, rather than accepting my cash, the bartender would enter the amount into the payment terminal and hand it over - and becoming confused when I'm  giving him cash.  In one pub they even didn't even have any change (and I got a quite good discount due to that).
(edit: fixed up a broken sentence)
@_date: 2016-02-05 12:16:09
give 2048 bits
@_date: 2016-02-22 13:10:36
I wonder if some people in **both camps** rather wants the Bitcoin project to die
@_date: 2016-02-03 13:39:59
I think it's fairly problematic when laws about "legal mandatory tender" aren't enforced.
Demanding the transactions done through the bank is bad enough. AFAIK there are openings in the Norwegian laws allowing companies to require bank payments (even worse; if paying more than 10 kNOK / ~3 BTC in cash for goods or services, the payer can be held criminally liable if the payee evades reporting the income in the tax report).  Many banks allows the customer to pay bills without incurring transaction fees (ATOH, going physically to the bank to pay bills have become very expensive.  I do happen to know at least one technologically illiterate that do go to the bank whenever he is to pay a bill), but I know at least one of those banks are doing some filtering of customers; newly arrived immigrants are not allowed to get a bank account, and I also believe they have an 18 year age limit for customers.
What's far worse is that quite many online shops now require payments through the credit card duopoly.  That's just awful; information about our domestic transactions flowing freely to the US together with the merchant fees - plus, the credit card option is not for everybody (when my son wants to buy something online, he pays me in bitcoins, and I have to pay with the credit card).
I've come to realize that Bitcoin is the only sensible way to pay for goods online as of 2016!
@_date: 2016-02-23 15:11:03


At least Todd was in the "1MB forever"-camp, ref 
Ok, so so maybe very few openly said "1MB forever", but for all practical purposes "1MB for all foreseeable future" was the alternative to XT.
@_date: 2016-02-05 12:20:12
That's a common problem with reddit, if one wants to write a comment and wants the comment to be seen, time is of essence.  Nobody will notice a comment that's written hours or days after the thread became "hot" - either because they've already read the thread and moved on, or because the new comment scores only one point, which may be under the threshold for autocollapsing.
@_date: 2016-02-03 13:51:22
You meant seriwurst?
@_date: 2016-02-14 01:05:35


Plurality is not a good thing when it comes to standards, but de-facto-standards that are totally owned and controlled by one commercial entity is probably worse than plurality.  And sometimes, the standard may be so bad that it's refreshing with some competition.  I.e. XML vs json for structured data ... I'm very happy I can chose the latter!
I think it's very bad that Microsoft has gotten into a situation where they can dictate what software people use, what file formats are to be used i.e. when my son is to deliver his home work to school, and where what matters is not "how is this ~~protocol~~ file format specified", but "how does the Microsoft products define this file format".
Things are obviously not that bad with Bitcoin.  First of all, it's open source, changes are reviewed and discussed in the open before it goes into the releases, and it's not owned by any particular entity.  Still, there are some similarities:
* there is *one* company now that has de-facto control of what can go in and what cannot go into the Bitcoin protocol.
* There doesn't exist any specification of the Bitcoin protocol (by now there actually do exists a specification of OOXML - though in my personal opinion said specification is junk, it's still "how does Microsoft Office behave" that matters)
* The Bitcoin Core implementation dictates the protocol.
I strongly believe having multiple implementations is good for the project, and I strongly believe it should be possible to promote protocol changes without the approval of Bitstream.
@_date: 2016-02-03 15:02:01
What's the details, what exactly is forbidden and how is it enforced?
Some years ago we introduced sort of a ban on payments above 10000 NOK (~3 BTC) here.  It is not directly illegal to pay larger sums than that, but in case of tax evasion both parties will be held responsible (economically or criminally responsible?  I have forgotten the details ...), hence it can be risky to use cash for bigger payments.
I believe this rule only applies to tax evasion.  Buying expensive second hand items (boats, cars, real estate) would be reasonably safe (though very obscure) as there aren't any taxes to be paid by the payee.
(I do happen to have some anecdotes about buying apartments by cash in St.Petersburg, Russia.  I know one person that went 2 km to the nearest bank with a plastic bag full of US dollars.  We also bought an apartment there, since "wire transfers" to Russia was a PITA, parts of the sum was paid by withdrawing cash from ATMs).
@_date: 2016-02-14 10:40:14
For some reason this one popped up in my head:
Well, no - the Bitcoin project is not sinking, yet, but I believe it's fairly obvious Bitcoin will never ever become a relevant peer-to-peer electronic cash system if we stick to 1 MB limit forever - and it most likely also won't be relevant as a "settlement layer".
@_date: 2016-02-14 09:58:48


A hadnful of those with commit rights to the core repository has direct ties with Blockstream, either as founders or employees or both.  Sufficiently many to veto changes they don't want to go into the project, as well as to push through changes they do want to see into the project.
If searching a bit, there is no shortage of mud-slinging and conspiracy theories directed towards Blockstream.  I think it is pretty much irrelevant - I find the fact that one commercial entity has the de-facto control of the protocol scary even without buying into any of the conspiracy theories.
@_date: 2016-02-16 05:43:41
Upvoted, even though I disagree with the conclusion.  With a modern wallet app like Mycelium, bitcoin is really easy to use for the average pleb - much easier than the current banking solutions.
@_date: 2016-02-15 05:16:50
This hard fork has been discussed since October 2010.  I really think it's time to move on now.
@_date: 2016-02-02 13:19:48
I don't see that - and I guess it's possible to find pro-core-fanatics claiming the opposite :-)
give 4096 bits ... since the blocks are almost filled up, I guess it's better to make small donations off-chain. :-)
@_date: 2016-02-09 00:08:00
OMG.  Banks gives interesst rates to depositors.  Put the savings into Bitcoin, and one can at least hope for the BTC value to increase.  Put the money into a Moneybookers account, and they will eat it through "Inactive user fees".  Just logged in now to find my wallet emptied.
I'm quite sure Bitcoins was on the list of available deposit methods last I checked, but ... apparently not anymore.
@_date: 2016-02-22 13:17:04
After all, Jeff Garzik has been proposing to increase the limit all since 2010 ... 
@_date: 2016-02-29 07:11:12


Coffee-sized transactions worked out very well yesterday, and works relatively well today as well.
Yes, we are privileged to be able to put our coffee-sized transactions on the blockchain.  It does not scale.  I do believe that further down the road we'll need other ways to pay for the coffee, i.e. lightning or an alt-coin.  If this use-case scenario will be taken over by an alt-coin, I see no reason why said alt-coin won't also take over the "digital gold"-usecase, rendering the bitcoin worthless.
Anyway, lightning is not there yet.  Currently the only blocker for putting coffee-sized transactions on the blockchain is the 1MB block limit, a quite artificial limit that was supposed to be raised.
The miner subsidy is a moot point, with bigger blocks the mining cost will grow insignificantly, while the potential fee income will grow.
@_date: 2016-02-04 12:13:10
Nice!  But .... woot ... only US customers are allowed to spend bitcoins there?  That sucks.
(I've seen similar stuff on other sites; they sort of accept bitcoins but only for certain markets or customers).
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:18:55
That was my first thought as well, but I quickly came to my senses.  What will happen with the BTC value after a successful fork?  What will happen with the BTC value after a non-successful fork?  It's well explained in the blog post why it would be silly to tie such a bet to bitcoins.
@_date: 2016-02-25 05:53:03
It started out as 4 MB, didn't it?  That was the first hype after the scaling conference in Hong Kong.  "4 MB effective block size increase through a soft fork!"
@_date: 2016-02-12 06:12:22
I believe this trench warfare syndrome is much more harmful to Bitcoin than either the capacity ceiling or a contentious hard-fork.
@_date: 2016-02-28 13:46:11
Mining energy cost is not much affected by the transaction rate (but quite much related to the bitcoin value).
@_date: 2016-02-02 05:36:56


There are many examples of highly successful Open Source code forks, i.e. Xorg vs XFree86.  This is the beauty of open source, when the maintainer(s) gets in the way of progress, it's easy to fork the code.  Weather Blockstream is "in the way of progress" or not can be (and is being) debated, but for sure it's not a good thing that *one* company now has the final say on what goes in and what doesn't get into the reference implementation (as well as the protocol itself!).  Whomever many contributed to Bitcoin, Blockstream is in the position to veto any contributions, and they are also in the position to push features through on their demand.
Now with git and github collaboration across forks are also trivial; patches can flow relatively freely across forks as long as there aren't done too much code rewriting.  Github even promotes the word "fork" as a positive.  According to github statistics bitcoin-core has already been forked 5715 times. :-)
@_date: 2016-02-24 21:43:39
The risk of a malicious miner mining blocks that will get the nodes stuck churning CPU is just insignificant those days and can be solved through soft-limits.
When the limit was introduced the block reward wouldn't even buy a coffee, and no investments were needed to mine blocks. Things have changed a bit since then.
For the record, Garzik wanted the limit lifted already in 2010, Satoshi responded that it should be done as a planned network upgrade (hardfork) when block started becoming nearer to full.
@_date: 2016-02-26 05:32:04
"We" are the Bitcoin community.  Some of us resorts to this kind of shit, and it's dragging the whole community down in the mud.
@_date: 2016-02-02 09:48:39
I can't be specific; in best case I can just be pulling out numbers from a hat.  There are enough people that has done exercises like this with varying results.  But this can as well be turned on the head; what block size is to maximum considered dangerous currently?  What should the minimum hardware requirements for running a full node be?
Let me answer the latter of your question first: I'm thinking of the adoption by:
1) new potential users, people who may want to try out bitcoins
2) merchants that could potentially accept bitcoins.
There are various things that may slow down adoption.  As for the merchant side, the very biggest merchants would probably be very vary to implement bitcoin support even with a 2MB limit, because they alone may trigger a transaction volume big enough to burst the limit.
Except for that, I believe user experience is the key.  People that have tried bitcoins and are impressed will recommend it to others, people that have tried bitcoins and become disappointed will abandon the ship.  There is the risk that ...
1) a transaction doesn't get confirmed within reasonable time due to the transaction fee being set too low.  This can cause really bad user experiences for those who aren't aware of the issue, causing both the end-user and the merchant to give up on bitcoins.  So far this has been a marginal problem, but every now and then a transaction does get stuck.  I believe this can grow to a big problem during 2016 with the current roadmap, and not so much of a problem during 2016 with a 2 MB limit.
2) the transaction fees required for acceptable confirmation times becoming too high for certain business models to be viable.  I'd say we need to keep the blocks big enough to support on-chain coffee-sized transactions at least for a couple of years more.  I believe that may be hard towards the end of the year with a 1MB block size limit in place, but trivial throughout 2016 with a 2 MB limit.
@_date: 2016-02-26 08:13:38
If the routing algorithm is not good enough, the incentives will be to run every lightning transaction through a central hub.  The network effect is pretty strong, so the first successful hub will probably take a lion share of the market.  If the blockchain is full, there will probably be a market for fees.
(Side-note ... just as examples on how strong the network effect is ... look at Localbitcoins - they don't have a monopoly on what they're doing, it's relatively trivial to set up a competing site, but due to the network effect they're able to take 1% commission on all the transactions flowing through their escrow system.  (It's even relatively simple to route around that commission, it's not mandatory to use their escrow system, but most LBC buyers don't even know what a bitcoin address is).  Look at Uber and AirBnB, isn't it so that Uber takes 30% commision?  Their ideas are not revolutionary, they are not the first, and it's relatively trivial to set up such market places - but due to the network effect they are efficiently de-facto monopolies.  Same with Microsoft Windows - even though the first thing I do when receiving a new laptop is to overwrite whatever is on the disk and install Linux, I've had to pay many Windows licenses up through the history.  And ultimately, Bitcoin itself.  There exists other altcoins with lower fees, faster blocks and more features, but Bitcoin is the king of the cryptocurrencies)
So one of the conspiracy theories is that Blockstream wants to throttle the on-chain transactions and set up THE lightning hub.  This seems unlikely to me.  However, it may very well be that what's best for Blockstream is not ultimately best for the Bitcoin community, and Blockstream do have a rather strong position now wrg of deciding what goes in and what doesn't go into core.
@_date: 2016-02-14 00:03:35


That's a new perspective, I haven't seen that one before.  Let me tell one thing about myself ... I did use Windows 3.0 for two weeks in the early 90s.  After that I decided that "windows is not for me", and I haven't looked back.  I must say it has become very difficult to be a "no, I don't use Microsoft products at all"-person during the two following decades.  So my point is - I really feel the pain and agony in "it's like Apple winning and forcing everyone to use their product".
That said, I very much disagree with the stance.  It's just wrong.
First of all, this is a proposed protocol change, it doesn't bind you up to using any particular software package.  If core will not "obey the election result", then they will become irrelevant, and you won't be able to use the software they propose - but you still have several alternatives, it's not only classic.  And, it's open source and maintained with git - you can cherry-pick your very own feature-set if you like.
Regarding protocol changes ... Microsoft Office has been the de-facto reference implementation of a package of de-facto document standards.  All other "office support software" packages needs to be able to import and export into whatever document format the most recent version of the Microsoft Office software package produces.  It hasn't worked out very well, since Microsoft Office ultimately is the best product on reading and producting Microsoft Office documents, it wins the contest all the time.
I think it's a bit the same with Bitcoin Core.  The maintainers (efficiently Blockstream) are free to decide every aspect with the Bitcoin protocol, and people maintaining alternative node software just have to follow up.  I think it's healthy to have some competition in this space, and if the miners are rational they will eventually vote for what is best for the Bitcoin network as a whole (because that's also best for the BTC value and hence their revenue stream).
@_date: 2016-02-12 23:58:45
From the whitepaper:


@_date: 2016-02-20 20:24:16
uhm.  what?  I can't even understand if this is good or bad news :p
@_date: 2016-02-22 16:45:16
I'm pretty sure Gavin, Jeff and Toomin has a bit more technical insight into the Bitcoin environment than the poster.  It seems like many tend to overlook that at least Gavin and Jeff has been in on this since the very beginning.
@_date: 2016-02-23 22:14:07


The fact is that lots of businesses depends on being able to trust unconfirmed transactions - like Burger King in Arnheim.  Traditionally there has been a lot less fraud problems related to unconfirmed transactions than to credit card transactions.  Even the user experience of friend-to-friend payments will suffer if we intentionally break zero-conf transactions.
I don't think opt-in-RBF will be a disaster - *unless* it either gets turned on by default in some popular wallet, or made so easily accessible that people may turn it on without realizing the consequences.  Anyway, I'm getting quite mad when I see sentiments like ...
"never mind zero-conf-transactions, they never were suppsoed to be reliable ... what, businesses depending on them?  well, that's not my problem, that's their problem"
"Who cares about payments ... after all, Bitcoin is a settlement system, not an electronic peer-to-peer cash system!"
"For payments there is Visa, Mastercard, Paypal ... they all do brilliant work with payments, there is no need for Bitcoin to go into that market!"
@_date: 2016-02-18 01:38:04
Do they carry the "Bitcoin accepted here"-logo?  
Pics or it didn't happen ;-)
@_date: 2016-02-28 08:35:00
You may have a point, though it may be a bit more complex than that ...
* Some miners stick to the default soft-limit or for other reasons mine blocks that are significantly smaller than the hard limit.  (as well as miners that mine empty blocks).  Because of this, we can never really be sure if the blocks are full or not simply by looking at the size of the blocks.
* The capacity is maxed out at some parts of the days/weeks now; for someone that depends on fast confirmation, it doesn't really matter that there will be some free capacity 12 hours later.
* Nodes and miners may be dropping low-fee transactions from the mempool, or transactions that have been stuck for more than 48 hours.  So at some point the miner can't find enough transaction to fill up the block, but it's due to the low-fee transactions either not getting through to him at all, has disappeared during peak hours 12 hours earlier or because he's set up a policy himself to ignore low-fee transactions.
@_date: 2016-02-22 16:33:13
Jeff wrote BIP-102, didn't he?
@_date: 2016-02-18 14:07:50
I believe bitcoin will never hit the moon unless it becomes a viable payment means, so it's important that we keep stimulating wherever possible.
@_date: 2016-02-28 06:49:59
The downvote-button is really abused a lot.  Here is an idea for a new revenue stream for reddit: introduce a monetary cost for using the downvote button :p
@_date: 2016-02-13 22:52:04
The "core"-coins, you mean?
That would efficiently mean splitting the network in three, not two;
 1. non-upgraded core nodes
 2. upgraded core nodes
 3. classic nodes
It would also mean to change some of the ground rules - which is kind of funny, since one of the arguments against the hard fork is ... "we need zero tolerance against rule changes, or the next thing is that the miner subsidy will increase".
@_date: 2016-02-29 13:57:26


Nitpicking: this problem doesn't go away if the block size is increased, but it's a very much bigger problem with "full blocks" than with "sufficient block space".
@_date: 2016-02-12 20:40:42
Can we please stop the "altcoin" FUD?  A future with a de-facto currency split and "core bitcoins" living alongside with "classic bitcoins" is extremely unlikely to happen.  Nobody wants that.
The chain with the most accumulated PoW is by definition the Bitcoin blockchain, regardless if the block size limit is set to 1 MB or 2 MB, and regardless if the name of the project is "Bitcoin Core" or "Bitcoin Classic".  Source: the whitepaper.
I currently find it most likely that classic will never achieve 75% consensus - which means it's harmless - but it can still be deemed a success as it probably will cause enough leverage to make a hard fork appear on the roadmap of Core.  
The other outcome is that classic will achieve more than 75% consensus and "win the battle" - then it will by definition be Bitcoin.  Keeping a live and functioning "core coin" network going with less than 25% of the remaining hash power is just not going to work out, the mempool will be clogged, it will be hours between each block, the newly minted "core coins" will be unsellable, and if the maintainers of the core project will stick to their guns on the 1MB limit, then they're the ones that are irresponsible.
@_date: 2016-02-27 22:21:25
The fee estimation data from has the hockey-stick pattern, something one should expect if the blocks are suddenly becoming very full.  However, it doesn't correspond with the data from cointape ( no hockey-stick pattern there as far as I can see.
I'm considering to run through the last few months of activity from blockchain.info and collect some fee statistics.  I'm considering to use two metrics ...
1) The "max" fee/size of transactions that was neither mined in the first nor second block.
2) The "max" fee/size for a transaction that has been delayed by more than 24 hours.
("max" above may eventually be replaced with the 95-percentile.  Find the delayed transactions, sort them by fee, throw away the 5% with highest fees and return the maximum remaining fee).
Does this make sense?  Does there exist valid transactions that would be rejected and delayed for other reasons than too low fees?
Another question is, what is acceptable?  I'd say ... a hockey-stick-graph is an indication that it's quite urgent  to increase the capacity.  Except for that, I'd say it's quite bad if a 10 uBTC fee won't give a 95% probability of 24 hour processing time for a typical transaction and I also think a 300 uBTC fee should give 95% probability that a typical transaction is mined within the two next blocks.  Of course, those are just numbers I'm throwing out of a hat, but again, until LN is an established reality we do want to be able to compete with Visa on coffee-sized transactions (for those claiming that it's enough to compete with gold ... I don't believe bitcoin can sustainably grow on the "digital gold"-usecase alone, and I also believe Bitcoin will find itself outcompeted by some altcoin if it gets too expensive to do payments through Bitcoin).
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:16:47
It's the nature of "[network effect]( as well.  The only reason why Bitcoin is  Bitcoin and not just one out of many altcoins is the network effect.
See also [Metcalfe's law](
@_date: 2016-02-28 13:26:37


Bitcoin was supposed to be "a electronic peer-to-peer cash system", implicit something one could buy a coffee with.
if you can't buy coffee with it, then it ain't a real currency, and if it ain't a real currency I believe the bubble will at some point break, and the value will plummet.
I believe the "digital gold"-usecase won't hold water for a crypto currency that cannot be used as a currency.  While there are few other assets that can compete against gold, the only benefit bitcoin has over altcoins is the network effect.
@_date: 2016-02-13 22:23:34
I can't understand why  (classic winning the "election", and the "core-branch" dieing shortly afterwards) would be a nightmare scenario.
I think the national election is partly a good analogy; if 78% of the population wants a new president, then the nation won’t split in two after the election. It has been said that in a well-working organization one would have a heated argument before the decision is made (though, the “heated argument” should not include ad-hominem and mudslinging), but once the decision is made it’s best that everyone stops arguing, unites and supports the decision.
You are certainly right that while one doesn't have much choice after a national election, with Bitcoin everyone do have a choice. I agree very much with you both that the “classic folks” have all their rights to promote a fork, as much as the “hard-core core-supporters” have their rights to ignore the “election results” and split out their own currency after the election. I strongly believe that they won’t, because there is no economical incentive to do so, while there is a strong economical incentive to follow the (super)majority.
The “hard-core 1MB folks” may have “religious” reasons to stick to the 1MB-limit. Decentralization is indeed important (but can the currency really be “decentralized” if one commercial company has the de-facto power both to veto uncontroversial changes as well as to force through controversial changes to the protocol?). While almost everyone agrees that today, the network can handle 2MB blocks without problems, bigger blocks do tend to favor the Chinese miners. This will be pretty much a moot point with thin blocks implemented (this has already been implemented in XT).
I would expect Peter Todd and luke-jr to stick to their principles disregardless of economical incentives – that means, deliver a client with modified PoW-algorithm as well as work around the 40-minutes-block-interval problem. However, I also believe Blockstream would be more pragmatical and would follow up on the 2 MB block – after all they wouldn’t chop off the branch they’re sitting on, they do have investors and customers to care about.
The “big block camp” has done a lot of compromises – we’re down from 20 MB to 8 MB and now further down to 2 MB. Even in the “core environment” it’s hard to find people being obsessively opposed to 2 MB blocks. We’re mostly how and when we’ll increase the block sizze, not if we should do it or not. I think the disagreement is smaller than what it appears to be. To get back to the national election thing, it’s like a referendum on the speed limits on the highways – should they be 80 km/h or 120 km/h? Now, it would be pretty bad if people would disagree on weather to drive on the right or left side of the road. The speed limit may seem like a very big thing to quite many of the drivers, but in reality it’s not a big thing. There is some coordination work to get all the roadsigns replaced and to prepare the drivers for the change, but it’s not bad enough that one would seriously consider to build two separate systems of highways.
All in all, I remain very optimistic that no matter what, we’ll end up with ONE de-facto bitcoin network after the fork.
@_date: 2016-02-19 15:06:36
Hilarious comments section, as always.  Some nuggets:












(post-edit: added separators between each quote)
@_date: 2016-02-14 15:17:02
Lighthouse is all dead now that Mike Hearn has moved on?
@_date: 2016-02-14 17:03:17
One tiny mention of cointape in the article.
@_date: 2016-02-26 05:41:36
Is it impossible for someone to run a LN hub and require subscription from the users?
I guess one of the conspiracy theories is that the LN routing algorithm will intentionally never work out and that Blockstream would run the "standard", most popular and best working LN hub - with paid subscriptions.  Not a very likely scenario, I'd say.
@_date: 2016-02-12 06:12:44
Perhaps, with "other subs", he meant not-bitcoin-related-subs?
@_date: 2016-02-07 02:41:39
There are services for that, like 
@_date: 2016-02-24 21:12:18
Payment is not a "new use case", Bitcoin was designed to be a peer-to-peer electronic cash system.
Saturated block space *is* a change, it was never meant to be like this. The 1 MB block limit was a temporary DoS-protection.
@_date: 2016-02-23 17:16:00
Rather, what the Core group did *not* do.
@_date: 2016-02-15 10:27:12
He's betting, but at what odds?  Since the odds aren't specified, it probably means 1:1, which again can be be interpreted as "I believe the probability of a successful hard fork is slightly higher than 50%".
Even though I consider myself to be a "classic fanboy", I think we shouldn't fork if proponents like Brian deems the probabilitiy of success as lower than 95% - so I'm strongly encouraging Brian to publish his bet with odds 20.0 or higher.
@_date: 2016-02-23 09:13:30
Never assume malice when stupidity will suffice.
Keep in mind that by speculating on *who* wants to bring down bitcoin you're just adding fuel to the fire.
As I see it, we have a small disagreement wrg blocksize increase.  Lots of compromises have been made (keep in mind that when the discussion started getting ugly, one side wanted 20 MB block size limit while the other side wanted 1 MB forever, during the last month we've been arguing on weather a 2 MB block size increase should come before or after segwit, now the path forward seems reasonably clear and we should stop arguing and get together again (at least until next disagreement occurs).
I think almost everyone in this discussion has the best for bitcoin in mind.  However I also believe those that are doing mudslinging, discrediting the technical skills of either side and spreading conspiracy theories are actively working on "bringing down bitcoin".
This applies both to "smallblockers" and "bigblockers" - so please think a bit about your own contributions!
@_date: 2016-02-16 05:34:52
There just aren't any sensible way for paying for things online today, except Bitcoin!
Did someone say ... "Credit cards"?  Sign up for a credit line, have your credit worthiness scrutinized (hint: it's not a human right to get a credit card, it's not for everybody), receive a plastic card in the mail box, enter all the payment details every time paying for something (impractical, because there are a lot of numbers, and it's also the equivalent of sending the wallet backup phrase to the merchant so he can deduct money from your bitcoin wallet).  That just doesn't make sense!  And then just when ordering things frmo the cell phone while being on the metro, the train enters a tunnell section without network coverage, and ... whops, did the payment get through or not?  You don't know.  The merchant doesn't know.  I won't cover all the hoola-hops the merchant has to go through to be allowed to receive those details and deduct the payment, nor all the fees the merchant has to pay.  Nasty stuff!
Banking; it varies from country to country, but I get a bill, typically in the email, typically attached as a PDF, but sometimes even in the paper mailbox.  To pay it, first I have to log into my internet bank; the login procedure (often involving a token generating device that typically is located in a drawer at home instead of your pocket - luckily I can use my cell phone with my bank) typically takes at least 45 seconds, then one has to navigate through menues to get to the payment interface, then one has to enter several fields; traditionally one is supposed to enter the receivers name and address, the bank account number (in some countries also the full name and address of the receiving bank), the payment reference numbers, the account number, the amount and the payment date.  That's a hell of a lot of cut'n'paste, paying a bill usually takes several minutes, so I tend to procrastinate it when receiving the bill.  A week later ... "did I remember to pay that bill?" - checking up involves logging into the online bank interface again ...
By contrast, paying a bill through bitcoin is simple as that - scan the QR code or click the payment link, if everything is set up correctly next thing is a presentation of the payment details and an OK-button, possibly also some security measures like a pin code - and that's that.  National or international payment?  Doesn't matter!  Wanting to check if the bill was paid or not?  Just copy the bitcoin address over to blockchain.info or similar!  Receiver can instantly see that the bitcoins are on their way, and even if zero-conf is not to be trusted, traditionally it has been a lot more trustworthy than credit card payments!
I know many would disagree with me, but "usability" IS a big selling point for Bitcoin today!
(edited to correct some spelling)
@_date: 2016-02-24 14:13:00
Gold is a physical thing that has been valuable for millenniums.  Even though one can argue that there aren't many use-cases for gold it will remain valuable for some time.
I strongly believe that if bitcoins is only used for speculation or as a "storage of value", then sooner or later the bubble will burst and the value will vapor away; it's nothing but a tulip mania.  Bitcoin ain't no real currency if you can't use it for buying coffee.
I strongly believe bitcoins only has sustainable value as a useful payments medium.  
As a thought experiment, think that all the bitcoins there ever will be is distributed on 21 million people, those people use the currency for buying beer, and in average they want to have ten beers worth of bitcoins in the wallet at any time (lets ignore for a moment that we need circulation of bitcoins back from the pub owners to the beer drinkers somehow).  In this scenario the value of one bitcoin would be exactly ten beers.  As long as we keep the network effect (that the beer buyers doesn't switch to i.e. dogecoin) the value is sustainable.  Then let's say some more tens of millions from the middle class wants to have sufficient amounts of bitcoin in the wallet to buy a replacement washing machine when their old one break and to repair the car.  At that point the bitcoin may sustainable grow in the direction of the moon.
Kill adoption, kill the network effect, kill the idea of buying coffees using bitcoin, and butcoin will be worthless and used only between a handful of cypherpunks - a group of cypherpunks who cannot even agree which cryptocurrency is best.
@_date: 2016-02-23 23:07:49
I think CFCP is important, RBF or not.
Anecdote; some days ago I emptied my wallet completely, later I sent several bitcoins to it from an online exchange, and then I sent a really tiny contribution to WikiLeaks, with a very low fee.
So then I was stuck, with several bitcoins going from the wallet and back into a change address, in an unconfirmed transaction with a very low fee ...
Of course, I could use RBF to unstuck it, but the thing is, I didn't even realize the mistake.  Next transaction I sent had a reasonably high fee.  I don't remember how long time it took to clear.  Point is, when sending a transaction with a high fee, one expects it to clear, one doesn't bother to check up on it.
Came to think, I've frequently observed transactions with "normal" fee in Mycelium being stuck for several hours - it could be because I've done the same mistake earlier.
@_date: 2016-09-06 04:42:16
Uh ... this article is missing quite some information.  What exactly are the Italians up to?
Capital gains and profits are usually taxable worldwide, no matter if it comes from bitcoins, gold, stocks, cleaning services or prostitution.  Nothing new there, nothing exceptional, if Italy has simply explicitly declared that bitcoin income is taxable.
Somethings are more difficult to tax than others, but the principle holds, and both businesses and citizens are supposed to declare all income.  Businesses are generally easier to control than citizens.  If the Italians want to do some cross-checking on businesses dealing with cryptocurrencies, well, that's doable.  Of course the business can hide some of it's income if it really wants to, but that's true for cash transactions as well.
In some countries there are also tax on capital holdings and inheritage.  Again, nothing special with bitcoins.
The EU-ruling that is referred to is about VAT - value added tax - which is a sales tax.  The tax govt in Norway also believes that a bitcoin seller should pay 25% VAT on the turnover every time bitcoins are sold domestically.  This is madness, I don't think anyone has actually paid this and if the tax govt really was to pursue this, I don't believe it would survive a court case.  
If the Italians have decided that they want to slap VAT on every bitcoin sale, then that's sensational news and crazy.
@_date: 2015-09-14 16:01:03
I guess the latest comment on the listing -  - explains it all - the listing was not supposed to be published.
I discovered btcjam some days ago, and I've thrown some money at it - but starting to wonder if it was a smart move at all.  I see in other threads that it has become quite much scamming there lately (and that it has become quite easy due to the autoinvest feature), the support staff can't keep up with the workload, people getting their loans funded are having problems to withdraw the funds, and the comments field is horrible with auto-cencorship of everything that resembles an URL, email address, etc plus that long comments gets truncated.  bitlendingclub.com seems a bit better, though I thing the word "club" is a bit deceiving, it is after all a commercial service, isn't it?
Then there is lighthouse and lightlist - though so far there doesn't exist any way to get a refund, so it's only good for donations.
@_date: 2015-09-14 15:45:55
Is it true that it's so easy to buy bitcoins in Kazakhstan?
Now you got your atm almost funded, but the rate is quite bad.  (Isn't the rate clearly visible when you post the loan request?  You're wasting everybodys time by cancelling the loan request)  Have you considered using other services than btcjam?  It seems to me that in the bitlendingclub.com service it's possible to get lower interest rates (but the fee for using the service is the same).
@_date: 2016-10-29 12:20:25
The quadratic growth of processing time is a "cosmic worst-case" scenario, only relevant if malicious miners intentionally wants to produce a block that takes a lot of CPU to validate.
I believe the counter-argument from the BU supporters is that it doesn't make economically sense to produce such blocks, i.e. the orphan risk would be too high.
@_date: 2016-10-29 23:46:31
One block out of half a million blocks taking excessive time to validate ... why would that be a huge problem?  Aren't those 20s (or 20 minutes) still insignificant compared with all the hours it takes to sync the blockchain?
Or, with "continous", did you mean a node that is in sync, but suddenly gets 20 seconds (or 20 minutes) out of sync ... if it happens once during several years, why is it such a big issue i.e. compared to those times where a transaction stays unconfirmed for half a day just because there was a 90 minute delay between two blocks?
Or with "continous", did you mean an attack situsation where there are many "terrible" blocks hitting the blockchain?
@_date: 2016-10-29 20:34:52
So one block out of almost half a million blocks takes more than 20 seconds to validate.  With 8MB block, theoretically a block could take more 20 minutes to validate.  If that happens once within the next half million blocks, is it a big deal?  Probably not?  It's probably a bigger problem when there are no new blocks for more than an hour ... which does happen from time to time, purely due to the nature of geometric probability distributions?
If miners would ignore and orphan block with too many sigops, everything would be OK, such attacks would be both costly for the attacker and pretty harmless for the rest of the network.  If miners will do SPV-mining on top of such blocks, it's pretty bad.  I believe the "headless mining"-code by Gavin by default will orphan blocks if they aren't validated within 20 seconds?
@_date: 2015-11-06 17:46:14
Aha ... I understand it now, all the duplicity shown on the blockinfo explorer is due to address reuse.
@_date: 2015-11-05 13:15:00
cointape.com displays the number of transactions that haven't made it into a block, grouped by the tx fee and gives a recommendation on fee size based on that ... though, that page doesn't deliver history, only snapshot data.
@_date: 2016-05-23 13:39:35
I disagree, but that's IMO not a valid reason for downvoting.  (Have an upvote instead!)
Consumer protection may be a legitimate criticism, particularly in nations with weak consumer protection laws.  One has a bit of protection with credit cards, under some circumstances one can ask for a chargeback.  This does not come for free, merchants pay significantly much in credit card fees, and the chargeback risk is a calculated cost - basically, the merchant has to pay for credit card fraud as well as illegitimate chargebacks.  I believe merchants should offer a discount when receiving bitcoins.  If the merchant has a good reputation, or if the trade happens within a jurisdiction with good consumer protection laws, wouldn't you give up the right to press for a chargeback for a discount?  I would ...
There are possibilities for escrowing with or without a trusted third party with bitcoin transactions, this is built into openbazaar for one thing.
I think the "full blocks"-issue is a real PITA, and quite annoying as it has been predicted to be a problem for a long time now.  I think it's not such a big problem if using i.e. mycelium.  If I need something to go into the next block I chose "priority", if not I chose "normal".  With "normal", there is a theoretical possibility that the transaction will not go through during the next 48 hours and eventually time out ... but it hasn't happened to me yet at least.  (I did experience being at the receiving end of a transaction from blockchain wallet in  March, while blockchain still had a static 0.1 mBTC fee, and the seller emptied the wallet completely, so the transaction contained lots of "dust" - and eventually timed out after 48 hours)
@_date: 2016-05-03 08:05:38
This proves nothing; if Gavin already had a downloaded copy of Electrum to his own laptop, it's sufficient to check that the md5sum matches.  Not to forget they may be using TOR or similar technologies.  Not to forget they may be using TOR or similar technologies.
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:19:26
"Bitcoin mining is utterly wasteful - so much energy is spent on basically producing nothing, and it's certainly going to get a lot worse if the bitcoin value increases"
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:17:31
"Bitcoin is mostly useful for criminals.  Bitcoins makes it a lot easier to send funds to terrorist organization, pay for assassins (crime-as-a-service), claim ransom payments, etc."
@_date: 2016-05-20 15:36:09
The original confirmation was sent with too low fees and didn't confirm and was double-spent.
Oh - one moment.  Forgot that this would only work out if the "victim" actually has 38 BTC in his hot wallet.
@_date: 2016-05-23 11:29:28


Price has been remarkably stable during the last few months.  For a short-term BTC loan in todays market situation, the volatility is not a problem at all - but looking back the previous 12 months at btcjam and comparable sites, for sure a significant amount of defaults are due to borrower caught by surprise by the bitcoin value increasing.
(I believe "scammer" and "failed business plan" are the  and  reasons for default, though).
@_date: 2015-11-06 16:13:19
I've been thinking "I wish I had historic data of this" many times, googling on it came up empty ... now I've set up a cronjob to pull out data from the API every hour.  Remind me to update this thread in some months time.  It will be very interesting to graph the growth of unconfirmed transactions with "significant" fees as well as the fee estimate.
I got to know about cointape just recently, so I haven't followed it for more than weeks - but I'm quite surprised that the fee estimate has almost always been the same when I've checked - 90 satoshis pr byte - but some days ago it actually _shrunk_ to 80 satoshis pr byte.
@_date: 2016-05-23 05:15:07
If you have a strong belief that Bitcoin is going to the moon, I think the best strategy is HODL'ing.  It's just too greedy to expect some extra percentages of return while HODL'ing.
@_date: 2016-05-01 13:05:03
 ... Now what ... DID the Kraken investigation end?
@_date: 2015-10-08 11:39:50
*swap* *swap* *swap* *thrash* *swap* ... I need to install more memory, apparently :-)  But I already knew that, it's just one of those tasks that I've been postponing and postponing and postponing.  I have the extra chips, but I hate dealing with hardware and I hate downtime :-)
1G RAM, for a server doing quite some other stuff besides running bitcoin-core.  Would I be better off running bitcoin-xt?
I'm definitively in the count of nodes falling out of the network.
@_date: 2015-10-29 06:11:25
1200*3 = 3600.
So, if gemini turns over 1200 BTC a day, and assuming all buyers are "long holders", then the bucket accounts for 1/3 of the drop.  Or, the drop is like three buckets big.
Either the bucket is really very small, or the drop is really big.
@_date: 2016-05-05 17:45:09
Come on, he wouldn't go through so many hoops just for £5.  Then again, there was three persons sending £5 each - so if he really is Satoshi, he actually managed to scam them for an amazing £15!
@_date: 2016-05-25 15:14:05


Bitcoin has the potential to save the business from costs and risks.   I suppose it's often the opposite, most merchants pay a fee for using a bitcoin payment processor, and now with the full blocks there are risks of transactions getting stuck and timing out - but for the sake of the argument, let's assume bitcoin transactions works with very low friction seen from the merchant side of it, that the merchant saves 1.5% in credit card fees for all bitcoin transactions, and that they also have a 0.5% loss due to illegitimate chargebacks and credit card fraud.  Not to forget, it's actually the customer that pays the bitcoin transaction fee.
In such a scenario, it would make sense to encourage customers to use it, one way would be by giving the customers some of the savings in discounts. 


This varies a lot from market to market.  I may be wrong, but I believe the general situation in most markets is like this:
Whenever a merchant signs up with a credit card payment processor, it's clearly stated in the terms that the merchant should cover all credit-card handling costs and that the merchant should not discriminate credit card customers by giving them a different price than cash customers - hence, cash discounts is just not an option, it would be a breach of contract.  If the merchant doesn't like the conditions, then the option is to not accept credit cards ... which is hardly an option nowadays - though, some small shops may still go with that option.  Quite some credit card providers bribe their customers with cashbacks, some of the profit is routed back to the customer.  This gives an unhealthy market situation strongly favoring credit cards.
The fees for using credit cards varies a lot between the different markets; in some markets one pays a flat constant fee for each transaction, in other markets the fee is proportional to the transaction size ... I suppose there are also combinations of those.  In some jurisdictions there are regulations in place preventing the credit card providers demanding the merchants to cover all the fees/costs.  In some parts of the Euro-union, merchants strictly denies customers using Visa/Mastercard if the amount to be paid is less than ten euros.  In Denmark, a 2.5% credit card fee gets added to the bill if one pays with Visa/Mastercard in restaurants and hotels.
I used to work with online gambling, we had a deposit fee for customers using credit cards, and our "chargeback cost" was constantly around 1% - plus lots of employee-hours handling chargebacks and implementing systems to reduce the risk - plus lost business due to people being mad at the security policies.
One more thing, one shouldn't underestimate the costs and risks associated with handling cash.  If the total cost of credit card usage (chargeback risk, fees) is considered to be 2.5% and the total cost of cash management (equipment for handling the cash, loss due to wrong counting, costs for transporting the cash to the bank, loss due to fake money, robbery risk, mental stress due to said risk, etc) also is considered to be at 2.5% ... then there is no incentive to give a cash discount.
@_date: 2015-11-06 16:09:05
After reading the other comments here, I wonder why the transaction is that big.  What wallet software did you use?
@_date: 2016-05-13 10:21:10
I was basically against the third option.  However, I did pick *one* cryptocurrency that looked promising long before it bubbled up to the 2nd place on coinmarketcap, and I do believe that at one point one of the competitors will outcompete Bitcoin.  RemindMe! 2018
Bitcoin is a technical protocol for transferring value, and as such it needs to be developed - especially as the current protocol cannot handle more traffic than what what we already have today.
How does one go about changing a protocol ... or a standard?  Just saying "this sucks, I'll make my own protocol" is generally NOT a good idea.  We've seen it over and over again ... like IRC, once the standard for online chat, now used only by some few old-style geeks like myself, the rest are spread all over ... mostly on commercial platforms like Skype, Slack, Telegram, etc.  
A protocol like Bitcoin needs to be governed.  The "benevolent dictatorship" is one model, however it does not always work out optimally - and none of the original developers wanted to take that role.  All projects I know of that successfully uses the "benevolent dictatorship"-model are software projects that can easily be forked without the potential of disrupting a network.
"Democracy" has given us Boaty McBoatface ... various US presidents, even Hitler did it quite well in democratic elections, so it's by no means perfect.  Still, it's the best tool we have in the drawer - and I don't know of any examples where a 75% true and informed majority has been proven seriously wrong.  If 75% of the community would turn their back to Core, then core has failed to deliver.   I believe **it's a failure to address the forks with "Bitcoin is not a democracy"**.  If 75% of the community would turn the back to core, then the current core governance is seriously on the wrong track.
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:05:58
@_date: 2016-05-18 19:42:55
Cryptography ... no idea, I'm not an expert on that, but it's unlikely.  has been talking about the need to invalidate early bitcoins before they are stolen by quantum computer cracking, though even those coins are probably safe until 2020.  We'll probably have multiple hard forks and even more soft forks before 2020, but most likely they will not invalidate your coins.
I believe a third, fourth, fifth or even sixth scenario may be more likely.  Well, I think I will generalize it to two scenarios.
1) You get new information, and based on that information you get a compelling need to sell your bitcoins.  Let me just tell you about our example ... we moved to another town and needed to buy a house there.  My wife found just the perfect spot - perfectly fitting our wishes and needs.  It was big, but we could have rented out 50%, and we even knew the perfect tenants.  And it was cheap, compared to the size.  Unfortunately we couldn't afford it - the other interessted party had just a tiny little bit more funding than we had.  Yes, I'd gladly sold all my hodlings for that house.  Another example: your choice is probably based on your love for bitcoins.  Now, what if your feelings for the bitcoins will change at some point?
2) When I write "you will regret", that includes retro perspective.  Maybe Bitcoin will be as dead as MySpace in some few years, maybe the value will plummet.  In retro perspective you will probably regret that you locked the coins instead of selling them.  Then again, you would have needed to be smarter than the market to be able to sell out at the right time, so it's not really something to feel bad about.
I don't know your situation ... this is indeed a very good way to protect the coins against robbery, coercion, blacmail and a momentary lapse of reason, so it may make sense ... but four years is a long time, and a lot of things may happen before that.
@_date: 2016-05-18 13:45:07


My gut feeling tells me you'll regret this at some point.
RemindMe! 2018-05-18
@_date: 2016-05-25 21:17:33


I can see there are costs and difficulties integrating bitcoins into the accounting systems of an organization that has never before handled other currencies than their native currency.  This can be mitigated by using a payments processor that accepts bitcoins and sends fiat directly to a bank account.
I can see volatility being a big risk if the company chooses to keep bitcoins.
I can see that there is a cost of converting between fiat and bitcoins, I believe this cost will become smaller and smaller with time.


In practice we've heard a lot of stories - there are quite many "high profile" companies that have lost significant amounts of bitcoins due to various attacks, many of them have even gone bankrupt.  I believe it's quite normal with fiat as well, just that we probably don't hear a lot about it.  I also believe the risk is decreasing as best-practices are getting established.
I think that *theoretically*, Bitcoins wins hands down compared to both cash and money in the bank when it comes to risks  of embezzlement, robbery, phishing attacks, social engineering attacks, etc.  
* The risk of violent robbery attempts is quite specific to cash.  In a regular brick&amp;mortar-setup, the shop clerk would not have any access to bitcoins, the shop clerk will only be able to generate payment requests from their PoS-system and observe them being paid.  Same goes with credit card payments and any kind of electronic payment.
* The risk of a shop clerk directly siphoning from the money received from the customers is very small with most electronic payments, including bitcoins.  I'd claim the risk is higher with credit cards, often the clerk will have possibility to copy all the information needed for doing more purchases on the same credit card.
* The risk of money getting lost because the cashier counted wrong is a cash-specific problem.
* There is a risk that bank money gets stolen through various attacks (social engineering, phishing, malware, breakins, insider attacks, etc) as well as plain-old bezzlement (annecdote  In a non-profit organization I'm a member of, the newly hired young secretary was just grabbing all the money from the bank accounts and running away before it was discovered - we were set back a couple of years due to that, both because a lot of money went missing and because of all the efforts we needed to put into damage control and getting the accounting right.  Anecdote  We had quite some incidents at my previous work place as well, with manual handling of payout requests from our bank account to customers - once a big payout was made, and the handler forgot to add the dot before the two decimals - so the big payout just got 100x bigger ...).  Yes, lots of shit has happened with bitcoin-handling companies as well - but I believe it's "teething problems", with multisig wallets and smart contracts it is possible to secure funds pretty well.
* Stealthy embezzlement from a transparent non-profit organization dealing exclusively with bitcoins will be quite difficult, as anyone will be able to inspect the money flow.
* Companies dealing with automated payouts and payins from customers (such as online exchanges, gambling sites, etc - but not regular merchants) will always need to have some "hot wallet" where it's possible for the software to automatically transact money - and the software may be buggy or have security vulnerabilities - but this is not bitcoin-specific, this applies as much for software that are authorized to do payouts from bank accounts ... and if the payouts are done manually, the risk of mistakes are a lot bigger.
@_date: 2016-05-13 10:39:50


The debate started late 2010 to be exact.  Very few (perhaps except Luke-Jr) are against increasing the capacity, the question is mainly how and when.  I'm quite sure that if the community would have worked together in a constructive manner, we'd have had a real capacity increase already in the end of 2015.


No, I didn't say so.


Classic has not been around for years.  Yes, Classic has failed to get sufficient support - until now it has failed - and that's OK.
What I think is not OK is ...
* FUD-campaigns - XT or Classic or Unlimited is not dangerous by itself.  The software is perfectly compatible with the protocol.  If more than 70% of the miners actively chooses such software, then maybe  dangerous things may happen - but then again, if such an overwhelming majority of the miners actively would turn their back to Core, then something is obviously very wrong with the Core-approach.
* Actions preventing a healthy discussions of the alternatives.  We wouldn't have had a split community if it wasn't for the moderation policies here.
* Arguments ad verecundiam.  Telling people to stick to Core because "bitcoin is not a democracy" is ad verecundiam.
* Arguments ad hominem.  I see way too much of that, both on and I must admit, is probably worse.
* "Use it and/or shut the fuck up".  That's obviously a valid argument when maintaining a javascript library, but Bitcoin as a protocol ... everyone have full rights to join into the argument, the protocol belongs to everyone, it's a public good.
* Unfounded conspiracy theories.  Well, some of them may be true. :-)
@_date: 2016-05-13 19:44:10


That's the purpose of this post; Bitcoin is being compared to a javascript library.  I think that's rather sad, and I have hence downvoted this post.


Now, look at that.  You really seem to be within that small square in 
I do agree that my opinions have much significance, but I do believe I have the right to speak up.  And people have the full right to run alternative implementations if they want to.
@_date: 2016-05-20 15:33:54


Absolutely!  I've done so many mistakes myself recently.  Luckily, in most cases people are honest and refunding.  Yesterday I met up with a guy and received cash for 1.067 bitcoins.  Several hours later I discovered he had managed to send me 1.067 mBTC ... but he was quick to send the rest when I pointed it out, so probably not a scam, probably just a mistake ;-)
@_date: 2016-05-13 09:58:49
Bitcoin is a protocol.  You can't change the protocol just by contributing code.
@_date: 2015-10-11 22:21:56
"Bitcoin is a ponzi-scheme, the only purpose is to give a big win for the early adopters"
@_date: 2016-05-23 06:00:44
Exceptions do apply - but yes, generally, when some months have passed, the borrower has moved on and "forgotten" all about the debt.
@_date: 2015-10-26 06:01:13
I didn't care looking at the ZH comments until I read your comment.  Those comments are almost as hillarious as ...
@_date: 2017-07-31 05:13:30
I believe you need to install a fork of electrum to access the bitcoin cash - see electroncash.org.  There is also an official statement from the Electrum team at 
Came to think, "Bitcoin Cash" seems to be a very bad name choice as it's nearly impossible to search for it on google.
@_date: 2016-10-12 12:46:01
Why stick to Localbitcoins?  I know there are some reasons ... in some situations it may be the fastest and most anonymous way to buy bitcoins, and if getting in touch with the right seller it can also be the most friendly way - but I see no reason to insist on using Localbitcoins?
There is bitsquare, I would recommend testing that one out - but it's not the easiest application to use, and one cannot buy bitcoins without having bitcoins, so for people wanting to enter the world of crypto currencies, it's a bit of a catch-22.
See also 
@_date: 2016-05-23 13:01:32
... and all the credit card fraud!
Domestically in Norway we now have three banks now fighting to win market shares with proprietary platform-dependent mobile applications allowing "quick payments", basically they work as a gateway from credit cards to bank accounts - and the transactions are  irreversible, those three banks takes all the risk.  Apparently there is no real-name verification anywhere in those systems.  There are lots of LBC profiles trying to buy bitcoins using those mobile apps with stolen credit card numbers.  Someone with username andyman at LBC has found out that by faking the information entered into the app, it's possible to route payments to any bank account, the receiver doesn't even need to use said systems - so even if I denied receiving money on said app he still managed to buy bitcoins from me using said app.
The result: the banks are angry with bitcoin sellers.  I suppose they blame it all on bitcoins nature, while in reality this is all a problem with the nature of credit cards.
I only have experience with system delivered by the biggest bank so far.  I didn't want to install it, but gave up due to the amounts of people wanting to buy Bitcoin using that platform.  They could have alerted the payment receivers at once - we'd be happy to provide help identifying the fraudster, and we would have ensured that the "andyman"-account on LBC got frozen months ago.  Instead the bank decided to just quietly block our bank accounts and profiles on said payment app.
@_date: 2016-05-24 07:39:53
meaning some alt-coin or regular banking solution will take over the market for coffee-sized transactions, resturant bills in low-cost countries, etc. I did "sign up" for a currency that could be used for such purposes, I believe quite much on the btc value is built on this promise, and I believe once some altcoin proves to be more popular for the small-value transfers, bitcoin will rapidly become deprecated and worthless.
It's a fallacy to dismiss low-value transactions as unimportant.
@_date: 2016-05-23 05:12:58


Yep.  There are many scammers out there, but even people *wanting* to be honest can default.  The BTC voliatility is one out of several reasons why I'm currently fairly pessimistic on p2p bitcoin lending in general:
* BTC value going down?  The borrowers are able to pay back their loans, compared to fiat you've lost on the investment (but if your alternative strategy would be HODL'ing, you have indeed gained some interesst).  Maybe you could smell the value falling (now with the capacity problems, gmaxwell publically calling his colleagues "well-meaning dipshits", the rise of ethereum, etc, I'm not much optimistic anymore, I'd love to pull out my BTCs locked in peer-to-peer-lending and convert them to other assets)
* BTC value going up?  Those "well-meaning dipshits" that borrowed find themselves unable to repay, it's a lose-lose-situation, the borrower losing face and the lender losing his bitcoins.
Yes, USD-denominated loans are offered, but they are not that popular among the bitcoin-investors.  For "real-life-investments" where someone needs fiat for earning more fiat, it's totally insane having the loan denominated in anything other than fiat.  For people investing into cryptocurrencies, it may make sense to have a BTC-denominated loan.
@_date: 2016-05-25 15:27:33
I believe most *merchants* accepts zero-conf transactions as long as a decent fee has been paid (and the user shouldn't need to worry about the fees - any decent and up-to-date wallet will handle that part for the user), and will give instant feedback that the transaction has been accepted.
With a credit card transaction, there is always a risk that the transaction gets pending in an unknown state, i.e. due to server outages or network outages.  Particularly with the "3D secure"-schemes it's a lot forth and back, and the customer needs to be online throughout the transaction process - and network outages aren't that rare for customers on mobile devices, travelling at high speed ... oups, the train entered a tunnel.  Did the transaction go through or not?  Often neither the customer nor the merchant will know for sure.  With bitcoin payments, it's very easy to check out if the transaction went through or not, it can be done asynchronously, on unstable networks.  I really love that, it's very smooth compared to credit cards.
@_date: 2016-05-19 11:53:22
it died when Mike Hearn got "eaten up" by the blocksize debate.
I do have bitcoins in pledges and in the lighthouse wallet. I wonder how to get it out from there.
@_date: 2015-10-12 13:14:43
I have a very low-memory host, I've had to bump up this minimum really a lot ...
$ sudo grep tx /etc/bitcoin/bitcoin.conf
Time to either install (the Bitcoin-core fork that should not be named here) or more memory...
(I'd like to see a compromise; max memory pool limit, solved partly by dynamically lifting the minrelaytxfee and partly by dropping random transactions).
I see there is also a flood of duplicate transactions out there.  This malleability thing is becoming a big nuistance.
@_date: 2016-05-06 06:14:44
Funny, I got contacted yesterday from someone that needed to sell bitcoins to buy groceries.  Maybe it was Satoshi?  Unfortunately I wasn't able to help.
@_date: 2016-05-13 04:56:13


Not only that.  The complaints are not on implementation details, but about the *protocol*.
Minor implementation details can be fixed via a pull request, if the pull request is turned down, one can fork the project.  The same could be said about protocol changes (write up a BIP, write a pull request, if it gets turned down, fork the project) - but to suceed with a fork, a majority of the users would have to adopt the fork.  It's a chicken-and-hen-style-problem, the fork is irrelevant because nobody uses it, and the fork is not used because it's irrelevant.
Forks have been attempted, the forks have been made so that they are 100% compatible until it has reached 75% adoption.  Some has compared it to a "voting process", but it's not an entirely fair comparition (75% majority required - not only 50%, passive voters are included in the count, many of the voters haven't even been informed that we have an election and that there exists other candidates, etc).
In a decent democracy one would argument against and for the proposals put forth and either let the forking attempt succeed or let the forking attempt fail.  Unfortunately that's not what we're seeing; the arguments are overwhelmingly ad hominem, quite much ad verecundiam.  (Maybe we're seing it because very few redditors - if any - have any experiences with a "decent democracy"?).
In the main channels used for discussions within the community, the forks have been considered so dangerous that discussions haven't been accepted.  It's like trying to establish a new party and hold elections in a country where 95% only gets their daily news dosage through the media being controlled by the "established party", and said media don't want people to know there exists a new party nor any elections.  When it wasn't possible to hide the fact anymore, we get fed with news stories claiming that elections are dangerous, the minority party is attempting to do a coup'd'etat, even showing token support to the minority party (by running a node using one of the forks) is considered dangerous.
As an attempt on solving that problem, the community have been forked.  It's not really possible to put forth arguments that aren't supported within the group, as one will get downvoted.  Arguments that aligns with the group are upvoted.  Hence we get massive problems with "group think".  Yes, it's very harmful for Bitcoin indeed.
@_date: 2016-05-23 11:22:05
40 years?
@_date: 2016-05-13 19:35:23
In a democratic society a defeated party can always try again.  It really sucks when someone manage to force through really irreversal changes by a simple majority, by putting forth basically the same proposal over and over again.  Like, PIPA, SOPA, TTIP, etc ... they just don't give it up.  Same with plans to allow strip mining, etc.  Same with BIP101 and BIP109? I think there are some major differences ...
While BIP101 and BIP109 potentially could cause irreversible harm to Bitcoin.  (I personally don't believe it's likely - but that's irrelevant), they are still pretty harmless;
* it's not something that can be pushed through by a simple majority.  75% of the miners actively switching away from core, that won't happen unless the miners are really unhappy with the core governance.
* The risk of a sybil attack is almost non-existant.
* The miners have a lot at stake, and should be motivated to make an informed decision.  The miners are interested in a steadily growing bitcoin price, whatever is good for Bitcoin also tend to cause a steadily ricing price.
Another thing, I consider the move from BIP109 to BIP101 as a willingness to compromise.  I consider that with BIP101, BIP102, BIP109, etc, we would already have had a decent capacity increase in January this year.  Quite many of us did believe that we would get a meaningful capacity increase in April this year and the news story directly after Hong Kong as that we'd get an effective 4MB block size through a soft fork.  Now it's like ... yes, maybe we'll get an effective block size somewhere between 1.2M and 1.7M by August, the very earliest.  Did we get fooled, or did we just fail to read the roadmap well enough?


I hope it really is like this: 
My impression is that Gavin most of the time is a polite and well-meaning human being.  Unfortunately I can't say the same about the more vocal redditors on 