@_author: tobypadilla
@_date: 2016-01-27 19:54:18
It allows a merchant or app developer to create transactions that encode metadata to the blockchain *without* any knowledge of the users wallet other than it supports my proposed BIP.
As a merchant you could for example hash a plain text copy of the invoice into the transaction that a customer would use to pay for their order. That transaction is serialized in the Payment protocol and sent to the users wallet where they decide to pay (or not). When they submit the transaction the OP_RETURN data is encoded on the blockchain.
It's possible now but you have to burn value.
Other ways to use OP_RETURN require making and submitting the transaction in the same process so you need access to private keys...
@_date: 2016-01-27 19:51:39
The problem is that BIP70 doesn't allow for zero value OP_RETURNs. If you were building a custom wallet you can submit OP_RETURN and no one can stop you now. They way that the transaction gets interpreted via the Payment protocol is different though. It's actually almost identical to a normal standard transaction with this additional logic around zero value outputs.
My change makes it easy to construct transactions that use OP_RETURN *outside* of the same software that submits it. It's possible today but not without burning value.
@_date: 2016-01-27 20:09:42
I think there is at least an informal standard to only allow one OP_RETURN per transaction.
The issue is where this transaction is constructed. You can construct such a transaction and submit it directly in the same software. But, if you want to create that transaction on a server and pass it to a wallet using BIP70, you will not be allowed to have a zero value OP_RETURN. That's the part my BIP fixes.
@_date: 2016-01-27 23:56:42
Very interesting, thank you for the link!
Key.run is definitely not in it's final form, in fact it's barely in any form at all. I wanted to get a technology proof of concept built then address these issues in Bitcoin itself before taking it to the next level. The idea is to make content monteizable and trackable.
I would say one big difference between key.run and Tierion is the use of BIP70. I've only ever seen OP_RETURN data being encoded in some sort of custom Bitcoin client. While it's true that key.run is a Bitcoin client, that functionality is only used for pulling data off the blockchain.
The transactions that encode data are constructed on the key.run server with no connection to the Bitcoin network. They are only sent to the network from the end user's wallet. I wanted to make a system that didn't require managing any private keys, so none are stored on the server. The only private key is the one in the user's wallet. I imagine Tierion has a private key on the server to submit the OP_RETURN transactions to the Bitcoin network.
@_date: 2016-01-29 17:40:26
I left them blank because I assumed the editor would add them.
Luke Jr and I did go around and around quite a bit on this (and still are in regard to the pull request associated with it). I'm really happy he merged it though, and I enjoyed the vigorous debate.
@_date: 2016-01-28 17:22:18
Oh, it's definitely "rather weird" :) I see a lot of potential in this mechanism though. I really wanted to not focus on key management but instead on the application itself. This is a nice way for merchants to make rich transactions without having to sit on Bitcoin and submit them themselves.
Thank you for chiming in on the PR btw!