@_author: tobytherobot
@_date: 2016-08-14 05:28:13
[As much as I hate to interrupt the jerk...](
@_date: 2016-04-30 17:58:47


































































...and it's just that simple!!
Seriously I just have my dirty statist fiat direct deposited into my bank account and I never have to think about securing it, and that's true whether I'm holding it or trying to send it somewhere else.  On the other hand, all of this sounds exhausting; I mean I'm already a fairly busy guy.  How much of my time should I be expected to spend on this horse shit?  How much time should anyone be expected to spend, and why would they want to?
@_date: 2016-04-30 19:17:14


I hope you'll forgive my skepticism, but who uses Bitcoin to survive?  How do they buy groceries or pay rent?  If they don't have access to fiat, how did they obtain any Bitcoin in the first place?
@_date: 2016-04-13 20:31:16
Well, if Satoshi (PBUH) said it, it must be true.  Never mind that Bitcoin currently handles an order of magnitude fewer transactions than Visa and it's at capacity and the "community" is in a huge destructive schism about what to do about it.
Satoshi said that Bitcoin can handle more transactions than Visa, and therefore it can.
@_date: 2016-04-30 22:16:07
I believe the withdrawal limit is only for withdrawing physical paper currency through a teller's desk or an ATM -- there's no spending limit for cards or checks.  I understand that Greece kind of lags behind the rest of Europe in terms of electronic payments, but if you're "paying with Bitcoin" by using a Xapo card, well, couldn't you just as easily be paying with euros by using a conventional debit card?
@_date: 2016-04-30 23:43:48
I appreciate your straightforwardness.  But it kind of follows that there isn't anybody in Greece that is "using bitcoin to survive," doesn't it?  To whatever extent  someone in Greece is using Bitcoin through a Xapo card, they could just as easily be using euros in the same manner.
@_date: 2016-04-30 19:14:59


We have; that's why deposit insurance exists, it's a big part of why the federal reserve exists (to be a lender of last resort to banks experiencing a run), and it's why financial regulation exists.  None of that is a perfect system (no system is perfect), but it frankly seems preferable to and safer than this byzantine nonsense.
@_date: 2016-04-13 20:32:44
Sounds like a hell of a way to run a business -- you do something illegal and center your efforts around making yourself harder to catch.  With Bitcoin!
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:41:13


That foolish assumption is also essentially the only thing that's keeping the price at any kind of high level; people buy because they expect the price to keep going up, which keeps the price going up.  If people stop doing that, then Bitcoin will become nearly worthless (save for its value as a medium of exchange for doing illegal shit on the internet, which is its only bona fide use case).
@_date: 2018-01-17 17:33:16


Exactly -- all you need to do is know the future and you can make a killing.
@_date: 2018-01-31 22:57:06
No see the full story is the account is frozen forever and the money in there will never go to the person who had the account frozen because the evil banksters or whatever; we're all being *oppressed.*
Seriously I'm so happy that you're in this thread because otherwise it would be completely infuriating.
@_date: 2018-09-08 17:11:34
Doesn't the whole crypto-libertarian ideology largely rely on assuming that people will act in their rational self interest?


Oh, honey.
@_date: 2015-12-17 15:41:09
But I think we can probably agree that, to whatever extent someone is banned for expressing a conflicting opinion (or even an unpleasant truth), that's "censorship," right?  Does that ever happen around here?
@_date: 2015-05-09 18:05:19


Whew well that's a relief.
@_date: 2015-05-03 23:31:06


Lol brother what a bunch of horse shit.  So if someone owed you $100 and they "paid" you with a shitload of tulips, you're telling me that you'd be fine with going through the hassle of converting that $100 worth of tulips into one hundred actual dollars?  How would you even go about doing that?  Would you put an ad on Craigslist or something?  Do you think you'd be able to find a single buyer for $100 worth of tulips?  If not, would you be willing to hunt down several buyers to unload all of them?  All of this is just as good to you as getting $100 in cash?  It's an enormous hassle.
And this isn't me just being unnecessarily harsh -- it goes to the core of the point that's being made.  If you pay someone with bitcoin when they actually want cash, you're imposing a hassle on them to whatever extent it they have to work to get their money.  "Great, now I have to set up a bitcoin wallet, transfer the money over to it, set up an exchange account (which requires divulging a bunch of personal information and waiting a week-or-so for everything to clear), transfer the money to my exchange account, sell the bitcoin for currency (which requires a brokerage fee), wait for THAT transaction to clear, and then transfer the money to my checking account.  Then I have the money you owe me."
Maybe just don't be a dick and pay them with cash instead.  Being paid in something else is a hassle, whether it's tulips or bitcoins or whatever else.
@_date: 2015-05-25 19:47:11


@_date: 2015-05-09 19:19:43
"I'm sure someday someone will fix it" seems to be the "solution" offered for a lot of bitcoin's deficiencies.
@_date: 2015-05-04 13:29:48
@_date: 2015-05-03 16:43:07
That's kind of a dick move, don't you think?  I mean if someone owed you money and paid you with rubles, would you have a "priceless" look on your face?  Would it make any difference to you if that person explained that what they have given you is technically currency?
@_date: 2015-05-15 14:22:30


With due respect, Bitcoin is an AWFUL store of value.  A good store of value allows someone to safely keep their wealth stable in value.   Bitcoin fluctuates pretty wildly in price, and will probably either rise enormously in value when that "mass adoption" that everyone talks about finally happens, or it will plummet to near-worthlessness when the fad finally blows over.  That's not a store of value; it's a gamble.  Bitcoins are store of value in the same way that naked put options or penny stocks or black on a roulette wheel are a store of value, I suppose.  
Bitcoin isn't particularly safe either; a simple keylogger or root kit threatens any Bitcoin you hold in a wallet unless you follow diligently follow the 35-point plan elsewhere on this sub to make your computer completely cut off from the outside world.  Even then you're vulnerable to the old "I'm going to beat you with a wrench until you tell me your private key" gambit.
I think most people who want a store of value go with treasury bills.  They're stable (generally they EXACTLY keep pace with inflation), they're as safe as investments can possibly be (unless the United States economy completely collapses, you're going to be repaid, and the bonds themselves are traceable and very probably kept with a bank as opposed to carried around in your wallet).  So what do I need Bitcoin for, again?
Against what?  What's the financial asset that moves in the opposite direction to Bitcoin?  Whatever it is, there's probably a better security with a broader/deeper market that can be used as a hedge.


That is the case.  More people want to sell than want to buy, so the price gets driven lower until people are finally enticed into buying.
@_date: 2015-05-14 14:06:48
I thought it was really good man.  I liked the part where you were all like "the blawk-chHYAAAAAAAAYN is goinew sayve us awwwwwll"; it was catchy!
@_date: 2015-05-04 13:43:18
Isn't the dollar also backed by the _entire economic output of the United States_ to the extent that you can exchange dollars for anything that the United States economy produces that is offered for sale?
If your answer to that first question is "no," then please explain what, if anything, bitcoin is backed by.
@_date: 2015-05-09 17:51:46
This is why most people don't keep stacks of bank notes in their home.  Instead, they keep their money in a bank, where it's safe and insured but still instantly accessible for transactions when needed.  Like sheep.
Fortunately, bitcoin removes the tyranny of that safety, security, and convenience by granting me the freedom to be my own bank!
@_date: 2014-06-07 21:26:15


Which jurisdictions?  I mean like just a sample; 1 or 2 would be plenty.  And what do they require, exactly?
@_date: 2015-05-04 13:36:46


Finally!  An online currency that imposes the convenience of scrutinizing every transaction even more than the legacy banking system requires!
@_date: 2015-05-29 21:54:25
Well -- it is weird that the guy kept a journal of all of his _illegal activities_.  I don't think the judge was teasing him for being emotionally sensitive and wanting to keep a written memento of his written experiences.  I think the judge was like "hey moron you provided a written ledger of your life of crime so tyft"
@_date: 2015-05-06 15:36:09
The list of folks in denial apparently includes the [free market at large]( but presumably you guys know better.
Is it true that usage statistics are rising?  I know that the [transaction volume]( has been fairly flat (and it's a fairly meaningless metric in any case).  Any empirical data on this otherwise?
@_date: 2015-05-07 03:22:26


I think the admins probably just don't want to put up with the neckbeard shitstorm that would inevitably follow taking hard action against changetip.  I mean bitcoiners are a minority of redditors, but they're vehement as fuck.  They're kind of like scientologists in this regard; small in number, but dogged enough to make your life a living hell if you poke the hornet's nest.  Look what they did to just because he had the NERVE to stop accepting bitcoin.  He's been run out of and he's getting physical threats.
Banning changetip would raise the clarion call of "WE'RE BEING OPPRESSED."  I think the admins have determined that it's better to leave well enough alone and look the other way, even though changetip is breaking the rules pretty flagrantly.
@_date: 2016-03-03 20:03:21
I'm not being pedantic; rather, you're being either purposefully obtuse or you're just dumb.  The question I asked is:


Literally the first word of what I wrote was agreeing that people make mistakes.  You're the kind of person that buys bitcoins, huh?  Seems like a smart group.
@_date: 2015-05-06 14:39:48


In bitcoin?  Or in money?
@_date: 2015-05-14 19:37:56


Yeah!  They should offend them with 25 cent tips instead, like a businessman flicking a quarter at a shoeshine.
@_date: 2016-03-03 14:26:43
You didn't answer my question.
@_date: 2016-03-02 17:37:18


Yes.  And if you make a mistake (or you have a security failure and someone gets your information and steals your money), the bank can reverse the transaction.
What happens if you make a typing or security mistake with bitcoin?
@_date: 2016-01-25 23:11:28


The global banking network also handles an *order of magnitude* more transactions more than Bitcoin. On a per-transaction basis, Bitcoin dwarfs the conventional banking system in terms of cost.


That's because very few people own it; how much damage can it possibly do?  If Bitcoin were a widely-used global medium of exchange, however, well -- what impact do you think the recent drop from $460 to $380 would have had?  How do you think the financial markets would tolerate suddenly and unexpectedly losing ~20% of their buying power in a single day?
@_date: 2016-03-03 23:58:31


Yeah?  Well lobsters have a decentralized nervous system, and look at how well they're doing!  Be your *own* ganglion!
@_date: 2016-03-04 17:39:44
@_date: 2016-01-05 00:40:10


@_date: 2016-03-05 01:22:26
People who use payment processors to buy things are buying things with dollars, not Bitcoin.
@_date: 2017-03-11 04:11:43


The comment period was open for like a year and they will accept and consider comments from literally *anyone* who sends them in, as statute requires them to do.
For example, [this gentleman]( urged the Commissioners to consider that the "Winklevii" are statuesque, Adonis-like gods, and that surely no venture by such men could falter.  The SEC dutifully posted it up along with all of the other comments.
@_date: 2016-01-05 17:34:17
There's a good chance that Amazon doesn't want to hodl Bitcoin on its balance sheet, though; it's an incredibly volatile asset.  They're not in the business of speculating on cryptocurrencies.  They're in the business of selling shit online and setting up intricate logistics network to make that happen.  They presumably don't have the expertise to effectively wheel and deal in BTC; they're too busy with the business they're actually in.  Now they have to give a discount on top of that for the privilege of accepting Bitcoin (which generally constitutes a miniscule amount of sales in any event)?
If they want to obviate that risk by selling their BTC for fiat immediately, well, now they're dealing with a payment processor, and the payment processor charges fees.  There goes your cost savings.
@_date: 2016-01-16 08:16:42
True.  He should have kept that corpse on marionette strings for as long as possible, if only to save face.
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:46:03


I don't think this is the case for the United States.  Do you know how the federal reserve actually adds money to the system?
@_date: 2017-01-14 04:38:49
I agree it's a very gross oversimplification.  I'm saying it's what they *do.*  I mean look at [this]( graph.  Do you notice how the difference between the CPI and shadowstats is always the exact same amount?  If the CPI goes down, their number goes down by exactly the same amount.  If it goes up, same thing.  It's not like there's ever a case where the CPI goes up a little and their number goes up a lot, or where the CPI goes down And the shadowstats number goes up.  It tracks exactly.  It's the *same model,* just added to by about 2% across the board.
Do you prefer that analysis for any reason other than "it's bigger?"
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:05:04
Yeah, but this guy literally just takes the CPI and adds an arbitrary number to it.  Whatever the "right" way to measure inflation happens to be, that ain't it.
@_date: 2017-01-14 03:58:10
They literally just take the CPI and add an arbitrary number to it.  Assuming that the CPI is inaccurate (which I thought was the point), how is that a reliable methodology?  It just takes the supposedly unreliable methodology and makes it bigger based on nothing but the bare assumption that it's too small.
@_date: 2017-01-13 04:47:51
[Investments often do not work that way.](
@_date: 2017-01-13 22:57:19
I was hoping that you could briefly describe it for me as opposed to pointing me to a half-hour long Youtube video that's very probably nonsense.
@_date: 2016-12-27 20:23:53
Of course the first image in this video is the World Trade Center.
@_date: 2017-01-12 00:49:41


You mean to tell me you intend to sell your BTC for worthless fiat at some point in the future?  I thought the whole point of this nonsense was to replace the fed's toilet paper!
@_date: 2017-01-13 21:26:57
Or you could just buy T-Bills and have a rate of return that basically tracks inflation.  Also Shadowstats is [bullshit statistics](
@_date: 2018-06-22 22:15:27


Wow are you unhinged.  Crash to sub-$6k got you down?
@_date: 2018-06-22 20:20:48


Cool.  How many people do you think actually want to do that?  I mean I haven't really needed to "take the time to learn how to use" credit/debit cards, Apple Pay, or checks, and none of those things really seem to have any problems that need fixing.  
For example, at the grocery store:  I hold the home button on my phone, it recognizes my face, I hold it next to the payment terminal, "beep," transaction concluded.  How can cryptocurrency improve on this transaction, in your view?
@_date: 2018-06-23 05:03:15


I'd have welcomed a "detailed response."  The issue is that most of your screed was devoted to:  (1) ad hominem against me for owning an iPhone and using its payment app; (2) rants about inflation and "rip off" banks and "shitty fiat"; and (3) answering questions I didn't ask.  But since you've apparently taken a deep breath and made an effort to appear reasonable, I'll play along.


Not at all -- I mean I've owned an iPhone since I've had a smartphone, but that's the only Apple product I own; my computers are all Windows systems.  And what difference does it make what phone I own or whether I use Apple Pay or Samsung Pay or whatever else?  We're talking about Bitcoin, here, and how it compares to other payment systems available.  You're making it look like you're trying to change the subject.
I'll turn to your previous post now:


No they aren't.  I mean point me to some data indicating that any appreciable proportion of the Bitcoin market comprises of people in the developing world looking to use it for remittances.  Like can you show me that it's more than 5% of the market?


You sure do spend a lot of your rant telling me about things that are going to happen as opposed to things that are the case right now.  For my part, I don't feel like an average annual inflation rate of about 2% per year for the last 20 years means that I'm being "screwed just as much" as people in developing countries.


It's nice to have a Visa, isn't it?  Because that's what Wirex is -- it's a debit card that hooks into the Visa system and sells your Bitcoin as needed to provide fiat to merchants.  I can similarly use my own debit card to pay fiat to a merchant if I don't want to "show my face" to my phone, for some reason.  Why did you use that example instead of describing a blockchain or lightning network transaction?


Really?  Where?  Like at what department store in your city can you do what you're describing?  (Using the lightning network, I mean, and *not* using a Visa card to interface with a fiat payment system.)


Again, you're telling me what you believe is *going to* happen, rather than what is currently the case.  Bitcoiners have been blabbering on and on about impending mass merchant adoption for years, because of transaction fees or chargebacks or whatever else.  These issues have existed for years, and merchant adoption is laughably low.  Why is that?
And in any case you didn't answer my question:  I was asking you how using Bitcoin is better for *me*, as a consumer, than using my "cute little app."  Because that's what merchants care about -- they want consumers to be more willing to pay them money for their products or services, and they therefore care about whether consumers will want to use a given payment system to buy their shit.  So how is bitcoin better for consumers than a phone app or a credit card?


Oh God -- are you okay?  Should I send help?
@_date: 2015-07-16 15:07:59
They'd like to obtain a competitive advantage in being profitable, certainly -- basic game theory, I'm with you.  That's not the same thing as an incentive to provide better justice or less corruption.
A rational business obviously caters to its customers.  What do the customers of a private police force want?  You could say they want "Justice," but they want justice as THEY see it.  I'm a lawyer.  Believe me when I say that every litigant always thinks they're right, and that the law ought to be on their side.  Every borrower who's ever defaulted on a mortgage loan thinks they should be able to keep their home, even though they signed a contract and they haven't made payments in five years.  Every criminal defendant thinks they deserve a second chance, even if they're guilty as sin.  Everybody who causes a car accident thinks that there's a reason why they shouldn't be liable, and everybody who's been the victim of a car accident thinks they're entitled to a huge amount of money.
A private police system combined with a good capitalist "the customer is always right" mentality creates strong incentives to make the law in any particular case whatever the highest bidder says it is, doesn't it?
@_date: 2015-07-11 18:30:43


What is it about?
@_date: 2015-07-16 15:42:15
I think that's better than responding to an imperfect world by creating a cafeteria system of competing courts and police that operate for profit, yes.
@_date: 2015-07-16 15:23:30


Those terms aren't as iron-clad as you think.  Suppose someone is willing to pay me a lot of money to hire me as an arbitrator and rule that your unkempt lawn is an eyesore.  The "right to property" includes an implicit right to not have your property devalued by derelict neighboring properties.  Therefore your lawn essentially constitutes theft of the value of your neighbor's property, and you must pay restitution and go to prison.  Even assuming that that's bullshit, why wouldn't I take the money, as a rational actor?


All of whom want to make money, and all of whom make money by "selling" enforcement of the law, whatever that happens to be.   You can't have a system based on self-interest and then assume that everyone is going to abide why your definitions of "Natural Law."
@_date: 2015-07-15 14:10:23
Is 2012 when you bought in?
@_date: 2015-07-16 14:41:07
Just because the current system has corruption in it (and it certainly does), it doesn't follow that some sort of "free market police" would somehow be less corrupt.
I mean isn't that essentially just hiring mercenaries to go out and apprehend someone who you believe wronged you?  You don't see the potential for corruption there?
@_date: 2016-02-17 23:07:44


@_date: 2016-02-18 02:56:53


I think the FBI's response would be "if we have probable cause to ask for this to be done and the applicable law allows us to do so, then yeah, we will; we already plan to do that. So? It's a fact-specific thing -- that's why we're asking for the backdoors on only specific phones."


This is where you really kind of lose me.  Does this mean that every fact-specific inquiry runs afoul of the slippery slope fallacy?  Does this line of reasoning apply to search warrants?  Because the way those work is the police obtain evidence, they present sworn testimony to a judge, and the judge allows them to take whatever measures it deems necessary to effectuate the warrant (even really invasive ones, again, if necessary).  Is a search warrant to search a suspected drug house with dogs and thermal imaging scanners a slippery slope to blanket authority for midnight raids on every house in America?
@_date: 2016-02-17 22:41:09
How long has the "working on the implementation" stage been going on?
@_date: 2016-02-18 17:34:04
This is really the hospital's fault.  The hackers were just acting in their rational self-interest by extorting a facility that helps the ill and wounded.  The hospital implicitly agreed to this value redistribution by not expending resources to safeguard its data.
@_date: 2018-11-27 22:38:16


It's been nearly ten years.  How long does this "development and maturation" process take?  How much progress has actually occurred so far that's unrelated to speculative fluctuations in the price?
@_date: 2018-11-25 01:15:37
Speak for yourself, statist.  Sometimes I just stare at my private key for hours, and it transports me to a libertarian utopia more vivid than any book’s prose could hope to match.
@_date: 2018-11-27 22:13:10


These things won't remain true if people actually start using it on a large scale.  Bitcoin's processing about 350,000 transactions per day, and its theoretical maximum (assuming a generous 7 transactions per second) is 604,800.  Visa processes about 150 million transactions every day.  What do you think the fees and transaction times would look like under those circumstances?


I can use it to easily buy stuff from anyone in the United States who sells things, which is kind of what I expect my money to be able to do.  (If you're going to tell me that you can do the same with Bitcoin, no fair citing a payment service that pays the merchant in fiat, because that ain't using Bitcoin.  It's selling your Bitcoin for fiat and paying with the resulting dollars.)
@_date: 2018-11-27 18:27:49


I think he means “the marketplace of ideas.”  Just about everyone knows what bitcoin is.  Nobody wants to use it.
@_date: 2018-02-05 18:16:30
There's a shocker.
@_date: 2018-11-27 23:14:38


The technology didn't exist in the 60s and 70s to make the internet available in homes, so it was necessarily limited to government agencies and universities.  It wasn't that the public rejected it as stupid -- it just wasn't available; you couldn't get feasibly get internet access in your home even if you really wanted it.
In the ten-year period following the first public dial-up ISP (1989 through 1999), the internet fucking EXPLODED.  And for good reason: it was extremely useful and it was better than existing methods of communication.  It couldn't help but catch on.  Why would anyone choose to not use something that so obviously improves their lives?
Bitcoin's already publicly available; anyone can download some wallet software and get started.  It's been covered pretty extensively in the media, just about everyone knows what it is and what it does.  It's just that nobody wants to use it, because it frankly doesn't do anything better than the existing fiat payments system.  If it did, people would use it, because why wouldn't they?
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:32:15


Yes I have.  It is fairly cumbersome, but as a basis for comparison:  You said that you "can literally send me $500 right now if [you] wanted."  Suppose that you were to do that.  Can you describe the steps, in detail, that we would have to go through in order for you to send me the bitcoin and for me to turn that bitcoin into fiat (which is what I'm ultimately interested in)?  Is that more or less cumbersome than Western Union?


You mean you don't have the _option_ of cancelling payment if it doesn't work out; if you buy something with bitcoin and the  "transaction doesn't work out," well, whoever was paying is just out of luck.  I swear I'll never understand why Bitcoiners seem to think that chargebacks are the devil.


You just have to worry about securing your wallet and your private key, etc., which is a whole separate hornet's nest.


I could accept your bitcoin for free, but I don't want bitcoin.  I want cash.  And I can't get the cash value of that bitcoin for free.  I have to get an exchange account and pay an exchange fee, and I have to cough up all sorts of personal information to open the account in the first place (and trust the exchange, like a bank).  Like you said, everyone wants cash, right?
@_date: 2015-04-30 16:33:56
Ooohhh oh oh oh -- that little orange DOT is Bitcoin!  I got confused and thought that the dark-gray circle was supposed to be Bitcoin; the orange dot was literally so small that I completely failed to notice it (which probably works as a pretty good metaphor for something or another).
My bad.
@_date: 2015-04-30 00:07:48
Garza's like Trevor from GTA V, always mixing up the name of his imaginary business venture.
"Crypto Private Group Investments is going to change the world, Mikey!!"
@_date: 2015-04-04 01:08:54
Lawyer here.


Yes he did.  If you're operating a website, and you know that it's primarily being used to facilitate drug deals or other illegal commerce, that's enough for criminal liability for conspiracy to attach.  The case is especially strong where he's keeping a percentage of the proceeds from these drug deals as a commission (and thus profiting from the crimes he's facilitating).  I'm not as well-versed in the law of money laundering, but I'm sure he hit the elements of that charge, too.  Also he attempted to order several hits (conspiracy to commit murder).


Lol brother what the hell are you even talking about?  Just because you say things, that doesn't make them true.  The guy was a United States citizen who lived in the United States and operated his website from within the United States.  That places him within the lawful jurisdiction of the United States, particularly with respect to his conduct in facilitating illegal activity within the United States.
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:10:24
They wouldn't.  A common criticism is that all of the companies that "accept bitcoin" really don't; they accept fiat -- the payment processor sells your bitcoin and then gives the merchant dirty fiat.  It's no different than if you sold your bitcoin for fiat on an exchange and then paid the merchant with that fiat.  
But I thought Overstock was sort of held up as an example of a company that DOES "accept bitcoin" in the sense that they keep a portion of the bitcoin they receive.  It looks like they may have done that at one point, but they're not doing that now; they're just allowing a payment processor to accept bitcoin while Overstock itself accepts fiat, just like everyone else.
@_date: 2015-04-16 06:03:55
So it's less about "fairness" (whatever that means) than it is about charity.  In other words, what's made available is essentially what people are willing to give as opposed to whatever is "fair" to the beneficiaries of this project, no?
Or is "fairness" measured by what people are willing to give voluntarily?
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:37:42


It's information.  Although I am kind of "anti-BTC," in the interest of full disclosure.  I think it's silly.


It hasn't, but as long as one person on earth is willing to buy bitcoins for at least a penny then the price will never be "driven down to zero."  I don't think that says all that much.


Probably nothing, but it does indicate that Overstock really isn't too bullish about the whole bitcoin thing, no?  Hasn't overstock always been kind of held up on a pedestal as a company that really buys into the idea of bitcoin?  Like they keep a portion of the bitcoins they receive from sales (it looks like they were doing that at one point, but they are no longer), they offer to pay their employees in bitcoin, etc?
Isn't it relevant that they seem to be backing away a little bit?
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:39:26
I quoted exactly what you said and responded to it pretty precisely, I thought, but whatever.
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:45:19
I guess I'll ask it this way:  If you're a merchant that uses PayPal as a payment processor, is there any form in which you can keep your incoming payments as opposed to in the fiat currency of your choice?
@_date: 2015-04-13 06:58:29


But the blockchain isn't connected to anyone's real-world identity.  Anyone can make a wallet and have someone send bitcoin to it, and although the transaction to the newly-created wallet is on the blockchain for all the world to see, nobody knows which _person_ received that money.  Who cares if the public ledger reflects a transaction of 100 BTC to 19W9sz1G9zVegmZTj3hxavs7XUFX75tf5y?  Unless you can connect that wallet to a person, that information is completely useless.  The holder of that wallet could transfer their ill-gotten bitcoin around completely anonymously so long as they stick to the blockchain.  People generally run into trouble when they try to convert their bitcoin into fiat through a broker or payment processor, which actually _does_ require real-world identifying information from the person that they're doing business with.  Which leads me to your next point:


Fiat can absolutely be transferred "privately" (or anonymously), so long as you're physically exchanging paper bills with a party whose identity you don't know.  Everyone's familiar with the trope of a criminal commanding someone to drop off however-many-thousand dollars of "unmarked" bills in an agreed-upon spot.  If the criminal collects that money and is unobserved, then yeah, the transaction is completely private and essentially untraceable.
But the fiat system really doesn't work that way in practice.  Most transactions happen through intermediaries.  Those intermediaries keep a ton of information about people that use their services, either to protect themselves (if a borrower defaults on you, you'll probably want to be able to identify that person and "track them down"), or to comply with regulations (most developed countries have pretty strict recordkeeping requirements).  Some countries do not, which leads me to your next point:


You seem to be suggesting that someone can open up an "anonymous" bank account in the Cayman Islands (or elsewhere) and safely have ransom money sent there without the funds being traceable to you; like I could just open up a bank account under the name "TobyTheRobot" (as opposed to my real name) and have my fiat ransom sent there.  I'll confess that I'm not an expert in the intricacies of setting up an offshore bank account, but I did a quick Google search for the requirements to open a bank account in the Cayman islands, and it appears that the requirements are much the same as they are just about everywhere else:


I don't think that there's any such thing as a "private account" that is completely disconnected from the identity of its owner.  And, even if there is, how does the criminal that owns the account actually get to his money?  Does he show up in person to get a briefcase full of cash? (And, if so, how does the bank know that he's an authorized account-holder, seeing as how they didn't bother to get any personally identifying information from him?)  Does he transfer the money to a bank account under his own name so he can spend it?  Does this hypothetical anonymous off-shore bank account have a debit card associated with it or something?
If you're dealing in fiat through the financial system, you're eventually going to have to cough up some personal identifying information or otherwise expose yourself to get at your money.  I'm sure there are potential ways around this (false identities, forged documents, etc.), but any of those avenues are more complicated than just having a bitcoin wallet floating around in the ether that's completely disconnected from your identity.




Cash is also fundamentally "non-reversible"; if you hand someone $1000 in exchange for a good or service, how exactly can you go about reversing that transaction?  We have, however, "add[ed] reversibility" to the fiat system in most cases because most transactions happen through intermediaries that can do charge-backs.  Bitcoin could certainly do the same thing, as you suggest, by incorporating trusted intermediaries into its own structure.  But sending BTC through the blockchain is the equivalent of leaving a briefcase of unmarked bills in a trash can; it's essentially untraceable (the blockchain will reflect that the transaction occurred, but it says nothing about to _whom_ the money was sent; it's like knowing that cash was left in a trash can but not knowing who picked it up).  Bitcoin isn't unique in this regard, although I suppose doing a blockchain transfer is logistically simpler than leaving a briefcase in a dumpster.




It sounds as though we agree that Bitcoin is a superior payment mechanism in this context because it facilitates an illegal transaction, although we disagree as to _how._


This seems like a non-sequitur.  Why are you assuming that non-reversibility is so great?  We've added reversibility to the fiat system because we _like_ reversibility.  Again, fiat is an "inherently non-reversible system"; if you give cash to someone, there's no obvious way to reverse that transaction.  Financial intermediaries offer charge-back rights as a business-savvy consumer protection; people are more likely to use their credit cards if they know that they can get a charge-back if they get ripped off.  Companies like knowing that, if a mistake is made, it can be corrected.  And to whatever extent the law requires reversibility in transactions, that indicates that the government likes reversible transactions, too.
The fiat system could be non-reversible if we wanted it to be.  It's not because we don't.
@_date: 2015-04-05 01:05:49
That's totally fair, friend, and I appreciate the back-and-forth.  You sound like a reasonable dude, and the criticisms that I leveled at the "bitcoin community" don't seem to apply to you; you're comfortable with the risk/responsibility that bitcoin imposes (and you value the freedom from the financial system that bitcoin offers), you benefit from the lowered transaction costs that it may provide, and you're not looking to get rich by speculating and pumping (and then dumping at someone else's expense).
I guess my only suggestion would be to critically think about what bitcoin offers you.  I'm going to blather on at you a little bit here, mostly because I'm interested in hearing your responses; I could be wrong about this stuff.
What's the benefit of "being your own bank?"  Are existing banks untrustworthy enough to make that a plus?  The foreclosure crisis and ensuing "Great Recession" in the US indicates that banks are sometimes clownshoes, but that doesn't put their _depositors'_ money at risk.  Banks are required to carry deposit insurance (at least in the States; I would imagine that European countries have similar requirements -- the UK has FSCS, for example), and I don't think that any innocent depositor has lost their money because of their bank's poor decisions if that bank is required to maintain deposit insurance.  
Banks do charge fees, but they provide services in exchange for those fees; they protect your money (and carry insurance to protect you if they mess up), they handle all of the "legwork" behind the scenes for you to use your money or move it around (you can swipe a visa debit card almost anywhere in any industrialized country because of the systems they've set up), they give you chargeback rights to protect you from fraud, they produce reports and paperwork to help you with recordkeeping and taxes.  Sometimes they give you 1-2% cashback just for using a credit card (which you can pay off every month, if you're just using the card for expenses for which you'd otherwise pay cash).  You can certainly be your own bank, and you can save some money in fees and not have to trust anyone but yourself, but you lose a lot in the bargain.  If you make a mistake and get robbed, there's no safety net.  If you engage in a transaction and get scammed, and there aren't any protections for you.  At best, it's a slightly cheaper and much more dangerous world to live in.
As for international transactions:  I'd encourage you to ask yourself how much money you're really saving by using bitcoin in this context.  I'd imagine that just about anyone you're sending money to internationally is really interested in ending up with whatever their local fiat currency is; companies can't pay their employees or suppliers in bitcoin, and individuals can't buy groceries with it.  Whoever the recipient of the funds happens to be, they're probably going to want to end up with their local fiat.  That involves a currency exchange or a payment processor, and that currency exchange or payment processor is going to want to make a fair profit for the service that they provide.  That means fees.  If you're buying something from a merchant, I can almost guarantee you that those fees are going to be passed along to you (why would the merchant accept less profit for the privilege of accepting bitcoin?).  If you're sending money to an individual, you're saddling them with whatever the exchange fees happen to be (as well as the hassle of actually going through the transactions with an exchange).  Is that really better than what Western Union (or whoever) offers?
@_date: 2015-04-19 18:13:12
Oh.  Welp, I stink on ice.  Mah B.
@_date: 2015-04-30 16:25:47
I don't understand what that the areas in that graph are supposed to represent.  Why is bitcoin's circle so big when its M2 is literally 1.4% of the next-highest entrant (the GBP)?  Also, was this made in MS Paint?
@_date: 2015-04-13 05:05:01
Both.  I'm asking a question ("Isn't bitcoin superior in this context solely because it's anonymous?") and then making a statement about how I think things work to provide context for the question.
@_date: 2015-04-21 17:42:35
If only there were some kind of way that OP could issue a chargeback to protect him from an unscrupulous or incompetent website operator.  If that were the case, then the website's "terribleness" would be a cost that _it_ absorbs, rather than OP.
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:19:14
Well, okay.  If Bitcoin's highest aspiration is to be kind of a quasi-anonymous Western Union/Paypal substitute, then I guess you've got me there.
@_date: 2015-04-30 13:26:35
For free!?  Neat!!  Or, if not, who pays them to build those roads?  And with what money?
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:30:37
PayPal conveys payments _in_ fiat; it's not like they have special "Paypal Bux" that they want to make into their own currency.  They're a pure payment processor that conveys existing currencies, like Western Union.
Bitcoin has pretensions of being a separate currency, as opposed to simply being a means to send other currencies.  That's the issue.
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:32:07
That's a fair question.  Doubtless you've heard some (or all) of these criticisms before, but I'd be interested in your responses:
-Bitcoin is a solution looking for a problem.  The fiat system frankly seems to work just fine -- why do we need this?  It seems like a lot of bitcoiners buy into the whole "the fed is a conspiracy" thing, which would give bitcoin a genuine purpose, but I just don't believe that.  Nor do I think that the transaction costs associated with international remittances are burdensome enough to justify the global shake-up that replacing our currency with bitcoin requires.
-Bitcoin seems to have a lot of security and usability problems.  "Being your own bank" is hard.  People have to jump through a lot of hoops to keep their bitcoins reasonably secure, what with paper wallets and cold storage and Trezors and whatnot.  People lose keys, or they get malware that coughs up their keys, they get hacked, etc.  People make mistakes.  It seems exhausting; I just have my paycheck direct deposited into my bank and I never even have to think about it.
-The whole "lack of trusted intermediaries" thing is a problem.  I don't understand why bitcoiners seem to think that chargebacks are the devil; they're a vital consumer protection, and they _facilitate_ commerce rather than frustrate it (the whole reason I'm willing to buy stuff over the from strangers over the Internet so readily is because I know that, in the unlikely event that I get screwed over, I can do a chargeback).  The irreversible nature of bitcoin transactions is a real problem, and the proposed solutions (multisig, etc.) seem to be more complex than the systems that are already in place.
-Bitcoin is inherently deflationary, which is just terrible economics because it incents hoarding and rewards the wealthy for doing literally _nothing_ with their money.  I know there are a lot of wealthy people under the fiat system who live on interest, but they get that interest because they make their wealth available to others (either as an equity stake in an enterprise or as a loan made for interest).  In a deflationary system, you could literally keep your bitcoins in paper wallets under your mattress and somehow get wealthier.  That leads to economic stagnation and a whole bunch of other problems.
-More broadly, the increase of the bitcoin money supply is completely untethered to what's happening in the real economy.  A central bank is unable to apply the brakes during a bubble by lowering the money supply, or unable to provide a boost during a recession by increasing it.  Again, if you're one of those "the fed is evil" folks, then I guess this is a good thing, but I just don't think so.
**The below is largely speculative criticism about the bitcoin community in general.  It may not apply to you, and it's possible that I'm just wrong, but it's my perception.**
-I think that many (perhaps most) bitcoiners are more concerned with becoming fiat-rich than they are with actually seeing bitcoin succeed.  Many are just waiting for another bubble (assuming one ever comes) so they can dump their bitcoins and walk away with "real (fiat) money" at the expense of "bag holders" who are seduced into thinking that bitcoin is going to change the world somehow.  That's distasteful, to the extent that it's true.
-Out of those who really want to see bitcoin succeed, I think that, for many of them, the allure is being part of the new elite that adopted bitcoin early and become wealthy _just for that reason_.  It's like a social lottery ticket; they bought 10 BTC when they were "merely" $600 each, and now each bitcoin is worth millions of dollars and they're captains of industry.  Not by building anything of value, mind:  This whole hypothetical redistribution of wealth will happen just because they bought bitcoins earlier than most other folks.  I find that distasteful, too.
@_date: 2015-04-13 04:48:02
Isn't it "superior" in this context solely because it's anonymous?  I mean, yeah, if I were making an illegal ransom demand against someone I suppose that I would want to use an anonymous payment method, too, but if I was engaging in a legitimate, legal transaction, it's less obvious how bitcoin is superior to Visa or PayPal or whatever.
I guarantee you that the folks that are making this demand want to be paid in bitcoin because it's quasi-anonymous; I seriously doubt that they're jazzed about how it's decentralized and that they can "be their own bank," etc.
@_date: 2015-09-25 05:29:28
Remindme! 2 months "21 Inc. is now accepting Bitcoin for their Bitcoin computer."
@_date: 2015-04-04 23:26:50
I appreciate your perspective, and that you took the time to read all that stuff I wrote.  You're right that I'm biased; at some point I concluded that I'm "anti-bitcoin," and that's kind of part of my identity, I guess.  I like to think that I did so for rational reasons, but it's true that I did "pick a side" in the debate.
I hasten to add that everyone's "biased" about just about everything; you're probably "pro-bitcoin," no?  I mean just a quick glance at your post history indicates that most of your recent posts are in and those posts are generally supportive.  You've picked a side, too.  And lots of things are like that; politics, religious affiliation, historical narratives, backing a sports team, etc.  You may even have financial "skin in the game" if you own bitcoin; if that's so, well, anyone in your position would hope that their investment increases in value.  I can't crawl inside your head, but I suspect that "you don't want to see bitcoin in a [negative] light, consciously or subconsciously."
There's nothing wrong with your opinions, either.  But opinions aren't bad simply because the messenger has settled on a position.  You have your position, I have mine.  The best that either one of us can do is to keep an open mind.
@_date: 2015-04-04 04:20:59


It's not really much of an issue with fiat, either, but okay.


Sounds like a use case that resonates with the mainstream.  Bitcoin seems to be very good for international camwhores and online drug deals, and not much else (at least not much that fiat doesn't already have covered, and better).
@_date: 2015-04-19 08:02:29
Yes.  They facilitate commerce because consumers may comfortably purchase goods from anyone (even complete strangers that they have no reason to trust) without fear of getting scammed.  If they do, they can issue a chargeback.  The chargeback rate for reputable merchants is negligibly low.
Do you believe that chargebacks are bad?  If so, why?
@_date: 2015-04-22 22:45:29


Welp, that's that, then.  "Surely someone will fix it later."
@_date: 2015-04-16 19:58:53
Same with bitcoin.  The difference is that just about everyone actually does want cash (which makes it very useful indeed), and astonishingly few people want bitcoin (which makes it substantially less useful, and causes everyone to worry about how many actually-useful dollars they can get for it).
@_date: 2015-04-04 05:15:24
I'm willing to concede that everyone wants dollars more than bitcoin.  Doesn't that make bitcoin kind of pointless, though?
@_date: 2015-04-22 23:11:23
It would involve a hard fork of the blockchain, no?  I mean if it's so easy, why hasn't it been done already?  And why was the TPS limit so low to begin with if it could easily have been made much higher?
@_date: 2015-04-04 00:43:08
Um.  No.  I can honestly say that there's never, ever been an occasion where I've wanted to send money internationally but was dissuaded by the cost of doing so, and I think my experience is common.
@_date: 2015-04-02 17:05:29


@_date: 2015-11-22 04:26:16
Generally developers get test platforms for *free* in order to encourage them to develop software for it.  You then sell your (now useful) product to consumers and make your money.  You don't ordinarily charge the people who have to work to make your product useful for the privilege of making your product useful.
@_date: 2015-11-29 00:26:06
Wait -- OP was just asking who took the page down?  I assumed that when he asked "I wonder who did this," the scope of the inquiry was broader (i.e. "I wonder who orchestrated this scam and is now covering their tracks").  I think that whoever took the page down was probably the same person responsible for the scam.  Black Friday is over.  Why keep the page up?  Better to start covering your tracks.
@_date: 2018-04-24 23:26:21
Man if someone says "quite a few major department stores accept bitcoin," it's not a gotcha to ask "which ones," and it's reasonable to expect that a person making a claim like that to be willing to support it without having me start googling Japanese department stores.
@_date: 2015-11-04 17:21:33


You mean diverse investment portfolios?  That's exactly how you _should_ invest if you don't know what you're doing; investing in a money market fund that (say) simply tracks the S&amp;P 500 is essentially betting on the American economy at large to keep producing more stuff, which is as safe as investments can reasonably get (improving technology pretty consistently increases productivity over a time, etc.).
On the other hand, investing in Bitcoin is essentially betting that the U.S. (or perhaps the world) financial system will collapse and be supplanted by a cryptocurrency, which strikes me as kind of a long shot, and definitely not a proposition upon which you should stake your nest egg.
@_date: 2015-11-24 00:12:18
I guess it sounds better than "changetip thirteen fucking cents"
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:55:07


What do you base this assertion on? 
@_date: 2015-04-04 14:38:37
False.  When bitcoin is worth $300,000 next year, Overstock will be purchased by a Bitcoin Captain of Industry who had the foresight to buy 15,000 BTC in 2009.  Under its new, enlightened leadership, Overstock will throw away its worthless fiat and embrace euphoria.
@_date: 2018-04-24 20:51:11


Which major department stores?
@_date: 2015-11-15 04:15:41


Beyond that, in this context, what is the "power of Bitcoin," exactly?  Suppose I'm a "victim of the France attack" (as OP put it).  I now have (let's say) 3 BTC.  What am I going to do with them?  Buy some alpaca socks or some drugs?  I suppose I could open an exchange account and trade them for euro so I can pay the bills, but that's a hassle (while I'm already going through a life-altering tragedy), and, y'know -- why didn't you just give me euro?
@_date: 2015-11-25 06:40:57
This come to fruition yet?
@_date: 2015-03-19 17:34:52
THANKS FOR THE CHEAP COINS
@_date: 2015-11-28 23:04:39
The group you're describing manages to both:
1.  Encompass nearly EVERYONE IMAGINABLE, and;
2.  Deceptively spend a lot of time talking about DHCP providers and government authorities (as though they give enough of a shit to try to scam some Bitcoin out of suckers) while breezing over "the website operator" (which is 99.9999% likely to be the case -- it's some guy who decided to scam some people out of some Bitcoin, so he made a website).
"It's probably either the CIA, the FBI, a conspiracy between the major search engines and Internet service providers, some random neckbeard, the Department of Homeland Security, the Illuminati, or an elite team of hackers commissioned by various heads of state to undermine Bitcoin.  Any one of these entities are equally likely to be the culprit."
@_date: 2015-11-22 01:42:47


You pay them $400 for the privilege of developing applications for their hardware that doesn't currently have many applications?  That's a strange business model.  I mean who uses the applications?  Other people who paid to develop applications?
@_date: 2015-03-22 23:07:00


It certainly is; "where it came from" was a proof of concept/experiment in trustless online transactions from an anonymous author of a white paper.  I don't think that Satoshi himself/herself/themselves ever envisioned or intended it getting anywhere near this huge.  I think Satoshi would have considered it a success if a couple of hundred geeks and maybe one or two businesses futzed around with it to see if mining works, to see if  the blockchain is reliable, to see if transactions can be conducted smoothly, etc.
The trouble is that a whole bunch of folks seem to think that it was supposed to be the final draft of currency 2.0 instead of an academic experiment.
@_date: 2015-03-16 01:26:58
No worries.  Just post it when you get home.  I'll gild you if you do.  I suspect you won't, because this is bullshit.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:09:03
All of those are very sensible proposals, but fiat already has those structures in place!  We have "fiat banks."  They comply with a whole shitload of regulation to ensure that they're above-board.  The banks indemnify against fraudulent or mistaken transfers, and they carry FDIC insurance to protect depositors.  
We already have all of that.  What does bitcoin add to the existing structures already in place?  I thought that a major part of the draw was that bitcoin was free from the evil regulatory and banking system. 
@_date: 2015-03-15 19:51:56
Oh yeah?  Post a screenshot, or just divulge the admin info.  Bring down the SYSTEM, MAAAAAN.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:04:53


(Emphasis added).
So banks and authorities, then.  I'm with ya.  But we already have those things, and I agree that they "make things better."
I guess I just don't see the point of bitcoin if making it useable is going to rely on financial intermediaries and regulation; the new boss sounds a lot like the old boss if that's the case.
@_date: 2016-05-10 20:16:24


It's not "the whole world" that gives value to bitcoin, though -- that's clear from the vanishingly small number of businesses that accept them (and no, merchants that accept them through "payment processors" don't count, because they ultimately take dirty statist fiat -- they expressly don't want bitcoin; they want money).
The market price remains pretty high, but it's a pretty small market; it's like the market for MTG cards or something.  To a small segment of the population some of those cards may be really valuable, and you can sell them to those people for a lot of money, but that's not exactly the same thing as saying that the whole world gives value to MTG cards.  
Maybe things will be different in another decade, but I kind of doubt it.
@_date: 2015-03-13 16:06:33
If you're not arguing that cryptocurrencies are any better, then I guess it's not obvious to me what your point is.  Do you have one?
@_date: 2015-11-16 19:52:13


Wow that *is* quotable!  It's right up there with simple, earthy wisdom like "a penny saved is a penny earned" or "an apple a day keeps the doctor away."  It's something that you could just drop into conversation during thanksgiving dinner and really cut to the quick of the matter.
@_date: 2016-05-11 16:43:04
How would these kids open an exchange account through which they could purchase bitcoin?  Wouldn't it be easier for them to just save their allowance and buy a prepaid visa card from a department store?  They could literally smash open a piggy bank and pay for it in cash.  Boom; instant link to the global electronic financial system.
And don't forget that if you're assuming that these kids can't get a debit card, that necessarily means they can't use any services that allow them to "spend bitcoin" through a Visa card, nor can they open a Coinbase account or whatever else without parental consent; they need to actually rely completely on bitcoin.  What are they going to buy?  Alpaca socks?
@_date: 2015-10-08 05:28:28
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:09:25
You're saying that this would actually be good for bitcoin?
@_date: 2015-03-16 14:06:31
I saw.  Here's what you sent me:










I mean that's interesting -- it looks like UNIX IfConfig data for the site.  I'd be interested in knowing how you got this information (I mean were you just futzing around on the website and your browser spit all of this out at you?).  Its also not clear to me where the password information is -- I see a reference to "/etc/passwd," but I don't see actual logon passwords for admins -- what follows seems to be a bunch of directory information and e-mail account names.  And yes, I'd like to see the screenshot.
@_date: 2015-10-31 19:09:04
Lololol you people are too much.
All of my banking is done online; I haven't set foot inside a bank branch or written a check in years.  If I get a check for whatever reason, I can take a picture of it with my phone and deposit it from wherever I happen to be.  At an increasingly high number of merchants, I can pull out my smartphone, hold my thumb over a FINGERPRINT SCANNER on the device, and hold it next to a payment terminal for a second.  The electronic transaction then gets processed nearly instantly.
That's obselence to you?  What I'm describing would have sounded like some fucking Blade Runner shit 20 years ago.
@_date: 2015-03-23 19:44:57
I enjoy how, even though this makes very good sense, it's at -2 karma with no substantive responses.
It's as though bitcoiners just skim it and conclude "yeah whatever STATIST" then just click downvote and move on without ever really intellectually engaging with what you wrote.
@_date: 2015-03-31 19:27:49
Yes, but they have to deal with bitcoin when they really want fiat.  So that means they either have to work with a payment processor to take your bitcoin and give the merchant fiat (which involves transaction fees of its own), or they have to accept bitcoin "natively" and then sell them on an exchange on their own, which also has associated exchange fees and it's a hassle.  So there's your fees, and they're probably higher than what CCs charge (which is like ~2-3%).
I guarantee you they don't want to HODL bitcoin.  Their suppliers don't accept it, their employees don't want to be paid in it, they can't pay their rent, taxes, or utilities with it.  Also it's volatile as hell, and they're probably not in the bitcoin speculation business.
Now on top of all that you're proposing a discount?
@_date: 2016-05-05 22:19:35


I don't disagree with that.


I don't disagree with that, either.  The difference is that the bank has more money with which to pay you back for their screw up.  If you lose your own money, well, sucks for you.


I agree that shit hasn't really hit the fan in recent memory, which is Good News for Fiat (TM).  I don't know what the threshold is for "shit really hitting the fan," but if we're in a place where the FDIC isn't in the position to pay out on claims, well, to me that implies a massive systemic collapse that's rendered a government-sponsored entity incapable of paying money to people.  Is that what we're contemplating?  Has that *ever* happened?  When's the last time the FDIC was unable to pay out on deposits?
If things have degraded to the point that FDIC can't pay on claims, we all have much bigger problems than the amount of currency we've got available, and that's true whether you're holding dirty statist fiat or bitcoin or whatever else.


It's a recognition of a reality.  With due respect, hand-waving away the inevitability of mistakes in a financial system (or any system) is naïve.  


Well of course; mistakes are inevitable, but they're not the norm.  The overwhelming majority of bank deposits are safe and sound, too.


That's true, so far as it goes.  If you make a mistake, though, you're prone to compromise.  Just don't make mistakes ever, I guess.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:15:39
Tongue-in-cheek, I know, but would you do all of that stuff while you're being investigated for tax fraud?  And would you be willing to completely destroy your real-life personal reputation to keep your secret identity as Satoshi a secret?
This guy is a boob, is what I'm suggesting.
@_date: 2015-03-22 23:45:54
So do I.  The difference is I think that he "knew" that he was releasing a proof of concept for a cryptocurrency based on a blockchain which was intended to be an experiment that helps others make future strides in the area, whereas you think he was -- um -- what, exactly?  Delivering mankind from the evils of the global banking conspiracy based upon a model that can process a theoretical maximum of seven transactions per second?
@_date: 2016-05-05 23:03:28


I don't think this is the case.  It's not as though if FDIC insurance gets triggered then the government just prints up a whole bunch of new money and floods the system with it.  The FDIC is an actual insurance company; they collect premiums and insure against loss.  Those premiums come from existing currency in circulation, and that's where the money gets paid from.  Also, if your bank goes insolvent, that doesn't mean that the bank evaporates and its assets plummet to zero; it just means that they don't have sufficient assets or liquidity to pay *all* of their creditors (including depositors).  That's enough to make them insolvent, but whatever assets the bank has left are available to compensate depositors or the FDIC or whoever else.
I'm not saying that it wouldn't be seriously expensive for the FDIC if a bank (or several banks) went insolvent, but I don't think that leads to a dilution of the dollar in the way you seem to think it does.  It's just a huge insurance claim.  There's precedent for those.


It's not, though; it's on the bank.  The bank is legally liable to you if it screws up and negligently loses your money.  You have a recourse.


Fair enough.  I'd rather not stand to lose everything if I make a mistake or if my computer gets compromised by some trick that nobody's even thought of yet.  I think losing everything under the current banking system is substantially less likely.
@_date: 2015-11-15 10:13:00
@_date: 2015-10-08 19:37:04


No.  The "market" for purposes of the efficient market hypothesis encompasses everyone who _is_ a player in the bitcoin marketplace; not everyone who _could be_.  After all, actual, current players in the bitcoin market (or the market for anything) are the only people that affect the price through buying and selling.  "Potential players" have nothing to do with anything unless or until they start actually buying and selling the thing at issue.
While we're here, I don't understand the basis for your arbitrary 1-2 billion people figure as the range of "potential players" (whatever that means).  First of all, that's a hell of a range.  Second of all, couldn't every single person on the planet be described as someone who "could be a player in the bitcoin marketplace" someday?  I mean it's _possible_, without respect to how likely it is.  Shit, everyone on the planet could be described as a potential player in every market.  But unless or until they jump into the pool, who cares?


Let me paraphrase this:
1. There are 2 billion people that could be in the bitcoin market, but aren't.
2. 100 million of these people who aren't in the bitcoin market are vaguely aware of what bitcoin is.
3. 2 million of these people who know what bitcoin is but aren't currently in the market know enough about bitcoin to be aware of the halving schedule.
4. Actually, forget all that -- far less than 50,000 know about the halving schedule.
In sum, the market of people who actually actively buy and sell bitcoin is ~50,000, but it _could be_ as high as 2 billion because reasons.  (I'm assuming that just about anyone who deals with a substantial amount of bitcoin is savvy enough to know about the halving schedule; there's not exactly a lot of "layperson adoption" happening.)
If the market expands from ~50,000 to 2 _billion_ people, of course demand will increase and the value would skyrocket, but that doesn't have much to do with the impact of the halving.  It's due to assuming without any explanation that the market for bitcoin could expand by _four hundred thousand percent_.
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:39:04


Come now -- there's no call for rudeness.
And these kids ain't going to buy any games on Steam with *bitcoin,* because regardless of how many times you try to confuse the issue, *Steam doesn't take bitcoin.*  Steam takes *fiat* through Coinbase.  [You need to be a legal adult to open a Coinbase account]( just as you do to open a checking account with a debit card or to apply for a credit card (you can also be 13-or-older *with express written consent from your parents,* but again, same deal for bank accounts and debit cards).  If you don't have a Coinbase account, your bitcoin ain't going to buy you anything on Steam.  If you do have a Coinbase account, you could just as easily have a checking account.


And that's a terrible argument for the reasons that I've articulated.
@_date: 2016-05-11 19:18:40
But you need one to buy games on Steam.  That's what I thought we were talking about (you called me a moron, remember?).
@_date: 2016-05-07 15:59:55
It probably is; I was making some fun.
@_date: 2015-10-08 04:15:55
Right.  Or, y'know, we could just use the existing financial infrastructure, which is equipped to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second, all of which are confirmed (no matter how big or how small), and can't be ground to a halt by someone with $5000 to burn.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:34:35


Well -- the whole cornerstone of bitcoin is OpSec to ensure your own security ("be your own bank!").  If you screw it up or make a mistake, you could literally lose everything (or at least you could literally lose all of your money).
Everybody makes mistakes, of course; that's one of the main problems with bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:22:00


Fair enough.  I didn't offer a guess mostly because it's nonessential to my point (which is that the halving is already priced in and won't have any meaningful impact on the price when it occurs).  For whatever it's worth, my guess is that the number of bitcoin users will remain stagnant and eventually decline, but you're right that my guess is as good as yours.


I account for them by classifying them as people who have evaluated bitcoin and decided that they don't want to use it for whatever reason.


I don't believe this is true.  What does "entering the space" entail?  It doesn't seem like bitcoin is going mainstream to me.  There's not a flood of new merchants accepting it (and the few "big names" that "accept" bitcoin -- Microsoft, et al. -- accept it through an intermediary that gives them fiat currency; they never touch bitcoins themselves).  The [price]( has stayed fairly stagnant over the last year (and is in fact [down 31%]( from exactly one year ago), which indicates flat or declining demand.  I mean if all of these new people are "entering the space," who are they buying from?


Again, making a numerical guess of my own is kind of non-essential to my point.  It's enough to say that I believe that nearly everyone who is meaningfully "in the space" (i.e. buying and selling any substantial amount bitcoin) is aware of the halving.


As far as the price is concerned, no, it does not.  Buying exerts upward pressure on the price.  Selling exerts downward pressure on the price.  Considering doing either does absolutely nothing.


Again, I don't think this is so because the price does not seem to reflect an increase in demand.
@_date: 2015-03-23 03:22:09
Yeah -- I get that this is a "protocol for distributed consensus," and that it's meant to demonstrate that there can be a virtual currency that is not controlled by a single party or nation state.  Perhaps a refinement of that protocol can become the next global currency.  I don't think that bitcoin was ever intended to be that currency -- it was meant to demonstrate that trustless transactions based on a blockchain and a centralized ledger can work.  And it did that.  That's great.  But none of that means that bitcoin itself is "ready for prime time," or that Satoshi thought so.  Again, it's a proof of concept.
I think an analogy to the Wright brothers is useful, here.  The Wright brothers demonstrated that human flight is possible.  That's great -- their work was a great proof of concept for that idea.  But it would be ridiculous if a bunch of well-meaning folks exclaimed "THIS IS GOING TO REVOLUTIONIZE TRAVEL" and they tried to develop a viable airline based around the little glider that the Wright brothers used.  The Wright brothers didn't make something that was useable as a passenger plane, and they didn't intend to -- they set out to prove that human flight was possible.  They did so.  But their proof-of-concept glider wasn't the form of the idea that ended up revolutionizing travel -- it wasn't suited for mass adoption.
And neither is bitcoin.  All of the wonderful idealistic stuff you've said about cryptocurrencies isn't necessarily unique to bitcoin.  Maybe a successor to bitcoin will be the currency of the future, but bitcoin just isn't ready, and you can't handwave it away by saying "sidechains" (at least not until we see one that's implemented).
@_date: 2016-05-01 15:03:41
I apologize for the lengthy response, but this throws an awful lot of points at the wall Gish-Gallop style (I know that wasn't your intention).  I note that you forgot to answer my question about your Greek friends.  In any case:




You keep raising spending limits.  For whom is this a problem?  I have literally never encountered a situation in my life where I was not able to access my money because my bank said that I had "hit my spending limit" (and while I'm certainly not the monopoly guy, I'm not broke, either; I send quite a bit of money around sometimes).  The only occasion I could see it occurring is if you suddenly want to withdraw like $1k *in cash* from an ATM, or more than $10k *in cash* at the teller's desk (and even then they'll give you your money; they're just going to want you to fill out some regulatory paperwork, and maybe they'll ask for a few days to make reasonable security arrangements if you're withdrawing a truly preposterous amount).  How often does this scenario come up for, well, just about anybody?


That's true.  There are many examples of Bitcoin data breaches, too (although the consequences for a Bitcoin data breach are merely losing all your money as opposed to having personal information be compromised).  I get that bitcoin's encryption is theoretically unbreakable and any SFYL is the result of a security lapse by the user, much in the same way that bank security breaches are the result of a security lapse by the bank.  People tend not to be perfect.  That sucks, but it's not a legacy banking system problem; it's simple human fallibility.




I guess if there's a court order, then sure.  But it's not like the bank can just "levy" your money for the hell of it, nor would a court do so.  If someone's trying to collect a judgment or something, then yeah, they'll know where your money is, and the bank will generally not disobey a writ of attachment or some such.  That's just a function of not living in the Wild West and having a legal system with enforcement mechanisms.
In any event, I don't see how bitcoin's ability to hide money relates to its efficiency, nor are most people particularly interested in that use case.


It's not "instant," and you'd better hope you've bid high enough on that transaction fee otherwise your transaction may sit unconfirmed for a very, very long time.  I think if I were sending a million bucks I'd overestimate quite a bit; who would take chances with a transaction that large?


Who cares?  Merchants are more concerned about the processing time than final settlement time; if someone's standing at the checkout counter you want to:  (1) have some reasonable assurance that they're authorized to make the payment; (2) verify that they have the funds available; (3); take their money and (4) get them out.  If the transaction takes until the next business day to finally settle, who gives a turkey?  That's essentially an accounting and recordkeeping issue, and a day or two is plenty fast enough.
On the other hand, Bitcoin is great at doing the useless thing (final -- in fact *irreversable* -- confirmation), and terrible at doing the other stuff, most importantly verifying that the funds are there.  Unless you want to take 0 conf transactions, there's gonna be a delay of several minutes (perhaps 10 or more) before the transaction confirms.  And again, if you got the fee wrong, you could be waiting substantially longer than that.  But when it *does* eventually confirm, it will be settled; you're right about that.


This is overstating things a bit.  A lot of banks are looking into distributed ledgers, that's true, because they're businesses and they want to try to stay informed on new technology and see if they can usefully employ it (and they may *not* be able to, but it's still worth investigating and brainstorming about).  That ain't the same as saying that banks are clamoring for blockchains.


Again, you're extremely unlikely to hit accessibility problems unless you march into your local Wells Fargo on a whim and suddenly ask for a preposterous amount of cash.  They'll give it to you, but they may need a few days' notice before they can arrange your million-dollar withdrawal (presumably for a ransom payment, I guess).


To whatever extent you pay them, it's for the real services they offer (like taking care of all that security stuff, insuring you against loss, and creating at least a portion of the global financial network for you to use).  With that said, it generally ain't much ($10 per month, maybe?), and at least in the states free checking accounts are extremely common if your bank isn't shit (and I think that's *more* remarkable -- my bank just lets me store my money there and transfer it around electronically free of charge, and they ain't a charity).


By micro you mean less than a penny?  Again, who cares?  Is anyone clamoring for this?  (Also, what would the transaction fee be for one of these microtransactions?)


 
I guess we'll see, but everyone was all hot and bothered about sidechains and colored coins years ago, and those are complete vaporware.  I think LN will probably be made in some form because some fairly serious people want to make money from it, but I'll be interested to see how well it works.  (Also, I note that this looks a lot like an intermediary, such as a wire service, or even a bank.  One of us, one of us!)
@_date: 2016-05-06 01:07:05
I think it's extremely unlikely that this guy is so selfless that he'd immolate himself to preserve the purity of Bitcoin or whatever.  He could have just never claimed to be satoshi in the first place (or publically denied it) and obtain the same result.
@_date: 2015-10-15 07:42:27
Remindme! 1 year
@_date: 2015-10-08 15:16:13
Oh -- right.  The whole "efficient markets don't real even for known future events guaranteed to occur at a precise point in time" thing.
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:48:33


How?  If blockchain became prevalent in banking somehow, then regulatory authorities would simply shrug and extend regulatory requirements to the blockchain.  I mean it's a public ledger; it wouldn't be hard.  It's not even obvious to me how use of a blockchain would reduce *existing* regulatory requirements.
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:17:17
Assuming for the sake of argument that Wright is Satoshi, he'd have completely discredited himself and destroyed his real-life personal reputation to keep his identity as Satoshi a secret.  That seems like a shitty trade.
@_date: 2015-10-08 03:40:33
Sounds like a heck of a financial system you guys are creating.
@_date: 2015-03-12 23:25:19
Um.  Don't cryptocurrencies also have a 100% failure rate, by the same logic?  All of the cryptocurrencies that have been created have either failed (AHA!) or they haven't failed YET, but they presumably will.
@_date: 2016-05-10 21:43:48


I don't agree; this goes back to my Magic:  The Gathering cards example.  There are people who will pay hundreds of dollars for some of those cards.  Does that mean that the MTG card market is taking off?  Your original point was that in a decade we'll all be circlejerking notwithstanding the fact that the world seems to value bitcoin.  You can have a niche market of folks who value something really highly while the rest of the world doesn't give a turkey.  I think that's what we're seeing here.  You may disagree, but I don't see bitcoin taking the world by storm.  Nobody who "matters" (which is to say merchants) seems to want it.  It's pretty much just Darknet market participants (i.e. folks engaging in illegal transactions) and hardcore libertarians.  Playing that market might let you make some profits through gambling/wheeling/dealing, but it's not a path to mainstream acceptance.  That ship seems to have sailed.


This is a major concession, because it describes just about *every* legal transaction, but moving on:


You mean the illegal ones where obfuscating the source of the funds is important?  I'll concede that.  Are there any others?


Cool!  It's the currency of choice for drugs, illegal pornography, credit card scammers, and illicit online gambling, presumably because it's harder (but not impossible) for the authorities to trace.  That's what it is, but it doesn't seem like a stepladder to legitimacy or mainstream adoption.


Is the whole argument you're making in this post that it's not libertarian ideology, but rather illegal activity, that's buoying the price?  Because if so I don't know if that makes you look good and me look bad; it means that bitcoin has abandoned its dreams of becoming the global currency of the internet age and settled into being drugs-and-pedo pesos, because that's what it's actually useful for.  At least I was offering an explanation more palatable than that.
@_date: 2015-11-22 04:31:40
Microsoft and Apple also aren't "starting from nothing with no users."  Their platforms are already established and useful.
@_date: 2015-03-28 18:23:33
You realize that the overwhelming majority of merchants won't take bitcoin for FREE, right?  Now you want them to pay for the privilege of accepting them?
@_date: 2016-05-07 03:05:42
It was actually a good thing.
@_date: 2016-05-07 03:14:15


This quote is like the "e pluribus unum" of Bitcoin.
@_date: 2016-05-01 15:48:04
Alright man, I'll look forward to reading the article.  Thanks for discussing.
@_date: 2015-03-19 18:06:16
Yeah but the issue isn't limited to gonig into "dark alleys that have a history of criminality" (which Evolution most certainly was).  It encompasses everything.  There was a time when MtGox was considered to be a reputable exchange; it was the _premier_ exchange.  It went belly up, either because it had lax security or it outright stole money from client accounts, and there's no regulation to protect anyone.  There's an endless number of stories of people losing bitcoins just trying to move BCs around between wallets or folks getting "hacked" or paper wallets becoming inaccessible or whatever.  It's not just people walking into shady allies without packing heat.
Of course, there are ways to rationalize away these other incidents and to blame it on the victim.  If someone loses their wallet and it has hundreds of dollars in it, we don't blame fiat; we blame the owner of the wallet for being careless.  If someone keeps their savings in a cardboard box in their closed and a thief breaks in and takes it, we don't blame fiat; we blame the criminal for stealing or the holder of the money for not buying a safe.
But the problem that bitcoin faces is that fiat obviates most of these security and usability problems by having, y'know, banks.  I keep all of the money I want ready access to in a checking account.  I have a debit card that I can use to access those funds almost immediately, and those dirty, dirty banks that everyone hates so much take care of all of the work behind the scenes to facilitate the transaction and verify it almost immediately.  My bank takes care of all of the security precautions to protect my money from theft.  Should they fail, by bank carries insurance to shift the cost to an enterprise whose business it is to bear that risk.  If I screw up and lose my credit card or fall for a scam, I can do a charge-back.  Banks make everything so easy, don't they?
Everybody in the bitcoinosphere seems to hate the banking system and assume that it's a leech on the economy that just sucks out value without giving anything back, but the modern banking system provides a lot of services and security that present challenges for the average person (and people from all walks of life have to be able to use a widely-adopted currency, not just "captains of industry" who know the ins-and-outs of encryption and tor and cold storage and whatnot).
Bitcoin has brought the wild west back to currency.  We're not living in the wild west anymore because the wild west stunk -- it was violent and uncertain and unstable.  People prefer to be able to just pay some transaction fees to have their money be safe and easy to use.  That's why the current banking system and regulatory structure exists -- it's not some kind of conspiracy.
What problem does bitcoin solve, again?
@_date: 2015-10-08 14:52:31
Well, according to the efficient markets hypothesis (which, again, is imperfect but often useful), the [present value]( of the anticipated increase in the value of bitcoin after the halving is what is and always has been priced in.  Or, stated differently, a [discount rate]( applies because the halving will occur in the future, and as you observed, a dollar today is worth more than a dollar tomorrow; if you "tie up your money" in bitcoin now and wait for the halving you're [foregoing the opportunity]( to invest it elsewhere or use it for immediate consumption.  That's true for literally all investments that are expected to generate future cashflows.
The applicable "discount" will decrease gradually as we get closer and closer to the actual halving because your money will have to be tied up for a shorter period of time before the event occurs.  This, too, is true for any investment -- a savings bond that is guaranteed to pay out $1,000 in 10 years will sell more cheaply than one that is guaranteed to pay out $1,000 in 1 year.  But the event (a payment of $1,000) was priced into the cost of the bond the whole time; the difference in price is wholly attributable to the extent to which you have to "tie up your money."
In short, whatever value increase the halving provides (and it may be miniscule; if the market doesn't think something is particularly valuable, who cares if less of them are being produced?) has always been priced in, and to whatever extent you're getting a discount it's because you're tying up your money and foregoing investment elsewhere.  The discount gradually and consistently disappears as you get closer to the value-changing event; at no point is there a sudden change in value that's attributable to the event everyone knew was coming.
@_date: 2016-05-11 17:17:53


That's the overwhelming majority of people, which is my point.


So you paid Chik-fil-a fiat currency?  That's what Coinbase does, after all: It takes your bitcoin and pays the merchant fiat.  That's the service they provide.
@_date: 2015-10-08 13:17:54
Markets aren't _perfectly_ efficient.  But we're talking about a specific event that is publically known and guaranteed to happen at a precise point in the future.  Why wouldn't this be priced in?  Why would people who know that this is going to happen, and have known for _years_ that it's going to happen, suddenly wake up the day of the halving and say "HOLY SHIT BITCOINS ARE NOW BEING PRODUCED AT A SLOWER RATE AND EVEN THOUGH I'VE KNOWN THIS WAS COMING FOR YEARS I SUDDENLY WANT TO BUY THEM AND I'M WILLING TO PAY MORE FOR THEM THAN I WAS YESTERDAY!"  That doesn't make any sense, dude.
It's like you guys heard that there are some issues with the efficient markets hypothesis (which is true) and you therefore decided to disregard it completely (which is unwise).
@_date: 2016-05-10 23:09:12


Which one of us is doing that?  To wit:


Ut -- that's cheating, and it's a little on the disingenuous side.  This is an example of a merchant "taking bitcoin" through a payment processor that gives the merchant *fiat*; the [press release itself]( explicitly states that **"at no time does Valve receive or hold bitcoin."**  They don't want bitcoin (no legitimate merchant appears to).  They're accepting fiat through a payment processor that takes bitcoin on the other end of the transaction.  Valve doesn't really care what the processor does on its books; as long as it ends up with more *dollars* than it has before, well, that's fine by them.
So that's your good news?  That a merchant is willing to take fiat money?  I'm reminded of the [guy who came striding into buttcoin]( to inform us that we're all butthurt wankers because Microsoft was accepting fiat money through Bitpay.  It ain't breaking news that Microsoft will accept dollars, and nobody came in waving their dicks around when Microsoft quietly dropped it.
I suspect that none of that is of much concern to you -- the important thing is that you can say that Valve accepts bitcoin and most people won't be informed enough to argue.
@_date: 2016-05-01 08:17:43


It's more than I'd like to *have* to handle, and substantially more than what I'm asked to handle now.


Man there's a pretty steady stream of "sorry for your loss" stories emanating from people who have spent far longer than 30 minutes educating themselves about Bitcoin.  I guess either they didn't spend enough time boning up on "infosec," or the hackers were smarter, or they just made a mistake, as everyone does from time to time.  They were probably just the dumb ones, right?
I'm sure that Bitcoin is theoretically very safe so long as you're completely educated on everything and you do everything perfectly at all times.  Much of life is safe given those assumptions.  I'd still prefer to live in a world where I don't stand to lose everything by failing to diligently secure my computer.


Just because I don't want to take on a bunch of new responsibility and hassle for no real reason, doesn't mean I'm lazy.
@_date: 2015-10-08 16:55:27
I agree about the gradual change in price strictly on time value of money grounds, as I've set forth previously.
I don't understand why there would be a spike because of "speculation right before or after the halving."  Again, the halving's been priced in already, discounted for TVM purposes but slowly creeping upwards until the date of the halving, at which point no value is left to be reaped from the event.  (Just to clarify, you don't get that TVM "increase in value" for free; as a basis for comparison, if you stuck any money you have in bitcoin in an S&amp;P 500 market index fund 2 years ago, you'd be enjoying about a 45% return on your money by now.)
I guess any event could precipitate irrational speculation -- including the halving -- but that's just as likely to drive the price downwards as upwards.  Maybe hodlers will conclude that the halving is a good time to unload on people swept up in the euphoria.  Maybe they'll be disappointed when there's no sudden spike, panic, and start dumping.  Or maybe people will just plain old get swept up in the euphoria and the price will spike.  In other words, it's a random walk, just like any other potential price fluctuation given known information.
@_date: 2016-05-10 21:06:56
Oh, okay.  I'm sorry for misunderstanding, but I guess I'm kind of not sure what your point actually was, then.  It looks to me like bitcoin really isn't all that successful -- again, the price is high, but the market is really small; bitcoin is highly valued among a very small percentage of the population who are willing to buy it for its speculation "value" or for ideological reasons (be your own bank/the federal reserve is a conspiracy/fractional reserve banking is the devil/etc.).  
However all of that may be, the general population really just doesn't seem to want it, and if anything adoption has been contracting.  There's no real great news that's been coming out; if anything the only news that's been coming down has been is drama or SFYL that makes the whole project look kind of silly (Craig Nakamoto's phantom proof, etc.).
If your point is that we'll all look like silly geese if the thing takes off in the next decade, well yeah, I guess that's true.  But it's been petering out pretty hard since its inception.  The only indicator of strength is the market price, which is a function of the market itself shrinking to the true believers who really *do* value bitcoin a lot, want to buy it, and don't want to sell it (also the Darknet, I guess, but some use case that is).  None of this makes me think that bitcoin is going to take off.
@_date: 2016-05-11 19:35:10
[This is flat wrong.](  Steam "accepts bitcoin payments" through Coinbase and Bitpay (which, like Coinbase, also requires you to be 18 or have parental consent.)  You can't just send them some bitcoin and buy a game; as I said yesterday when we talked about this, Steam's own press release explicitly states that they do not touch bitcoin.  They don't have a wallet to which you can send bitcoin.  They will only accept payment through a payment processor, and to open an account with a payment processor you have to meet the same age/parental consent criteria for opening a check.
So I ask again:  How can a kid who can't open a checking account buy a game from steam using bitcoin?
EDIT:  It looks like I may be wrong with respect to Bitpay -- I can't find anything on Bitpay's terms of use agreement that requires verifying age or obtaining written consent, which strikes me as highly illegal for a financial intermediary (Bitpay essentially shoves responsibility off on the merchant to verify age or consent).  In any event, I'd still like to know how a teenager could get bitcoin without buying it -- "they have ways" isn't really a satisfying answer.  Also I still don't see how any of this is easier than buying a prepaid Visa card.
@_date: 2015-10-08 22:35:00
You're doing it the right way, man.  People who single space after periods are gutter trash.
@_date: 2016-05-11 18:35:36
That's actually not quite my point in this particular subthread, but I'll make this post short and bold the question for clarity:  **If a kid is too young to open a checking account and their parents won't let them have one, how can they buy games from steam with Bitcoin?**  The context is that you need to be an adult or have parental consent to open a Coinbase account.
@_date: 2015-10-09 01:34:15


And it BURNS ME UP INSIDE.
@_date: 2015-03-23 04:01:47
Can it be updated as needed, though?  I mean I'll confess that my knowledge about the subject breaks down a little at this point, but I keep hearing about side chains and forks and whatnot that are supposed to fix all of the problems that bitcoin has.  Is that as easy to do as you're implying?  Or, perhaps more to the point, has it ever actually been done before?
@_date: 2016-05-11 03:07:50


I couldn't agree more; accepting revenue in bitcoin would be extremely stupid.


There's an opportunity to accept more fiat currency by greasing the wheels for bitcoin hodlers *to trade in bitcoin for fiat and use that* to pay for video games, yes.  And no, they're not stupid, which is why they don't touch bitcoin.  The way Valve "accepts bitcoin" is like the way that anyone who accepts Visa "accepts bitcoin" if you use Paxful to buy a prepaid debit card and then use that to buy stuff.  You sell your bitcoin for fiat and then use that fiat to make your purchase.
You didn't respond to my point that you were kind of playing a shell game to insinuate that Steam accepts bitcoin.  You know that's not the case, but you tried it anyway.  Maybe that's your "clear ideological bent" at play.


You've got me there; apparently [Microsoft accidentally announced that it was not accepting fiat through bitcoin]( but then corrected themselves.
To be fair, I remember the time when Microsoft accidentally announced that it wasn't accepting Visa anymore and then clarified that they were still taking it, so these things happen to the best of us.  And in any case, they never took bitcoin; they took money and they still do.  As does Steam.
@_date: 2015-10-08 04:38:47




No -- I saw it.  I responded by rhetorically asking how much that's worth.  In your defense, asking rhetorical questions is the weakest form of argument, so I'll say what I mean:  "I don't care, and I think that, largely, other people don't care either.  We're fine with trusted intermediaries."




Are you suggesting that visa can be ground to a halt by $5000 worth of spam transactions?




Oh, you absolutely can't; it's all fees for every transaction.  But every transaction is confirmed -- there's no option to apparently not pay a fee (or to offer to pay too little of a fee, or whatever the case) and have the transaction floating in limbo, theoretically performed but never confirmed by the centralized ledger that's supposed to make this whole thing so wonderful.
@_date: 2016-05-01 00:21:30


Why is Bitcoin their only source of income?  Why can't they be paid in Euro?  Again, there's no cap on checks and electronic transfers in Greece.  Is this a preference or a necessity?


It seems to me like you've got a pretty tough row to hoe if you're going to make the case that Bitcoin is more efficient than fiat.  Bitcoin is *horrendously* inefficient; it can only manage 3-or-so transactions per second, it's scraping up against that cap, and everybody's been wringing their hands for *years* about how to fix it.  Visa handles [about 6,400 transactions per *second*]( and it's not even at capacity; that's just as many transactions are there currently are for Visa to handle.  That is literally a difference of orders of magnitude.
Bitcoin is decentralized, sure, but efficient it is not.
@_date: 2015-10-08 05:21:16
It means that the price will spike notwithstanding the fact that everybody knows that this halving and all future halvings are coming and they are already factored into the current spot price.  This spike will occur because reasons.
@_date: 2015-10-28 23:12:23


Have you considered that, perhaps, she *is* aware of Bitcoin, and she understands it as "that extremely volatile cryptocurrency asset that plummeted in value from a high of about $1,200 in late 2013 to about $300 today?"  If so, is she wrong to express her concerns about putting too many of your financial eggs in that particular basket?
@_date: 2016-05-05 19:23:51
I've got some dank rare satoshis
@_date: 2015-10-08 04:00:31
1.  How much is that worth?
2.  A system whereby some transactions are never confirmed seems shitty.
@_date: 2016-05-07 03:48:31
A very wise man said that we're *all* him.
@_date: 2015-10-09 15:00:00
I've heard this point made before, but I disagree with it.  I think two spaces after a period makes text *easier* to read.  If your sentences are written well, they should express complete thoughts.  Breaking up complete thoughts with a slightly larger "gap" makes text easier to digest for the same reason that paragraphs are more comprehensible than a "wall of text."
But that's just my opinion.
@_date: 2015-03-19 21:28:51
I guess what people are hoping for is for bitcoin to be less demonstrably easy to steal.
@_date: 2015-10-22 03:57:58


I mean I guess that's partially true; people have paid taxes for as long as I've been alive, so I sort of take it as a given and I don't think about it all that much.
But, when I DO think about it, I conclude that I like the services that a government offers (a military, fire service, police, roads, infrastructure for electricity and water, etc.), so it doesn't bother me that much.  I acknowledge that some tax money is wasted on pork barrel spending or lost to corruption or what have you, and that's frustrating, but that doesn't necessarily warrant throwing the baby out with the bath water.
@_date: 2016-05-05 21:06:55
But everybody makes mistakes, as OP astutely observed.  Woe betide you if you make a mistake on your bitcoin security, I guess.
Banks make security mistakes too, of course, but they're legally liable to you if they screw up and your money gets taken, so you have a recourse (and they kind of consider this to be a cost of doing business; they factor paying for screw-ups into their projections).  You also have deposit insurance that covers you completely unless you're the monopoly guy and you have more than $250k just kicking around in your checking account.
If your bitcoin wallet(s) get compromised, the money's irretrievably gone forever (SFYL), and it's really easy to shrug it off as a lack of personal responsibility unless you're the one who happened to make an inevitable mistake.
@_date: 2018-12-03 23:43:14
...so it's another vendor that takes your bitcoin and pays the merchant fiat while taking a fee for their trouble?  Holy shit -- mass adoption is imminent.
@_date: 2018-12-06 23:38:03


Do you often have problems with your fiat being “confiscated” or your transactions “blocked?”  Because in 34 years of living I have never had this occur.
 I will concede that, once, my credit card was compromised and transactions were made without my consent.  My bank reversed them within a couple of days and it didn’t cost me a penny.  (Woe betide you if your private key is ever compromised, but just exercise completely perfect security practices and never make a mistake and you’re all set there!)
@_date: 2018-12-07 02:46:05
I guess you lead a more exotic financial life than me, because I've never been flagged for money laundering (in spite of a reasonably good income and a lot of foolish purchases), and if a card gets flagged for a questionable transaction warning the worst I have to do is respond to a text saying "yes, I attempted that transaction," and that's rare.  
In any case, based on all of the stories I read about how bitcoiners encounter difficulties trying to buy a sandwich ("I didn't have a BIP70-compatible wallet so my Bitpay transaction didn't go through!" or "I asked to pay with Bitcoin and the one guy who knows how to do the transaction wasn't working that day!"), I mean, let's not draw a false equivalence here.  It's not like the choice is between the fiat system's bullshit and perfection; it's between the fiat system's bullshit and Bitcoin's bullshit.  Neither is seamless, but at least places reliably accept fiat, and the no-hassle success rate appears to be much higher.  If anything it's a thread-worthy victory when someone pays with bitcoin from a retailer and it goes smoothly; I don't go to and crow about how I successfully paid with my Visa without any hassles.