@_author: tochimottothecat
@_date: 2018-02-17 07:35:45
Ah...i see what you mean - i think. Sorry my understanding of the ways people use tech is very limited. Because the tech is built into the blockchain, users just by the fact they are using it will somehow not qualify. But isn't it the case that to register for an account on a exchange you are doing so via email, then following the kyc/aml procedure - selfie holding passport and date, then 2fa. Thats all set up before you start trading. I was just thinking if you had the ability to switch between private/public transaction (like verge-not shilling this) would not that be a way to be verified using public. Also that makes digital ID blockchain platforms which provide certificates for digital trust (which you can monetize- your data) extremely important going forward.
@_date: 2018-02-17 08:03:21
Yes, that is very true, but up until that point the exchange has complied to the regulations and therefore to me anyway they have met their legal requirements if it's only about verifying an account through the kyc/aml process. If it goes beyond that then that's another whole kettle of fish, my answer to that would be - "best of luck with that". Would be very tricky indeed.
@_date: 2018-02-17 05:06:30
That's exactly right. It's not bitcoin regulations - it's exchanges that will need to be regulated - verified accounts - kyc/aml - accountability, security etc....
@_date: 2018-02-17 06:02:07
Really don't understand what all that means, but i'll give it a go - "will be hard to track and verify those accounts using that tech?" - I understand, but i believe that exchanges will have to show to regulators that they are doing/implementing conditions for users to use those exchanges. It may come to a point where if an account is "ify" - they just might cancel it anyway.
@_date: 2018-02-17 05:13:21
I don't think he was referring himself as an expert in Bitcoin tech, probably coming from a more investment side of things, reading the market and the upcoming business interest that is being shown to bitcoin. As he said it's the blockchain tech that is the important thing here.Edit 1: I know shit about the tech, but like you, am learning everyday and i've only been in the space for 2 months.