@_author: tocont
@_date: 2015-05-28 16:07:50
Call me a pessimist, but I think that maybe if it had started out that way, it would have a chance, but at this point the culture is entrenched and the secret ballot won't have a significant effect.
Maybe over time..? On the other hand, it should be done anyways, as it's the right way to do it, and it enables the ideal situation.
@_date: 2015-05-28 05:22:33
Caveat with the secret ballot:
Is the thinking that the fact that the ballots are secret, that then it would allow the congress members to vote their conscience / what they believed was right rather than to support organizations or people that donated money to their campaign? 1 main problem I see with this:
You require the congressmen to lie. Your're saying that they would still be getting contributions, but could then vote whatever they wanted and the contributors could not know what the congressman voted. Congressmen would still vote in-line with lobbyists to avoid getting into conflict with the lobbyists. If the vote were unanimous, against the lobbyist, then it would be obvious.
Now, it may be that the possibility of this situation would become clear to congressmen very quickly, and would essentially kill the whole lobbying system. However, I assert that the highest probability is that the same thing would happen as is happening now, or at least pretty close, except that we would not have a public record of who voted for what.
@_date: 2018-02-06 04:11:07
I don't understand how people seem to be using this 'crypto will fail' phrase. Bitcoin is not going to go to zero value, or near zero - it will end up stabilizing at some average value. However, the only reason that crypto / bitcoin would be considered 'failed' is if everyone decided to ignore that it existed, stopped trading it, and didn't use it as a currency.
Bitcoin will be used as a currency for a long, long, long time. If that is true, then Bitcoin will not have failed for a long time as well. The relative value of a Bitcoin is irrelevant, it just means that you will end up buying .01 rather than .00001 of a Bitcoin in order to make the same value of transaction.