@_author: todd101scout
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:04:01
What ordinary person is going to by a $2,000 device to mine bitcoin? It used to be that anyone with a modern computer could mine at a reasonable rate, but with the entry of ASICs, consumer computers are no longer relevant for mining
Oh no, I've heard all the talk about how it solves all of these computationally hard problems. I just don't see it affecting day to day life for most people. Sure, there are cool security things going on - but, quite frankly, paying for things with my credit card already works pretty well. It's an incremental improvement in payment tech, not a revolution.
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:05:25
Woah, someone who read my post and didn't immediately comment back with one of the standard bitcoin responses! Thank you!
That's an interesting thought, that they're actually much better off if it's more decentralized.
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:55:04
But what's the big deal about not having a bank? There are already companies like Simple ( that do banking without physical locations. I get that it's cool that Bitcoin can do it, but it feels like we're close to doing it with normal money too
Having just opened my first eCommerce store, I'm feeling that pain. 3% transaction fee doesn't sound like much on paper, but it's a lot to a business's bottom line
Wait, you also get transaction fees while mining? I didn't know that Bitcoin had a transaction fee. Just looked it up, and it seems a lot more complicated than a standard % fee - it's based on the "size" of the transaction, whatever that means? 
True - the tech behind bitcoin is pretty awesome - but I was trying not to include that in the discussion, because there are so many other revolutionary technologies behind bitcoin (the Internet, computers, electricity), that's it seems silly to say the currency is revolutionary simply because it builds on top of them.
No, I appreciate it. Definitely learned a lot about bitcoin from posting this article :) 
@_date: 2014-02-11 17:00:40
That's a good analogy - selling shovels during a gold rush. Thanks for the point!
@_date: 2014-02-12 00:23:22
Perhaps. Then again, as an entrepreneur, I'm fine making mistakes. Maybe a bit too fine, in the scheme of things. It's a good point, I'll definitely research future articles more.
Is stating an opinion really malpractice, though? What's human existence, if not opinion?
@_date: 2014-02-11 23:42:16
Some good points in that article - though, not all of them
Inflation is actually an engine of economic growth - 
If the value of money is constantly rising, people will save, not spend. These are both things that, it's true, are good in the short run. But, what happens to the global economy when people stop buying things? We'll have even more poor and unemployed than before, just look at Detroit.
Also, not at risk for street-theft? I disagree. Instead of holding a gun to your face and asking for your wallet, I hold a gun to your face and demand that you pay me 100 bitcoins. Nothing solves physical threats unless you don't plan on carrying your smartphone/payment method with you.
I also find their argument that it generates wealth silly. It's easy to look back and say that people who invested in it when it was young are now rich - but that's true of every investment that's done well ever. How's that any different from people who invested in Apple or Microsoft when they were young?
Overall, though, interesting article with some good points - especially the low transaction cost. (Though, come to think of it, financial services is currently the largest economic sector in America - much of that comes from credit card companies. If bitcoin kills that, won't we have even worse economic issues than we did before bitcoin?)