@_author: todorius
@_date: 2014-02-19 22:57:20
Yes, that's what is often overlooked when regarding bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Just turn the wheels 100 years into the future. It very well might be that by then, humanity has established permanent settlements on the moon, on mars, asteroids and so on. 
Now, does anyone really think that in such an advanced society, people will carry fiat around from colony to colony? Really? 
The fiat system will definitely end by then, because it is not made for an interplanetary species, which humanity ultimately will be.
Bitcoin on the other hand is. Because it is digital, it can be basically transmitted to other worlds, there is no limit there. Of course, because of the finite speed of light, transactions to mars would take a while to verify ;) But still, if you just think a bit ahead, it is amazing to see that bitcoin could really well not only be the beginning of a planetary currency, but in the end, ultimately lead to an interplanetary currency.
Amazing times people, amazing times !!!
@_date: 2014-02-19 23:03:21
When I said bitcoin, I actually meant cryptocurrencies in general. You speak of some problems bitcoin has right now, like the energy need for mining or volatility. These are of course temporary problems that can and will be solved, same as the internet had some growing pains in the early 90s.
Do you think the internet just materialized out of thin air with no problems whatsoever?
How many people prophesized the impending doom of the internet? Many! Yet, it evolved, it transformed gradually. The internet from now is a long shot from in the early 90s :)
The same holds true for bitcoin.
The bitcoin protocol is flexible, it can be updated. 
Volatility? Yes, that's a problem when the bitcoin market cap is 0.01% of the world market cap, or even less. 10 years from now? Not so much any more I think, when the market cap is 1000 times higher.
Bitcoin will gradually evolve, so it really could transform into the type I currency I was speaking of.
What we see here are the first baby steps of that currency. 