@_author: toffeepapadum
@_date: 2018-02-26 16:18:17
Sure, you can argue that the economy is fragile and maybe we should let these businesses fail that are only surviving because of the careful management of the economy. I wouldn't want to argue with that.
I would find it hard watching a country slowly decline into closed shops and empty parking lots, but maybe fifty years later we would end up with something better with businesses providing real value and products that last rather than lots of junky throwaway gadgets. Pretty big risk to take though. It might just decline and stay there.
@_date: 2018-02-27 17:32:37
I have no problem with crypto at all. This entire time I have simply been arguing that deflation is bad.
A disinflationary or stationary value crypto does seem like a good idea if it could be done. As flat as possible would be good in my opinion.
@_date: 2018-02-27 15:11:53
Thanks for the article, I'll give it a read.
My initial impression of your comment though: I don't think you can class technological advances that bring down the price of products as "deflation". It's a very big stretch.
The key difference between technological advances and currency deflation is that technological advances happen because people have been working hard to make them happen. On the other hand, if it's built into a currency it happens by default. No effort needed. You don't have to improve the world in any way, you just sit there and do nothing.
**Update:** Okay I've had a moment to read the article. It's not pro-deflation at all. In fact the entire article is about how bad deflation is. This quote feels like it can sum up our whole conversation:


It says deflation is rare, and then highlights four times when it has happened. Three out of four of the examples are really bad times:
 - Great Depression
 - Depression of 1920-1921
 - European Debt Crisis
Then only one example of one that could be considered good:
 - Industrial Revolution
However, I'm not familiar enough with the time period to actually say it was good. It was quite possibly a terrible time to live with high unemployment and continuously lowering pay.
How can you send me that article and then still be pro deflation?
@_date: 2018-02-27 07:44:07
Well you're welcome to your opinion but all I've been able to find is that conventional wisdom among economists is that the economy would go into long drawn out recession. I'm not the one that said it. I just read it.
@_date: 2018-02-26 19:30:57




Maybe these contribute. But I think the main reason is because the value continually goes up so people think of it like an investment. Much like how you would hold onto bonds until maturation.


Can you send me these studies? I've been looking around for opinions and studies on this but I've never found anything pro deflation. I've just found economists opinions that say "deflation generally leads to recession". I was under the impression that it hasn't really happened before so it was difficult to study properly.


Hmmmm... to be honest, the thing I would be more likely to do that would be bad for the economy would be to leave any money I had in savings rather than go out and get a mortgage. People would definitely make less money off me, coffee places might be okay.
@_date: 2018-02-27 14:20:10


Wishful thinking isn't going to create a booming economy. While I doubt that you are in possession of more or better information than the economists that you seem to think are unqualified to make predictions, I'd love to read any positive studies on deflation based economies if you have links to them, because I've been unable to find any myself.
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:33:58
Gold is uncopyable. You can’t just hand over a paper wallet and claim it’s the only copy. Everyone would still need access to the internet
@_date: 2018-02-26 07:53:49
If economies were based on appreciating currencies they would stagnate and go into massive recession because no one would spend money. That’s why.
A currency should be primarily a way to exchange value. It should be as stable as possible ideally. People in charge have worked out that a very small inflation rate boosts the economy though. So that is why it’s the way it is.
@_date: 2018-02-06 08:28:06
Okay yeah, a government could allow you to trade bitcoin for their fiat and then destroy it. But why would they? They already have a system of printing money and handing it to banks to loan out, and it offers them far more control. Not to mention it creates inflation which creates a drive to spend or invest rather than save. The last thing you want in a disaster recovery situation is a bunch of hoarders. You want a country of builders and producers.
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:53:29
You’d be better off creating a whole new crisis currency. If you used bitcoin and assumed all the keys were lost youd run the risk of someone showing up 10 years later with 50 bitcoins and 50 times more wealth than the entire world. You’d be an idiot to buy into a system with that kind of risk. Whoever was in charge would hopefully want to reward the hard work of rebuilders rather than the luck of pre-disaster investors too (and yes there would be someone in charge, just the strongest person most likely)
@_date: 2018-02-04 23:30:59
Chances are a large chunk of the keys will be lost in the process, leaving the currency crippled even if it still is operating.
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:29:47
You seriously overestimate the capabilities of bitcoin in a crisis. Trade would most likely drop back to basics. Trading food and resources. Real things with real value. Fiat and crypto are a convenience, they don’t have real value. And in a world with poor access to electricity/internet crypto is no longer convenient.
@_date: 2018-02-05 08:39:44
It would probably fall back to medieval style trade. Beat downs might have been common but it wasn’t how everyone did it. The vast majority traded normally. You would have a period of chaos followed by emerging chieftains/lords/kings who would have to keep the peace in their own unique way whatever that is.
@_date: 2018-02-26 17:55:59
In short. You're completely right. You're not worse off by doing that. I'm not going to defend my friend's logic. I just wanted to point out that from my observations, people with bitcoin want to hold onto it rather than spend it.
However, to tie the example back into my original premise that a deflating currency is bad for the economy: in a world where a country's primary currency is an appreciating one such as (but not) bitcoin, you wouldn't have another currency to buy this coin with after the fact. You would just have your money in that currency and a choice to buy or not buy the coffee. So the sensible choice would be to just not buy the coffee if your money was going to be worth a lot more in the future, the hedonistic choice would be to buy the coffee. People would have a tendency to buy less stuff when faced with that choice. You would forego the little unnecessary things like that more often. Maybe you wouldn't buy a new car, maybe you wouldn't be as likely to get into debt to buy a house. I dunno, each person would be different in the end. But from my reading on the subject, the general wisdom is that slight inflation is good for the economy and you can see that reflected in people's use of bitcoin which by and large is treated as an asset rather than a currency.
@_date: 2018-02-26 15:13:25
You just need to look at the way people treat bitcoin to know that people will hold rather than spend. It's almost the entire point of bitcoin at this point. Buy and hold. Don't spend. I have friends that recently got into it and say things like "I bought a coffee with bitcoin today to try it out! It worked! Won't do it again though, that coffee might be worth $1000 in a few years!". So yeah, we have clear evidence that people do this.
Also, you don't need everyone to to become a hodl monk to create a recession, all you need is for people to spend less than they currently do. We saw the effects of this in 2008. People freaked out and started saving. Retail stores that had been doing well started struggling.
I know I would sit on a pile of cash rather than invest my money if it was guaranteed to became more valuable over time. People don't do that in our current world, they invest in houses and shares and bonds. Their money is put to work rather than just sitting there doing nothing.