@_author: tofuboy123
@_date: 2017-12-13 13:20:27
Ok I will try and take this one if you are asking seriously.
The Fed program of QE is what's considered a "non-conventional monetary policy tool". Simplified the whole program was intended to extend the abilities of the Fed since the Fed rate was already practically at zero (because GFC etc).
The program bought both treasuries and mortgage bonds with two main objectives. One: to marginally reduce borrowing costs (how this happens takes 30 pages of textbook lingo so I'm leaving it there) and two: to help banks who are the main sellers of bonds to have more cash (sort of like everyday ppl pawning their stuff for cash/ rmber this was a "balance sheet" recession. Cash is king)
A common misconception of QE is exactly as u made it sound. That the Fed is dancing tango with the government. Along other common beliefs. I believe this is quite far from the truth. But without going on a long diatribe I'm stopping here. 
Edit: Also in relation to Op and the article, the Fed is at the start of unwinding the trillions of assets they bought over the last several years. What conventional economics predicts is this should lead to net withdrawals of cash from the banking system and the economy at large. Moreover post-crisis inflation has been considered underwhelming recently complicating the Fed's plans.
Hopefully my post isn't too long winded but I'm seeing what I think is too much misunderstanding of what the Fed has done post crisis. That there is mistrust or fear of them that shadows them. I want to dispel that with what I know.
@_date: 2017-12-14 04:49:12
That's a good question.
I think the Fed will unwind its bond holdings the same way it acquired it. Selling a set amount to market at a glacial pace. The Fed is highly likely to signal its intentions and how well before it actually does anything. The purpose of this is to minimise the impact on market. Unfortunately the Fed's record of doing this successfully is spotty at best (I.e the tamper tantrum when they started slowing QE). 
To address your concern about the US debt level, you are right to think it's unsustainably high. However the US still has time (I believe) to turn things around. US debt levels remain comparable to other developed countries (though I think this arguement is ultimately unconvincing) and I think it's crucial that the US embarks on a decade long journey now for a surplus. sadly to wrap up I think the Question of US debt will remain with us into our graves.
Finally I don't think the Fed will cause a recession. The reasons I think are that the Fed is very careful in treading forward with rate increases and unwinding its bond holdings. Most importantly it communicates nearly at every opportunity what it is thinking for the markets to digest. Whether you know or not this level of transparency is a very post-crisis thing, kicked off by previous Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and continued by Yellen. The new incoming chairman next year is expected to continue this. Long and truely gone are the days that the Fed was literally a secretive gentlemans club. Everything what the Fed is thinking and doing is on its website, one only has to look.
I hope I addressed your questions well. Keep them up if you are interested. 
Edit: and yes selling bonds back into market is expected to be the opposite to buying them. its considered similar to monetary policy "tightening" Or akin to increases in the Fed rate.