@_author: toldozer85
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:46:25
How can you conclude this? In general or for me and bitcoin? I have $ in this that I wouldn't be affected by in the event of a full bitcoin collapse. It's a speculative hedge and full loss is a high % of my potential outcomes. This is betting on the technology and alternative value transfer that COULD go global if the right things happen and the stakeholders stay the course. 
A fact that don't even look at the object.... Bitcoin has outpaced the Internet over its start, in invested capital since it inception. That means something. Who knows if it means enough.
@_date: 2015-07-28 04:12:32
Present day, how does gold/silver have more tangible value than cryptos? Honest question. Sure large scale commercial applications, but not more than  the same scale of tech companies that benefit from the new crypto currencies. Younger millenials can turn a bitcoin into say, a TV, way faster and way cheaper, than say an oz of gold. Digital currencies are the new commodity for the next generation.
@_date: 2015-07-27 02:46:28
It has more to do with where everyone puts "cash", whatever they have left from selling or remaining in the market, when currencies become more unsafe, and the bond and equity markets are trash. This becomes more and more dependant on alternative currencies when governments start to lose control of their own monetary system.. Hence, bitcoin.
@_date: 2015-07-26 21:46:00
UPVOTE if you just bought some. Any amount, $10, $20, whatever! Just BUY BUY BUY!
@_date: 2015-07-28 01:36:52
I guess it depends on your contribution %/amount of $ you put in each paycheck as well as your retirement horizon. If you are younger, at this time, I'd go with one of the longterm blended "retirement year" funds that are conservative and protect more on the downside. The market is at a level I don't think is sustainable, and while it might be a month or a year from now, equities will pull back.. I'm in a vanguard 401k and I adjust my asset classes as the market changes, but will be changing them to more conservative mixea now, and then doing some "play money" on the side in speculative hedges with large risk and huge potential upside.. I.e Bitcoins, and some options on companies in markets I think are overvalued. 
Basically, dabble in Bitcoins a little, use them to buy stuff (I just booked a flight via Expedia using them) tell your friends, buy some, hold them, and who knows, if the market really falls badly, they might be a nice hedge to provide a bump to ease the fall or even be a massive new player and go through then roof. I'm big on gambling on this for now. But my amounts are equivalent to what I'd take to Vegas and be prepared to lose it all.... Or come home with a fortune. That's my bet and who knows whatll happen.
@_date: 2015-07-26 21:33:26
This! Pump the markets, hold! Let's do this. Everyone buy buy buy today. Analysts are waiting to see if $300 can become a new floor short-term, let's get it there!
Buy buy buy!
@_date: 2015-07-27 01:18:51
I think there's a tremendous opportunity here in the US to blunt the blow with a few things (stated simply) ... As global opportunities for us based companies start to sour with the authoritarian govts abroad running out of fake, manipulative power.. If we simplified out tax code, lowering to somewhat flat low corporate and then individual tax rates; skiddish businesses within the US will be able to move a lot of their infrastructure, jobs back home, while also reducing all of the burdensome compliance costs that come with complicated tax and business structures that were born purely bc our government had demonized corporations and justified the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. It will increase revenue and bring a solid base to build on and maintain an economy of substance during a pull back... To bad POTUS and others know this, but they have zero desire for actual economic growth and stability  and desire to only drive up government size and scope at the cost of American jobs, personal income, and corporate/small business growth.
@_date: 2015-07-27 00:40:40
Couldn't have said it better. This will make 08 look small when it happens. The national borrowing to prolong and intensify this false economy has to stop. More Americans not working each year, tax revenues at record high... Corporations have slashed operating costs to maintain margin in a high regulatory cost environment.. As soon as major industries start seeing some UNDERLYING negative growth, investors will start to panic to cash in these recent epic gains.. And the tumble has started. Only this time, we will have less people actually employed (I'm not talking that fake unemployment rate the govt puts out), businesses will have already maximized cutting operating costs, banks will have all of the recent lending growth out in the market and not to mention an epic level of young people graduating with record debt and moving back home without a job... Health care costs is a whole new layer to add on... Without people working more go to exchanges or just go uninsured... This is going to be bad. We have global progressive policies (GOP and dems) to thank for the epic collapse that is coming. Let's hope someone can come in and depress this pull back asap.
@_date: 2015-07-26 21:32:10
No bro, I'm a long term speculative investor. I haven't sold any, only used some to buy stuff. I just want a rally and hold/spend!
@_date: 2015-07-27 01:58:54
Here it comes ladies. $300 I can smell it. Jumped in for a few more at $294. Let's go.