@_author: tom_walters
@_date: 2013-12-02 18:29:57
For a couple of reasons:
* You can have any number of addresses associated with any number of wallets, meaning that in theory you could have a different address for every transaction. With no way to link addresses to a wallet (or for that matter to any individual) this basically guarantees anonymity. Despite the fact that every transaction is public, we have no idea to whom an address belongs, so it's not as though we can say "X just received Y bitcoins" without prior knowledge of the person's address
* Bank accounts require a large amount of personal information to set up. They also require...a bank - this means that someone has your personal information on file, and can expressly link ALL account activity to you. This type of system is far nicer for governments who can simply force the bank to hand over all information on individuals, as well as all transactions
There are many other privacy benefits, including the fact that simply browsing the block chain reveals nothing of the nature of the transactions, only the raw values and addresses involved - not a reference like "Illegal Drug Money Fund" as traditional bank statements would display. 
@_date: 2013-12-02 18:53:56
I think the point is that the grammar with Bitcoin is different, there are pros and cons associated with BTC v Fiat, but in this case there is a potential to see this kind of behaviour. For the people behind deepbit.net, they evidently don't care if you can see all incoming transactions, but other companies could use a simply system of generating a new address for each visitor. With traditional banking if I know your sort-code, I know (in the UK) who you bank with, and therefore a rough idea of your location; the same cannot be said for Bitcoin.
Also in terms of "being able to see someone's balance" - this is only true if you use one address for everything: sending and receiving - something I would guess is fairly rare even at this point in Bitcoin's history.
@_date: 2013-12-01 21:25:19
I don't believe that's most of the people on this sub are here with a get-rich-quick mentality, if you read the various discussions most constantly tell newcomers that the currency is volatile and not currently a place to store life savings.
People here know the risks, and aren't stupid, they're here to discuss a seriously exciting technology that could change the financial landscape, not to just discuss tactics for quick investing.
Just my opinion having browsed this sub for some time.
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:34:45
Web designer/dev here and definitely up for something like this!
@_date: 2013-12-01 22:46:49
Exactly. Economists and the wider public currently evaluate Bitcoin with skepticism and overall cynicism (it is new after all), but they're evaluating it against current financial paradigms without using their imaginations to think in a different way. 
Hopefully with the growing interest education will get better, and we'll see a deeper public understanding of just why Bitcoin is different and better.
@_date: 2013-12-02 18:34:00


This is like saying "as soon as you give out the launch codes to the nuclear missiles things go bad" - sure, but no doubt companies would be very careful with such information, and the vast number of possible addresses for each wallet would allow businesses to distribute their finances so that even if an address did get out, only a few transactions would be affected.
@_date: 2013-12-02 18:39:26
And if I create a new address for receiving BTC you'll see that the balance is 0 BTC, and still be able to pay me. I see what you're getting at, but the fact that you can have multiple addresses solves the problem.