@_author: tombj
@_date: 2016-04-30 12:31:40
While reinstalling armory on another drive, I did more research and found out that electrum uses wif format for private key entry, which is the priv58 format armory uses without the spaces. I haven't had time to verify but I'm pretty sure the address with wif formatted key will allow electrum  to process this.
@_date: 2016-04-28 13:23:43
OK, I went to blockchain.info entered the address in wallet and it has # of transactions 1, tot received .10xxxxx btc final balance same, and a request payment and donation button.  I'm thinking armory is waiting for the sync to complete and then IT will do the payment request; is that right?  Also after synchronizing overnight the propeller icon on armory is still slowly spinning and it still says 3 hours, then I see my massive clusterf  Note that in armory settings I have bitcoin install dir as E:\...\bitcoin core  (which is where I put that because I THOUGHT the huge size folder would be there on my 2tb drive) and default for bitcoin home dir, which for armory is c:\users\...\appdata\roaming\bitcoin\  I left default there.  This AM I see that the blocks folder is where the big file is (gulp) and of course that's why  armory is stuck, my 128gb c drive is full! 
edit:  gave armory a new path for its bitcoin home dir to E: and restarted the program.  Its now initializing bitcoin engine so hopefully this will work.  I contemplated just moving the big file over there but figured that might cause more problems, as it turns out armory has created MOST of the same files in the new location so we'll see...
@_date: 2016-04-30 03:26:04
It should be formatting, the address and wif is required which is 58 with no spaces according to a post I found.  Haven't tried yet but will soon
@_date: 2016-04-29 01:15:44
Good grief, moving the install and home directories to E where I had some room offloaded 71GB from my c drive so i thought I was done, but now armory is "building databases" and that file is up to 29gb, on my C drive stuck at 45% with the drive full AGAIN and not movable as far as I can see so the program has stalled once again.  This is ridiculous, this would be a 130GB installation of data alone not including the program.  What a waste of time.  The only logical thing to do at this point is indeed to trash the whole thing and start over with electrum. edit: I selected to import to electrum and it would only take the wallet address; I did not see where or how to enter the private key and which of the privbase58 or privhexbe key to enter, and/or if it needed the priv.....: prefix for the key even if I knew where to enter it.  in any case electrum said "this wallet is watching only this means you will not be able to spend bitcoints with it. make sure you have the seed phrase or private keys  before you request bitcoin to be sent to this wallet."  I have the keys.  opening the electrum client now shows the balance.  thanks for the help! I then created a new wallet in electrum. Only problem now is I don't know how I'm supposed to convert this electrum watch only wallet (the one that actually has the balance) to one I can send from?  I see there is wallet&gt;private keys&gt;sweep, but I don't see anywhere to enter a key before I pull the trigger on that..and I don't think I can sweep from a watch only wallet anyway.  I read that "Since 2.0 electrum doesn't allow u to import private keys. U can only sweep them. When u sweep them the balance is sent to another address in ur wallet." but when I go to the new electrum wallet and enter the private keys from the armory wallet or address, for that matter, the sweep button stays greyed out so I am unable to sweep.  Is the only way around this to get a bigger drive and reinstall armory?
@_date: 2016-04-29 19:00:47
If I follow your instructions the only data that I can enter that un-greys out the next button is the address. (Which will only create a watch only wallet) Entering any combination of the 2 private key formats I have with or without spaces or the privhex: or priv58: prefixes they have will not ungrey the next button to allow the program to proceed.  Note the keys and address I am referring to were originally created in armory, which I had to abandon because of the extreme size of it's installation.  I'm not sure if the string of characters I am attempting to input in the box is in the correct format, if it should have spaces, or even if it is using the same security algorithm.  I'm a bitcoin newbie, this is a win 10 installation.
@_date: 2016-04-29 18:19:05
How do I enter the private key to import it?  For example in a new, seeded wallet I tried going to wallet &gt; private keys and the choices were sweep or export.  In the watching only wallet wallet &gt; private keys sweep Is the only choice....
@_date: 2017-06-02 13:08:52
what is CFPF? (this initial transaction was not flagged in any way and I don't imagine there was a way to do so retroactively, or do you mean flag the followup transaction?) Is there an official specified time out or do I need to keep checking blockchain.info ? (is blockchain.info the proper place to check? 
@_date: 2017-06-02 15:56:11
I did a (very little) reading about that and it looks like viabtc mines one block an hour; I would think with the number of people piling on to the service even IT would form a very long line- it was not immediately clear if transactions were prioritized with a larger and larger fee added.  This is a small payment; I can probably just pay a completely separate payment and would probably just have left over credit but it would be nice to know:
A: how long it takes an unconfirmed transaction to be deleted
B: what the actual step by step procedure is to do an RBF using armory 0.95.1, or if it is supported by any version of that or maybe Electrum?