@_author: tomc4life
@_date: 2016-12-09 09:36:20
I'm going to tell you what you are going to do.  Nothing.  Don't touch it.  It doesn't need to be faster.  It's not for buying latte's or doughnuts.  If you are worried about it being the next visa or MC.  Step away.
If you want to 'replace it in two years with Bitcoin 2.0' give a 2 for 1.  Your gonna have problems.  People aren't making this the back bone of their legacy for their families for some yahoo to come along and think we need bitcoin for micro payments.  There will be plenty of coins for that or a few.  I don't know that answer.  
What i do know is that the damn thing is near perfect the way it is.  If it was one person Satoshi or that was a group of people, i am sure they are reading this.  You sir or madam or group.  Thank you.  You nailed it.  The only question i have for you is did you even forsee what this would become.  
I equate Johan Gutenberg and his moveable type and the internet as the genesis and final outcome of the human kind age of information.  It's final great accomplishment was this internet.  Step 1 written word, Step 2 Mass produce Written world.  Step 3 Bring all Written word to the Masses and enjoy the ride.
With Bitcoin and the blockchain you give rise to something more powerful.  Another life form.  
The Age of the Machines.  
Bitcoin backs all crypto today.  Will back it all in a few years.  Don't f it up.  If you still think this is used to go shipping or to send money between school girls at the mall..  you should take a long vacation, a beach preferably.  Get shit can wasted everyday and think about what you are doing.  Unless you were smart enough to say you developed bitcoin in the first place you or anyone else for that matter has the right to do anything with the masterpiece.  Leave it alone.  This is it's coming out party.  DO NOT F THIS UP.  LEAVE IT ALONE.  Or go down as being the the ones who interfered with perfection.  
If anyone on here can give me a viable reason why this is soo important please do.  I will check back and go through them all.  If anything quantum computing should make us think.  But outside of that, maybe decide by consens which of the many F'd up alt coins should do, the bullshit stuff that bitcoin, i am afraid is just not purposed for.  