@_author: tomchy85
@_date: 2018-06-14 23:58:44
It's a shame to see that the most upvoted answer is also the most stupid one. Thats what people will see first and will often stop a that. 
First of all,we need to think of this in term of purchasing power not absolute values, that is how interest rates are calculated.
Real interest rate = nominal + inflation. So, we can have positive nominal interest rates (let's say 1%) with -3 % inflation (3% deflation), that's a real interest rate of -2%.  However, it would completely defeat the purpose. 
Why would someone lend 50 btc and get 45 back? Well simply because you might only have 40 left if you left in the "bank" all this time depending on the interest rates and of course, they will be set accordingly.
With our current inflationary currencies you usually earn less interest for holding money in the bank then what you pay if you took out a loan. The exact inverse will happen with a deflationary currency. The interest rate for holding in a bank would be for instance -3% while lending would be -1%, So you would lend. It's as simple as that.  It's just the exact inverse of the current situation. Why do you lend? Because interest are higher when lending than holding regardless of inflationary or deflationary. Actually, it's a great way to reduce public debt (which has been exploding in case you haven't noticed). It's probably the only way to prevent everything from going to shit. Developed economies are up to their necks in debt and the interest payments keep compiling endlessly. There is no way we will ever be able to pay it back, unless we start doing the exact inverse of what we have been doing since 1913. The only reason we have inflation is so that a small group on individual can massively accumulate wealth trough dilution of the money supply. 1% already own 99% of wealth, now, they just have to let it appreciate on it's own through a deflationary currency. It's actually brilliant if you think about it. The inflationary phase is finished, all hail deflation!!! 
And, before anyone says anything about the fact that you won't hold crypto in a bank, be sure that in time, you will. You won't have a choice, if you don't you will lose it, mechanisms are already being deployed, we just need a few more years to have the full picture. It's not like having cash stuffed under your mattress. Everything will be accounted for that's the whole point behind crypto and blockchain, accountability and complete control.