@_author: tommyb34
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:24:34
Thank you so much for the post.  It is good to hear someone with some expertise in this area.  I have a question.  I did buy BTC in 2012 at much lower prices.  I have not "sold" any BTC, but have recently bought some gold and silver with my much appreciated BTC.  Is gold and silver treated differently than any other product or service for tax purposes?  (perhaps because one could consider it exchanging one form of money for another).  I just assumed that I would only have a realized gain if I sold the gold/silver for cash (that I bought with BTC) but am I wrong here?
@_date: 2014-01-04 22:34:14
Thanks.   explains it well and this was all very enlightening.  I am going to continue to buy and hoard BTC until these tax issues become more clear.  I dont mind paying capital gains in the future if I sell for cash, but keeping track of all future gold/silver and other purchases with BTC for Tax purposes is not reasonable.  Even if the IRS in the States requires one to realize gains/losses with every purchase, I think it is likely that much (or at least some) of the rest of the world will not require this, and much of the value of BTC (as a store of value and payment network) will thus remain intact. Thanks again! 
@_date: 2014-01-04 21:51:56
Thank you so much for your quick response. So, you are saying that if I buy silver with dollars, I only realize gains/losses once I sell my silver, but if I buy silver with BTC, I realize the gain/loss at the point I buy silver, and then have to calculate another gain/loss when I sell my silver?  If what you are saying it true, I think it would destroy Bitcoin.  For instance, overstock.com and Netflix are considering accepting BTC later this year.  Can one imagine having to calculate the gain/loss on fractions of bitcoins every time one purchases say a pair a slippers on overstock or if one pays for a $1.99 movie on Netflix?  It would be impossible to do.  BTC is primarily a "payment network" and if there is a tax liability one has to calculate every time one buys something, all of the efficiencies in BTC are out the window and it dies. 