@_author: tomshoe
@_date: 2017-12-16 13:21:39
On the contrary, Librtarian socialism is a subset of socialism; the term libertarian was invented by the socialist  thinker Joseph Dejacque in order to distinguish his ideas from those of other early socialists who he saw as less radical in their critique of capitalism — and thus more authoritarian. He used the term libertarian to distinguish his understanding of liberty from that of contemporary liberals, as liberalsim was seen as antithetical to socialism. 
The modern understanding of the term — what you might cal right liberarianism — emerged much later, but for similar reasons, out of a desire from the right to define their classically liberal ideology without reference to liberalism, which had by that point evolved to become associated with the left in the US — and to a lesser extent elsewhere in the Anglo sphere. 
Nowadays because distinctions between socialists aren't terribly relevant to mainstream politics, the term is primarily identified with the right-libertarianism that emerged later, but it was still used to describe a type of socialism in the original instance. The only thing these two uses of the term really have in common is a desire to express a conception of liberty different from that professed by the liberals of the day. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 13:45:42
The term libertarian was coined by the French socialist Joseph Dejacque in 1857 to describe a socialist conception of liberty that differed from the hegemonic liberalism of the time — what we would call a classical liberalism, which ironically is the intellectual predecessor of libertarianism as we know it today. That understanding of the term has little meaningful left wing heritage, but the term itself absolutely emerged on the left a good century and change before it was ever used to refer to the libertarianism you know. 
@_date: 2017-12-16 13:28:12
There are absolutely people who argue that communism, according to it's original conception, is necessarily anarchic.
The specific term anarcho communism emerged to distinguish this view from other conceptions of communism that were seen as more authoritarianism, but the intellectual tradition predates the term itself, and arguably predates other conceptions of communism.
@_date: 2014-02-27 05:45:36
Hi!