@_author: tomservo69
@_date: 2017-06-17 04:23:27
I have removed most of the virus without writing down file locations and filenames, but I will try to list anything more I find related to this trojan.
- %user%/appdata/roaming/googled/*
- "/pmpzxsdi.vbe (specifically)
- /Windows/installer/13b22ae7.msp
Will add to the list as I find out more.
@_date: 2017-06-17 14:40:27
Already reinstalled. Just trying to find out what caused it.
It's not my daily, I do run suspicious programs in a VM first. This thread is more to try and locate which program came with a trojan and let others know, rather than learning about virus control. The machine has a grand total of 5 applications installed and is pretty much only used for mining.
The trojan came from an official source, which means one of the devs for claymore, cgminer, Pascal wallet, or exodus are including trojan mining applications. Everything was downloaded from official sources.
@_date: 2017-06-18 00:35:47
This trojan installs some pretty nifty hacks that rewrite boot sector 32 so data can be pulled before logging in. It then seems to launch the old install into a venv and runs the mining and possibly other malware in the background. It also means you cannot repair windows without doing a complete reformat.
I use this particular machine for gaming (and mining while I'm at work) and it had a separate windows install on the same drive that became infected, it also infected a network mounted drive. I was able to save the network drive but unfortunately lost my gaming partition, though hopefully was able to backup all the save games successfully.
Only fix for this particular attack was to completely zero out the drive and start over.
After reinstalling I decided to go through each of the programs I had previously installed and try again. The problems started not long after running claymore miner again, but nearly immediately after running nicehash. Had also installed exodus, but didn't get to Pascal yet. I waited around 30 minutes between each install watching perf mon and network activity.
Unfortunately I think I'm going to avoid claymore and nicehash from here on out just to be safe.