@_author: tonedeath
@_date: 2015-11-07 17:43:21


I don't agree with this.
First off, how can you only use a wallet once? The only way I can think of is to transfer money to it and then just leave it there to rot.
Any other use requires that you use a wallet at least twice.
But that is actually all beside the original point. The question isn't whether someone just mining data from the block chain can somehow identify you- it's if I've figured our your public key(s) by any other means then I can start looking at any and all transactions that involve them. And, they are recorded for as long as anyone anywhere keeps the blocks that contain those transactions stored as data somewhere. The implications of every transaction being publicly accessible (potentially) forever may not be a deal breaker but should give serious pause to anyone who really thinks about what that could mean.
@_date: 2015-11-08 21:26:29


Or even a lengthy tome.
@_date: 2015-11-07 17:13:10
I understand all of that. Doesn't stop me from questioning the wisdom of using a system with a public ledger that apparently records every transaction back to the beginning of said system.
@_date: 2015-11-07 16:17:27
What if Satoshi is really the NSA or the CIA or some other government entity? Doesn't it seem a bit uncanny that Bitcoin was apparently proposed in a white paper that had already thought of almost every scenario for making the system work? It could be the work of one person but, it could also be the design of a group that wants to make it easier to track financial transactions.
Oh, sure it seems anonymous enough at first but then stop and think about it. If a public key can be tied to you, then every transaction you've ever done with that/those key(s)  is recorded in the block chain for how long... as long as the system is functioning. The more I think about it, the more it seems like it has the potential to be one of the worst ideas ever- a system sold to us as offering a certain level of anonymity that if it catches on and we're all using it could end up offering much less privacy and anonymity than we already have.
Am I missing something? Do we really want our transactions recorded in a public ledger that is data mine-able by anyone and everyone? I know I could be wrong but, the more I think about it, the more it gives me pause to reconsider how much I want to embrace or use it.
@_date: 2015-11-07 17:16:01


Not according to the article that you're referencing:




@_date: 2017-08-16 13:10:44


If bitcoin continues to function as a rapidly inflating investment commodity it would be good to be aware of that so as to not foolishly spend bitcoin on real world goods and services in order to avoid ending up overpaying for items.
@_date: 2017-08-16 13:07:55


If people want a cryptocurrency that allows them:
* privacy
* lower fees than traditional financial institutions
* short transaction validation times
Any cryptocurrency that can provide this will become more useful than bitcoin for these people because right now bitcoin fails to provide this to most users. At the moment bitcoin is functioning more like a rapidly inflating investment commodity.
@_date: 2017-08-16 12:45:31




You're employing a red herring logical fallacy. The original claim in the White Paper was for a "purely peer to peer financial network". It's not about whether I can send money to my peers. It's about whether I am joining a "purely peer to peer financial network". Clearly the network is not made up of purely peers but of bigger entities who use their size and influence over smaller entities.




Your correct that it is not explicitly stated how much fees will be and it does say there will be fees. However, it seems readily apparent that unless fees are reasonable or less than traditional financial institutions bitcoin loses some of its appeal. I'm fairly confident that this is why so many early promoters of bitcoin made the claim that the fees would be less what we pay the big financial institutions now.




It doesn't have to be about the price in USD of one bitcoin to be relevant to the failures of the ideas laid out in the original White Paper. I was answering a question about how bitcoin is failing to live up to its original intent. The actual question was "what was it trying to achieve". Privacy is its own separate section in the White Paper. It would be ridiculous to not address the potentially massive privacy failure that exists for casual users these days.




Claiming that the goals and desires of the users of any system are less important than the goals and desires of the creators of a system is a strange position to take. Eventually, the desires of the users and promoters of most systems will become more important than those of the creators. But, when you're thinking of using or joining a system it doesn't really matter who is selling you a false bill of goods- you're still being sold a false bill of goods. At any rate, you should always want to know if you're being sold a false bill of goods and whether or not the system still has a use for you or not.
@_date: 2017-08-16 00:17:45


From Satoshi's White Paper:


I am not the peer of an exchange. I am not the peer of a large mining operation. In fact, with the wallet apps on my smart phone, I'm not even the peer of someone operating a full wallet node. As a casual user, I am subservient to and dependent upon all of these entities.


In theory you trust the blockchain and pay little to no fees. In reality you have to trust the developers, the miners, and (for many of us) the exchanges and we've reached a state where the fees are getting ridiculous for many users and transaction times are too long to be useful to many users.




Casual users are not informed of this if they do something like download a wallet app into a smart phone and start transacting with other bitcoin users. Lay the blame where you want but, with a public ledgering system and how things are introduced to casual users, there's little to no real way they could have any expectation of privacy.
These are the failures of claims directly stated in the White Paper.
Then, there are the things that were claimed by bitcoin enthusiasts when I started learning about bitcoin. Things like:
* It will provide cheap banking services to the 3rd world not currently served by financial institutions
* It will make national currencies less important
* It will cost less in fees than traditional financial institutions
* Transactions will be validated quickly enough to facilitate the sales of goods and services like a cup of coffee at a coffee stand
As far as I can tell, none of those claims are coming true.
I don't know what bitcoin will become but I do know that it currently is not a purely peer to peer version of electronic cash that allows two parties to transact with each other without having to trust a third party- not for most users any way. The developers and the big mining operations control the block chain. Most of us are beholden to an exchange to get bitcoins. The fees are outrageous. Transaction times are too slow. Maintaining privacy is not promoted for casual users. Most users are not peers but are little guys dependent on the big guys to get their transactions into the blockchain.
Bitcoin is probably the NCSA Mosaic v1.0 of cryptocurrencies. A brilliant idea with lots of unintended uses and side effects. Remember HTML was supposed to forgo presentation and only be worried about content. How quaint does that notion that seem in today's world?
We'll probably see the emergence of a Netscape Navigator-ish or Internet Explorer-ish version of cryptocurrency in the not too distant future. And just like those 2nd generation browsers had their life span in the evolution of the web, they will also probably be outpaced later by cryptocurrencies that are more adept at being used how cryptocurrencies end up being used- which at the moment seems like bitcoin is primarily used as a rapidly inflating investment commodity. Where in the White Paper is that function laid out? 
In fact, it's stupid to spend bitcoin on anything (especially real world good or services) at the moment. If the price of bitcoins continues to go up and the value of the USD, for instance, continues to remain fairly steady anything you might buy with bitcoin today you'll technically have overpaid for in a week or a month. You should instead just hold onto your bitcoins.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:26:15
I see a lot of irony in the fact that one of the things that has a lot of bitcoin enthusiasts excited these days is its exorbitant value in USD. Doesn't seem to be inline with the original intent of bitcoin at all. It seems obvious that unless corrections are made, some other cryptocurrency will come along and do the things that bitcoin was actually hoping to do.
@_date: 2017-08-15 14:55:08


Would it? If US dollars still buy goods and services for me at nearly the same price in my local economy then, I think if the price of 1 bitcoin reached a trillion dollars it would mean that bitcoin serves a different purpose than what it was trying to achieve.
@_date: 2017-08-16 00:21:10






Thanks for proving my point. :-)
@_date: 2017-08-16 12:47:09
It happens. We all do it from time to time.