@_author: tonicinhibition
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:06:09
Care to take the time to explain why?  I'm looking for motivation, desired effects [of regulators] and actual effects.  Or can you point me to a decent article?
@_date: 2014-01-25 17:58:36
Ah.  I nearly wasted our time here.  If you're the same NanoAkron from the boards then my input isn't going to be of much use.  You've been active in this discussion, your questions have been addressed and only you can really decide if the responses were satisfactory.
I think the real takeaway here is that Hearn is attempting to offload the [possibly unsustainable] cost of issuing and verifying unique identities and to hijack the powerful existing incentives that most governments currently have to keep people from violating that issuing process.  One can draw parallels to Social Security Numbers in the U.S.  Every payment system I've ever used re-purposed these uniquely issued numbers for exactly the same reason.  I've never agreed with that re-purposing.  The resulting widespread incidence of identity theft and fraud should give us pause lest we repeat history.
In short we both understand the motivations and the pitfalls.  I agree that there is a better solution but haven't done the necessary research to propose one.  If I do it will be under a different identity for a variety of reasons.
However therein lies the crux of the issue.  I'm more comfortable speaking on the issue using another identity that belongs to *me*, a single individual.  I have multiple identities with varying levels of clout in various circles.  If Reddit for example wanted to verify that I, and individual, had only one such identity, they would **have** to invoke an external metric of uniqueness.
If the only goal were to make it "expensive" to spin up several identities/nodes then a proof of work would suffice.  However it would have to be something that a typical organization, criminal, or average bot-net could not reasonably perform at scale.  This would almost certainly translate into a high cost-per-identity unit of work and that would make it "expensive" for people to run a node.  You could have a time-to-live for the validity of your node so that the work had to be repeated.  However this sort of work would blur the line between nodes and miners.  The network would become heterogeneous and as with miners, additional incentive would need to exist to ensure that people ran trusted nodes.
To solve this problem we look to the notion of individuality or entity + zero knowledge.  For this to work either the individual needs to put in the one-time effort of registration (proving uniqueness), or an issuer needs to put in that work (issuing unique identity).  This still involves trust.  One could offload that work onto a computer program with the necessary hardware (biometrics, time-stamps, etc) but then we run into your criticism regarding universal access.  In the end we do not currently have a system which is more secure than private keys, and possibly cannot conceive of a system in which we trust the node any more than we trust human desperation/greed.  That is, any human can simply grant the use of their identity for food, money or through extortion.  No *possible* system that I'm aware of can address all of the concerns that have been raised.
So why external?  We need the the concept of entities.  Think about it.  Even though we both "proved" our identity via password to Reddit, how can anyone else here know that NanoAkron and TonicInhibition aren't the same person?  I know what you're going to say, I thought of that too.  Now ask: How could they know our distinct computers aren't under control of the same individual?
EDIT: typo
@_date: 2014-03-07 07:01:07
Shirley, you're joking.
@_date: 2014-01-20 00:17:07
Additionally creating a separate entity which accepts cash and hands that off to third party digital instrument systems via an ATM would be a very good way to ensure that the legals side of it works out.  It would be a huge problem if the government decided to seize the machines based on some vague money exchanging label when all you're really looking to do is secure payment in / payment out.
EDIT: more precise wording
@_date: 2014-01-21 01:51:50
Thank you kindly!  Here's a [chart]( I found regarding Bitcoin's inflation rate.
@_date: 2014-03-07 06:28:42
Roger, Bitcoin - and stop calling us bitches.
@_date: 2014-02-17 22:58:31
`REINDEX --verify-sig-full &lt;table_index_name&gt;`
@_date: 2014-01-26 21:03:13
Yes, you are right.  Verifying people is just one way of approaching the problem.  Web of Trust, CA, etc, these are all methods.
The problem with switching viewpoints is that it's an unsolvable problem.  Governments can turn on citizens.  Girlfriends can cheat on you 10 years in.  Businesses can run away with your money.  That's life.
@_date: 2014-02-05 20:57:14
Ah, I think I misinterpreted the screenshot.  Do each of the names under "Relayed by" refer to a member of a single mining pool?  I was under the impression each player was acting alone.
@_date: 2014-01-26 20:59:34
Sorry if this is short, I'm a bit pressed for time today.
1.  This is a rather standard attack.  It's as severe as the victim allows it to be, and it depends on how determined the attack really is.  The attack he described in the video is a variation on one of the most common scenarios out there, which is why he's surprised he hasn't seen it yet.
2. The solution works, it just isn't perfect.  The idea is to keep asshole scammers from doing this as they please.  Is it government proof?  Is it organized crime proof?  No, but neither is locking your front door.  Most people lock their doors.  Currently we have no locks in place.
3. That's an interesting idea but it simply doesn't solve the problem.  Attacker spins up a thousand nodes and keeps them running.  If he's controlling someone's traffic, he sends it on another port and triggers a script.  Suddenly the same node you connected to last time lies to you this time.  Easy as pie.  Also we're talking about a large P2P network.  The strength is that it is a decentralized, distributed, dynamic, evolving and growing network.  If I go to Europe, I still want to use Bitcoin.
I think perhaps you're just misunderstanding the passports themselves.  They have embedded private keys that do not lend themselves to being copied or hoarded.  It's added security, that's all.  It's just locking your front door.
@_date: 2014-01-20 05:32:19
That's kind of a contrived use case.  The issuer of a colored coin would likely be known or wish to be known.  Think of it like stocks, where each coin may represent a share in some company.  I may buy stocks from someone based on the market value of that company at any given time without worrying at all whether the person who sold me the stock is known or trustworthy.  It all comes down to the issuer.
If I issued coins and said it was backed by my large stash of gold, nobody would trade USD or BTC for those coins because nobody trusts my reserve - even if I really did have a large stash of gold in a safe.  An issuer would have to build trust and maintain trust, typically by trading *actual* gold for the instrument in question or providing a similar guarantee.
Let's say I give five of my coins to people in payment for something, and each coin represents an ounce of gold.  Everyone gets angry and says that doesn't work for them.  So I say "Hey, I'll buy that coin from you for an ounce of gold", or I point them to an open exchange where I place a bid for that gold.  Then everyone ends up with gold and maybe they have a little more trust in my reserve.
This kind of trust is very hard to bootstrap.  I could have *only* had 5 ounces of gold in my safe, or I may simply stop buying the coins back on demand.  The moment trust begins to wane there will be a *run* - everyone will start trying to pass their coins back to me for gold.  This is what used to happen to American banks when people suspected that the bank did not have the assets to cover their deposits.
One type of solution for that is a guarantee from a trusted third party like a government, who *does* have the gold or *will* provide you with the currency you desire, or *will* accept those coins as payment for taxes.  In this case the article describes using BTC in an escrow account as the guarantee of liquidity and value.  Another sort of guarantee would be a public electronic vault of gold that granted you an ounce of gold each time you transferred one of the coins to the machine's address.
Imagine that the machine was built and stocked with gold by a contracted third party.  Imagine that the source code for the machine was in the public domain.  Imagine that someone like BRINK's verified the contents of the vault weekly.  You can see how an anonymous user could issue a trusted currency.  You may also see how digital versions of these parties and machines could serve the same purpose.
@_date: 2014-01-25 12:07:58
Passport is a word that can be substituted with several other, possibly as-of-yet unoriginated identifiers.  The important thing is the proof math.  It's far more important that even Bitcoin with political implications.
EDIT: Certainty
@_date: 2014-01-04 01:12:25
How delightfully odd.  Great catch for a domain name, too!
I just saw got to see an enigma machine at a spy exhibit the other day.  Exciting stuff.  Who exactly will be your target audience?  Is this for confused laymen or programmers?  Is the book a comic or is the comic a gimmick? 
@_date: 2014-01-21 00:47:22
What's too low?  Demand?
@_date: 2014-02-05 12:30:14
Is the size of the block independent of the time it takes to find a valid nonce?  That is, does the time needed to verify transactions and hash them act against you in the race to find the next block, or is it negligible?
@_date: 2014-01-25 12:46:35
Do you have a link to the research?  I found [this]( but it appears to be only half the length he references.  If there's something more comprehensive I would like to read it.
EDIT: [Found it](  Oddly enough the link was purple.  This will change the world, over and above Bitcoin.
@_date: 2014-03-21 21:08:58
It was the Internet Bank of Nigeria.
Holy shit I just read the rest of your comment.
@_date: 2014-11-07 13:56:03
I've never officially done it, except to watch closely and try to learn as more senior devs work.
What do you mean by "done decently"?
@_date: 2014-01-21 09:56:44
I remember watching an argument about this on an economics subreddit that went on far too long.  The consensus was it sucks that the same word is used for two things.  I should know better by now I suppose.
[Here's]( an interesting read.
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:47:25
Hardly.  You could use a mobile phone network to complete a transaction in an area where ATM location may not have internet access or payment gateways of any sort.  Bitcoin is global.
@_date: 2013-12-14 00:33:25
*Real* programmers use butterflies.
@_date: 2013-12-18 21:12:01
Perhaps I don't understand what Coinbase is.  Was OP buying directly from them, or entering an open market?
@_date: 2013-11-14 04:56:00
To be fair, I don't want to start messing with transaction fees until he's read *Sam's Teach Yourself Game Programming in 24 Hours* at least three times.
@_date: 2013-11-17 22:02:20
What would happen if instead of considering BTC to be a good, we were considering it to be a currency like any other?
For instance, if I purchased a foreign currency with USD, and that currency rose in value against the US dollar due to a weakening of the dollar, would my gains be considered "unrealized"?
I know that we pay taxes in interest and that those taxes are due when the interest is paid, but I don't know if that applies.  How are currency traders taxed?
@_date: 2013-11-10 19:44:42
Sounds interesting.  I assume the hash contains signed transaction information of some sort.  How do you handle the price variability?  Are you locking them into a going rate at deposit time via transaction time-stamp or do they have to accept a future rate when they access the website?
@_date: 2013-11-14 05:14:06
Can you go into a little more detail on this?  I read about imposing size limits on blocks to "keep things decentralized".  I expected that this referred only to the number of transactions contained in a block.  Is the number of transactions per block fixed or variable?
Also, what determines the size of the transaction?  Is the variability dominated by the message field or the input/output information, or something else entirely?