@_author: tonscot
@_date: 2014-10-17 03:52:09
BitOcean is doing two-way ATM. I haven't seen one in person but I like their products a lot. It has that professional look (black, slick) and looks like a real ATM. Lamassau is cute and small (space efficient) but does not strike me as an ATM.
I would like to see Lamassau to move to two-way, then it will give BitOcean some serious competition.  
@_date: 2014-10-17 03:34:41
Actually this started over the summer. I think Family Mart wasn't ready to do a press release so they waited until two months later. 
I tried the Family Mart yesterday and my feelings are mixed. It is good that you can buy with cash and don't have to deal with wire transfer, but it is rather inconvenient. I have to operate on three different platforms to complete my transaction: Family Mart Machine, Family Mart Counter, and Mobile Phone. If you don't have a smart phone, you are out of luck. Of course we know that most people have smartphones, so this may not be a big issue.
This is not an instant buy and you cannot lock in your rate. For volume trading, I much rather prefer Maicoin. It is similar to Coinbase. The only drawback is they don't have a mobile app now and they still require ATM transfer. But the exchange rate is a lot better than Family Mart.
I guess main users in Taiwan are the ones who understand Bitcoin well. So Family Mart seems to be more suited for first timers who want to experiment it. If I want to buy small amount of BTC with cash, I can use Family Mart. But if I want to buy a 10 or 20 BTC, I will use an exchange site like Maicoin since carrying large sum of Cash to Family Mart is inconvenient. 
@_date: 2015-05-26 02:25:25
Rebecca Lynn, a VC, just said bitcoin is going to fade away in the future. That is her prediction. I still believe in Bitcoin but this is so discouraging, especially coming from a prominent VC figure like her. What do you guys think?
Don't we need another prominent figure to counter her?
@_date: 2015-02-11 02:13:36
it's important to come forward and clarify. People who aren't careful can confuse the two brands because of the spelling. 
I think one thing that people should have noticed about MyCoin.hk from the beginning is that they guarantee a return of investment. In the investment world this will always raise a flag. No one, not even Warren Buffett himself, can make a guarantee on return of investment. I think this incident reveals a huge weakness in the human nature, greed. 
People should always make sure they understand what they are investing in. Bitcoin price is volatile, but that is NOT the reason why these people lost money. They lost money because of the pyramid scheme, which can happen regardless of the volatility. 
