@_author: tony707
@_date: 2016-04-14 22:39:59
Senator Feinstein is literally a Nestle Crunch Bar. We keep them around, no one likes them, and they're a useless excuse for what they should be. 
@_date: 2014-03-05 01:18:50
404! 
@_date: 2015-08-05 22:27:58
FUCKKKKKKK paypal. 
Story time:
I sold my first gen iPad on ebay when it was still the new hotness because I needed money to pay for tuition. I sold it with accessories for like $600. I shipped it fedex with signature tracking to the address on the buyers paypal account. (It was a business paypal account, with a business address in Los Angeles, I'm in Northern California) I get confirmation that the package was signed for, he writes me and says thank you, leaves positive feedback. I transfer the $ to my checking account...
13 days after i get the money they pull the money back out because now he says he didn't get his iPad. I sent the emails, the fedex del. confirmation, screenshots of the positive feedback and him saying thank you.... fedex confirmation "wasnt legable". Apparently its my responsibility to know that paypal doesn't cover transactions sent to business's because he said one of his employee's stole the iPad before he ever saw it. Long story short, I got fucked, double fucked actually... because I had to buy the iPad, then I had to pay for it again, plus $45 shipping and ebay fees when I sold it. He also pulled this scam on 3 other people who sold him iPads within about 2 months of it happening to me. I know this because I tracked them down through his ebay account and their outcomes were all the same as mine. We even rallied together on a conference call to paypal one time and the customer service dude was an asshole told us we should have done our due-diligence and known how to protect ourselves... because thats' easier than making the wrong right... needless to say we all ended up eating the money and had no ipad's'. 
tl;dr 
i hate paypal because they are shady, and the guy who got my iPad for free by exploiting a paypal loophole is a fucking douche-bag.