@_author: tonyrayo
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:18:32
This is correct.  A hot wallet is commonly used by exchanges, mining pools and other services where there is continuous activity (whether this involves depositing or withdrawing Bitcoins).  If all money went directly into a cold wallet/cold storage, then it would slow down the ability to pay out and receive Bitcoins (from 10 minutes up to an hour due to insertion into new blocks).  Also when dealing with numerous transactions on a daily basis, you would lose money in transactions fees, since the Bitcoin network sees all transfers as the same (i.e. it doesn't matter if a hot wallet and a cold wallet has the same owner as it has no knowledge of this connection).
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:29:34
There are different services setup to handle different parts of the world.  In fact Europeans in general have the easiest (or perhaps I should say "quickest") time when it comes to transferring funds from a bank account into Bitcoin or vice versa.
If you are looking for a place simply to buy or sell Bitcoins, I would recommend [BTC-e](  They are Russian-based but very European-friendly when it comes to transferring funds.  As far as European merchant services, I believe [BIPS]( is the largest and most popular, however I do not follow this topic closely.
@_date: 2014-03-10 18:34:32
I think that's a great idea (and something that I do would use as I have been in similar situations).  Beyond that there is the possibility of making donation information public and possibly even setting bounties for improving a page.  I know that there was talk of hiring (but not disclosing) people that would be paid by the foundation to work on pages; this could attract a new group of contributors/editors that otherwise might not spend their time improving Wikipedia.
@_date: 2014-03-10 17:59:56
I understand that the ethos of providing free services to charities is an attractive one (and one in which I support and would like to see Coinbase adopt as well), however with all merchant accounts not requiring to pay a fee until they have already completed $1,000,000 in transactions, this will remain a moot issue for many.
Since you are already using Coinbase (and unless you have been making some big $$$ trades), I would encourage you to stick with them just for simplicity sake.  That being said, if you do choose to use BitPay, they do offer multiple merchant configurations from a simple HTML copy/paste to integration with existing as well as custom payment backends.
@_date: 2013-04-30 08:36:14
Yeah, thx pitchbend, I still have the old addresses active (as my address is floating around in forms which I'm not privy to edit), however I have marked them as "Possibly Compromised" and have created new addresses for various projects/tasks =).
@_date: 2013-04-26 03:38:49
Ah thank you, I went back and re-read some of the replies to 0x444's post and indeed if I type  it does not give me the option to "Download Backup" (I used my primary browser to test this at first so I did receive the option, however when tested on another computer in which I have never logged into Blockchain with, it did not).
Do you know when this feature was implemented though?  I have actually used 2fa via Google's Auth app since day 1, however if this was not in place on 4/11 then my data could be out there.  I have rather secure primary and secondary passwords (almost annoying so =p), and although not all of my bitcoin addresses are public knowledge, I am currently holding less than 50$ USD in bitcoins on that account right now across all addresses in use.
**Edit**: Well there must be a trend going on, as now in the security section there is an option to block access to those using TOR IP addresses that I know wasn't there the last time I checked.  At least it seems that Blockchain is being reactive (although hopefully we can have some additional proactive activity as well).  I know that sadly this is coming too late for some.