@_author: toocontroversial_4u
@_date: 2015-12-06 18:28:44
I live in Greece and I can say that there never was much interest for bitcoin. The community isn't big and didn't get any bigger during the capital controls crisis. There never was too much interest. I read a lot of articles from non-Greek media outlets implying that Greek people would soon start getting sick of the entire banking sector. Well, turns out that even after the worst case scenario took place there wasn't as much panic as some implied. 
Due to the crisis there's a lot of demand for gold and a market for it was spawned. Ever since 2012 or even little earlier gold appraisal stores have started replacing closed businesses in town centers. People are going there to sell wedding gifts and other valuables they'd been hoarding for years, below their actual value. Just for access to money. 
There was also a trust problem with banks but I'd say it was only for Greek banks. This was reflected by the fact that people were sending money to banks of other countries at record rates. 
Now for the capital controls... The government has been surprisingly successful with them. They kind of surprised everyone including Greeks when they brought the capital control measures and to this day those measures are very successful at smashing PoS tax avoidance, money laundering, as well as money leaving the country and electronic bill paying is also on the rise. Of course, capital controls are actually hurting the already small bitcoin economy in Greece as people aren't able to buy bitcoins. Plus, now with capital controls every adult Greek has to receive/complete at least some electronic payments through bank services. The elderly are still trying to figure non-cash payments out, bitcoin would sound outlandish to them lol. 
tl;dr there never was much interest, not much to do with BTC as a Greek too. Capital controls came in suddenly and killed the vibe, Greeks still aren't seeking alternatives to the banking sector. No one tried to introduce Greeks to bitcoin, no companies invested in it's potential in Greece despite all the talk. 
@_date: 2018-08-27 13:29:37
Note that Google search results can be personalized and/or localized so there's a chance not everybody can get this yet. 
@_date: 2016-02-20 18:09:39
Buzzwords are good for Bit-Coin because they shield it from mass adoption. 
@_date: 2018-11-17 15:24:57
I find this to be relevant to the discussion related to scaling. Some propagandist try to play it out as SegWit is bad for decentralization and say that it goes against Satoshi's vision. 
If you want Satoshi's vision, read through the [original footprint that he left]( 