@_author: toolbox1227
@_date: 2018-12-28 14:33:48
\&gt;  who said the adoption is going to/need to happen in the US? 
Uhh, not me? In fact, apart from you asking that question the implication never even came up.
@_date: 2018-12-28 14:23:32


Yes, I suppose I am.
 \&gt;  People in your social buble do not know about bitcoin because there is no need for them to go and learn all of it. 
Isn't that counter-intuitive to the idea about Bitcoin? There is every need for them to go an learn it. But it won't happen with Bitcoin in it's current state. Maybe in a few more years when it is usable as a currency in the commercial market.
\&gt; Something about privilege 
Righto chap, cheerio.
@_date: 2018-12-28 09:38:34
$600 a week if I include Alts. $300 per week into Bitcoin. $300 into Alts. I've essentially turned Cryptocurrency into my main saving account. Although it's annoying because I hardly buy anything with it. Most I spend on goods with Cryptocurrencies is maybe around $200 a year. So it's basically just a store of value for me at this stage. Wish I could buy groceries and fast food with it.
@_date: 2018-12-28 10:11:04
If I get so ill that I can't work I'm screwed with or without my savings. But I suppose if such a scenario or similar happened I would have to get on social welfare for a start, sell my car, probably sell a few other belongings. I could get by for about six months that way.
If somehow I was still too sick to work after six months? Then I'm probably dying anyway and wouldn't worry about it. ;\_;
@_date: 2018-12-28 14:15:52
Why do you think this? If Google launched a currency, and advertised it from their home page in a similar manner to Google Chrome it could and likely would reach hundreds of millions of people in the space of a week. If they launched it with all the great infrastructure in place for it to be a great currency, with many of the features and potential features being tested and theorized about cryptocurrency - what would prevent it from succeeding?
I remember when IE and Firefox had the majority of the browser share and google Chrome didn't even exist. Today it has about 65% of the market. I don't doubt that a company with this kind of leverage could disrupt the market in such a way that Bitcoin could become potentially worthless. I'm genuinely interested in your opinion and why you think a "Google Coin" or something along those lines would be as spectacular a failure as Google+.
@_date: 2018-12-28 13:42:44
\&gt;  the bullshit you are paddling is quite disrespectful to all the people contributing to the protocol. 
What bullshit? And how? It's just my opinion. You seem overly emotional about this. I'm not intending any disrespect and it only indicates some preconceived hostility on your part that you construed such an interpretation.
@_date: 2018-12-28 09:49:27
So, what's happening with bakkt? Is that still due for an early 2019 working implementation? I keep hearing and reading different things about it. The continuing bear market doesn't have me phased at all and I'm continuing to accumulate on a weekly basis.
It's been funny following 4chan's /biz/ board during this bear market. Nothing but doom and gloom and then "to the moon" when there's the slightest hint of a percentage rise. Kind or reminds me of somewhere actually...
2019 is going to be an interesting year. With some luck Bitcoin will actually become usable as a currency. I feel like Bitcoin might never make it though, and is simply in the same field of idealism that Linux has been in for a lifetime. "Year of the Linux Desktop" has been a theme for as long as I can remember, and I'd been involved in that seen for over ten years. Although I suppose "Year of Linux" did come in the end with Android and Chrome OS. Not how anyone originally envisioned or hoped for though.
I have a feeling Bitcoin could be due for the same fate, and something like a "Google Coin" or "Facebook Coin" or Amazon, Apple, Microsoft "Coin" will reach a higher adoption than Bitcoin and warp the original vision for it. If Bitcoin scene has been any indicator, it is driven by greed more than by idealism.
Either way, 2019 is going to be an interesting year. I still believe in the idealism behind it thanks to having read "The Internet of Money" by AA. But I don't know how likely it is that Bitcoin itself will be the success we want it to be. A blockchain based currency is inevitable, much the same way Cars replaced horses, the internet replaced the phone network, and electric lighting replaced gas lamps - But much like Edison won out over Nikola Tesla, Bitcoin could fail in a similarly spectacular fashion. It wouldn't surprise me one bit.
@_date: 2018-12-13 11:51:32
So replace video game terminology with crypto, and it looks very similar:
 ***In 2018,  the cryptocurrency market crashed in America due to over saturation. Everybody  was jumping into the cryptocurrency trend and providing their own cryptocurrencies and  coins. There was little to no regulation.*** ***And  many companies joined in just to cash in on the cryptocurrency craze. The  market was flooded, and the quality of these coins were garbage.*** 
@_date: 2018-12-28 14:02:43
Well, for starters I can't go to the local grocery store and purchase butter and bread with it. It's price is incredibly volatile, and hasn't been adopted by the public at large. It's not exactly "easy to use" for the layman either. For example my mother, father, siblings and coworkers - and probably their friends too - have very little idea about how to obtain Bitcoin, let alone use it.
So, generally speaking, it's far from being usable as a currency. If it was usable as a currency; I'd be paying my bills with it and using it to do the grocery shopping, fueling and servicing my car, and all myriad of other things I use money for.
This is what I mean by it not being usable as a currency. And I'm optimistic that services like Bakkt will lead to a wider adoption as well as services that make this more accessible.