@_author: toomuchcoffee90
@_date: 2018-11-07 17:36:15
Hublots are trashy for people with too much money and no class.
@_date: 2019-01-08 21:10:06
There are a ton of legitimate reasons for all of those checks, and a lot of them relate to making sure the funding is not coming from some criminal enterprise...
And the withdrawal limits are set based on specific criteria set to your individual account so there can be some semblance of stability across the insititutions. Nothing is stopping you from taking all of your money elsewhere at once, but we should ask questions when someone is attempting to shuffle around millions of dollars for apparently no reason.
@_date: 2019-01-09 16:38:24
In the first paragraph of your original post you use the checks and limitations placed on bank accounts to argue in favour of a system that doesn't have the same barriers.
So how would they implement the same level of checks and balances without eliminating the idea central to Bitcoin and maintaining anonymity? 
While your dream version of this system would no doubt make it easier for good people to operate, it would proportionally make it just as easy for the bad actors to operate. It's a criminal enterprises wet dream. No borders, no checks.
There's also an issue of taxation and many other barriers to mass adoption. 
Blockchain based economy is not the same thing as a Bitcoin based economy, lets not conflate the two shall we.
@_date: 2019-01-09 14:07:18
It's a pointless system so we should stop checking the source of income or where money is flowing to and from?
The system is comprised of people. Some of them good and some of them bad, but you're acting like a fifteen year old who just saw the Matrix for the first time and wants to burn it all down.
And criminals should be pursued indefinitely. You should not be able to let people engaged in human trafficking benefit financially from it without repercussion, which is essentially the point you're making here. Just because there are parts of the system that don't function well doesn't mean there aren't good parts to it.
You're repeating a common sentiment here, but it isn't realistic.
@_date: 2019-01-09 18:15:56
You're under the impression that I disagree with you about the utility of Blockchain; I do not. 
I disagree with you about the feasibility of mass adoption of the current application of Blockchain in something like Bitcoin. 
There is a level of technological sophistication that is required to even begin to understand how all of this works, and understanding it is key for people to begin to place trust in a new system.
Not to mention all of these massive financial institutions will be absolutely opposed to introducing this. The current model is functional and familiar to people, and I think that's going to be a key point in the fight for some kind of universal digital currency.
It's still unclear to me if you're defending Bitcoin itself or the application of Blockchain to existing systems. Seems to me they are looking toward different futures.
@_date: 2018-12-17 20:34:47
I never claimed it affects the actual value of it, but the adoption. Two different things.
If nobody understands how to use it or what it is, it doesn't matter how incredible it is. It needs to be relatable, aquirable and easily understood to the average person.
People tend toward the path of least resistance, which right now is fiat currency. Easily understood, aquired and familiar. 
@_date: 2018-12-17 18:40:22
The biggest barrier I see to mass adoption is that it still requires a good understanding of what it is, and also how the technology functions.
My parents, brother, sister, cousins...people outside of the sphere of Bitcoin don't really understand it, nor do they really want to spend the time to. For most people traditional fiat currency is already functional enough for them.
Buying and selling, or using Bitcoin requires a degree of sophistication currently that I believe is mostly above the head of an average person. The differences between hard and soft wallets, or the idea that there is no insurance policy - once the key is lost there is no way to get it back... These kinds of technical specific knowledge are a general barrier to everyday people casually adopting it as a means of transaction.
@_date: 2018-12-05 17:25:03
Something about this thread and the responses here are very suspect. Also, treating almost five million dollars in such a calm manner... And some of the accounts that are supporting him (also in broken English)... This feels like there is something fradulent here and he's trying to play the victim.