@_author: toothpick5
@_date: 2014-02-02 05:53:24
Probably related to the recent discovery of mining malware infections. Virus scanners look for any code designed to hash bitcoin. Thats the only way to stop 0-day malware bots from hijacking every cpu on the net... I just wish antivirus would take an offensive position and tell you what pool/address is getting the coins ;) 
@_date: 2014-05-10 20:56:59
umm.. but...  HeartBLEED existed for 6+ years before being found. Which only highlights the counter-argument. Maybe because many "diligent volunteers" can/do hack as well.  they, like every human being, must have some sort of compensation for their time. Maybe if there was a standard payment model for OS programmers, less would have to make the decision: to fix a discovered vulnerability for...?  or to use it/sell it to feed their family... 
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:18:52
I never indicated this applied to everyone. In fact, this post started as more of a question (hence the "?"). I just saw this for the first time as I was leaving for work and threw up this post to see if anyone else was having Bitstamp holds. 
I've always had 2FA and been a verified member for almost 3 years now. Everything is up to date, I made a withdraw less than 6 hours ago. I have contacted them just this morning. Awaiting a reply. I did setup a new API/client last night so maybe that triggered something. 
I'm all for security but, without instructions or an explanation, my funds have just suddenly been hijacked by a message stating in effect: "No!" Which is exactly what happened to my MtGox account 2 weeks before they held everyones withdraws. So, it's very disconcerting to me. However, I am not, in any way, "accusing" Bitstamp of anything besides the obvious: they are refusing to allow withdraw of my last few coins... Whatever their reason, I prefer to remain in charge of my own money and it's associated risk. Thats why I use bitcoin. I take offence when any entity claims I am not allowed... But I understand that is an unrealistic expectation when using any online wallet. 
Top notch security isn't always a pleasant experience. So, I commend Bitstamp for taking no chances with my coins. As a suggestion to Bitstamp: Consider providing some information in your denial message as to  WHY I am no longer able to withdraw. A few extra words of instruction and purpose would have saved me a great deal of frustration this morning.
I will post back once I hear from Bitstamp... Hopefully it will be quickly resolved without me faxing over another 200 official documents... 
I'm just speaking my mind man. My first bitcoin cost $1 and I am still an avid supporter. But, today I am going back to fiat and I wanted to state why. I'm not asking anyone to agree with, or follow me! I'm sure only my exceptional bad luck could have lead to me being in EVERY wrong place at EVERY wrong time! But I'm not exaggerating about my losses. SO MANY hits! Over 100 BTC lost, less than 10 remaining (on hold),  it's clear that I am cursed and require much insurance! Not just my money, ex. I hit a HORSE on the interstate and totaled my only car last week! Top that shit! No, I am an isolated special case cursed to a life of constant misfortune. Public be not alarmed. I am an experienced, professional fuck-up!
@_date: 2014-04-17 10:10:46
I am fluent in both.  issue with Ubuntu/Limux: the desktop apps just aren't up to par. N++ is perfect example! There is nothing close to it available for Linux that Ive found. I will slap the hell out of anyone telling me to use vi or even nano... Umm, no. Those are great for small scripts over SSH. For REAL work on millions of lines of code in various languages N++ is a Godsend! 
Thx OP, donated 
@_date: 2014-04-20 13:32:14
Wow! You are stunning and speak beautifully! I know you speak the truth about your brother. From interviews and his personal views, dreams and achievements for free society. I truly respect him! He made the world a better place! And I say that honestly without having ever used SR, personally technology and advancement of society are my addictions! Ive never uaed a drug that was better,  or improved my functions at that. But SR was not about the products to me... It was a demonstration of TRUE humam freedom.  Society CAN work thia way and one day i think it will. Ross took a bold, HUGE first step of a global march that will forever change the world... 
On a more serious note: I have instantly fallen in love with you! Not joking here! Totally serious! First time Ive felt something for a total stranger on a video! I can hear it in your voice and see it in your eyes. You are a beautiful soul! Are you single? Lol, of course not! 
@_date: 2014-02-03 06:57:55
I looked over the script real quick. It appears that all it does is format the USB drive, then copy a binary MBR file? (w/backdoors?)
Seems the only work is actually only detailed in the README file where it says to "make Ubuntu bootable USB drive with unetbootin software".... Wait... Why did I need the script then? unetbootin will format/configure the USB drive for us including a perfect MBR. So, the only reason we need your website/script/README is to give us a unetbootin created Ubuntu bootable USB flash drive with the only difference being your custom binary MBR? 
People, unless I am missing something here, the ONLY logical purpose to this distro is to install a low level MBR embedded backdoor. What other reason could there possibly be for cloning a custom MBR to the USB before running unetbootin? If it's not a backdoor, what on earth does that MBR accomplish? You certainly cannot disable networking, increase security or do anything else helpful with a MBR......?
Besides this, none of the script, instructions or anything seem to do a single thing to disable or prevent networking or anything else that would make this a "offline" or "secure" distro!
My final question/concern: Why do you instruct us to install the NVIDIA driver package? It's huge, often breaks perfectly working Ubuntu installs, is NOT open-source as you claimed all software was, violates their license, is ENTIRELY pointless for any Ubuntu system, especially a "cold storage wallet" and it's is VERY unlikely that nearly every computer booting this will not have a NVIDIA GPU anyway! 
So... Lets review your README (besides MBR, all this package is):
-format the usb key with  MS-DOS (FAT32) filesystem
   **WHY??? Next step will do that...
-Use unetbootin to download Ubuntu live x64 and write iso to key with 1500MB persistent storage
   **Okay, great idea but, what did I need this package for???
-Modify sysconfig and grub files as desired
   **WHY? Previous step should do all this for us...
-Use dd to write mbr.bin to the key (master boot record)
   ***HOLD UP, WHAT?? WHY?! WTH is that gonna do?? 2nd step        handles the MBR if needed, which almost never should be. ***
-Make partition active
   **WHY? 2nd step does this!! 
-Download NVIDIA drivers, libnautilus-gksu.so, openjdk-7-jre + dependencies, multibit, chrome + dependencies, bitcoinpaperwallet and verify checksums for all downloads
   **Okay... I was expecting your "script" to just do that... WTH is this?
-Create a folder called install_apps on the root of the usb key and put all downloads in there
   **I don't need any apps on my "offline cold storage" but, thanks bc I would be totally lost without this to guide me thru putting an app on Ubuntu! This method beats "Software Center / Install" anyday! 
-boot up the system from the key (or in VM using plop)
   **Umm, what did I just make? Did I miss something? Where is the "offline" or the "security" or the "cold" or even the "easily" you mentioned?
I hope I am wrong and missing something obviously beneficial in this package. Will someone please take a 2nd look at this?
Otherwise... I strongly suggest:
*******DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS! It appears to be nothing more than a low level, boot sector backdoor (or something naughty) ********
Somebody prove me wrong please, so I can delete this post. Honestly, I would hate to be right this time. Hopefully this is nothing more than a lame attempt at begging for donations... If so, seriously people, just download unetbootin and use it to download/install a legitimate official copy of Ubuntu + Multibit and you've got the same thing. BUT, that is by no means a "secure offline cold storage" system. You will very much be automatically logged online over any unsecured WiFi within reach of whatever system you boot with this USB... :/ 
@_date: 2014-04-21 11:04:11
Don't you know you are breaking the law? You are not using your technology the way they Apple intended! Didn't they make that (jailbreaking) illegal? A few years back? Good lord I hope your not using a non-Apple USB... I mean.... "lightening"  charge cable! As an Apple user, you must know by now that are obligated to purchase all technology exclusively from Apple. They created all existing, and patented all future technology. Nevermind the fact that  Samsung, makes most of the gear inside... Ijunk...  Just the easy things tho, like the CPU,  Memory and their displays. What REALLY matters, color, social status, price markup and most of all, the systematic destruction of any "free market" besides theirs... You just cant beat apple for all that
@_date: 2014-05-10 01:21:40
Just what I've always wanted!
@_date: 2014-02-02 06:12:00
You do it from a Ubuntu live CD or, even virtualbox. Ive always done mine this way. Just print and reboot. Nothing is ever written to the hard drive at all making recovery impossible.
@_date: 2014-04-30 04:06:50
I just noticed this feature today in my wallet for the first time. Very cool! My silly and gets better with every release and is exactly what I have always dreamed of in a wallet app, EXCEPT :  you have to meet in person to trade. Like LocalBitcoins... This is a revolutionary DIGITAL currency and we have to obtain it off the streets like hookers and crack?! No wonder people think its a con, scheme or shady when they first learn of it... Ive been telling people for years. First response is always the same: "bitcoin? What is that?" after explaining, they are intrigued but highly skeptical and reluctant. Next question, which usually seals their opinion: "where do you get them?" Now,  if I say, "you buy it with cash, i person, in secret, from street dealers if you can find one." ... Lol... Conversation over.
 There's only one other thing that is obtained in this manner on earth! We all know what that is! And then we wonder why people associate bitcoins with drugs and illegal black markets!
This street dealer mentality has got to go! Enough with local bitcoins and these local trade dealers! I have nothing against it, but for people to push this message as the way it should be done is holding back the entire currency! It should be obtained in a professional manner from a respected company such as coinbase. 
Besides that, the nearest buyer or seller listed is over 300 miles away from me here in the middle of America's asshole 
@_date: 2014-02-03 02:48:26
The ONLY reason ppl aren't running in terror from the wretched filth that is Cryptsy: The massive void of ANY alternative site. So sad, so much money to be made, desperate traders willing to pay 3x cryptsy's record high, insulting fees... Just waiting for some kid to make a comparable exchange that's not hosted on an old cell phone, not coded in crayons/napkins and offers all the same currency pairs. Nobody comes even close to offering even half of the available currencies Cryptsy does. There are way too many coins for traders to use multiple exchanges. It has to be ONE place. And that place must have a vast majority of the global alt-coin volume. I guarantee that Cryptsy volume would drop to dead -0 the very day a competitor goes live. I've never seen such a hated, yet essential website in my life! I have lost SO MUCH money yelling at the unresponsive buy/sell page just watching thousands of $ in coins fly by while Cryptsy considers posting my order submitted 17 minutes ago. But when busy, like ALWAYS during HOT times when it burns the most, Cryptsy will just wait until the load calms down, then list your order FAR above or below current resulting in either unstoppable losses or having to spend the next 45 minutes waiting on "cancel" to work so you can start over again... Im ranting but, I really have needed to give a well earned 
"FUCK YOU" to Cryptsy for costing me over $1000 today alone because the useless asstard of a webmaster is too fucking brain dead to use a mf scale-able VPS service like every other half decent website with occasional traffic!!! Again, FUCK YOU! *** TOP NOTCH ASSHOLE: CRYPTSY***   
&lt;---SCALE UP YOUR SHIT, or just DIE MF!---&gt;       
@_date: 2014-04-21 11:18:23
So, i have all that gear but never use it, I use Android, Windows and Linux (own tech store, hate apple but am forced to deal with them) im trying to figure out what this solves? Couldn't you just stick a $3 usb wifi stick in your rigs then throw some widgets on your home screen that show the stats? Or a remote desktop app if you want? I have my farm showing on every tv, laptop, tablet and phone screen at my home and the office... Anyone with a wireless network can do this right now right? So, what is the point here? Just that you used all overpriced Apple stuff? Am i missing the point? 
@_date: 2014-02-25 08:54:27
I lost 5 btc there myself. however, I will gladly donate to this! This community will survive if we stand behind each other! And personally, despite losing over half my total btc to gox, I believe in crypto and am here to stay!!
@_date: 2014-04-17 10:55:04
I agree with the UI stuff but performance wise, w8 gets it done just as fast, if not faster. I see W8 as a terrible tragedy for MS. Trying to force touchscreen tech on everyone is downright stupid! No hints on how to use the fucker had me stuck in the Metro BS for hours trying to find a way out. 
But, after being forced to watch youtube tutorials on how to navigate W8 (ohh the shame! 20+ years in IT system+network administration and bachelor's in programming, watching kids show me how to use menus with tears in my eyes), I actually found that I could do some things quicker! Like the rightclick bottom left menu on desktoo... Life changing!!! Then W8.1 came out and really became clear they are back on the right track! Try W8.1 my friend, it should have been called W9. My off to desktop boot time is literally 4 seconds now!! I have hundreds of old hard drives all over the place. I threw them all in every available slot on all my 9 network computers and with a few clicks,  Storage Spaces gives me one gigantic drive I can use from anywhere. Ive dreamed of that for years! 
Give 8.1 a try. It even comes in debloated "core only" versions  that dont include the windows media garbage and other crap so u can design it to your taste.  Did I mention it will also backup and RUN from a USB drive now? I have mine on a USB3 64gb flash drive and it is FAST with about 150mb/s xfer rates. 
@_date: 2014-05-08 10:54:58
something like this would be extremely useful! I got so tired of stressing over my Goxed money, I have repressed the memory and have no idea what the current status is with Gox, or my $5k+ in stolen coins... I assume there is still no hope of reimbursement even though they "found" almost all the coins, correct? Wouldn't surprise me one bit actually... 
@_date: 2014-02-02 06:20:27
But, why the huge download? Sounds like too much bloat
@_date: 2014-06-06 12:31:00
TIL: human kind will never agree on anything... 
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:36:44
same here :( any solution yet?
@_date: 2014-06-06 09:41:35
$2.459,30   ?   Am I high, or does this number make any damn sense? 
@_date: 2014-02-02 06:17:40
But why should we put our trust in you? There are just SO MANY ways you could steal wallets with a distro like this. I don't get why anyone would consider this less risky than your everyday laptop? You dont even explain why its secure besides saying it is offline. But how are you sure? Firewalled? Network drivers locked? Hosts file block? How are you blocking the net when Ubuntu comes with drivers pre-configured for nearly every network communication device ever made
@_date: 2014-02-03 03:03:43
Same here!!! I have a LOT in there and all of a sudden (months ago) they said i'm not "verified" enough to withdraw my own damn BTC?! I use 2FA so I don't need or appreciate their extra security precaution. I have tried to verify twice and they keep rejecting my documents for, who knows why... So, how can I get my BTC out now??? Let me know if you figure that one out! 
@_date: 2014-03-07 17:35:34
I just all of a sudden got this a few hours ago. Anyone figure what the cause/solution is?
@_date: 2014-02-02 06:00:10
I dont get it... What are you providing here? Ubuntu with Electrum installed? Is there anyone with bitcoins that can't do that themselves? What do you even need a script for? And most of all, why is the download +1GB? Electrum needs no blockchain so... What could possibly be included on a stripped/locked down linux distro that would exceed the core size of ~500mb? How about some details about exactly what has been done to secure this distro beyond the default configuration? 
@_date: 2014-06-23 21:51:50
just me, or does that chart + volume look like a billionaires pump and dump? 
either way, I enjoyed the ride! 
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:33:51
So, buying from an outlet is foolish. How can one buy then? Using exchanges is foolish, how can one obtain it then? Storing in online wallet is foolish. Agreed, but it is unavoidable if you intend to USE the coins. A wallet must be online at some point or a transaction could never happen. So in essence, what you are saying is (A worn out reddit cheer) BTC is only safe &amp; useful if everyone just hides their coins on paper wallets under their mattress? I don't think any true support of crypto currency wants to see that happen. Stop denying the obvious problem so that we can build a  solution. The problem is the "businesses" accepting bitcoin today are often shady operations who will use the first slump in profit to vanish with millions of BTC and start over elsewhere. Don't make me point out the countless examples of this happening. So without yelling at me for USING my coins for anything and everything, which is the point of any currency, what do you propose to do about that problem? 
Anonymity is a double edged sword for crypto... 
@_date: 2014-05-09 20:28:26
the irrelevancy is irrelevant, overshadowed by it's relevance. IOW, it's all anyone is ever gonna know,  hear or care about in regards to this guy. it creates  a sensationalist figurehead directly tied to the Bitcoin name. Otherwise, you wouldn't find his name on top of this reddit... Somebody forgot to wash their hands, and forgot to use toilet paper after palm wiping their ass before shaking everyone's hand at the party. Nobody likes that guy, but someone just gave him keys to the bitcoin vault and now he is in there tainting up all of OUR coins! This guy better have some major miracle up his ass if he plans to benefit bitcoin in any way! btc board is our face in the political world... This move tells me they are not thinking like politicians yet. Who vetted this guy? 
@_date: 2014-02-02 06:04:31
I know I've had enough fail on me that I dont trust this medium for anything super critical! Its really hard to beat a plain ol peice of paper... Sad as that is... ALL technology can be hacked... This is the only time I can say that, I prefer paper to a computer 
@_date: 2014-03-07 16:19:52
So, it's not just me? What happened with that? Still on hold? 
@_date: 2014-04-17 10:27:20
I hear that alot about large video files and Apple=multimedia... But how so? Never heard an explanation. I think its all hearsay. Ive never used an Apple (based on linux right) but for large files and stuff, Ive found FreeBSD or any distro using the ZFS file system to be the best in the game. I LOVE my FreeNAS box for network storage! 
@_date: 2014-04-21 11:06:47
Clearly! Anyone who buys an Apple product in the first place is a fully completed idiot! 
@_date: 2015-01-28 19:22:54
I've been looking for a host!
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:19:35
Wait, did you just reveal your earnings and occupation to the entire planet? But if a friend asks oh he can go f*** himself right? 
@_date: 2013-08-25 09:38:51
It has to be the address shown on the PayPal payment. It also must be "confirmed", i think, unless you are a powerseller. Besides, even if PayPal covers the chargeback, they will suspend you if it continues to happen. I sell high $ laptop and have learned how to deal with fraud the hard way. 
@_date: 2013-12-05 12:49:07
paper wallet. download bitaddress.org and use offline
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:06:58
That's not unlucky. Its common, even at 50% odds but he is betting at 33% odds. To start a martingale bet at .16 btc / $160 is batshit insane! I would have started at .0001 btc at most. You need to allow for a 25 loss streak if using 50% odds. Ive had a 50 loss streak at 33%. Just a few hours ago i had a 362 loss streak at 1% odds! Its all about the odds. True martingale should always be at 50% and be expecting 20 losses in a row. Iow: just dont! 
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:11:27
Chances are not thin at all for 33% odds! Its VERY common
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:16:15
Martingale is mathematically irrelevant! I agree that swapping hi/lo is never a good idea on martingale 
@_date: 2013-08-25 07:52:36
As an eBay powerseller, i know from experience, unless you have a package tracking number showing delivery, PayPal Seller Protection will not cover chargebacks. They will not acknowledge or investigate any other form of proof. You cannot safely sell digital/virtual goods on eBay. Its all buried deep in the PayPal policy. 
@_date: 2013-08-24 12:51:10
Try using online wallets! I learned the hard way, they can steal your BTC at any time! Like, 5 seconds after deposit. Try OnionWallet to see this in action. 
@_date: 2013-11-06 17:32:25
Exactly! CB is a blessing to Bitcoin and frankly, im tired of newbies whining and complaining because they have security precautions! Fact is, they are the ONLY place brave enough to allow INSTANT buys of bitcoins from a bank! Its a HUGE risk for them and I'm glad they can protect themselves enough to offer the service. They're verification process is actually extremely relaxed compared to others. It took me a month, 8 pages of bills/mortgage papers/photo identification, 10 emails to customer service, and downright BEGGING before i was even allowed to send my bitcoins to Bitstamp! I gave up trying to do an international wire transfer manually from my bank to buy bitcoins from them! What a nightmare! THANK YOU COINBASE! SO MUCH BETTER! 
On a side note, I wish people would stop the worship of localbitcoins... Not all of us live in New York. The nearest person on there is hundreds of miles from me. And even then, who seriously wants to walk around meeting strangers and giving them your cash to get some digital bit coins on your computer? It defeats the entire purpose of having an online digital currency in my opinion. I don't understand the infatuation with it... 
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:19:36
Umm, no. How do u kno what he started at? Also, at 3x you can use a 1.5x multiplier instead of 2x. Its easy to get 30+ streak
@_date: 2013-12-15 08:13:25
They are as reputable as it gets for Bitcoin! They pretty much run the entire btc world single handedly right now and have no competitors even close.  They will give 10 btc per day INSTANTLY and they will just trust that the money will be in your bank when they charge you a few days later. If your payment bounces and you have already used the btc,  they will just kindly ask that you to make another buy to fill the negative balance. No deadlines, penalties or fines of any kind. Its unheard of to take that kind of risk, I genuinely don't understand how they pull it off!!! The cry-babies here are total idiots,  complaining about every little thing. Nobody comes to tell about the good experiences... Ungrateful spoiled brats!
Buy my friend! Never look back! 
@_date: 2013-12-11 14:26:57
Yep. Same story here, except I wasn't hacked. But my btc has been held hostage for over 2 weeks due to my account suddenly needing verification. Support has not responded and I'm starting to think Ill never get that btC back... Unacceptable! But, honestly, it doesn't surprise me. That's how everything in my life has turned out since I discovered bitcoin late last year. I've watched everyone around me become millionaires while one bad investment after another has lost me so much of my life savings, I'll be extremely lucky to break even come next year. Sad considering I got most of my coins for $60! So, it would be a fitting end to have the very last of my coins, the few I didn't burn, stolen by MtGox!
@_date: 2013-11-28 21:34:54
If only they would stop suddenly requiring verification to withdraw BTC to my wallet!!! 2 days ago I sent half my btc in gox to my wallet. Today, it tells me my account is in review and must be verified before I can get the rest of my BTC out?!?! That is NOT COOL! I am concerned about leaving my btc in an online wallet and i want it out NOW! Its not their right to hold my funds hostage all of a sudden. Considering the nightmare i had getting verified at bitstamp, there's a strong possibility I cant meet the requirements for documentation to verify! Total bs, ill never use MtGox again! 
@_date: 2013-11-18 16:12:12
I fail to see the point in any of this. Im not sure if you are ultra paranoid, weak and frightened that everyone is in awe of your amazing assets and only speaks to you because they want your condos, or maybe you just get a boost of pride by teasing friends that they are not worthy of speaking too about any of your precious stuff. My advise, loosen up and get over your precious belongings! Nobody cares, they act interested because it's obvious you care, and they are trying to show common interest. One thing is for sure, you have no true friends. I doubt your happily married. Probably divorced a few time. And you are truly a class A douche! 
Perhaps Im a bit harsh. But I've been on the receiving end of douchery like this and I must say it was one of the most insulting, hurtful and egotistical things anyone has ever said to me. Assuming that I would steal his precious junk if i know too much! Right there ends any chance of a real friendship with the one who says that to me! 
@_date: 2013-12-03 01:04:12
Well said. I externalise blame whenever possible. Which is exactly why i usually dont swap hi/lo
@_date: 2013-11-28 20:13:49
Hookers and blow also available on JD :-) 