@_author: toparov
@_date: 2017-11-01 02:42:04
But you are wrong, it's happened plenty of times before.
I pretty much guarantee I make and save more money than you dude, it's not about our personal economics it's about basic macro economics.
Bitcoin is great, it can't be a fiat currency because there is no regulator but it's great for preserving privacy.
Lol, neither is going to push the other out of existence, bitcoin and national currencies do and will work alongside each other just fine.
Lol, your imagined superiority is hilarious, it's a shame you never even took Economics 101 tho. No one counts on your for anything except being cringy on reddit. 
@_date: 2017-11-01 15:35:18
You just thought about me again! Spooky.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:31:45
What exactly did they do to deserve losing their job?
So this isn't a moral objection at all it's an attempt to screw over the vulnerable for your own benefit?
I don't think it will be to your benefit to have increased crime rates, increased taxes and increased political radicalism. That is what happens as a result of mass unemployment jumps like that, main difference is that instead of making money from a job you will be paying them to sit at home from your taxes. 
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:23:03
If that were to happen you just put tens of millions of Americans out of a job, consumer consumption is critical to employment.
Do you want a society with a ton of people on welfare? Because that is what you would actually "encourage". 
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:57:52
Has happened plenty of times before for far smaller crisis and then you would just leave to anther country which either has a fiat currency or the same problem, you really really haven't thought about what you are saying.
That doesn't mean anything, it's just a feel good truism, mass unemployment and welfare is not any sane person's definition of "a return to honest living".
Happened ages ago, pretty much the whole world has fiat currency because it works better, of course it doesn't work for something like BTC because there is no central regulator but they aren't in competition.
@_date: 2017-10-31 14:46:33
I guarantee taxes to try to resolve the massive economic crisis will eat away at your hard work far more.
Yeah you really do, taxes are one of life's 3 certainties and when things start going badly (and this would be the biggest economic crash in US history) taxes start getting very creative.
Poor people make good servants while conditions are acceptable, when they aren't you get a "New Deal" (the fixed standard was abandoned because of the depression) if you are lucky or the guillotine/gulag if you are not. You haven't thought this through. 