@_author: topfinish
@_date: 2018-01-26 11:16:14
Thanks for clearing some of that stuff up. I've had some thoughts about node privacy and security:
Transaction privacy for LN users is obviously an important feature but I haven't seen much discussion in regards to privacy and security of the nodes. Node security is paramount considering that they, from what I understand, host private keys and naturally become targets for malicious actors. It is likely we will see swarms of attacks in the near future and some nodes may have their wallets cleaned out by hackers. It is therefore vital that everyone involved in the development of LN build with security in mind and aim for security by design. Although I'm sure the smart people working on LN are already conscious, it is necessary to remind everyone, including the node operators, of the importance.
Vulnerabilities in code or design of the LN apps themselves is one thing but I'm guessing (?) many will be hosting their node on a home network, shared by other potentially vulnerable software, computer-illiterate family member's devices, all behind an old vulnerable router. There may be alternate ways to gain access to your network even if you're running the node software on a dedicated device. So it seems to me that a node's IP being shared with the world can be a potential security risk. Is it possible to run a whole node's communication through Tor, and have other nodes communicate with you as a hidden service?
I admittedly have no experience in running a node and have not studied how they work so I'm really just speculating here and might be way off the ball. I would however still like to see an increased discussion in regards to privacy and security.
@_date: 2018-01-26 20:12:22
Software and network security is often neglected until an incident occurs. Ironically, Coincheck got hit just last night for a record-breaking $400m in cryptocurrency and emptying an average node operator's wallet will probably be a much easier target. People can call it FUD all they want, these threats are obviously real. We'll most certainly see attacks once LN has grown.
Thanks for the link, I'll check it out.
@_date: 2018-01-26 20:28:32
Thanks for linking me to this thread. This is exactly the type of discussion I was requesting here 
Hoping awareness will be raised and more minds provide input and come up with solutions
@_date: 2018-12-27 04:12:24
In preparation for this, does anyone know if it is possible to send from Binance to Wasabi Wallet? And Wasabi wallet to a Ledger or Coldcard should be OK, right?
@_date: 2018-12-29 16:07:26
Would it really make much of a difference if the remaining bitcoind files are on SSD, are they accessed a lot while the node is running? I thought it was mainly the blocks directory that benefitted from faster disk access