@_author: topofthefjord
@_date: 2014-01-09 02:51:19
Local decentralized open source governments fill the vacuum we need to prepare now and develops them better but btc protocol has changed every thing
@_date: 2014-01-07 22:06:55
Yin yang.   
@_date: 2014-01-07 21:56:26
This is no crash ...  It was over bought by a few hundred in a panic buy now is a panic sale.   Tide comes in and out but you can hardly call it a crash to return part way to where it was yesterday...  Don't "funk you"  to the guy telling you the truth because he told it to you simply.   A momentary craze going up is not a gain and a correction is not a crash 
@_date: 2014-01-04 19:29:56
are you trying to say that it would have been "easier" to give him a tip via cash or credit card?  I still don't get how my chanigng my password has anything to do with summing up the functionality of bitcoin.  If you think cash would have been easier then you are going to be holding worthless fiat while we're all partying it up.  I'm so sad for you being left behind, not really though you are just a troll and a hater.
@_date: 2014-01-10 00:14:07
I looked but found everything Cheaper on amazon.   The Walmart of online. 
@_date: 2014-01-03 09:31:38
Certainly is a new force of nature.  We thought we were going hive mind but now it's going to be unreal the speed at which we calculate and transfer energy and ideas (also energy).  Each crypto is in effect its own borderless union or nation state or corporation.  The way voting and concensus will influence mass behavior.  We'll look more like swarms acting as one than individuals.  The age of individualism is dieing as we enter the age of we.
Its that moment when a bacterial cell has enough chemical electro information secreted from the rest of the cells suspended in solution and "snap" the chemical computation or vote taking known as "quarum sensing" suddenly causes massive behavioral change in the entire unit.
@_date: 2014-01-05 22:06:37
I'm talking about futures.  The reason btc will go up is that people gain faith in it over fiat.  Not today.  The ground we are seeing btc gain is trying to figure out how much value it is VS dollar, eventually the btc will stabalize while the dollar is still dramatically over inflated.
@_date: 2014-01-03 19:30:50
this post sums up bitcoin?  Uh, not at all.  Anyone with a qr code I could scan with my phone = done.  Plus I could have just sent more to my other accounts tip bot too.  The fact that I had just changed my password sums up nothing about bitcoin.  Your an idiot.
@_date: 2014-01-09 11:17:11
Well there are plenty who wish to boycott banks and payment processors, the lavish fees they get for sending text messages and printing I'd cards to verify them can be done away with and myself own zero fiat and put it all where no bank will get to it and wish to support merchants who choose to allow me to function without succumbing to a bank
@_date: 2014-01-09 10:56:01
Also the point about miners leaving- believers in the coins experiment will keep mining and keep securing their backup' it just wont be cost effective until power consumption is cheap- and with far fewer new coins coming in after it is mined its value will be easier to read than bitcoin.  Even if it mostly fails it succeeds in research 
@_date: 2014-01-09 20:03:30
Nothing is free, you are giving them inflationary loaning power by keeping money in there,  a hidden future tax.  You must maintain minimum requirements minimum direct deposit minim card uses maximum card uses late fees and don't forget 2 to 5% out of almost every thing you buy goes to them instead of staying with the merchant or with you.   Another hidden fee is paid by cash users because the more visa you use the more merchants raise prices to pay fees,  cash users pay them too! 
@_date: 2014-01-03 08:57:48
+1000 doge
Sorry, Yeah I was playing with this idea right when bluetooth was getting into keyboards and mice and before it was in cellphones.  I was still in Jr High I think.
I'm just a futureist.  Been watching the path we're on and always projecting what it will look like and thinking of ways the social layer can be changed using the technological layer.  Usually I just try to type about the ideas and spread them so that they reach audiences either developers or those that are more prepared to adopt them (having heard of them) when developed.
@_date: 2014-01-08 05:56:37
I await your choking on dick
@_date: 2014-01-03 21:07:47
another version of this social layer would be every gallon of gas you buy you pay tax on it.  That should give you a vote for every gallon you buy the vote weighs more.  So your voice can influence which roads are repaired (get enough funding) first.  The ones that matter to you.  This doesn't mean that poor neighborhoods have a small voice and big as the trucking companies have a large voice.  It means that truckers will repair the roads that are vital to them and are used a lot and are expensive to maintain and neighborhoods where they don't depend on cars very much at all or don't pay much fuel tax will likely be the ones that have little maintenence requirements and might get rebated the tax they paid if it is surplus to their needs.
@_date: 2014-01-05 16:02:35
Right now fiat is more unstable than bitcoin.  We know the volume of bitcoin production and trade and it's going to be predictable.  Its fiat that we're having trouble assessing.
The price of bitcoin represents how much people dislike fiat.  As bitcoin goes up its really defining the dollar is worth LESS relative to the value we see in bitcoin.
When it becomes obvious that the dollar is falling too fast and that it's value is based SOLELY on the forced use (to pay taxes or to buy oil) you'll find people will start to price in the more reliable crypto. 
@_date: 2014-01-04 04:45:54
I have faith.  Once resources are managed with the good of people in mind instead of by the wizards of ounces you'll find we'll consume and squander less and there will be plenty surplus to bridge the gap in who has access.  We'll no doubt crowed source and open source something entirely aimed at being effective and abundant.
@_date: 2014-01-03 20:24:01
tl;dr we have just upgraded our cultural operating system - humans can quarum sense.
edit: sorry for the legibility, tablets suck
yeah well, human kind may have had the sense at one time (acted as tribes and family) but we've been distorted into individualism.  Yet this will instantly transform our society. 
Right now you have no control over tax dollars creation or spending.  No control over the direction government or corporation steer us.
Now we have the public creating a public leger/coin, which can represent a social project that needs funds.  Its market cap is its support and when it reaches enough people willing to pay enough USD to make it happen... it happens.  As the project continues and as conditions change or plans evolve the market cap shows the support so steering the project toward special interest will lose broader support and will no longer trade for enough USD to complete the project.
Even income tax or government steering could be done this way.  Individuals who paid taxes that were not refunded have a stake in the form of a tax coin that can be distributed humbleindiebundle style to choose what is funded.  You can branch down as much detail as you want.  By departments, department projects, department employees, individual expendatures.  
So maybe I don't uncheck "defence department" but I go in and say 0% of my tax can go toward the storage of depleted uranium warheads and 0% of my tax can buy the fuel to carry them to destroy generations to come.  Just slide the stuff you won't pay for down and know that your tax coin will never touch that stuff (publicly available on the leger) - we can steer and end a war instantly instead of letting the richest and most armed and most politically connected men be in charge of that!  
Eventually you will be able to open up city hall and see the days agenda at any time and even upvote and downvote the urgency of your mayors tasks scheduled on the agenda too.  So live voting live accountability and live funding.  The moment a funded project starts to derail towards some special interest, you'll see people sell out of that coin.  IF the special interest wants the project they'll have to pay for it themselves build it in the public interest so more of the public buy the "coin" to increase its market cap until it can afford the project.
Those who had no taxes withheld won't have any tax coins to distriubute.  But they will have the option of voluntarily buying tax coins to participate in funding OR they can simply vote what projects interest them by setting a "would distribute my taxes this way" profile.
So the low income have a voice too.  And yes, you can buy votes (that just amounts to voluntarily funding a project with your own money) ... as many as you want.  
The crypto exchange where it taxes place is the new tax exchange (which is really now just an idea exchange and croud funding platform formerly known as paying taxes).  
a live vote a live concensus.  We can actually put the brakes on things and change direction on the fly fast, 
Human race can become like the flock of starlings with the speed and accuracy of millions of locusts changing direction at once.  We have in fact just upgraded our cultural operating system.
@_date: 2014-01-08 04:44:31
I thought they did but when I went I see four huge signs for credit, PayPal,  Amazon,  Google wallet.     Only now that you confirm what I thought that I see the TINY TINY TINY bit of plain old link text that says ^or ^pay ^with ^bitcoin
@_date: 2014-01-09 11:06:52
Fall for a crypto that won't fall in price because of continued production.  Bit coin has to have new money to buy miners coins for the value to remain level let alone raise, already mined means no need for new money to constantly enter to buy coins off miners.
If I had a rig I'd keep securing network even if zero chance of finding new block so long as I had the gear and means to pay or generate electricity
@_date: 2013-12-13 08:06:36
Exactly how it sound to me...  And i know a bit about the science behind good spin.   This is spoonfed.   My guess is jp morgan will use the news of regulation and the foresight of when it will happen to cause panic and buy up tons for pennies on the dollar.   Or use as reason why we should switch to a well controlled crypt for stability
@_date: 2013-12-13 09:50:29
There is no threat.   Yes if btc is the one and only winning currency it would be at maximum market value.   With other coins serving niche purposes they will take a small portion of the market each so long as they do something.   I for one see a future where,  for example,  you host your Facebook like profiles on your own device.   Namecoin style dns means you can't be blocked and private keys mean you controll access permissions for friends or public.   Now if you just status update you can host it all locally but if you provide content then you would use data coin like system.  Decentralized cloud storage.   You pay miners fees to serve the data and "like"  is actually "donate datacoin".   In this way you have full control on content.   If people like the content it earns enough to pay miners for hosting it if not it falls off. 
I don't expect the values to be anywhere near btc because people will go in and out of the alts to btc home base, right now when people cash out to lock in earnings they go through btc then usd.    Not because btd is more used but because it is in the way .  Just as more cars are on the right side of the highway not because that lane serves the best functionality for travel,  but because it functions for entering and exciting which all cars must do 
@_date: 2013-12-15 22:15:21
I'm out of fiat entirely.   Also Google is demanding I sign User Agreements and update my Real Identity(trademarked phrase)  profiles for the credit institutions.   I don't have any fiat or Rothschild credits so I wouldn't even have a credit card to verify billing address to gain permission to receive money. 
@_date: 2013-12-31 08:42:19
Sharing info on a decentralized isp with decentralized storage.  Solving problems like a mother  chucking slime mold.  The feces book won't own your content you will and people will pay you for it instead of paying Fecesbook to get you in front of their targeted centralized repeated narratives and for the market research. 
Content based Internet...  I'm not sure if I'll begin to miss ads just for gnostalgia...  
  There will also be localized ledgers (peer to peer but weighted by gps and magnetic locational based value.  Another story. 
@_date: 2013-12-18 09:41:09
Have not lost more than I put in.   I just increase my position by a few % each crash with not too risked sell then rebuy
@_date: 2013-12-13 06:15:48
Prices in dollar go up while in btc they go down.   They are both changing value 
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:13:08
first of all this is a new user because my old one "tipofthefjord" was incorrect I wanted top.  2nd my full time user is karmabook.  There is now more history for you and yes this is a true story.
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:21:41
Can you give a ballpark?  I want to know if I can afford one before I go asking for them to sell me one
@_date: 2013-12-13 08:00:46
That reply is not good.   You say regulation would hurt and she goes on to say "I agree we should partner with the feds to regulate you and dont forget criminals 911".
Sounds like a well-crafted response.   Makes you feel like she is listening but is actually outlining the opposite
@_date: 2013-12-15 23:24:12
Did you read the post?  I have none.   Only cryptos. 
Besides where I live there is one gas station for 100 miles any way you go.   Certainly no chain stores
@_date: 2013-12-16 05:11:57
I'm not begging.  I even paid back the gift.  I'm just asking that if anyone else appreciates what he did and having that sort of thing rewarded around here maybe they feel like tipping him for me 
@_date: 2013-12-23 00:32:48
You can do whatever you want with bitcoin.   The whole point is it is a leger and just like fiat does not have to be backed by anything.   It is a bonus that it can be traded for dollars Where you must have dollars to pay taxes or buy oil but a country could accept it as taxes and soon oil won't be in dollars so good move for any country with holdings in us fiat
@_date: 2013-12-26 02:42:33
Fiat is by central decree.   A separate entity giving it value based on force (you must aquire some or else)  and decree.   This is a cooperative agreement for all players.   We choose it's value not by decree. bitcoin is not fiat.   