@_author: torch91
@_date: 2017-10-10 01:35:52
Its pretty simple
Look for a coin that has:
    - 1) A great team behind them
    - 2) A working platform
    - 3) A plan to expand in the future
    - 4) A concept that adds value to people and existing businesses 
    - 5) Small supply of coins 
After Bitcoin becomes main stream (15k USD+) most alt coins are going to fail to keep up. Their value will be shitty
I'd recommend focusing on something with an existing platform so it can be a head of the curve and already be in use.
Top pick is Canya Coin which is kinda like airtasker but you get paid in canya coins that you can either cash in right away or hold on to and use with a tenx card or something like that. Kinda cool concept and the Pre-sale starts soon. I think it only has 100M supply of coins so the price will stretch once things kick off.
Other than that its always a gamble lol Spectivvr has a sick platform and aligns itself with VR which is the future anyway. Could be a great place to start
@_date: 2017-10-10 02:27:59
ICO's for the average investor is a hit and miss because people sell their Bounty/Bonus coins straight out of the gate causing the price to plummet. 
You need to have a strict criteria when analysing ICO's otherwise you'll get burnt haha!
I check 5 things:
1) A great team behind them
2) A working platform
3) A plan to expand in the future
4) A concept that adds value to people and existing businesses 
5) Small supply of coins 
After Bitcoin becomes main stream (15k USD+) most alt coins are going to fail to keep up. Their value will be shitty
I'd recommend focusing on something with an existing platform so it can be a head of the curve and already be in use.
Top pick is Canya Coin which is kinda like airtasker but you get paid in canya coins that you can either cash in right away or hold on to and use with a tenx card or something like that. Kinda cool concept and the Pre-sale starts soon. I think it only has 100M supply of coins so the price will stretch once things kick off.
Other than that its always a gamble lol Spectivvr has a sick platform and aligns itself with VR which is the future anyway. Could be a great place to start