@_author: tornado9015
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:33:07
You are struggling here, so I will break this down as simply for you as I can. Bitcoin addresses are public. The blockchain which contains the record of all transactions is public. If you control the network a bitcoin wallet is on, it is beyond trivial to control the reponse when that wallet requests updates to the blockchain. Because you control the response, you control what that machine thinks the transaction history is. When that machine says "did john pay me $500" you respond yes, that machine says, THANKS, approved. You walk out with things, that you have not paid for.
@_date: 2019-03-19 01:25:55
Sort of. Worldwide banks will have redundant servers spread throughout the world and seed redundant dns servers with their locations. If your internet is down enough for that to fail your network is extremely limited and I could probably get on and create my own branch of the chain with enough workers to overwhelm the very limited supply you're connected to and make my fake chain your trusted source. From there I can do whatever I want with your and anyone else's bitcoin, and until you connect back to the internet more reliably you cant know that anything fishy is happening.
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:49:41
Thank you for at least reading and understanding the attack I was describing, though I have slight clarifications and corrections.
Not at the isp level or physical hardware, just anywhere ISP down. If i can put a pi between your modem and router i'm good. If a device exists that'll let me cut your coax line outside your building and tap between two ends. Or if in the Venezuela scenario I can just be on the same network as you and provide enough nodes and workers on that network to overwhelm the trickle it's getting from the internet at large.
What I'm describing is not even remotely dangerous to credit cards. Credit cards at worst if i'm on their network can have service disrupted, not fraudulent transactions approved, not without completely controlling the pos endpoint, which means unbolting the existing one, hacking it, (extremely difficult) and replacing it. Credit and debit cards use known secure private keys stored at the bank to approve transactions, I don't have those keys, so there is nowhere I can be in the middle and fake those keys. I cannot at a network level trick a POS into thinking I have paid when I have not.
You might possibly be describing plum cards? You could steal somebody else's mag data and use it to make a purchase not tied to your account. This will soon be phased out of realistic attack vector as chip and pin takes prominence (in the US at least) it's already mostly eliminated from many other countries.
That attack is also trivial to identify, the person whose card is stolen calls the bank, the bank refunds the charge notifies the location, the location knows the specific fraudalent transaction, exactly how much and when and if they have security cameras, footage of the person who did it.
The control of the network scenario means you control their wallet perpetually, you decide when they get to know that they're missing a few bucks. When they finally do get that knowledge, there is no log of the transaction in any way shape or form, the address they thought they received the money from was just some random address, not yours. Unless they have built a complicated system to link transactions to specific bitcoin transactions they can't even know when it happened, if they have done this, YOU'RE ON THEIR NETWORK, you just randomly filter or modify data when the pos logs that data, and or when the cameras backup their data, or hell when their cameras store it in the first place.
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:09:07
Describe to me the way in which it doesn't work. With control of the network can I not control what chain updates get to it? With control of the chain, do I not control the transaction history?
@_date: 2019-03-19 01:49:58
Sure, but if you were relying on that network and there were enough transactions for it to be worth it for attackers the worst cases are much worse. For example, worst case scenario for bank transactions not going through....transaction doesn't go through. Literally it. I can't trick you into giving me extra money, I can't pretend that transactions didn't go through but they did. Well I guess I could, but your bank is centralized, so you call them and it's problem solved.
With bitcoin, if the internet isn't reliable, I can make your wallet do whatever I want it to do. The problem with this isn't actually so bad for individuals, it's much worse for businesses. So I could for one just make my chain worthless garbage, meaning nobody trusting my chain, (the dominant chain on the network) could use bitcoin. More interestingly though, if a physical store were accepting bitcoin (this doesn't even take a venezualan outage, just me getting between their POS and ISP), I could easily make their chain say I paid them, and the rest of the network would never see that transaction, meaning I could walk out of that store with 100% of their stock for the price of a raspberry pi. Or, between two individuals I could say, I have bitcoin I need cash, will you give me 500$ for $600 worth of bitcoin that you can cash in later when the banks come back up? Make my local chain say I've given them $600, cool free $500.
Bitcoin is not safe or reliable as a POS service or without reliable secured internet.
@_date: 2019-03-19 01:17:29
For anyone using venezualan banks. Shouldn't affect worldwide lenders at all.
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:04:45
Maybe you just didn't read my last comment? Let me quote it. What I'm describing poses 0 risk to "digital fiat"


@_date: 2019-03-19 06:12:39


Maybe you just didn't read that one I guess.
@_date: 2019-03-19 02:28:11
The blockchain is an interesting idea with potentially practical implacations, but not for currency. The blockchain will hang around but it will be part of distributed databases run by massive corporations (I have heard interesting things about Intel's blockchain.)
If you want untraceable non-volatile currency I personally recommend cash, the USD, Euro and AUD are extremely stable, time tested, and almost perfectly anonymous, if you are extremely paranoid and have a little money, just buy packs of gum at different convenience stores with $20s, your change is completely untracable.
If you're rich and paranoid buy cash businesses, strip clubs or weed stores or something.
If you actually want highly volatile things to invest in I highly recommend penny stocks.
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:31:46
If you control their network you could provide hundreds of "nodes" at various addresses which are all in reality just you and send your custom chain as a response when it contacts them. Once network control is achieved which realistically isn't all that hard, everything else is trivial.
@_date: 2019-03-19 02:17:08
This isn't fixable, it's a fundamental vulnerability of distributed networking exacerbated by no centralized controlling body to handle refunds.
The "benefits" of bitcoin are what make it a dangerous currency to use given the examples I've just provided (among others). It's just very difficult and would require significant effort to use those attacks in most situations and achieve success. As mentioned above they do effectively guarantee that bitcoin and other decentralized currencies will never be adopted as a point of sale transaction method.
Any sane organization attempting to accept bitcoin will be forced to create multiple servers on widely separated networks which must form their own trust network to validate that their blockchain appears to be the authentic blockchain. This adds cost, complexity and points of failure, which is why you didn't see bitcoin commonly accepted online when the price and news were positive enough that people thought we might see it.
Edit: I take part of that back. A centralized agency could in theory create a middle layer of security that works very much like credit card systems and then use bitcoin server side on the backend. This would still have the already mentioned problems, but on top of that several more issues. No company will create an entire complex dedicated network to serving something they can't control. And even if they would, it would make transactions through that system fully centralized and tracable, (completely negating the reason many people use bitcoin)
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:16:16
You are completely misunderstanding what I'm saying and or how distributed databases work.
To correct your first point, no, you can't do it with existing POS systems because existing POS systems use centralized authentication, meaning if you don't have the private key held by central servers in the bank no transaction will go through regardless of where I am in the network.
With bitcoin you aren't worried about nodes accepting shady transactions, you're just worried about a single wallet. You are between that wallet and everything else, meaning it is in communication with you, no other nodes, it checks with you, hey, is this transaction valid? You update the chain with a yes, it doesn't matter that other nodes will not accept your update, because the POS can't check with other nodes, so when you reply, yes, transaction good to go! You are 100% of all nodes. You are the definitive source, the wallet says it has the money now, good to go.
You're right, every other node ignores this, and that's they point, they see that you have paid, but the rest of the network says nope, that's still his money.
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:25:59
Incorrect. The bank keeps master private keys, public keys of different categories need to be shared to facilitate various transaction, but not the private keys. Fraudulent purchases not linked to any accounts, do not exist. Fraudulent activity occurring at the network level does not exist.
What I'm describing is ENTIRELY different, and poses 0 potential risk to digital fiat. If you are stating that all forms of currency are potentially vulnerable to theft and declaring all methods of theft as being just as dangerous regardless of their complexity consequence and scope than I agree with you.
@_date: 2019-03-19 05:03:20
Ok. If a merchant wants to accept bitcoin, they need a server to exist in a physical location. This server must peer discover other bitcoin servers to obtain the blockchain, if I can control the network at any point between that physical server and the ISP it connects to, I can inspect traffic, determine if it is intended for a bitcoin server, and if so, reply with my fraudulent block chain. For an online service this is very difficult, though leaves companies WIDE open to theft from their IT department as this strategy would render the wallet balance completely controllable making theft detection virtually impossible, and once finally detected using a currency whose premise is anonymity, detecting and prosecuting the actual thief equally difficult.
From a physical POS side of things this is impossibly easy. I would just put on a verizon uniform and start walking into starbucks with clipboards and putting raspberry pi's between their router and POS systems.
@_date: 2019-03-19 04:52:12
You're missing the point entirely. I'm describing the context provided of a scenario in which there is a single point of failure to banking servers, AKA a severely disrupted internet which is bottlenecked by a single local ISP. Basically a small city network. Which yes, a small city's network can have it's workers easily overpowered. If I can get direct control over your network, a single worker can become the authoritative source, that is the problem I was describing in a POS scenario, where I pose as a verizon worker and replace starbucks' router with mine (much more trivial than you'd think.) Or cut the cable line to a building and insert a middle man directly into the coaax line (possibly more difficult I've never worked with the signal carried over coax directly)
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:01:47
It isn't a realistic attack vector at present, you're 100% right there, I said that I think multiple times, possibly only once. If bitcoin were introduced in POS systems in physical locations, it super would be though. Yes, you'd have to acquire a shit ton of ASIC miners to validate the hash for your phoney transactions on your custom blockchain, but these terminals would be all over the place, so you'd get on their networks and sell access to your chain. People would pay you to add significantly more but not real money to these wallets on your face chain, you'd calculate the hash, update the fake chain, spread the fake chain across your controlled networks.
You're not telling me how it doesn't work, just that there isn't a current practical use for it, I'm describing the potential practical use and why that potential prevents bitcoin POS systems.
@_date: 2019-03-19 06:18:35




No. Explained above.




Nope. Also explained above. Digital fiat pos systems contact the bank, either the bank authorizes the transaction or the transaction is not authorized. The bank will only authorize the transaction if it is a real account. It is possible to clone a card, you linked an extremely implausible relay attack, and also an easily fixable genuine chip cloning technique that may not have been patched out yet, but at the end of the day, digital fiat transactions MUST be linked to a real account, and centrally logged.
The attack i'm describing is not linked to any real account, has no central authority verifying it's accuracy, and no third party alerting anybody to it's fraudulence.
@_date: 2017-09-05 03:17:44
I am extremely wary of the prospect of bitcoin being worth 10k in 10 years.