@_author: tororoi
@_date: 2017-12-19 15:23:40
Not quite. A shelter won't breed another dog to replace the one you adopted. Buying from a shop feeds the demand for new dogs, while adopting takes away demand from shops. If everyone adopted instead of buying bred pets, there wouldn't be such a surplus of abandoned pets in the world. Of course that won't happen, but just don't go thinking it doesn't make a difference if you buy from a breeder or adopt from a shelter. It definitely does.
@_date: 2017-12-20 14:42:22
Are you going to buy all the extra puppies in the world and then personally make sure the breeders slow down their business despite the demand for puppies being greater than ever? No, they'll say "every single puppy was bought, better make even more to keep up with demand".
I love animals, but to think all of them can be saved would make me a hypocrite. Look up "galapagos goat shooting" and tell me how you would save every animal. You can't. You don't want to kill the goats? Well if you let the goats live, native species die. The correct answer is to kill the goats to preserve biodiversity. It would have been best if humans never introduced goats to begin with, but we can't change that now. It's harsh, but yes, some should die so less will suffer later. 
I don't support the pet trade at all. There are too many irresponsible pet owners out there. Many abandon their pets because they think they're being merciful by releasing them into the wild, or they just don't have the heart to put down the animal when they don't want it anymore so they release the thing. Well, that may be fine for their ex-pet, but it can wreak havoc on native and endangered species. Just look at the boa constrictor problem in florida, or feral cats, which are a huge threat to wild bird populations. What should we do with these harmful animals? Spaying and neutering helps, but it's expensive and it doesn't stop them killing native wildlife until that neutered individual dies. So, should we kill these problem animals for the greater good? Yes, absolutely. Preserving biodiversity and native habitat is way more important than the lives of these cats and other invasive species introduced by humans. 
The pet trade further threatens endangered species by supporting demand for wildlife trafficking. Many parrot species are threatened because people are selfish and just want a colorful bird as a pet, not thinking about how it effects the rest of the world. If you must have a pet, adopt it, and be sure you're prepared to commit to keeping your pet for it's whole life. The only dogs that should be bred are the ones with special jobs, such as police dogs, shepherd's dogs, dogs for the blind, etc.
@_date: 2017-09-08 03:28:26
Probably because your SS# being compromised won't affect your bitcoin wallet, but it might affect your bank account.