@_author: toronto60
@_date: 2018-10-17 14:26:28
So freaking what? This isn't anti-crypto propaganda. It's about crypto currencies, not cryptography in general. And you are surprised that American Express is dissing alternatives to the currency that THEY use? A ha ha ha ha ha.
@_date: 2019-02-24 14:42:01
You do not know what you're talking about. Fiat means decree, or by order. Fiat currencies are created by governments or central banks and they are created out of thin air. Their supply is unlimited, as the creators of fiat currencies can keep creating them forever. Crypto and fiat currencies are complete opposites.
@_date: 2019-02-26 14:50:31
No that's not how it is. Our currencies (in the West) were once backed by gold. The US Dollar used to be called 'As good as gold', as until 1971, the US government would exchange US Dollars for the then-official-price of gold  of $35/ounce. Now the price of gold fluctuates according by the market. So our currencies are now just created by government decree, or more accurately, by the central banks that each government assigns the right to create money. In the case of the US, the central bank is The Federal Reserve. It is no more 'federal' than Federal Express. It is a privately owned bank that has some loose ties to the US government. They create money at their pleasure, and they do so by decree, or fiat. 
@_date: 2019-02-26 14:42:21
I usually trust what I read on Wikipedia. But in this case, whoever wrote that definition was way off. Check out a number of other definitions from a Google search, like this one from The Financial Times, a very respected British finance newspaper: 
Crypto is different, at least regarding Bitcoin, where there is a specific limited number of Bitcoins that can ever exist. Nobody can just create new Bitcoins away from the official mining process. Fiat currencies can be created on the whim of the government.
@_date: 2019-02-22 18:45:40
"Fiat" currency doesn't mean that people have faith in it. It means it comes into existence by the order (or fiat or decree) of the government, or the government's agent, like the Federal Reserve. Crypto currencies are not created by decree .. they are created by digital mining.
@_date: 2019-02-22 18:48:29
McAfee is the laughing stock of IT Security. Thousands of so-called experts have been predicting hyperinflation of the US Dollar for a long time. He knows nothing of cryptocurrencies or security or anything really. He's a joke, and he's trying to scam out a living based on his name alone. 
@_date: 2019-02-24 14:43:23
Of course Draper would make such a comment. He has the bias of owning hundreds of thousands of Bitcoins. He is trying to talk his investment up, so his comments on it are worthless. 
@_date: 2019-02-27 15:38:54
The dictionary definition of 'fiat' from the Oxford Dictionary is:
A formal authorization or proposition; a decree.
Money didn't become fiat because it wasn't backed by gold, although money that IS backed by gold does not need a government decree to assert its worth. But it is not the fact that a currency is not backed by gold that makes it fiat. It is because a government decrees that this money, or currency, is worth something, and these governments 'stand behind' or back their currencies. Fiat money is a currency that a government of a country decrees is legal tender for that country. It has nothing to do with gold backing or a lack of gold backing. Besides. most Western country's central banks still have large gold reserves in their vaults that in essence back the currency like the old days. Having a significant stockpile of gold in a country's central bank vaults, or stored in vault in a safer country on their behalf, gives legitimacy to a country's currency. So most countries do kind of back their currency with their gold holdings, but it is not like it was when the US specifically would redeem US dollars with gold at the then-official price of gold. For a long time up until 1971, that official price was $35 an ounce. 
@_date: 2018-12-14 20:30:12
I admire you for the time you spent learning about cryptocurrencies before you made your move. But I have to tell you, as someone who has been in the investment industry and specifically in precious metals, which are another alternative currency, investors are often bullish moments after they make a big purchase. That you are 'proud' is something that caught my eye. You could be proud for doing all that learning beforehand, but just because you did a lot of work before your purchase, it doesn't mean that you necessarily got the timing right. Bitcoin is such an unknown, almost every stock and bond on the open markets are less risky than a cryptocurrency. Bitcoin spent several months around $6K, then halved itself recently. You do not know, nor does anyone really, if Bitcoin won't go down 50% next week. As much as Bitcoin is a great idea, it is not being accepted as a medium of exchange much. That hundreds of companies have invested so much money in mining hardware, they will not sell their mined Bitcoins for a loss, which will keep the price up a certain amount. But what amount? It does seem to becoming a store of value, a little bit like gold. Bitcoin does have some street creds. But we don't know if some anomoly will appear and cause the thing to go down 90%. Or up 90%. It is the true unknown. So I would be prepared for a rocky ride, and prepare yourself for a possible substantial decline. You can dream about the thing going up 10 times.
@_date: 2018-12-28 14:33:53
Jordan Peterson is a giant dick. I'm embarrassed for my home town of Toronto.
@_date: 2018-12-15 13:11:15
Of course it is possible that Bitcoin might not exist one day. That is true for all cryptocurrencies. Since Bitcoin is at the top of the market capitalization list, I'd say it has the least risk of all of them. 
Regarding your memories of AOL and Geocities, I think Bitcoin is more like Facebook in their early successes. AOL rejected the open Internet concept for their closed-wall system, and they paid the price. Geocities was just the wild wild west of free websites and had no real business model. I don't think every idea that is first to market will have the same fate as AOL. Yes, other cryptocurrencies have improved on Bitcoin's model, but Bitcoin's first-to-market  status has helped it more than it has hurt it. My fear is that the super-smart pricks on Wall Street have figured out how to control the Bitcoin market and will one day exert their power over it.