@_author: torusaurus
@_date: 2018-01-06 07:45:07
I'll let you all judge for yourselves but planet money is a huge joke
@_date: 2017-12-12 06:55:26
What if I formatted my harddrive when I got it and run Linux...
Seriously though, if you think this is some kind of rare situation, let's just say I would suggest you think again.  If you have windows you have a secret keylogger - don't believe me if you don't want to, but if you take the time to look into it and value your data get Ubuntu, Linux Mint, Ekementary OS or Fedora installed and save yourself the potential grief.  The Linux desktop has been incredibly easy to use for the average end user now in the last - I'd say 4 years.  If you play video games don't bother, the high quality graphics cards are intentionally designed and forcibly updated to be incompatible, but a simple i5, 8GB laptop will run you 200 bucks (thinkpad, dell, hp, lenovo) and you can have a secure, encrypted laptop.  
In case you don't know everything is free, there are no viruses and you can do literally everything you can do on windows minus gaming.
I'm putting this out there because bitcoin isn't the only arena plagued by paid trolls like r/btc sends your way and newbies without experience in other disruptive tech and politics will get blindsided and convinced by 5 day old accounts instructing them to go for bitconnect and tether.
You guys are all based and we have something special here - stay safe
@_date: 2017-12-15 09:26:33
People in bubbles telling us we're in a bubble.  We are used to this here..
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:28:02
If people actually understood how much power nngave the president they would be shitting themselves.  Few are even aware of the time Verizon v FCC played in all this...  I didn't figure it all out until about a month ago chatting with some lawyer friends of mine. We dodged a bullet, especially bitcoin, but a hardfork of the internet may be in the future.  My personal belief is that peer to peer encrypted networks incorporating blockchain tech to verify content isn't modified will be the future of low bandwidth modes of communication.  That will replace things like reddit, facebook, etc.  Blockchain is misunderstood by most because they are dazzled or terrified by the money being thrown around.  It's disruptive technology because it allows for networks of untrusted parties to fill in for a central trusted party.  That means fact checking without fact checkers, history verification without chain of custody of evidence, gambling without a house.  The possibilities are just starting, and it's extremely dangerous for managerial bureaucratic governments, since much of their role is to be the designated trusted party.  If substratum does something like that, I'm all ears.
@_date: 2017-12-15 08:14:28
A hardfork of the internet may be in the future.  My personal belief is that peer to peer encrypted networks incorporating blockchain tech to verify content isn't modified will be the future of low bandwidth modes of communication.  That will replace things like reddit, facebook, etc.  Blockchain is misunderstood by most because they are dazzled or terrified by the money being thrown around.  It's disruptive technology because it allows for networks of untrusted parties to fill in for a central trusted party.  That means fact checking without fact checkers, history verification without chain of custody of evidence, gambling without a house.  The possibilities are just starting, and it's extremely dangerous for managerial bureaucratic governments, since much of their role is to be the designated trusted party.
@_date: 2018-04-25 07:17:32
Interesting quote, thanks.  I don't see how Satoshi explaining we would end up with big server farms necessarily means we need a bigger block-size.  Actually Andreas Antonopoulos makes a very direct argument against increasing the block-size and letting technology catch up with the demand rather than getting caught with our pants down in 5 years committed to an unnecessarily-adapted inefficiency and an uninspiring altcoin that can't even improve on Litecoin at all.
I honestly see the criticisms of Bcash as entirely appropriate and likely not harsh enough.  We're all biased but having a shitcoin named bitcoin while using Bitcoin.com to fool new users with no clue is incredibly reprehensible. 
I don't necessarily agree with the pro-regulation crowd, I think the time will come when people get mad and Bcash goes down but not before movies and documentaries come out profiling the biggest scam in history.  I completely understand people who say "why let principles get in the way of making money" and predicting Ver's moves successfully in a profitable way, but I just don't trust him.  I've given them a chance and found astroturfing and a palpable lack of logic nor evidence.
The amazing thing about it is when Bcash gets rekt bitcoin will skyrocket in value because not only do people generally learn about the market en masse when things become ubiquitous but they typically abandon ship when they realize it's sinking.  I think we'll look back on bitcoin at 43% market share as a brief time in history.  The value inherent in 99% of altcoins is incredibly fleeting.
The few real applications, anon-coins &amp; fixed-market-purpose coins (casino, medical, etc) will have a life span and evolve but they were built on bitcoin and gauged by bitcoin.  I hope the new people realize all that as soon as possible, it's an uneasy thing seeing a flow of ignorance followed by anger when they realize what happened.  People are going to be pissed lol.. Is it worth it to get rich and own an island?  You tell me.
@_date: 2018-04-25 07:37:16

